2	YOU Would walk right OUT if you went IN. It always looks like it's in a state of renovation or a contractor walked out on the job. a real diveJust the 3 Armenian-looking guys running the place-the Cook-The Counter & Delivery. REAL SCARY GUYS!! Always on their phones yelling at someone!!Pizza & wings. We have eaten here 20+ times over the years. It is CHEAP ($8.50 for 1 topping Large) and it is GOOD.The pizza is brick oven baked-the crust is VERY thin & crispy just enough sauce and just enough cheese to be GREASY but NOT too greasy. If you like it NY style this is a good spot.FEED THE FAMILY FOR UNDER $20
4	Great pizza!!Seriously, if your a pizza lover, don't miss out.Their subs are eh... But they are open 24 hours. Great spot.
5	Awesome!!24 hrs now too. Gotta go to the one on the west side. The east side one lacks. So good that I called them to tell them so!!!
4	Pizza is awsome here..... I usually get jalapenos and sausage on my pizza... the wings are a little dry
4	Had one of their specialty pizzas (forgot the name) my friend and I thought it was very very good.
1	Was the pizza good? Yes, it was ok, average... but it would have been better if it wasn't cold by the time it got to us. We ordered a bbq chicken pizza with three sides of ranch. It arrived an hour and a half after we ordered it, with no ranch dressing. When I asked the guy where it was, he said "sorry, whoever took the order didn't write it on the ticket," which was taped to the box. He pointed to the ticket on the box, then he left. My boyfriend and I went back up to our room. I noticed "3x ranch, was written on the ticket, and even circled! Nice. I'm so glad we waited an hour and a half for a cold 28 dollar pizza, with no sides, to be delivered by a moron. Thanks Cafe Verdi. My boyfriend and I will not be ordering from you again next time we're in vegas, which is often.
4	okay, so i work nights and it's impossible to find food that isn't fast food at 3am. good thing i live in Vegas!after driving the strip to no avail for some pizza. i finally stumble upon Cafe Verdi. it's located in a strip mall, and easy to miss. i know they deliver 24 hours but i live out of range so i have always gotten carryout. lemme tell you, they're pizza is YUMMY!first time i went i ordered a simple peperoni pizza, and my friend ordered the spinach. my pizza was great. right amount of cheese, right amount of sauce, sauce didn't taste nasty. my friend's pizza was extremely flavorful, and just all around good.2nd time coming i got hawaiin, and my friend got the BBQ chicken. hawaiin was good, duh, and my friend's was awesome once again! other than when the employees yell at each other in the back (pretty entertaining), and the lie about having fresh lemonade (it's country time), i will definitely be coming back for the remainder of my time in vegas :]
5	The Verdi special is delicious! They are open 24 hours! I order from this place every time I am in vegas. Its the perfect food choice after a long night of partying in vegas!  I highly recommend them! Not only is the pizza amazing but they also provide exceptional service!
1	I called for a delivery at 8pm on a saturday. The person who answered barely spoke english and when i asked if they delivered he (rudely!) told me it would take an hour minimum - not even knowing what i was ordering or where it was to be delivered. I said forget it and hung up. Bad customer service = no service.
1	The pizza was good. But the service...I passed this place and saw an inviting sign on the window that read: "Anytime Special.  Any 2 Slices & a Drink, $5." Just what I needed!I was greeted by a short blonde woman who needed to check if they still had slices. I understand, it was 3.40PM.  Sometimes slices are only available at meal times.Her - Me"Yes, we have slice's." - "Awesome!""Pepperoni or cheese?" - "Actually, I'd like pepperoni and mushroom with extra sauce""We can't do that." - "Really?  You don't have mushrooms or sauce?""We do, but the pepperoni and cheese slices are already made." - "ok, can you just add it before you throw the slices in the oven?""No" - "Really?  That's how lots of pizza by the slice places work...""Ok, we'll add it." - "great, thanks!""Your total is $6." - "But the sign says $5 for any 2 slices, including a drink?""I have to charge you for the extra toppings." - "But the sign says?""The sign is incorrect, we're in litigation with the sign vendor now." - "Ok, well can you honor the current offer?  Seems like you should, that's the whole reason I came in..."::Lots of sighing and grunting:: "Ok, $5.50." - "Thanks!"There was no mention of my drink.  Fortunately I didn't need one.Like I said, decent pizza, but this confrontation was appalling.
4	I've never dined in, but I order late night delivery eats from here constantly. I've recently ran out of menus to call or order by so lately I haven't been calling. Oh...how I've missed your pizza Cafe Verdi! I love pizza! But, don't get me wrong, I am no pizza pro. However, if pizza tastes good, then so far, it's done the job! The taste of their pizza is just sssooo different from the franchised pizza places. It has that great soft herbal taste that goes with the pizza which makes it taste a lot lighter, and little less saltier than most pizza's I've tasted.I usually love to get their Cheesy Garlic bread for $2.99. I mean seriously! Who doesn't love cheesy bread! Cheesy bread brings out the daring side of a person you know...I also get the 10 inch Hawaiian or the 10 inch BBQ chicken pizza, oh! and the white pizza for $9.99. It's just heaven! They are also 24 hours, 7 days a week, including holidays, so it's even better. If you're just tired of the same old $3.99 steak and eggs after a fun night on the strip, this would be another good alternative joint, that's anything besides breakfast.
1	Okay let's be honest, the only reason 9 out of 10 of us order from here, is because it's 4am and your trashed. I've never had a problem with this place, we use to order here all the time after partying the night away. The other night, we come staggering home from fremont street and decide to order our regular, 10 inch pizza and wings. Of course the food itself is not that great, but its 4am and there isn't too many other options at that hour. We waited 2 hours for a food, which we realize, there is lots of other drunks following our foot steps in search of their late-night snacks. After 2 hours, we call and they tell us the driver came, and we never answered the door or the phone. First off, we live in a highrise, with a door a man. The door man ALWAYS calls us before they let someone up. It doesn't matter if your my Grandma or the Cafe Verdi delivery guy, he is going to call and make sure it's okay if they come up. Well, we never got a call. Neither did the driver. According to the front desk, no one ever showed up with a pizza during those 2 hours. The person on the phone from Cafe Verdi goes on to say "We have had problems with you guys not answering the door before." Well that is a lie. I don't know if they confused us with someone else, another address, or something. Of course we bitched them out and I got them to reverse the charge on my credit card. Needless to say, we aren't going to order from here anymore. Boston Pizza delivers until 4am and their food x10 better.
1	I would give 0 star for the service.they don't even answer the phone properly and delivery time is too long.it was my big mistake that I called here .
2	Hopefully I'll be updating this review after another try. We ordered about 5 different menu items around 11pm, the food arrived quickly, but it was not surprisingly below par. The lasagna was literally like a marinara sauce soup, in which I had trouble finding actual pasta or meat. The bread was pretty stale and plain, the pizza was very average to below average, and the wings were decent at best.Honestly, I'd still recommend this for late night based purely on it being food and having delivery available.
2	This place is always hit or miss. Been going here for years and every time service and food is great and other times it sucks. One thing that's consistent is the staff is always rude. One night a group of my friends went to eat here at around 3am after a long night out and were laughing having a good time (not drunk), and the owners sitting at a table by us rudely told us to keep it down. We were the only customers in the restaurant. For the place itself, its nothing special and easy to miss. The food is probably the only thing keeping this place open. Philly cheesesteaks are always good along with the fries. However the last time I had it, the bread was hard. Calzones, pizza and chicken fingers are also a good choice. I've only ordered delivery a couple times and it always takes about an hour to get your food. They do tell you it takes awhile before ordering though. If you come here, don't expect much from the staff and just enjoy the food.Oh yeah the place has a C for its health rating for as long as I can remember, but I've yet to get food poisoning.
5	I sent an order of food to a close friend of mine (and her family) that wasn't feeling too well--from out of state--and this lady (and I mean "lady") gave me the most unbelievably, wonderful customer service! I probably spoke with her three times on the phone... And she was always so pleasant, upbeat and helpful! (Really? After three phone calls? But truly, yes!)And my friend has reported back that the food was wonderful!Next time I'm in Vegas I'm stopping in just to say "Thank you!"
1	A co-worker of mine ordered lunch from here last week, We order from this place often for lunch. The food is desent and the prices for lunch specials are resonable. BUT let me tell you something After my co-worker ordered her lunch it took well over an hour to be delivered, That is a long wait for delivery. Then when the delivery driver arrived he was a rude arrogent A##hole. He demanded a tip and when my coworker said she needed change he got upset. He goes to his car to get change brings back the change throws the change on the desk and says to her, "next time pick up the food yourself" how unprofessional is that??? we will never be ordering from Cafe Verdi again. When we contacted the manager nothing was done. A half A*# apology was given making an excuse for the driver stating he was stressed out. WHO CARES! we all get stressed out but you don't treat your loyal customers poorly,My recomendation is find another place to order from!RUDE!!!!!!!
2	I have a huge love for two things, ramen and lasagna. Tonight was a lasagna night. After browsing around yelp for about 30minutes I ended at cafe Verdi. The online ordering had some issues, so I ended up calling the restaurant to order. Phone gets picked up and she informs me that the wait was going to be 1 hour 15mins due to there only being one driver. Since I prefer ordering in advance I was fine with it. Very polite, took my order, made it quick and before hanging up once again informed me with the wait time. So very satisfied with her service. I ended up waiting about 1 hour and 45 minutes. By the time the order was here, I was starving, looking forward to my food. However very nuke and though the bowl looked huge half of it was sauce, with very little noodles. As hungry as I was, and the what I had to go through, and there not being much food to it I still managed to not finishing it which the bread and sauce went to the dogs plate. However quite satisfied with tiramisu. Highly doubt it was made in the restaurant, but I will give credit for it satisfying my sweet tooth. If it weren't for that and my mimosa I had with my meal, I would have had to cooked something up for myself. This time I had gotten delivery but it's not that I was dissatisfied with the entire meal so I will be going in as dine-in and give it another try.
5	This place is a real life saver. Only spot I can find that delivers food 24/7!!! Thank you cafe verde!!!!
5	I decided to give this place a try despite reading some of their bad reviews and I must say this place has delicious pizza. I ordered an 18" verdi special and omg it was so good!! The cheese was so tasty and it wasn't greasy like most places. We also ordered the eggplant Parmesan and a double bacon cheeseburger and for late night food it was pretty damn good.Thanks Cafe Verdi I'm glad I found you!!
5	Looking for a late night delivery & found this great place :) ordered online thru yelp it shows a full menu & prices are good not too crazy. I got a large order or fries & a Philly cheese steak sandwich it was great hott & fresh! After a reasonable 2.00 delivery fee it was only like 12,bucks I will definitely order again soon some time. Thanks guys!
5	I've ordered delivery from cafe Verdi a few times now and the quality and service of the food is outstanding! Always on time and food is great as usual. Definitely a good recommendation from me! They even deliver to hotel rooms?!! Now that's service!
1	We placed our order at cafe verde, 40 minutes later we called to check on our order status and found to our surprise that our order was canceled!!! Why? Apparently we're "not within delivery distance"...could have told us that when we placed the order and it's funny how that was never a problem before?!?  Seriously Verde? Never again!
1	As I said before in one of my other reviews, our work EDR doesn't always cut it, so sometimes we order out. Kung Fu is great and delivers quickly, but when you work graveyard, sometimes you don't have that option.Cafe Verdi is open 24 hours, and the food is okay. It's not top of my list, but it's open and it delivers, and when you can't take lunch before 3.30am, it's the best out there.However, this past order will be my last, as I placed an order online during a quick 15 minute break, with an estimated time of 30-45 minutes. After a little over an hour I called Cafe Verdi, and after a very lengthy hold time, I was told by what sounded like a very frazzled manager that the delivery guy left as he didn't have a room number. Now, I've ordered from here quite a few times before, and mentioned that I work at the front desk. It's not like a new customer. Never before has that ever been a problem.The guy offered to knock $6 off the offer, and said it was really busy but he would get it out as soon as he could. Another NINETY MINUTES PASS and it's still not here.Oh hellz naw.I called back the restaurant and was put on hold 15 minutes until the phones unceremoniously dumped me. I had myself a little woosah moment because now it had been two and a half hours and I was pissed, and it's not like the food is worth that kind of wait. I called back, finally got the manager again, who sounded like he was surprised (I can act surprised too, buddy), and I cancelled the order.Ten minutes later, the delivery guy finally shows up, and I told him we cancelled the order. As I walked away I heard him go, "Oh, come on!" and he's lucky I was at work because I had half a mind to take him to task for such a pissant response (pardon my language, I have stronger words I'd rather use).I won't be ordering from here again. It may be the only thing open at 3.30am, but I'd rather get a mocha from Starbucks to hold me over until I can get real food with people who give a hoot.
5	I order regularly from Cafe Verdi.  Love their food, prices are fair, and delivery is always on time if not early.  When I eat in the staff is friendly, the manager takes my order and delivers my food to the table, and the atmosphere is homey.  I highly recommend you give them a try!
5	Beyond expectationNever had food deliverd whereI needed to let food cool downBaked ravoli excellent garlic cheese breadExcellent ! Will recommend to anyone and everyone ! Thank you cafe Verdi .
4	Late night or 5 am food on a Saturday night? Don't want to leave your hotel room? This place is it. Fast Italian, so don't get your hopes up. Got a dinner salad though and was pleasantly surprised by its size & quality. 2 girls late night snacks delivered...$13 plus tip. Can't beat that!
1	You yelp people are smoking some good stuff. This place has worst service and delivery ever. Just walk inside the place looks like a dump. Nothing is clean. Pizza used to be the best. I DONT Care How Good Your Food Is If Your Service Is Horrible.
1	I have to disagree with everyone else about this place. I called to order a plain cheese pizza for delivery, the guy who took my order told me my pizza will be delivered in 45mins. So I waited and waited, waited some more. As I seen the time has gone by it's been 1 hour and my food isn't still here. So I called them to see where has my pizza taken place at! They said it's on it's way. So I waited again til finally after waiting for almost 2 hours for a pizza delivery I finally got my pizza. And it was cold. The chocolate eclair they gave me was old. I was very disappointed. So I DO NOT recommend ANYONE to order from this place. They Suck at delivery.
1	Just called to place an order, and the guy hung up on me. He said my number was blocked.  I ended up calling back and the guy blocked my number? WTH  Im just trying to order food I work a graveyard shift. Very bad customer service!!! i will be contacting Chri the owner/manager in the morning. Very bad customer service. DO NOT EAT HERE!!!!
1	BEWARE OF LAWRENCE THE PHONE MAN. HE IS ARGUMENTATIVE, DISRESPECTFUL. THIS "BUSINESS" IS TRASH.  First off anyone who would order from this cave must be desperately hungry and not thinking there options through. Which I was. Here's the low down with this dumpster... I made an order at 9:13 AM the food arrived around 11 am. What a joke.The order was for chicken tenders NOT SPECIFIED TO BE DRENCHED IN HOT SAUCE, but to include an order of the 3 sauces. Ranch, hot sauce and BBQ sauce.The chicken tenders came  lately around 11 am. 2hours later.They where DRENCHED in hot sauce, to the point of an uneatable marinade of sloppiness. Ranch never came and poor quality bbq sauce. The eclair was the only eatable thing but was too sweet and tasted like an artificial sweetened product of poor quality for the price of 3.25. (not worth it)The french fries where literally damp. Soggy and uneatable. There where even flecks of green mold on the edges of the fries. I'm surprised this place is approved by the health code in las vegas. Now this is where it gets even more crazy and im not writing this because i have any personal issues, im writing this because of how they handled there business with me.I had almost cried when my order came because i was just so hungry and it was terrible i couldnt eat it. I called the place to ask for an exchange of chicken tenders. I told the man how i ordered the sauces and how they did not specify they prepared them drenched in hot sauce. The man started SCREAMING and shouting at me and actually insulted me by calling me "stupid"! I said look, either way your going to have to fix my order to plain tenders or give me a refund. He said he will not fix the order and that If i want another order I will have to pay for it?? how absurd is that! How can they mess up an order and not offer a replacement? That is foreign to me in the restaurant business! I didn't even eat the chicken because of the incorrect preparation. I then felt so sour in my stomach because after being called stupid by lawrence he then raised his voice again in a hostile nature when i asked for a refund. He said good luck trying to get a refund! Well I called  my bank and made sure I did. I had to hang up on him because of him screaming and shouting. It was so bizarre. I dont understand how someone running a business could be so hostile and rude. This has to stop or this place be boycotted.
4	Great and convenient!  Delivery was prompt and friendly! Mozzarella sticks were perfect even with the delivery, burger was delicious and so were the chicken wings. The best part of all, the brownie!!!
1	We are regulars and tonight disappointed that the cornmeal style crust was not presented.  Hope this is not the end of our normalcy!
4	I don't know why people disliked this place.  On a late night in Vegas, this was the go to spot for pizza delivery. I thoroughly enjoyed the flavor of their pizza.  This being open late night was a good look.  Liked the Spinach and Feta, the crust, the sauce.  Bam!  Thank you Cafe Verdi!
1	They r closed for remodeling. It wasn't very convenient when it says 24/7  during my late night pizza craving
1	This was the worst food I have ever ordered.  The pizza was chewy and tasteless.  I ordered extra tomatoes on the margarita pizza and there were 4 on the entire thing.  The basil was cheep dried spices and when it was delivered all the toppings were pushed over to one side like he carried the box sideways.  The pasta was even worse.  Waaaayyy over cooked, bland sauce and the meatballs were tasteless and mushy.  I have never felt so cheated in my life.
1	I ordered everyday for a month recovering from surgery. Food was good but pricey for delivery. The last order I placed was OVER $50 AND ARRIVED AFTER 3 HOURS! Food was ruined by that time and they refused to refund my money OR come get the food! Told me they would give me $10 off on my next order!I've spent probably $750 ordering from them in the past and won't make that mistake again. The guy who takes the orders is a total smarmy douche lacking social skills or proper phone etiquette. Despite having my standard order in the data base, they insist on seeing my credit card and driver's license every time and rubbing it for an imprint. The drivers always claim they got lost despite my knowing them by name. Come on guys, don't BS a BSr.
5	Quality pies. You have to love that they are opened 24/7 and that they deliver at all hours too. The food has always been on time and hot. I do wish they offered a Mexican pizza. Maybe someday they will
