3	Strings is a little Italian bistro that's been situated in the shopping center on the northwest corner of Tropicana and Eastern for approximately forever.  It's outer appearance reminds me of the early 90s, but the food inside definitely tastes better than Crystal Pepsi or a refreshing bottle of Orbitz.  (Remember that stuff?  Why were mystery gobs of goo suspended in your drink a marketing strategy?)Strings is a good lunch spot and they have a "Lunch Dash" special that used to be $3.50 but now hovers somewhere around $7.00.  Their garlic bread is homemade and sooooo good and reminds me of my childhood, which again puts us somewhere close to the early 90s (dammit!).  Their pastas are good.  Just good.  Not spectacular, but definitely edible for the price you pay.  The service is always polite and quick and the atmosphere is comfortable.Having had lunch there, I wouldn't recommend it for a 'night out,' but for a casual dinner it sure beats the Olive Garden.
3	Strings is a great little cafe for a quick lunch. It is really cute and nice inside and not a big chain. My favorite thing here weirdly is the house salad, it is the first time that I had raisins on a salad and I'm hooked. The service is really good and the casual Italian food is always pleasing.
4	Great for lunch. Get the lunch club card. It's also very good for business lunches. I LOVE the garlic bread. And the eggplant parmesan is awesome.
5	I love Strings. Great for a quick affordable lunch off the strip. Their fettuccine alfredo and linguine with clams are my favorites, but a girl friend of my swears by their Carribean salad. If you need a pick-me-up, the four layer cappucino is the way to go. Goes down easy and keeps you up for hours! And the staff is ah-mazing as well. Courteous and prompt with their service.
4	Strings shows flashes of inspiration, but then doesn't quite fulfill the promise.  Still, the food is good, the service is good, the atmosphere and decor are attractive, and the prices aren't bad.  The garlic bread was a nice surprise--just like my mom used to make it in the mid-1970's, on a soft french bread spread with garlic powder, butter and paprika, then put under the broiler until crisp and just starting to brown on top.  The salad LOOKED like something my mom would make, which had me leery.  I usually don't like fruit and "stuff" in my salad, but the dressing (a creamy Italian, maybe?) pulled it all together and I actually enjoyed it.The entrees are the source of that unfulfilled promise:  they reach for interesting combinations, but don't quite make it.  At least they aren't Sysco pre-cooked offerings, and they are fairly tasty.The desserts would probably appeal to most diners, but they are clearly Sysco (or other food distributor) offerings, far too sweet, and not sufficiently flavorful.  Again, not bad--just not superb.Overall, there's enough to draw me back, but not enough to draw me back to the exclusion of all other restaurants in the area.
5	My favorite! Best garlic bread in town. I recommend their linguini w/ clams and the tortellini is yummy also. Actually, I've never had anything here that I didn't enjoy. They also have a great lunch special menu.
3	Like other reviewers, I found this place to be OK, but nothing special.  I thought the house salad was really good, and the Lasagna Pastry was interesting and pretty tasty.  My companion ordered the Prawns & Sausage Fusilli and was pretty disappointed.  The sausage was clearly the same little balls of sausage that go on pizza, and not all that good in the dish.  I have nothing truly bad to say about the place, but I don't have many good things to say either.  It's all just OK.
4	I've eaten here four times now and this place never disappoints.  I won't go so far as to say the food is amazing, but I always seem to walk away impressed.  Now that I know restaurant.com has coupons for Strings, I may have to eat here more often.
4	If you want to try some delicious authentic Italian food, then you need to try Strings Italian Cafe.  All Entrees come with a delicious salad or soup.  On Mondays, you can order a bottle of wine for 1/2 price.  The food came out hot and the sauce is fantastic.  The service was great and we will definitely go back again.
4	Good food and service and a reasonable price.I ate here on a whim because I found a coupon for it. As it turns out the food was delicious and the service was very friendly. When I arrived here I initially wasn't sure what to think because the tables have these thickish tacky looking covers on them... but once I got over the tablecloths and tried the food I was very pleased! I also ordered desert even tho it is all premade stuff and the little bon bon looking things on the desert menu aren't little at all they are like the size of a soft ball and totally worth it!
4	Convinced my family members, who were visiting from out of town, to try this place (instead of Olive Garden, which was their suggestion, after we had eaten at Denny's the previous night.  Don't get me started....) based on a Reader's Pick write-up in City Life.You can usually get SOMETHING vegan at an Italian place, although it's probably plain marinara; and that's what I was bracing myself for.  Filling, but boring.  Well! I was in for quite a treat when I consulted our very attentive waiter about vegan options.  He was helpful, seemed to understand what I was saying, and even had them modify one of the specials for me! I got a breaded eggplant filet (no eggwash!), with sauteed mushrooms, red peppers, and tomato/olive oil sauce (hold the parm!).  It was delicious, and different from anything I've had at an Italian place before.  Also had a pretty standard but good salad. The fam loved their stuff too, and proclaimed it "Better than Olive Garden," which is high praise for them. ;) They even talk about going back next time they're in town!  I was very impressed with the level of service and the attention to my dietary needs.  I would gladly go again as well.
4	Went for lunch...tried spagetthi with marinara sauce which was good. The cafe salad and garlic bread were both excellent..very fresh.
4	First of all, the waiter seemed like kind of a dick. I asked if they had lime flavored iIalian soda and  I guess i am an idiot for assuming that they would have this flavor. He looked at me like I had just insulted his mother. I am not sure why this went down, but it did. Now that I got that out of the way, I want to tell you that I would highly recommend Strings. The bread, salad, drinks (just don't ask for lime anything), and entrees were all high quality and delicious. I had a pasta with sun-dried tomato, pesto, curry!!, chicken, roma tomato and three ginormous shrimp that were cooked perfectly. It was the best tasting and most unique pasta dish I have ever had.  I sampled my daughter's spaghetti and meatballs and they were perfect. Other than the waiter who may have just been envious of me because I was with my beautiful 3 year old girl and three rather attractive women (my sister-in-law and two friends), it was great. He was very attentive and the service was quick. We even heard the chefs barking at each other a little bit in the kitchen (I mean that in a good way). A great value too!
4	The Spinach and bacon Fettuccini is worth a monthly visit and the specials are always fun and tasty.  Their house salad is  unusually addictive. Very friendly service.
4	Great food for a decent price
4	In a town full of good Italian restaurants, Strings delivers value for money without Olive Garden-style slick service and "Tuscan Culinary Institute inspired" dishes that in all likelihood are on the menu because of focus-grouped reviews, food stylists and a marketing department that creates Italian-sounding words almost at will. So if that sort of thing has gotten to you and you are transitioning out of the Olive Garden lifestyle, Strings makes it easy, as some of its set up is familiar. They have all-you-can-eat salad served in almost the same bowl-tong combination as the OG, but of better quality. The soup as an alternative option also has a home-cooked taste, etc. The bread is also of higher quality. So where Strings first wins out over the OG is its locally-owned attention to every course that the standard Olive Garden experience cannot match. Strings' lunch menu is a smaller-portioned size of their dinner menu (with reasonably-priced specials), so let's just get to dinner items. I've settled on the Tortellini Alla Panna as my favorite- perfectly cooked, with a sauce that neither weakly disappoints nor overpowers. Of course, standards like lasagna and various spaghetti and fettucine dishes are also quite good and if you are really hungry, their triple combination of lasagna, tortellini and stuffed mushrooms will take care of it well. The marinara sauce can sometimes be hit or miss but never fear- if you mention this to your server another plate or bowl will appear with improved sauce in a matter of minutes.I've been there for business lunches, casual evenings and dates and even one Christmas Eve dinner and no matter the occasion, the food is worth it and the price has been right. It helps that the place is locally-owned, giving it a hometown and familiar flair. The only reason I cannot give five stars is because once every 3rd-4th time I've visited, service is spotty. By that I mean either long wait times between courses with no explanation (and sometimes avoided eye contact), or over-attentiveness because there is a line of eager guests and we are subtly encouraged to get the pasta and get on with it. It's rare, though, and the food is certainly worth the occasional service glitch.
4	We have been back a few times. Pasta is delicious.Even my NY hubbie's foodie's taste was satisfied by the red sauce. Creamy marsala is very tasty. The garlic bread is to die for. I love the salad too. Good service and decent prices. Decor from the 80's needs an update. oh well.
3	We went to Strings with another couple for dinner, and I must say that this time was not as enjoyable as my previous ventures here.  In large part that may be because on this occasion I opted for a different entree than Veal Marsala, that had always been consistently excellent.  But a few other prepared dishes were slightly off form, as well.  As luck would have it, this tends to happen whenever I try to introduce friends to a restaurant whose praises I have sung.The Garlic Bread was as good or better than ever.  In Las Vegas from my dining experiences thus far, only the Garlic Bread at Lavo reaches this level of buttery and garlicky goodness.  You could press a hot slice and liquid would ooze out of it.  By night's end my small group finished three baskets.Another great dish once again was Stuffed Mushrooms.  This appetizer consisted of button mushrooms stuffed with some Pesto and gooey cheese, and topped by an ample quantity of mellow Marinara Sauce and Parmesan splinters.  Delicious!  I hardly noticed the Pesto flavor, which for me was a good thing, because I am not a Pesto aficiando.Meals come with Minestrone Soup or salad, but I got both since my wife is known as Veggie Hater for a reason.  The homemade Minestrone Soup had very good, mildly spicy broth but contained overcooked cabbage.  Included potatoes, carrots, zucchini, and onions were fine.  And, my Caesar Salad (no extra charge for a Caesar!) was fairly good, with a creamy Caesar Dressing.My entree of Veal Picatta was made with a sauce that was white wine-based, lemony, and punctuated by capers.  It was served with Roasted Potatoes and fresh vegetables, and appeared to be creamy, floury, and somewhat unusual looking.  But, it tasted good with the thinly pounded veal--only not as remarkable as the Marsala Sauce I had previously sampled here.  Portions were good sized but the asparagus spears on my plate were very thin, a rough variety, and somewhat burned.  And, uncharacteristically, the Roasted Potatoes were underdone on the inside and slightly burned on the outside.Desserts here are first rate.  While others at my table enjoyed an Exotic Bombe and Tiramisu, I had more run-of-the-mill Spumoni, which, though, was good and refreshing.Service was friendly, fast, and efficient; and the informal trattoria ambiance was nice.  It was a 3-1/2-star experience!
4	The food was great, the service was outstanding, and the price was unbeatable.  Only thing I didn't care for, the atmosphere. IMO it seemed more like a diner, not an Italian restaurant. Please don't let that deter you from dining here, it's fantastic, just not for a date.
3	I'm probably more like a 2 1/2 stars on this one. I used to come here more often, then had a gap where I wasn't out this way. The food used to be a bit better than what I had this last visit. The service was friendly and everything was quick to come out of the kitchen. I had the eggplant parmigiana with fettuccine alfredo and it was okay. The marinara had an odd taste - something that reminded me more of an enchilada sauce than marinara. The alfredo was good - not too soupy (which I hate) but had a slightly more beigey/ecru tinge to it instead of being more white. IN any event, it isn't that I wouldn't go back, but I don't think I would make a special trip.
2	Let me start by saying they have great bread, and the salad was good. I had the Shrimp Scampi, and it had very little flavor. The sauce on the side of pasta tasted like a store bought jar. My husband had the Eggplant Dore, and I honestly didn't know you could slice eggplant that thin. I have to say that the minestrone soup was awful. It was basically cabbage in a broth, celery, and two kidney beans. I know different places cook it differently, but I expected there at least to be beans or pasta in it. On a good note, the server was very friendly and the wait for the food was minimal. The prices were reasonable and they seemed to have a lot of customers but  I can't say we will go back.
5	We came here after seeing Wicked so my phone was totally dead . I couldn't take pictures of any of their fabulous food or the outside of the building. The outside of the building looked like the club that Matthew Perry's character in Fools Rush In was working on. I love that movie! We started with the Caribbean Salad which came with veggies and fruits . That is my favorite type of salad. Mandarin oranges and strawberries yum! We also had some of their garlic bread which was soo delicious! They also served us Minestrone soup before the main entree which was spicier than your typical Minestrone but I loved it! I seldomly eat Italian food  but the Chicken Parmesan was crave worthy! There was more than enough to take home and let me tell you it tastes just as good when you reheat it! We were regrettably too full for dessert but plan to save room for next time. I definitely want to come back soon!
5	Service is great, food is authentic, and the salad with the raisins is ridiculously good.
4	MMMM MMMMM Good!We had an entertainment book coupon, so we decided to try this place out.  YUM.I must say, though, that I disagree with the quality of the standard garlic bread.  It was only "meh" in my opinion.  They did have a cheesy garlic bread that you could order, and we did.  As Rachael Ray would say "YUM-O".  I had the alfredo with shrimp, my hubby had the veal parmesan.  The veal was real!  In other words, not a frozen patty.  Also, he noticed that the red sauces that came with the cheesy bread, with his veal and on his pasta were all different - they didn't use one red sauce for everything!My shrimp were perfectly cooked, and the alfredo sauce was just the right amount of heavy.  Not thin, and not too thick that I could feel my arteries clog as I ate it.The salad was quite tasty - I have to admit to some trepidation about the raisins - but it was good!Our server was great.  We told her it was our first time there, so she took the time to tell us a bit about the history.  (They weren't very crowded when we got there, so she did have the time).We will definitely be back!
2	I've past this place for years and always wanted to try it. So when a living social deal came up for it I quickly purchased it. My husband and I went on a Tuesday night. There was only two other couples and one large group in the back. (The large group ended up being what I think were the owner and friends). With only one waitress there you can imagine the lack of service we got. In the end we had to wait 20 Min's for a box for my food and the check. As for the food, I ordered the house salad, which oddly enough contained raisins,but turned out to be really good. The house salad dressing was also good. My husband however ordered the "famous" minestrone soup. It was sad. Just some broth, a few veggies and a bean or two. Not what we expected. When we finally got garlic bread it was OK, but it was not fresh baked bread by any means. I felt I could buy that loaf at Smith's and call it good. Our main entrees where rather tasty. I ordered the Shrimp and Chicken Parmesan. Other then the shrimp being breaded and over cooked, it was yummy. The Chicken was not dry and their noodles and sauce were excellent. My husband devoured his meal. It had their three famous items: stuffed mushrooms, some covered in marinara sauce and others in alfredo sauce, lasagna baked in a pastry dough, and fettuccine alfredo.  He loved all three!  The decor of the place was left to be desired. They had some sad jars of stale pasta and broken neon signs around the restaurant.  Also, the tables had tiles grouted on them and you could totally tell they are not properly cleaned. Bits of food were wedged in the cracks of the table top. The topper was when my husband went to the bathroom and there were door mats underneath the urinals. The mats used to say welcome, but had been peed on so much they were very faded. He said it was extremely gross. Needless to say we will not be coming back. I feel with some care to the cleanliness, decor and minor menu changes this place could be what it once was.
5	This place is great! Service is excellent, quickly sat down, soup/salad came with dinner(minestrone is really good), food came out hot. I come here once a week at least =]
2	1st We used Living Social 2nd When we walked in the door, its smelled like stinky old carpet 4/29/133rd The waitress was Bad (Got wine and no bread, waited 20 min. No Bread? Said to the waitress: "Hey where is the bread?" Waitress:" Opps haha Im sorry I forgot" ..There was 2 other customers in the place? 4th Food was maybe 31/2 stars, Im being generous with my stars.....I wont go back....
5	I have been here multiple times over the years and am still not tired of it. Today I went in with a girlfriend for lunch. I ordered a spinach, mushroom, and bacon linguine, and she had a calzone milano (diced chicken, spinach, mushroom, alfredo sauce). We both enjoyed our entrees and had a GREAT time with our server Jonathon. My favorite things about Strings are:- the menu (they have the expected entrees such as Shrimp Scampi, Chicken Parmesan, Lasagna; but they also have other items like a Spinach and Pepperoni Penne Alfredo, and a Lasagna Pastry)- the service (fresh garlic bread and always the BEST and PERSONABLE servers)- 50% wine Mondays (always a good time with your girlfriends!)- Italian Cream Sodas (my favorite are raspberry, strawberry, and peach)I would recommend coming by, especially if you're picking up a friend from McCarran, it's down on Tropicana and Eastern.The venue is on the small side (hence Strings Italian CAFE) but its very comfortable and it can host a large dinner party if you call ahead.***The minestrone soup is different, so if you dislike cabbage please order the house salad instead. (All entrees come with soup/salad)
2	Not very impressed. As an Italian and in a family that owns a upscale Italian restaurant in Houston,TX....I was expecting more. SHouldn't have listened to the AroundMe App. Food was really blah, and the interior was pretty cheap looking. I would have been happier at Olive Garden, which is sad.
2	We ate there on Friday night, 5-10-13, one of us ordered meatballs and spagetti, well the meatballs tasted like canned dog food, they had no bread, no seasoning, nothing.We have eaten there many times in the past, my husband loves the veal parm.They really need to update the menu and learn to cook meatballs, and also the meat sauce leaves a lot to be desired.
1	Yuck.  Premade ravioli, premade tasteless goopy white sauce, premade tasteless red sauce.    I don't pay money for canned food with no seasoning.  Strings lost me as a customer because when I asked the waitress about it, she said corporate made them use the premade sauces.
4	It's been more than a year since my last outing here, and, happily, I found Strings to be back to its old fine form.  Complimentary Garlic Bread was as good as always.  This time the kitchen was just about out of Stuffed Mushrooms when I placed my order, but two remained, and I received them for free.  Again they were memorable mixed with a mild Marinara Sauce, a very faint Pesto flavoring, and nicely melted cheese.  Of 15 mussels cooked in an excellent, zesty, tomato-based Seafood Broth, 12 were good and 3 were bad (closed up).  But that was still a win, because in most establishments I have frequented, normally only 12 mussels are served.  This time a bowl of tomato-based Minestrone Soup was hot and very good throughout.  Rough Romaine leaves bathed in a creamy Caesar Dressing also evoked a happy response from me.  Thick Grilled Asparagus was much improved over the former thin and burned version.  A quite generous portion of thoroughly cooked Roasted Potatoes was served.  And, well-pounded veal medallions were delicious covered by a sumptuous and creamy Marsala Sauce.  A dessert of Exotic Bomba made with sherbet and very good Raspberry Sauce furnished a refreshing ending to a fine meal.Service by Robert and an Iced Tea Lady was excellent and friendly.  Even though other artificial sweeteners were on the table, I asked for Sweet & Low, and got it!  Seating was comfortable, and the ambiance was nice with the sounds of Louis Armstrong and Frank Sinatra piped in as background music.  It just seems that being out of Stuffed Mushrooms on a Wednesday night at 6:30 p.m. is much too soon for that to happen.  Better provisioning could have avoided this.  * * * * 1/2 stars overall!
5	Hubby and I have been frequent customers over a 10 year span and their food and friendly service has always been consistent and top notch. After having moved away from Vegas and back again we were happy to find that the food is still excellent and their garlic bread is sooooo so good.
5	Went here for the first time a few weeks ago with a friend who had been here before. I usually won't try small Italian joints (I'm an Olive Garden kind of guy), but once the complimentary garlic bread hit my mouth, I knew it was gonna be alright. It was pretty awesome! I ordered baked ziti with alfredo sauce topped with grilled chicken (which wasn't on the new menu, but our server hooked us up). Everything was excellent. Service was phenomenal. It felt like we were the only people in the restaurant! Needless to say, I will be back.
3	This place usually has good service. It is a little overpriced, they skimp on the pasta ( I repeatedly complain about this,.... it is so Un-Italian!) But the salad is wonderful and the bread fresh. The chicken and veal are both good. The coffee is good. It is good enough to go back or to check out but if you really want more authentic go to Sergios down the street. The atmosphere is kind of cute, it is not very big, if its busy you will hear everyone's conversation. Tables are close.
5	Some of the best italian food I've ever had.  Excellent waiter, wine, atmosphere, lighting, decor, it's quiet where you can actually have a conversation with people you're with, and the food is no less than splendid.  I've had the lasagna, the squid, the shrimp alfredo with some kind of reduction wine sauce that will knock your socks off, the bread is great and they deserve every star.  The sure do beat the hell out of casa di amore down the street!
1	First off, I have to say I'm saddened by my own rating... and I have to wonder if this place has changed hands and has new owners or something... because we've eaten here numerous times over the past 6-7 years and it used to be pretty good... I just never bothered with yelp until this year.  We hadn't visited in quite some time, partly because of a burnt calzone, and partly just because we just didn't think of it many times... but we decided to go again this time... and it wasn't a good experience at all!First off, we used to love their garlic bread, we used to ask for an extra basket... but this last visit, UGH!!  The bread wasn't even toasted like it used to be... it was mushy & soggy... and not just because it had puddles of butter on it. Usually, it's lightly toasted on top, a great light crispy golden brown... this wasn't toasted at all and if you picked up a piece & turned it over, the butter POURED off of it.  We each took one bite, and stopped eating it, and left the whole basket practically untouched!We ordered what we've ordered MANY times in the past... we wanted to SHARE a calzone, which is exactly how I ordered it, I said "We're sharing the pepperoni calzone."  When they brought it, we were surprised they cut it and split it onto two plates for us, we thought "how nice of them."  The calzone wasn't burnt at least, like it was last time, one reason it had been so long since our last visit.. but it wasn't great either... the sauce tasted totally different and it just didn't taste as good... so it was good, but not great.  It wasn't 'bad' per se, but I was disappointed... had that been our first time at that restaurant, i wouldn't have been back or ordered it again.  But it used to be great, which is why we came back occasionally.But what really angered us and was the final straw... when we got the check, they charged us $4 extra to SPLIT the calzone in half.  We asked our server, who barely seemed to speak or understand English btw, and she just said "sorry."  We thought about demanding a manager... but then we thought why bother, we won't be back, they can have the lousy $4, they must be desperate for it.  But on the way out, a male server seemed to see the frustration on our face, and we told him about that charge... he said "she should have told you that, if the kitchen cuts it, we charge that, if you cut it, we don't."  I said "she never said anything, we never ASKED you to cut it, we usually cut it ourselves & would have been happy to today... and it wasn't that great anyway."  He apologized and said he hopes we'd give them the chance to make it up to us.  We said "no, we won't be back."  If he really wanted to FIX it, he would have refunded that ridiculous overcharge right then!!  Plus it's sad they charge $4 for the kitchen to slice a calzone for us.  We also based our tip off the amount without that $4 charge... I tip on food & drink amounts, not on unnecessary up-charges!You would think they would be happy for ANY business & not charge people for something like that, which makes people less likely to dine there again.  The place used to be mobbed all the time, some years back, we had to wait for tables... but it was practically empty last nite, and is deserted many other times when we drive by.  But now we understand why.  Honestly we think they must have changed owners or something & chefs, because we didn't recognize anyone that we used to see all the time, and the food quality & flavors have changed and the service has gone downhill.  What a shame. :-(
5	We are a regular at this little fine establishment. We have been coming here for a couple of years now and always have enjoyed our food here. Laura is our waitress all the time when we come and my friends from out of town has to come here when they come to visit us. When people like friends and family come to visit they ask where is good and we recommend this place for good food. They give you all you. an eat salad cucumber salad soup and garlic bread you want too. We'll for us if you ask you will get, lol.I normally order the lasagna pastry which is one of there original  creations. which is a pastry lasagna layer and baked with red sauce and white fettuccine it is so yummy, but when not in the mood I order the fettuccine AlfredoBelieve me come and give them a try. You won't be disappointed
5	With so many choices in this town, we just never venture back to this place and I don't eat a lot of (heat and serve) pasta at restaurants.  That being said, we went here again after finding it many years ago....and it still has it.  Sad, we don't make it back here more.  I never think Italian for dinner.  My dad's side is from Sicily.  I am a pasta snob.  That being said, the Award Winning Combo....is well, award winning.  This is the only thing I get at this restaurant having eaten there maybe five times now.  My husband tries different things and they are always good as well, but I love the combo thing.  A lasagna inside a puff pastry.  A white sauce tortellini with mushroom and prosciutto.  and two stuffed mushrooms, one white sauce, one red.The bread basket..garlicky goodness and the house salad is awesome and I don't even like that kind of salad ever.  It is the bag lettuce kind, however their house made creamy Italian dressing (again, I don't ever eat Italian dressing) is great.  I love the combo of raisins and sesame seeds in salad.  I hate Olive Garden....eat here.  I believe they are family owned and have been in Vegas for a while.  I know this location has been here over ten years.  Always excellent service.  Can't remember if they still had the little red checked table cloths.  I know the first time we ate here, there was a table of old men in the corner and it so reminded me of my childhood and the men from the old country at family reunions.
1	This place is closed! I was escorted there last night to eat and even though the hours on the door stated they were open, everything was shut tight and totally empty.Don't waste your time going!
1	This restaurant is out of business.  Too bad, we have ate there many times and they were a great restaurant, excellent service and good food.However, they changed their phone number about a year ago and did not update on their website or anywhere, which was obviously a problem.Went by today, Friday and they were definitely closed for good.
