2	I hate to slag on this place since their location on West Flamingo is one of my go to spots.  But I gotta call it like I see it.  For reasons I won't go into..I'm vegetarian for the month of January.  I am pretty much hating it so far and I'm only 5 days in but I figured I would try this place out since they offer a few things the W.Flam location doesn't.  These things include gyros, beef shawarma and FALAFEL.  I got the falafel plate since the only alternative was a "falafel burger".  I would've ordered a falafel sandwich w/ pita had that been a choice.  The atmosphere is pretty much set up for people on the go.  I imagine people on conventions might get a quick bite here.  Drunk bastards/bitches would be fine here since they're open til 3am daily and all their furniture is plastic.  So I was a bit excited when they brought out my plate.  4 huge falafel balls along with the usual things Shish Kabob House offers like the roasted pepper and tomato.  But they don't include salad at this location and the rice isn't as good here.  My excitement completely died as I had my first bite .  Dry, bland..almost like eating an overdone oatmeal raisin cookie and it kinda crumbled like it too.  They also served a side of super thick kinda tzatziki sauce which didn't go too well with it.  I would have much rather had tahini or hummus but I am not shelling out $4.95 for a side order of it.  Really unsatisfying.  I have no question that their kabob menu is just as excellent as the original location but they shouldn't be serving falafel here.  The W. Flamingo location is better to go to..ambiance (even though they use folding tables), side salad with your entree and music from their country as opposed to Fuse TV playing at the strip location.I might be back here...but it'll only be for LAMB CHOPS!!!
4	There was a sweet lady behind the counter with the cutest accent.  She was helpful in recommending a combo plate since it was our first time there.  My co worker and I ended up getting the combo plate...it had pork chops, beef lula, regular beef and chicken.  On top of a large bed of rice.  Oh man, just $12 for this hearty carnivorous meal.  Comes with a grilled tomato and jalapeno for garnish.  I was only able to eat half.  Service was fairly quick.  We got ours to go, but atmosphere is fun and colorful.  If my feet didn't hurt, I wouldn't have minded eating there.  That day, I just wanted to get home in a hurry.
4	Nice place on the strip. Not expense at all (most, if not all meals are around the $10 price point). Good kabobs. Plate come with a choice of fries, salad or rice. Alot of food for the price. The jalapenos are fiery! Be warned!
1	The food is phenomenal. The prices are fantastic. The service stinks! Had only takeout from here @ work. Delivery can & does take anywhere from 45 minutes to 1 1/2 hours. The food arrives hot & delish. One day decided to get some take out on the way home since I had to pass it. Not greeted upon entering. Ignored while waiting. Finally they take the order. They will not give you a small cup of hummus/baba gannoush/eggplant caviar. It's appetizer size or nothing. Okay. For some insane reason (hunger) I waited for 35 minutes. No one bothered to tell me anything about my order, wasn't offered any water, 2 tables who arrived after me got their orders b4 me. That was it. Got up & left. I'm sure they gave my order 2 someone else. Of the 2 waitresses working the half full restaurant I'm not sure who was worse, surly witch or I can't b bothered with u now I'm chatting. Okay, so the food is really good & very inexpensive with nice portions...I could have made it faster myself at home (including shopping/marinating).
