1	You would think subways are subways, but the individual owners of each one makes a huge difference.  I've seen some just not have spinach because they were too cheap, some others have quit having certain cheeses.  This place is about as stingy as it gets.I got a normal 12" and I swear even the bread looked shorter.  They put my 4 pieces of meat and a little cheese down and handed the sandwich off.  I asked for spinach, she put 3 pieces, I said a little more please, she gave me 1 leaf, I said, more please, and she looked at me with some scared eyes and gave me one more leaf.  I think she was afraid of being fired for putting more than 5 leaves of spinach on the sandwich.  Same thing with tomatoes.  Finally I just said screw it, its not worth begging for veggies.  Told them to put it in the bag, I paid, I left, I will never be back.There is another sandwich store a couple doors down, do yourself a favor and just go there.  Don't think they have  a $5 footlong, but at least they'll give you what you ask for.
1	This is the worst sub way i have visited so far. Employees have no idea on how to prepare a sub. They just put little quantities of meat and other stuff on it and didn't even ask me if anything else was required. Even before i asked for the dressing i wanted he started wrapping it. Also by they time i reached my car i saw that it was wrapped so bad that it fell apart, as if i picked it up from trash. Will never step into this one again!
5	The reviews of this Subway were consistently bad. I avoided it for a month then thought that I was being silly.  I went into the restaurant and it was perfectly normal. A nice young lady named Ashley made me a very nice foot long spicy Italian sub on Italian herb bread and got me a dozen chocolate chip cookies. She knew how to make the sandwich and delivered it to me in a friendly,  polite,  and professional manner. I will be returning tomorrow for another wonderful sub.
1	Well today showed me again why this particular Subway receives consistently low ratings. I went in for a cold cut combo. It was prepared by one of the owners. I should've been paying greater attention to how the roll was sliced as the girl cut it all the way through instead of mostly as a sub should be cut. As it was it fell apart in my lap. Not good.  The woman also had no idea how to process a Subway gift card. It was one of those moments where you just shake your head and wonder at how some people are able to function.  Note to self, ask for Christina on the next visit.
