2	If you want attitude when you order your pizza, this is the place to go. Cheap prices in a questionable neighborhood for the greasiest pizza I've had in a long time. But it's definitely cheap and I can walk there. The star attraction at Paisano's is the man who works behind the counter. He grilled my group on our origins - we clearly aren't Pittsburgh natives. We didn't take it personally because he heckled everyone who stopped by. In Allentown, you meet some interesting characters, and this guy is one of them. So if you're craving a big greasy pizza, head over to Paisano's with your tough skin intact.
4	Called in for delivery and ordered a larger pepperoni with 12 hot wings.  Being rather brash myself, the guy on the phone sounded rather meek and hospitable.  The pizza was delivered in no time and was piping hot as were the wings.  The crust on the pizza was a little yeasty and a tad over-proofed, but it had decent flavor.  There was a little grease on it, but it had pepperoni on it.  I have NEVER had a pepperoni pizza that was not a little greasy.  I didn't get to eat the wings right away, but even though they were cold when I got to them the wings still tasted good.  Not really hot by my standards, more of a mild for me; but it may be too much for the regular Pittsburgher.  I will definitely be ordering from here again.  Feeding three people, it was much less than $10 per person with enough left for a fourth person.
5	For deliver in pizza in the Arlington/Mt. Oliver/Allentown area, this is as good as it gets.  Seriously good Pizza and reasonable delivery times.  They also make an item called the Spinach Roll that is the size of a calzone/stromboli and is filled with spinach and white cheeses that is delicious.  Their sweet and spicy wings are worth trying too.
4	The delivery was fast, the pizza was soft and gooey, and the wings were ubercrisp yet moist. What else ya wanna know? :) Order!
4	Had a small Italian hoagie and 4 cut pie. Price was good, food was ready in no time. I was looking forward to hearing from Mark (the guy I was warned about) but apparently it was past his bedtime. The pizza was what you would expect. Four cuts half pepperoni half extra cheese. The hoagie I asked for well done with what it normally comes with. From what I understand Mark makes the dressing himself.  It's pretty good. Service was the nicest part of Paisano's very friendly and helpful!
4	Delivery was fast and the pizza was great. If you're going to order pick up just know that there isn't a lot of parking. Other than that, the place was great. Highly recommended.
