5	LOT'S OF FUN!!!  If you're looking for a truly exceptional artistic experience, go to one of the Vino and Canvas events!
5	This is an outstanding event for friends, family or even a date night!  All of the supplies are provided, including an apron and the venues are great and provide tasty food and spirits.  The organization is very well done, if you have a group for one of the public events, you can email and they will set aside a table for you.  I am definitely looking forward to my next time.  It was a lot of fun as an amateur to create something that you can hang right in your home.
1	Not so fun and instead pretty stressful. The painting was way too detailed and complex for a 2 hour painting class. The lady running the class (not the artist- she was sweet) literally shut the lights off on us right at the time- 5 to 10 minutes to allow people to finish would not have killed her. They only gave us basic colored paints on one plate, so we spent much of our time trying to mix colors and trying not to have our colors run together. They also only gave us three crappy brushes to use. This was just far inferior to other painting classes I've been to like this. Spend a little extra and go elsewhere- it is worth the money to have more paints and unlimited use of brushes. Would not return...
4	Got this as a gift for my mother, through Groupon and we had the most amazing time!  The class was small, and intimate, so we were able to have a lot of one on one attention.  The other patrons were super friendly, and the wine was flowing, making everyone a little more relaxed and creative!  What a GREAT event!  We will most definitely be returning!!
5	Definitely a good time! I have done this with friends on several occasions, and we keep booking more :)Their website is a little difficult to navigate as far as the calendar, but the lady who runs these and the artists are always incredibly helpful (and of course, talented!). I wish they would do more events at Spokes on Southern, that was the BEST venue as far as location and drink options, but I do like the opportunity to try new places.
5	I've NEVER painted in my life but can draw a fairly good "smiley face"!   I went to the class alone, but did not feel the least bit intimidated!   I was looking forward to a new adventure and found the instructor/owner, and the artist to be very patient and ready to have fun with all of us.     All the participants seemed to be thrilled as we all left with finished products!   My husband surprised me and hung mine on the wall.     I will be attending more classes when I return in the Fall and may even host a home party!   How fun!!   I have already highly rec
5	Vino and Canvas is a paint party business that goes out to various eateries in the Phoenix area. Melissa, the founder, is often at the events. I have attended 4 so far this year, and am totally addicted! Its fun, affordable and let's you be creative with no pressure. Nancy is the only artist I've worked with so far, and she's great. If you enjoy being creative and meeting new people give it a shot, they're great!!
5	Totally amazing! Never painted a day in my life! Was fun, laid back and heck, who doesn't like a nice glass of wine while painted your latest master piece!!
5	Loved the entire experience. I love that you can bring or order wine to paint with your friends. They have an instructor who walks you through each step of the painting so you feel confident with your painting and can hang it on your wall. I'm looking forward to painting the Christmas tree in a forest painting next month.
5	Rox was a great instructor and she was willing to guide us individually whenever needed. The brushes were like new and not overly used like I have had at other painting venues. We had a group of 8 and we all had a great time and painted better than we ever thought we could. I would recommend Vino and Canvas to any group or individual that wants to get out and find their inner Picasso. Lots of fun!
5	I was invited by a friend who attended previous events.  I had a fabulous time.  It was a wonderful experience and very relaxing.  There's something so satisfying about mixing paint colors and applying the brush to the canvas.  I can't wait to try it again.  I want to share the experience with my family.
5	I have been to two Vino & Canvas events and I am always satisfied with the location, the painting, and the instructors! I think it is so awesome that they travel to numerous locations around the valley and offer these classes.  The bars/restuarants chosen are always classy and inexpensive options.  Each time I go I am happy with my drinks and food at the establishment chosen!The paintings are always fun! I love that you can use their event calendar to chose the paintings you want to paint! The paintings are the perfect balance of simplicity and complexity.  I would never want to pay for a class and end up with a shoddy painting! Instead I get a beautiful painting which friends and family complement me on! This is a great event for girls night out (or sunday day drinking/painting), as a date, or even to meet new people! The groups are always friendly and welcoming!The instuctors have always been great.  At times it can be hard to see what exactly they are doing but they walk around and help individuals too! The instructions giving are easy to follow and the canvas is very forgiving! I have seen some people stress over the instructions and not understand, but the point of the class is to really let go and get creative! This isnt a paint by numbers class.  You are provided with a couple basic colors on a plate and you are asked to mix them sometimes to make different colors.  This is part of the creativity, you make your own colors and even shades! The paint brushes are always clean and great quality!The only way they could make their events better is if they offered you protective covering for your cocktail or wine glass :) However ingesting a little paint hasn't hurt me!Thanks for being so awesome!
