1	I would give this company no stars for this review if I could! The technician named Jesse solicited us over the phone, asking us if we needed windshield glass repair. We did, so we agreed to go with his company because he promised us we would receive a $100 check back after we had our windshield replaced. That was about a month ago and we never got the check! I called and spoke to the sales manager named Jeremy, who was a complete sleazeball! He lied through his teeth, saying Jesse was a new tech and they never offer $100 checks, only $100 restaurant coupons. He didn't offer to fix it and issue the check as promised, he didn't say he would correct Jesse and tell him to stop lying to customers, he just wanted me off the phone. He must get complaints all day because he knew exactly what he wanted to say, and couldn't care less that we were lied to. Don't use this company! FYI...They also operate under the name Glass Service Center.I plan to file a compliant with the BBB and the Arizona - Consumer Fraud Division. They need to be held accountable for their promised lies!
1	Horrible! Look them up on bbb .many reports to them. Never again will I use them. Poor communication and they never follow up. Easy to call and get appt's, never follow through with promises.
1	Horrible service, sloppy install, and late for appt more than once.  They had to come out multiple times before finally I gave up.  To top it off they damaged my car and didn't tell me.  Stay away!
1	7/22/2014 This company installed a new windshield for me but I am not happy with the way they left my car. A different style of windshield than what I expected was installed without any tint across the top which my old windshield had. The installer, Scott, whose hands were covered in grease when he showed up to my house, left my car with grease spots on the leather seat, on my dash, on the windshield tags he removed and even the invoice slip. Unfortunately I didn't pay close enough attention since I was literally in the middle of moving and did not get to see my car immediately after or I would have made him clean up. Though that should not have to be something I should even have to worry about.
