5	Bank on this! The best Clark county credit union branch in Las Vegas. Convenient location  always very clean and the employees are always happy to serve you. That's the difference between a bank and a credit union, service, service, service. And with better rates than a bank you cannot go wrong! I'm not receiving nothing for this review, zit , nada, zero....although an extra zero at the end of my account balance would be great.
4	I have been a member since forever. It does have its low financing benefita. Must part of medical or govt issued jobs.. As well as privileged members of approved vendors/establishmenrs.
4	I've been a member of the credit union since I started working in the health care profession. The service is beyond friendly and the staff is always attentive and eager to help. Its nice and refreshing to come to a bank feel like they actually care about their customers and not just their customers money. The only gripe I have about the credit union is well... thats its a credit union ! I know that sounds kind of crazy but I miss some of the conveniences you have with a larger bank. Their closed on Saturdays and their website I think was built by a 8 year old but at the end of the day i'd much rather have a killer interest rate on my car loan than easy navigation on a website. Ohhh, and the dividends don't hurt either !!
1	I've been with them for 15+ years and never had any problems until now. With their new upgraded computer system, I can not get into my account on a regular basis. Today, I found out their collections department department cashed my CD of $20,000 bec. I was 2 payments behind ($900) and decided to pay off a loan I had with them WITHOUT my permission!! No one has called me back (although I've left messages with the manager and collections supervisor) except the clerk Skyler in collections who decided to do this on her own without my authority and agreement. Tomorrow, I will be pulling out the rest of my CD money bec. who knows where else they will decide to put my money.
1	this bank is bad on over draft accounts. If the funds are there wether in savings or checking why do I have to pay for overdraft fees.. They should transferred the funds automatically!!!! Highly upset and now having to wait for manager approval.. poor customer service!!!
2	Giving a two since the ATM fees were not that bad especially for LV.  However, this is the 1st time ever that I've been charged w/ an ATM fee by a supposedly Credit Union.  One of the biggest reasons I bank exclusively w/ Credit Unions is so that I don't get hit w/ these frivolous charges.  Oh well, another learning experience.
2	Chad offered to refund the fee, but I'd have to join his CC which does not make sense at all.  I live in CA, and I'm only in LV for a couple of days.  The rating stays and again this is more as a warning for tourists like me.
