2	Oh! New Walmart! I came here to pick up a few items, and wow was it hard to get in and out of this place. It's right next to Independence which makes it kind of scary getting out and turning right. This Walmart is brand new and it's not bad, but I've seen better especially the way the store was built and entering and exiting the store. Since they closed the Eastway location (which is really good because that store was super old) this is the substitute location for everyone. I didn't enjoy the stone floors when you first walk in, I saw it was a problem because it was raining when I walked in and it was slippery. They do need to put in some carpets in there.This layout of Walmart is like the one in University, so if you know that store than you will be a pro in finding things at this one.
2	I mean, its a Wal-Mart ya'll. The only thing different with this location is the pain getting back onto Independence, I can not imagine all of the brilliant car accidents that will occur with people trying to leave.
3	I'm not a regular Walmart shopper, but on occasion I know they have what I need and so to Walmart I go.For this location, yes, you turn right off independence into the parking lot (going east). I found a close parking spot in no time, entered and was pleasantly surprised by the cleanliness (how long will this last? only time will tell), knew the general section my item was in and found the section immediately, a few aisles later found my items, walked to express check out, had a nice chat with the woman behind me in line, paid, and out in under 10 minutes.For me, that's success at a Walmart. Had the stars aligned for me that day? Maybe. But when I only shop at Walmart a few times a year, I'll take it. All the aisles I passed had fully stocky shelves, employees actually had smiles on their faces, this is a nice step up from the one I used to visit on Wilkinson. If you need to go back west on Independence, there is a parking lot exit on Pierson that loops you back around (with plenty of signs to direct you).
3	3 stars for convenience for me. What do you do when they build a Walmart in your neighborhood?  After months of complaining about it there was nothing we could do Walmart was going to be there no matter what.  So make the best of it right!  I'm saving money on groceries and gas :)  This Walmart is new so as soon as you get inside your in good shape however try getting there in the first place.  The parking lot is a complete disaster, getting back onto independence is one of the biggest risks you might take in your life.  Overall it's a Walmart you know what to expect.
2	Walmart is Walmart. You know what to expect. This area did need a larger Walmart to replace the hovel that was on Eastway Drive but this location, because of it's location, is beyond terrible...particulary for people who are unfamiliar with the area. Getting in and out and figuring how to head west to go back towards downtown is a huge headscratcher for those who don't know. You gotta head to the "bottom" of the lot and hit Pierson Drive to get back. Expect major accidents in this area of Independence for those who risk their lives turning right (east) onto Independence exiting the parking lot.The parking lot is pretty ridiculous, too. Who designs these things? Right now, a large part of the garden center is taking up part of the lot and on the Independence Blvd side of it. It should've been located on the other side.The interior has everything you expect from a Walmart but it's so enclosed (hardly any windows) that it makes you feel like you're in a cinderblock warehouse. Floors are pretty slippery, too.Your pal,Walter
3	We got dried apricots, cherries and a Nestles crunch bar.  They open 6 am and close at midnight so Luis had to drive to the Walmart on Galleria to buy the fan after midnight:(
2	To be completely honest Wal-mart is wal-mart for starters.  Secondly,  This is by far the worst Wal-mart location in Charlotte, NC.  This is the worst because of the whole location and trying to travel in this little parking lot.  It is surprisingly clean.  If i didn't just move so close to this Wal-mart and so far from another one I would not go to this wal-mart.
2	Black Friday was a absolute mess and this Walmart was even more terrible!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! unorganized and everything!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I was really disappointed with this Walmart!!!!!!!!!!! The TV lines were in areas that prevented people from shopping in the store............All the products were in the aisles so if you had a push buggy then you were not very mobile.....
2	This Walmart store hasn't been open very long...maybe a year. I use it because it is in my neighborhood and saves me gas to shop there. I will say it is well lit, the parking lot usually has a security vehicle driving around the lot, but north times my vehicle was stuck, once with battery problem, once with a flat tire, the ''security'' man was unable to help me at all...zero. I had to walk home in the pouring rain one of those times, in the dark with 4 bags of frozen foods. The store is usually very clean. There are employees all over putting labels facing forward & stocking shelves, just don't ask them where anything is located. Often they don't acknowledge being spoken to or just walk away to another part of the store.#1 complaint is this store is ALWAYS OUT OF ITEMS...today it was lettuce for salads...ZERO in the refrig.veggie section. Also, this trip NO cat litter...except the El Cheap Walmart brand. Last week it was NO 2% milk...EMPTY refrig case all week...2 wasted trips to get milk!!! I mean....what's the problem??? I tried to find a manager and he was with another customer complaining about the lack of some other dairy product. I know he saw me waiting for him to finish then he exited quickly in the opposite direction and I gave up before I found him again. This is the 4th time I've had to go on to the Walmart Super Center @the Galleria and shop all over. IF they can't keep stocked with essentials we use daily, they need to shut this store OR find some management people who are on top of their game. I'm going to stop going to this store...it's too stressful and a hassle.
2	Walmart doesn't change much from one location to the next, and that is really part of their appeal, such as it is. This location really isn't much different in that regard.Where this location really falls down is the parking lot. Rather, leaving the parking lot. Getting into the lot is not difficult. Getting out is a nightmare. You can either leave by Independence and risk life and limb (and car), or you can exit by residential street, and end up getting on Independence in another direction, or wind your way through other residential areas and end up who knows where.There is, quite frankly, no way to get going in the correct direction if you want to end up headed in at least one particular direction. You cannot completely fault Walmart for this - it is like they took some cues from casino designers here, and the city let them. They really need to close off the outbound exit direct to Independence and create a way to get onto Albemarle to make it really accessible. In the meantime. there are other locations that are way more convenient.
1	This post is about the Subway in this Walmart. I had the craziest Subway experience EVER at this Walmart. First, the woman working had to run answer the phone which was no big deal since I wasn't in a rush, but then started cleaning after and left us standing there, while her co-worker took care of all the people in line behind us. Once we made eye contact she realized she'd left us standing there and came over to finish our order. Then, she asked us the same questions about the bread, cheese, toasting, and sub choice over and over again. Finally we get to deal with someone else when it comes time to put our toppings on, but little did we know that all of the workers were not properly trained. She loaded my sub so full that it was barely edible, and the sub was so drenched in oil and vinegar that I could smell it the whole way home-- THROUGH THE BAG! Haha I actually was laughing the whole time and couldn't believe how out of whack this place was but hey, it's Walmart. P.S. If the guy in front of us reads this, I hope you didn't eat all that mayo!
4	For someone who shops at Walmart (University/Albemarle road) at least twice a week, I rarely come to the one on independence. Sunday must have been my lucky day. I was able to find a parking space. I found the food I needed.Shockingly: There were more lines open than people to fill them.I was so impressed by her customer service. I'll go here again. Go Walmart.
2	Every time I come here (seriously, every single time), there are cops out front. Usually, multiple cars. I'm not sure if I should feel safe or be concerned.It's a Walmart. They are pretty much all the same. You can find pretty much anything here. This location is kind of tricky to get in and out of it because it's on Independence Boulevard. If you're not paying attention, you can very easily fly by it. If you're not careful leaving, you may get mowed over by traffic.Every time I ask for help looking for something, I end up on a strange scavenger hunt all over the store. So, I tend to just search it out on my own. The workers are usually nice, though. Check the Walmart website. I've found you can get a lot of things cheaper online than you can in the store itself. They also have items online that are not available in the store.
