4	Great service, an excellent alternative to standing in line at the post office. Helped me pack and ship lots of breakable items, all arrived safe sound and on time. Copiers are outdated but work great for a quick copy, just not a big job- no color either. They have mailbox rentals and also sell greeting cards. The man there is quite knowledgeable and great to chat with!
5	Mail n Office is great. Packages always arrived on time, never had anything arrive damaged. Staff is friendly :) Much quicker than going to the post office.
5	This is a great mail store. I'd prefer to stop in here over the post office any day! The service is great and they get you in and out in minutes. I've been going here for years for all my postal needs and I've never seen the line longer than 3 people. For that alone, I will continue to go here.
5	I needed to mail a package over lunch, and I didn't want to go to the post office. Of course, I turned to Yelp and found this little shipping store within walking distance of my office.It's located on the west side of the AJ's center, right next to Samurai Sam's. There wasn't a line so I was in, out and on my way. Quick, easy and hassle-free.
5	My wife needed me to mail something for her while she was at work. I absolutely did NOT want to go to the Post Office, especially during the Holidays. Thankfully, Mail N Office was just around the corner!When my daughter and I walked in, we were immediately greeted by the employees behind the counter. I've been to mailing facilities before, but NEVER have I been greeted by ANYBODY. Usually, both the employees and clientele are extraordinarily unhappy. Not at this place. So, immediately, we were put at ease.I brought the item to be shipped to the counter, and the woman went out of her way to make sure that we were getting the best value. She explored several different options for us, ultimately giving us a bevvy of choices for both price and arrival time.As she was finalizing the address and other information for the item we shipped, I had the opportunity to take a look around. This place truly does just about ANYTHING you could possibly want in the way of parcel services. Not only that, but they also offer  specialized services like notary, key cutting, and even A/V conversion and duplication http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/aFvRAlnAGhDPS4XT1XvfCg?select=1EiB0R7a47bd4DMWicbbqA#N-EIVy6yf1OOZv4zf4pllQ!They, of course, offer mail box services, and they have quite a few from which you can choose http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/aFvRAlnAGhDPS4XT1XvfCg?select=1EiB0R7a47bd4DMWicbbqA#s2hI27tXMJVcD1yU0XS5hg. I'm not necessarily in the market for this type of service, so I didn't ask for pricing on mailbox rentals. Though, if this is something you might need, rest assured, Mail N Office can help you out.If you are like me, and you didn't actually bring a box to ship your particular item, don't sweat it. There a few sections where you can choose from any number of boxes and/or envelopes to send your package on its merry way http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/aFvRAlnAGhDPS4XT1XvfCg?select=1EiB0R7a47bd4DMWicbbqA#6AmBAdl8aJsMqNTimMABQg.As we walked out, a few extra services caught my eye. For example, if you need to have your package wrapped, consider it done http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/aFvRAlnAGhDPS4XT1XvfCg?select=1EiB0R7a47bd4DMWicbbqA#eResJXsjKlMh8QZMUqY7kw. Do you need to purchase packaging materials? You can do that here, too http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/aFvRAlnAGhDPS4XT1XvfCg?select=1EiB0R7a47bd4DMWicbbqA#iVk9_anmTCuXIvFo7CJt7A. Do you need a new passport photo? Guess what? They do that, too http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/aFvRAlnAGhDPS4XT1XvfCg?select=1EiB0R7a47bd4DMWicbbqA#lTk3ixYJMs_RbFwXOPdO2w!Suffice it to say, if this place is within your radius, you don't ever have to worry about that depressing and miserable feeling you get from standing on line at the Post Office!
1	I hate this place... and they only reason I go there at all is because I work in the same shopping center.  The owner is so rude and it seems like everything is a hassle for her...  I have been going in there for over a year, but after today... im done.
1	Horrible customer service!! I called to speak with the owner and a young gentleman answered saying he was the manager. I expressed to him my concern for not having "Fragile" stickers for shipping. He explained that he was not responsible for those stickers and to purchase some at Staples. He said they make no money off sending packages when you prepay online. Have you ever heard of monetary value? It may cost you 2 cents to help a customer, but it keeps the customer coming back!! He then hung up on me. What a loser!!
5	Nice helpful Staff! I would give them 6 Stars if I could! The Manager Andy always greets us with a smile. If you are interested in a mailbox or just shipping a package, this is the place. Thank you Mail-N-office.
4	This place is where we get our Scottsdale mail. There isn't a lot. We have been using this office for several years but that mostly means getting our books from Amazon. There is fax service when I need it and I have used this office for overnight service with UPS and FedEx. I find the staff, including the owner, to be friendly and helpful.
