4	I have mixed feelings about Sirio. On one hand, the pasta apps were incredible. On the other hand, the service was pretty bad. But the entrees were delicious. But it was also expensive. I don't know what to think.We started off with a truffle and four cheese ravioli, a gnocchi dish, and the spaghetti in meat sauce. Delicious, the highlight of the meal by a long shot. Oh, backtrack. We had an antipasto dish before the pasta; meats and cheeses. Was awesomely delicious but a bit too pricy for what it was.I had the pancetta wrapped swordfish as an entree. It was painfully meh, but I did try the amazing veal scallopine from one friend, diver scallops from the other. They were much better than my dish.Long story short, the food was fine. Nice atmosphere, kinda crappy service. The wait staff wasn't as attentive as they should have been, and although the restaurant is new, some of the waiters didn't seem trained to answer specific food questions, so I'll gripe about that for now :)Solid restaurant, will go back solely for some of the apps.
2	I was pretty disappointed in our Sirio experience.  I wanted to book a table for after the Viva Elvis show - the only option was 9:30, though when we arrived the restaurant was at least half empty.The hostess was friendly but told my husband they had a "no hats" rule in the dining room. Had this been a baseball cap, I would have understood.  However, we were easily the most dressed up clientele in the restaurant, and how his bowler would have offended the half-empty room of casually dressed folks was beyond me. It wasn't a good way to start the experience.The staff was incredibly attentive - almost irritating, in fact. We received a wine and cocktail list and were repeatedly nagged about taking an order.  I finally had to emphasize that we needed a few minutes to actually read the menu, and seeing the food menu would be nice, too. That said, our waiter did recommend a couple Italian wines by the glass which were reasonably priced, delicious, and exactly the flavour profile we described.In my opinion, the food is over-priced.  A basic caesar salad was $16, first course pastas anywhere from $15-$17, and the main course pastas were in the mid $20s. Meat entrees were mostly in the $35-$50 price range.The focaccia that came to the table was very good, but the deep dish of oil & vinegar they provided made it impossible to get a good bite without drowning the bread in the pool of oil to get at the vinegar. The caesar salad was tasty.The four cheese and truffle ravioli, however, was not cooked when I received it.  I hated to be "that girl", but it was far beyond al dente so I had to send it back.  And while the waiter was very gracious about it and delivered a properly cooked version of the dish, I still found it to be incredibly bland and without any hint of truffles.  The asparagus sauce on top was lovely - it turned out to be a great compliment to the bread. For a $22 starter portion I expected much more. My husband was happy with his spaghetti and meatballs, but they were nothing remarkable. The dining room is very modern and nice looking, but I am puzzled about the perpetual references to "fellini-inspired" decor. There is a big dome that looks a lot like the Death Star in the middle of the room, though.The waitstaff was very friendly, but the food was such a major disappointment I didn't even bother to order dessert (which is a rarity for me).  I'd say give this one a miss, or give them 6 months to get the kinks worked out.
1	this place is too expensive and all dishes are kid portion. our bill was 245.00 for 2 persons with out alcohol. our favorite dish  was a  38.00 small size pizza. don"t expect us coming back. we rather go to st. regis  for sunday brunch buffet for 69.00 per person. now, i know how it feel like to be robbed
4	This is a very nice, informal, trattatoria style Italian Restaurant in the Aria Hotel section of City Center. We had a large party and the staff quickly pushed three tables together to accommodate us. They must have worked out the bugs because, unlike other reviews here, the service and food were excellent. We started with apps. We went for the seafood platter and finished it off with a couple of entries of the fresh made pasta with meat sauce that they divided into app portions. The shrimp on the platter were a little overcooked and rubbery, but the oysters were very good--just the right hint of salt. For the entre, I threw the crew a curve ball and they hit it out of the park! I asked if they could make Veal Saltombocca since they had all the ingredients listed on otter dishes. I got a thumbs up after the waiter checked with the kitchen. IT WAS GREAT! Not as good as Piero's, but excellent non the less. Everyone else in the group also agreed that their food was very good to excellent and we all raved about how well the service went. It was a fabulous meal. It will be seen how well this restaurant does--along with the several others around it. The crowd on this Wednesday night was okay. The crowds at City Center in general were light. I would give this place a shot. Very good!
4	tasty pizza!!! (mushrooo, marscapone, spinach and truffle oil!!!! YUMMMMMMMMmM) rolled spaghetti with 3 meat ragu--the sauce was AMAZING but, i like my pasta a bit more al dentegreat, knowledgeable servers
5	We visited this restaurant twice during our 4 night stay in Vegas.  It was so good the first time that we went again, for a late-night bite.The Sommelier (TJ) was very well informed and his recommendations were right on the mark.  And the wines weren't that expensive. Our truffle tasting of tagliatelle with white truffles and risotto with black truffles were just the right portion and the flavors unbelievable.  My husband's  osso buco was not the typical heavy dish.  Instead, it was a fresh, light, flavorful entree.  The veal Marsala melted in my mouth.  We shared a limoncello panacotta which was light and served artistically. We went back 2 nights later and had a light  supper consisting of a pasta sampler of spinach  ravioli and a Bolognese-type linguini as well as an antipasti of prosciutto (not from Parma) and a truffle cheese which was accompanied by  two fabulous, fruity sauces.  The suggested wines were once again wonderful.The wait staff team of Ramondo and Ken were attentive and a lot of fun. For the quality of the food and service, I thought the price was reasonable.
1	Sirio? Seriously? (Sorry, I couldn't help it...)In a city with lots of wanna-be Italian restaurants, this place just doesn't cut it.  It is WAY too Americanized but yet they make airs about being authentic, and it just comes out disappointing.  (For the record, I don't have a problem with Americanized Italian food as long as they don't pretend they are something else.)  For the price you pay, you can have a much better meal elsewhere in Vegas.The Caesar salad was awful.  It had obviously been sitting in the refrigerator for a while; it was ice cold with cold water at the bottom of the bowl.  The dressing had no taste whatsoever.  And for $14, I expect them to take out the brown bits of lettuce, please...I asked for a recommendation for a pasta dish, and they recommended the home-made spaghetti with meat sauce.  It tasted fine, but the square spaghetti pasta was a little clumpy in parts, and the meat sauce was overwhelmingly greasy.Joe ordered the stuffed salmon cooked medium.  It came out very overcooked; the salmon was dry.Go somewhere else.  There are lots of other good restaurants on the strip.
1	To start on a positive note, ambiance and space was beautiful.  But that can only get you so far.With a large group, we made it a point to make a reservation, and were guaranteed numerous times (over the phone and face to face) to be out of the restaurant in time for a show held in the same hotel only footsteps away.  Even with reiterating the fact that we had to be out of the restaurant in a timely fashion, the service was atrocious, from hostess to manager.  We were unable to eat our dinner before the show.  When we had to leave before finishing (or really even starting!) our meals, the manager was suddenly no where to be found, causing a few to miss the beginning of the show.  Therefore, I would NOT recommend trying this out as a pre-show dinner spot, and don't plan on going back!
5	My gf and I stumbled into this place after wandering around aria (it was our first time at aria) looking for a place to eat.  The restaurant presentation was really nice, being that it was Valentine's day evening, the whole area was seated with other couples as well.  She had a caesar salad and some sort of angel hair pasta while I opted for the fettuccine alfredo.  The caesar salad was all right, it wasn't anything spectacular.  It didn't take that long for our pastas to arrive after but when we got them we were extremely impressed by the tastiness of both of them!We didn't get any dessert since both of us were way full from eating the pasta (and even more from our entire weekend), but the whole experience here was memorable and I would return again in the future.
5	A delightfully-refined restaurant.  Sirio is a very upscale Italian restaurant.  It is expensive, but not overpriced.I had been successful at the tables shortly before, so I treated my parents and brothers to a dinner here.The waitstaff has spectacular service and their wine specialist is, to date, one of the most informed wine specialists I've ever had.I had the filet served medium rare and it was delicious.  The waiter hesitated when taking orders from others who wanted their filets medium.  Solid.Appetizers were the Calzone Porcini E Rughetta and Gnocch i Al Pesto Genovese, Gamberi E Fagiolini.  There weren't huge, but VERY flavorful.For an upscale restaurant in Vegas, this one is a solid bet.  It's pricey, but classy.
2	My overall experience: * I liked the furnitures, settings * prompt and friendly service * all of our entries were too salty, two of us sent food back * they made a mistake in charging us extra for food that were sent back * did not apologize or try to comp the bad dishes * I left without eating most of my food
3	We enjoyed a homemade pizza with rapini and Tuscan sausage. Great thin crust and really fine flavor. Also, our salad had some of the best cucumbers we had ever tasted. The atmosphere is quite nice. Here are the drawbacks: the prices. As most have noted the prices are a bit high, but at least it's very good quality. Second: the service. While there were loads of servers in the dining room, it took nearly an epoch to get our check.
3	Sirio give off the feel of being a chain restaurant with dishes that are in almost every italian restaurant. They dont even offer real balsamic vinegar with the bread. My choice of entree was a new york steak that was well over done when I requested it medium rare. The servers where way under staffed to even ask if I could get a new one at proper temp. I would suggest passing on this one.
1	This is the first time we stayed at Aria. And I want some Italian food. It's was my birthday and my friend informed them but no free cake and no even any happy bithday greeting for me. I got a pasta dish and it was ok but overpriced. My friend got the special, seabass ($50). And it was bad, I meant how can seabass cooked bad, but it was absolutely no taste. I was so disappointed. This was the most expensive meal during our 3 days trip but the wrost one for sure. Don't waste your money.
4	Visited opening week and was pleased.  We told our waiter that we really enjoyed our meal, and he said, well why don't you tell him... as he pointed to Sirio sitting next to us with his wife.  We did, and Sirio recommended I keep a close eye on my fiance'  Awwwww
4	Great options beyond Italian. Had tasting menu. $85 was worth it. Excellent wine selection. Tasting menu came with 5 courses + dessert. Portions were good.
4	We found this place by asking a bartender next to the casino floor in Aria.  I was in need of something delicious and filling since I hadn't had a bite to eat in 24hrs. I started with a caprese salad which the waiter split in two for me and my dining partner. For my entree, I decided pasta would be great to carb load for all the energy Vegas nights require.  I ordered the gnocchi which came with shrimp and green beans in a basil pesto sauce. It was delicious!  Soft,  perfectly cooked pillows of gnocchi and tender shrimp bathing in warm pesto! We were looking at the wine list and I was disappointed that the Sommelier did not come over and lend us some of his knowledge.  We ended up picking a wine based on the waiter's advice, it tasted watered down...  We were sad.  Afterwards, we grab the attention of the Sommelier and choose a different wine.  Then we were happy.  The food, Maitre D', and our waiter were great!  I had a fun time with everyone here even though I was dressed casually (tank top, skirt and flip flop sandals) and wasn't treated like I wasn't good enough to be here.  I would have loved to give it 5 stars but the whole wine thing bothered us.
2	Not impressed. Not impressed at all. I took my girlfriend here for a nice birthday dinner. We were staying at Aria and didn't really want to stray too far from our hotel. We both enjoy Italian, so we gave this place a try. If you want a less expensive and FAR superior Italian meal in Las Vegas, check out Sinatra at Encore: http://www.yelp.com/biz/sinatra-las-vegas#hrid:rnkEGisVOgrcGkJ_QoNCIQThey say the dress code is business casual, they must use Steve Jobs' definition because there were several people in the main dining room wearing blue jeans and t-shirts, and not the fancy going-out kind either, think of a Vegas IT business convention nerd's after-hours clothing. Considering I was wearing a shirt, tie, and khakis, I thought it was very uncool. For an appetizer we chose three items from the "display." Grilled eggplant, italian sausage, and some truffle-infused cheese. Of these the most disappointing was the sausage. It was literally nothing more than three deli-meat slices of mortadella. It was not at all worth the $12 that portion of the appetizer cost. The cheese was paired with some nice fruits and a sweet sauce that were a nice complement, though. I was disappointed that, at an Italian restaurant, they did not have a Valpolicella wine offered by the glass. I did have a very nice Super Tuscan recommended by the waiter to pair with my entree. For our main courses, I had the $48 Colorado Rack of Lamb. She had the ricotta ravioli. Hers was decent, a strong, bold, flavor from the ravioli and the accompanying butter-based sauce, but nothing spectacular. My rack of lamb was inconsistent. It started nice, but its pistachio crust overpowered the taste of the lamb at times. It was also inconsistently cooked. The first chop was a nice medium, the second was closer to medium-well. I don't know how the two large pieces were inconsistently cooked, but it was disappointing. We didn't have dessert because nothing jumped off of the page to us, but they did wish my girlfriend a happy birthday and presented a complimentary assortment of petit fours and biscotti. The overall atmosphere of the restaurant was interesting, but nothing special. I agree with an earlier reviewer referring to the "Death Star" protruding from the ceiling. One thing that was odd was a solid 50-60% of the restaurant was empty. The people who were there were put into the same section, which made it much louder than it should have been. Spread us out a little bit so we can enjoy our meals! The music could use some work too, or at least a few more songs in the playlist. The hour and a half we were there, we heard Bobby Darin's "Beyond the Sea" twice. The wait staff was friendly and knowledgeable, but nothing special. In summary: We experienced much better for less money in Las Vegas, and you can too!
4	Great food, beautiful setting.  The service was truly the standout here though.  Our waiters were engaging, funny and attentive.  Our sommelier was excellent and helped us choose excellent wine pairings too.  Walk around Aria and look at beautiful people as well.
2	This review pertains to the summer tasting menu.The Skinny: surprisingly weak in the flavour department, poor execution, and lack of a clear thought process make this place a no-go (2.5) service is quite good in the restaurant (4) value: given the quality, $42 per person is pretty ridiculous (1).We were originally going to hit up American Fish for their happy hour but unfortunately they were closed. We stopped by Sirio due to their appealing summer menu offerings.My husband and I both ordered the summer menu which consisted of beef carpaccio, mixed green salad with goat cheese, apple and candied hazelnuts, mushroom ravioli and the roasted chicken with asparagus, artichoke and mushrooms.The beef carpaccio (aka "where's the beef" carpaccio) was overwhelmed with arugula, capers and cheese - not much beef on the plate. The beef lacked adequate seasoning and was surprisingly dry. The dish really needed more of the citrus oil to moisten the meat and add flavour.The mixed green salad was astoundingly bland given the number of ingredients. The apple in the dish was tasteless as if dunked in water for too long. The champagne vinaigrette was indiscernible. Goat cheese had no goatiness (in a good kind of way) or even saltiness.The only thing in that dish that imparted some sort of taste were the lovely scattering of candied hazelnuts.Ravioli, in my mind, was more than al dente - it was definitely undercooked. The filling which was supposed to have mushrooms in it was overwhelmed by the thyme inside and had no mushroom flavour whatsoever.Albeit, the skin of the chicken was nice and crispy, the breast was dry and overly salty. The lemon in the glaze did not work well with the wine reduction used in the sauce. The sauce was unpleasantly odd and overwhelmed the vegetables. You couldn't taste the mushrooms, asparagus and artichokes. It was a very unsuccessful dish.Finally dessert. I looked for redemption on the last course of panna cotta and gelato/sorbetto selection. What I found was the complete lack of thought in these dishes.The panna cotta was okay - perhaps a little too much on the gelatinous side but fine. When served over the berry soup, the sweetness of the panna cotta made the berry soup overly sour. The same thing happened with the gelato and sorbetto. They served vanilla bean gelato with two sorbets - passionfruit and peach. When you took a bite of gelato then taste the sorbet, your mouth puckered like you emptied a bag of Sour Kids in there. Individually, each ice cream was okay...it's just the combination made no sense. There was obviously very little consideration put into composing this dish - a recurring theme at the restaurant.Given the poor quality and exorbitant pricing, this place rates a 2.
3	Service and ambience were excellent!  Food was okay - perhaps it was the dish I ordered, who knows.  The desserts however were oustanding!!!!   This is a very nice Italian restaurant at the Aria Hotel.  Front of the restaurant is a more casual bar like atmosphere, and then the inside is the more formal area.  Definitely need reservations.  Full menu and the prices were what you expect for a fine dining type Italian place.  I had the Linguine with clams.  It wasn't bad but it wasn't something that I went WOW over.   And the beef carpaccio... eh.  No flavor.  However my friend ordered a veal carpaccio... it was on special.  Now that was pretty good!!!    The best part of the meal... DESSERT!   All of the dishes we got were oustanding!  First a chocolate souffle... amazing!  Then there was a coffee panacotta.  Excellent too.  And Fried chocolate.  Yes, fried chocolate.   It was little fried chocolate balls.  Essentially, breading on the outside and gooey chocolate on the inside, served with a berry sorbet!  To die for!!   All in all, a nice place.   But I've had better Italian.
3	Restaurant week!My good friend Rhonda W. and I stopped in at Sirio for the Restaurant week. I met her at the bar, where she was finishing up her lemon drop martini ("tasty") and I tried the truffle popcorn they provide as an alternative to bar nuts. The popcorn was good and had a good truffle flavor.The service was excellent. The hostesses and waitstaff were all very attentive and friendly. Cocktails:I had the Sirio Bellini made with blood orange and sparkling wine.Appetizer:I had the prosciutto with cantaloupe. It tasted pretty good.My friend had the signature Insalata Caprese Con Peperoni Arrostiti (Buffalo Mozzarella, Tomato, Basil, Roasted Bell Pepper). It turned out to be a big ball, the size of a tennis ball, sitting in a thin layer of sauce. It didn't taste bad, it just wasn't a very appetizing appetizer. Who wants a big ball of cheese in this situation?2nd course:I had the grilled 10oz beef NY steak with a dijon demi glaze, sauteed spinach and tuscan fries. The steak was cooked to my liking, and the sauce and sauteed spinach were delicious. The tuscan fries were basically potatoes cut into thick french-fry looking pieces. Not actual french fries like I was expecting.My friend had the pan-roasted sea bass in a potato crust, with braised leeks, asparagus, and crustacean sauce. She liked it and enjoyed the crust. Dessert:We both ordered the tiramisu. It was pretty good. I liked how it differed from most by having a nice thin layer of hardened chocolate on the very bottom. And it was accompanied by hazelnut gelato.Overall, the restaurant week menu gave us a general idea of this restaurant. The food was overall pretty good, but for the price you pay, I'd rather go somewhere else.
4	I was attending a conference at the Aria and one of the vendors at the conference had a "customer appreciation lunch" at Sirio. We had a set menu of baby field greens salad, grilled sea bass with roasted zucchini, potato gnocchi with string beans and basil pesto, grilled beef tenderloin in a barolo-roasted garlic sauce with melted stracchino cheese and asparagus gratin, and Sicilian-style pistachio cannoli. I mentioned to our server that I couldn't eat the beef (I'm vegetarian), so I was served an extra serving of the bass. The salad was good-- not drenched in dressing. The sea bass was tender and flaky-- perfectly cooked. The potato gnocchi was nice and doughy. The crunch of the string beans added a different texture to the gnocchi, which was nice. The cannoli was huge-- at least 6 inches long. Not the most elegant dessert to eat, but it was tasty. We watched the pastry chef prepare the cannoli from the kitchen while we ate. The lunch was only an hour, but the servers kept the pace of the meal going. I'd have to say this is one of the best meals I've had at Las Vegas at the Aria.
4	We ate at Sirio during a recent trip to Las Vegas.  We were unsure after reading the reviews but decided to  try anyway. The service was exceptional. We started with the beef  carpaccio which was delicious. My husband had the Fettuccine alfredo with chicken and really enjoyed it. I had the Lobster ravioli with Brown Butter sauce and it was amazing. We ended with the Creme Brule trio which was excellent. Our bill was $130 for this meal with taxes and we each had one cocktail ( not wine) Very reasonable for a nice meal on the strip.
5	Holy Mary mother of Guadeloupe! While staying at the Aria we made reservations to this place since we were craving some good Italian. Wow, we were amazed. We ordered a 2 meat 3 cheese appetizer with truffles! They were amazing, not a must but defiantly awesome! The four meals ordered were; veal Oso Bucco, Pork porterhouse, handmade spaghetti with meat sauce, and a Tuscan pizza. That night I ate one of the best things I have ever had. The 24 ounce pork porterhouse for only $40. I have never had a pork porterhouse, but I have been missing out. As soon as it came one of the workers came up to us and proceeded to explain the porterhouse, showing us the NY portion and pointed to the filet and said "that's dessert" we kinda laughed. Once we bit into it it was very clear what he meant. It was one of the best dishes I have ever had. My other favorite was the Veal Oso Bucco, it was great, it came with saffron risotto. The marrow what awesome! Another amazing thing was the service, it was out of this world! They have the best sommeliers. There was not one person who did more than one thing. I would come here time and time again, especially for that porterhouse!
4	I was in Vegas with a group of friends 2 weeks ago and had dinner here on Friday night. the atmosphere was super. reservations are strongly recommended. The service was good. I would definitely come back to eat here next time in Vegas. Appetizer: Misticanza al balsamicoBaby Field Greens Salad, Balsamic Dressing, Tomato, CucumberEntree:  ravioli di ricotta e spinaci alla modadi 'mamma egi'Egi's Ravioli of Sheep Milk Ricotta, Spinach, Swiss Chard, Sage-Butter Sauceafter all this food there really was no room for dessert.  The pasta was very fresh. super meal!
2	Luckily we were with great friends, this place is nothing special. Skip it.
3	Great serviceBeautiful placeBAD: Lasagna & VealGREAT: yellowTail TarTar & Eggplant & Ravioli
5	Sirio, named after the founder of the Le Cirque family of restaurants, is one of Aria's new fine dining restaurants.  The last time I was there, it was right when they received their shipment of the season's first fresh white truffles.  Naturally, their specials reflected this.  In fact, at the request of the proprietor who we were dining with, we had a white truffle pizza as an appetizer.  It was just wonderful, so much so that I almost wish that more pizza places could carry it!My dining companion and I couldn't decide who should get the white truffle risotto and who would get the Australian Wagyu fllet in a white truffle foie gras demiglace, so we decided to just split both!  The risotto was so rich, and the taste of the truffles matched perfectly with the parmesan (I think, can't quite remember).Now, this steak... Let me try and explain it.  If you didn't tell me that this steak was Australian Wagyu, I would have seriously suspected it.  It was almost soft enough to cut with a spoon.  THAT is how tender it was.  It had a light but full flavor, and the strong white truffle foie gras demiglace complemented it immensely.My entree went well with a Bushmills 16 year old.  I was lucky that I was eating during the time of the year permitted the theme of the meal to be White Truffle.  Their reputation is well deserved, just as well deserved as the accolades Sirio Ristorante has and will receive.
4	Filet di manzo and the tiramisu are sooo good mmmmm.... our waiter was knowledgeable enough when it comes to wine. i rate it 4 star because the food is kinda pricey but as what as my hubby said its worth every penny.
3	we wanted some good italian food and since we were staying at the aria, we decided to try the sister restaurant to le cirque.  the dining area is very elegant and the service compliments the suaveness of it.the food ranged from average to excellent which was a bit disappointing.  we split the caprese salad and it was decent except for the roasted red peppers which felt out of place.for our mains, she decided to go for the risotto w/ white alba truffles and i went for the rack of lamb in a pistachio crust w/ semolina gnocchi.  she had high expectations for the risotto and they fell flat.  it was cooked a bit too al dente to here and unfortunately they used truffle oil along with the truffles.  the oil over powered the taste of the truffles which were excellent on their own.  the rack of lamb on the other had was quite good.  i asked for it medium and it came out closer to rare in some parts.  the crust was quite good too.  the gnocchi provided some nice texture to the dish and was cooked very nice with a pillow like texture.she opted out of dessert and i almost did to until i read that they had a strawberry souffle.  never had heard about a strawberry souffle so i had to try it.  what we got was a very well executed souffle that had great flavor.  the souffle held together well and the strawberry flavor worked perfectly.  not to be missed!we enjoyed it overall but as we'd rather try some place new rather than coming back and trying sirio again.
3	We visited this restaurant a year ago and gave it 5 stars.  Recommended it to so many people. So we were looking forward to another spectacular evening. Unfortunately, something has slipped there.  We once again shared a black truffle risotto and white truffle tagliatelle "tasting" ($69). it was spectacular, as we had remembered.  And our antipasti was wonderful again.  But the entrees were disappointing.  I had the dover sole, finished table side.  It was very dry, and boring. My husband's pork was uneventful.  We since found out that the GM who was there a year ago is no longer there.  So maybe that has something to do with it?  The wines were very good, however, recommended by the sommelier.  Next time, we'll most likely try another Italian restaurant.
2	The food was good. the prices were high.  We ate the rissotto with truffles, osso buco, lasagna, ravioli, caprese salad, and semi freddo to name a few.Having said that, the service was horrific.  It took a long time for the waiter to come over. It took him a long time to come back.  The wine steward came over as soon as we sat down but before we had decided if we wanted to have wine or not - she never returned.  There was no bread at the table or water in our water glasses until we asked.  When we ordered our food they didn't ask everybody if they would like a drink and almost left before we said wait, because we hadn't had anyone come by for drink orders before.  They switched wait staff on us a few times.  While eating, a hand would routinely come over my shoulder and clear some of the table in front of me.  They asked one person if they wanted coffee after dinner, that person said no and the waiter left the table instead of asking other people.  The waiter disappeared for about a half hour after dessert. We couldn't get our check. We asked another waiter to send ours over. We watched him tell our waiter to come over. We watched our waiter ignore it. We had to ask the hostess to get the waiter.  Finally the check came and the waiter, who liked to sprinkle Italian words into his English, addressed us as "ragazzi" or "boys."  I'm not old, but, I'm not a boy either.  For a tab that was about $500 we deserved much better.
4	Bravo!  Our reservations at Jean George were misplaced and we ended up getting into Sirio - what a wonderful mistake!  We started with the antipasta and let our waiter do the choosing.  It was delicious.  As for the main course... I am only able to speak for myself as I did not really try anyone else's dish.  Mine was TOO good to combine flavors!  I had the Capesante Assosto - Roasted Diver Scallops, Braised Sunchokes & Borlotti Beans, Black Truffle Veloute.  The scallops and truffle were amazing - out of this world.  The sunchokes and beans were good, but a very different flavor for me.  I was not expecting this.  I will not get this again, but I am glad I got it this time.  The scallops stole the show and I was very pleased with how they were cooked (medium) and how they tasted.  Delicious!  Everyone was pretty full from the late lunch and dinner, so no dessert was to be had.  I will say, however, that my husband was very impressed with his meal as well.  He ordered the Ossobuco (Braised Veal Shank, Garden Vegetables, Saffron Risotto).  The veal was falling off the bone and everyone who tried it RAVED.  We will be back!
2	No impressive....Sorry. The shrimp scampi appetizer that we started with was bland and the shrimp were hard. For dinner, my diver scallops were a cold (they were supposed to be warm). Wouldn't come back here again.
3	Sirio was recommended to us by a friend. Their pastas were better than reported and so was their pizza matgherita. Wine selection was good but overpriced so i'm deducting 1.5 stars for this
5	Best $200 I've spent on a dinner! Amazing drinks, great carpaccio that was split two without us asking, pork 4 ways (porkgasm), and lamb shanks that were perfectly cooked.  To top off the evening, we had two desserts, which were both friggin awesome. Fried fondant, which practically exploded in our mouth with chocolately goodness, and was complimented by the citric fruits and sorbet. And last but not least, a chocolate souffle... o..m...g. Words cannot describe the awesomeness of this dinner!  The service was friendly, informative, and well paced. Definitely will be back!
5	The service, the staff , the decor, the wine and the food were simply divine!  The wine list is extensive and full of great italian selections and great wines in all price ranges. They even have Ruinart by the glass! Their sommeliers Daniele and Kathleen were friendly and so welcoming and made us feel like more than just guests in the restaurant.  Onto the food... We started with the antipasti selection.  We told our server what we usually like in our cheeses and he helped us choose the perfect selection along with an amazing wild boar dried sausage. We moved into our main courses The Suprema Di Pollo and the Veal Ossobuco.  The meat on both dishes were so tender that I barely needed a knife. The flavors were rich and bold and full of homemade Italian flavors. Delicious! We had such an amazing night! Thank You Sirio! We will be back on our next visit to Vegas.
3	Authentic and tasty lasagna bolognese. Sauce was not savory without acidity.Atmosphere is consistent with most other spots in Aria, which I find rather corporate and cold. We were seated in the front of the restaurant, maybe seating in the back has a better atmosphere.Prices are reasonable for the setting, servers were solid.
5	Excellent Italian Ristorante! Dinner for 6, best table in the house, and even got Robert Dinero's brother in law (from LA) as our waiter. He was great...think his name was Roberto as well..... can't remember, what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas I guess...but he is very well versed on the menu and wines. Anyway this dinner I can't forget. My wife, 4 of our good friends, and yours truly made reservations for Sirio in hopes of getting a great Italian dinner experience and boy did they ever!   Now if I am going to be a classy joint, I am not going to go cheap and order pasta...hell for that i'd go to Olive garden....I'm going the Full Hog, big boy plate !!!!!My order started with the Caprese salad.....fresh buffalo Mozzarella and the biggest slices of tomatoes I'd ever seen....along with freshly picked Basil and a few peppers.....bravo bravo !!! My main plate was ...let's see if I can remember it....the "Branzino di Orbetello con Scampo Arrostiti" bravo bravo !!!! Pan seared imported Tuscan sea bass and langoustine with cherry tomatoes, garlic ciabatta crouton...black rice and garden vegetable...... bravo bravo !!!! I can't tell you what the rest of my party had nor do I care.....all i cared was that there was a party in my mouth with all the flavors in front of me.... Enjoyed a glass of house chard and I was ready to be wheeled out to bed If you are staying at the Aria...i highly recommend you make reservations here at Sirio Ristorante...and make sure you tell them Big D sent you I'll be back
5	What a wonderful dining experience! Our waiter Ken, was attentive and impecative.We ordered the Chef's 4 course sampler...for me it was:yellowfin tuna tartarblack and white pasta with shrimp and peas in vodka saucerack of lamb crusted with salt and pistachiosa wonderful dessert with little donuts balls that when you open them chocolate oozed out...with a vanilla basalmic gelatto.I was hands down the best lamb I have ever had. Don't let the word "sampler" fool you..these are full size plates and servings. We couldn't even finish our dessert as much as we wanted to.Delish....will definitely return for another dining experience!!
5	We had a wonderful dinner here.  We were staying at Aria, and  came based on the glowing Yelp reviews.  Everything we ordered was outstanding, and the service was attentive, and efficient.
1	If you don't have taste buds or don't like food with any flavor then this is your spot. I went here with my wife for our anniversary. It was a friday night and the place was nearly a 1/3 full @7PM. That should have been our first sign that something was up with this place, but we decided to proceed with our meal. For appetizers my wife ordered the beef carpaccio with red pepper coulis, arugula and parmesan. I had the smoked swordfish carpaccio with frisee, and pistachios. The greens on our apps came out undressed, no olive oil, vinaigrette or and kind of dressing, forbidding the dish's true potential from being displayed. On my app all I could taste was the smoked fish, over powering everything else on the plate. The pistachios were unrecognizable (almost powdered-like) and the dish just felt/tasted incomplete and amateurish. Entrees my wife had the Dover Sole with cauliflower and mashed potatoes. I ordered the rack of lamb with pistachio crust. The Dover sole was presented and de-boned table side which is always a treat. She liked the fish but I thought it was overcooked since it didn't melt in your mouth and became ever more noticeable when I tried it without the sauce. The cauliflower and mashed potatoes were appalling.. Down right nasty and shocking that a place charging $$$ for food would serve such garbage. The potatoes were cooked and lightly mashed, then mixed with a little bit of pine nuts and garnished with micro greens. Not one hint of butter, salt or pepper. Definition BLAND, want-to-throw-it-in-the-chefs-face-disgusting! The cauliflower tasted like it had been blanched in unseasoned water and had as much flavor as the potatoes and probably my napkin.My lamb chops were also inexcusable and completely fowl. There was so much fat left on the chops that I honestly never had a single bite of the meat with the crust. Easy 50/50 ratio of fat left on the chops. The semolina gnocchi were also disgusting and midway through my entree I stopped because I felt like I was going to be sick. Our meal was graciously taken care of through a friend who works at the hotel, and when our entrees were cleared we immediately asked for the check. The server asked if we would like any dessert, but since how horrible our meal had gone we decided gellatto from JP would be the best choice. The staff mentioned that our friend picked up the bill and asked if we wanted to change our minds. We declined their offer and exited that grotesque shit hole. As for the service, we had about 4 waiters. Never knew which one was our main waiter and they did a horrible job presenting and selling the items on the menu. Only one of them had a personality and we thanked him for his humor as being the best part of our meal. We tried to remain as polite as possible since our meal was free, and left without mentioning anything to the gm or chef. I wish we could have, but I didn't want our friend to think we were ungrateful and receive any word of our unhappiness.Sirio is shocking! Shockingly BAD!! I never knew or could conjure up, that a restaurant on the strip on a Friday night could fuck food up as bad as this place. The feeling was reaffirmed the next morning which I spent praying to the porcelain god and pondering vegetarianism. I wouldn't wish our meal on my worst enemy. This place could seriously be on the next season of restaurant nightmares.
3	I am stuck on this one, it was good but not great.  The prices in Vegas start to wear you down after a few days so that is dragging this one down also.  The service was good but the place was on the empty side being that is was Aug so having good service is easy.  We had some good food but nothing that pushes me to go out of my way to come back.  I think we will try other places before we ended up here again.  Not a two star, but price keeps me from going beyond three stars.
1	Our experience with Sirio was short and a complete bust. We came in for restaurant week. Two diners in our party were set on the veal scaloppine. About a minute later, the waiter came by and noted they were out of veal. It was disasterous really, our friend has aversion to onions and it was the only dish without them. He looked over the regular menu for something suitable, and we dug into the bread basket. We found stale bread and rock hard butter. We were not off to a good start.Restaurant week menu offers 5 entrees, you should have enough on hand to feed your guests. I could be more understanding if it were just before closing, but this was 7:30. Stale bread is never acceptable and rock hard butter is a major annoyance. I suppose in this case spreading wasn't an issue.It was a major disappointment. Rather than staying and seeing this meal go from bad to worse we left. It was for the best, we ended up having a fantastic meal at Jean Georges next door.
5	I am really surprised by some of the reviews on here talking about a bad experience at this place....we had one of the best dinners I've ever had here! So amazingly flavorful and delicious. We each had the Sirio tasting menu and each picked a different item for each course to be able to try more dishes. I would say two of the six were good and the other four were fantastic!!! Oh and don't forget the dessert...chef's selection and he didn't disappoint: one was small sugar coated donuts with vanilla, caramel, and chocolate dipping sauces and the other was panacotta with melon and lime sorbet...something I would never pick out for myself but it was delicious! My favorite was probably the veal carpaccio and the pistachio-encrusted lamb was pretty tasty. Overall a great meal/experience that I would recommend to anyone!
4	My amazing girlfriends treated me to a delightful dinner here for my bachelorette party. I love the overall ambiance of the restaurant. It has gorgeous marble floors, red leather chairs and a very sexy swanky vibe. The pasta was so perfect ... it is the very definition of al dente. Pasta is made fresh in house and it tastes every bit that way. I had the tagliatelle with truffles. So simple yet honestly, the best pasta dish I've ever had. Everything tasted fresh and so fragrant. They poured on the truffles, too. A beautiful treat!
5	I came to this place with no clear expectations and found the most amazing risorro, overall very authentic food, and a great service.
4	We ate off the early evening menu served from 5-7pm and is a bargain for $49 per person for 3 courses.  We had no trouble getting seated and our waitstaff was very professional.  Large wine list....spend as much as you like.First course:  [mixed garden lettuce, pears, champagne vinaigrette, carmelized almonds, gorgonzola crostino]--This is one of the very best ordinary salads I've ever had. The champagne vinaigrette was wonderful - at first bite it feels like it will be too much but immediately mellows beautifully on the palette. [prosciutto san daniele, tuscan salame, roasted ham, parmigiano reggiano, olives, tomato bruchetta, roasted bell pepper]-- Antipasto ingredients were top quality, smooth, tastySecond course:[lobster filled ravioli, sunchoke-fresh tomato ragu, lobster bisque]-- Lovely and lighter than it sounds the lobster bisque's primary flavor was of tomato and not too thick or thin. Ravioli melts in your mouth, perfect.[veal scaloppine in marsala sauce, wild mushrooms, braised sardinian couscous]-- Full flavor and prepared nicely.Third course:[sicilian-style cannoli filled with ricotta cheese, dried fruit, pistachio]-- The ricotta also had almond extract perhaps? The fruit flavor clashed with the pistachios or something and it was not as successful as it could be. [panna cotta with strawberries]-- I love panna cotta and although this one had absolutely perfect texture, it was too sweet. The berries helped cut it somewhat but it was a little disappointing.
2	I expected a lot more from an "authentic" Italian restaurant. Way overpriced for pasta & sauce. Pass
4	We had our Thanksgiving meal as this was the only place in the hotel we could get a reservation in that wasn't an hour wait in a Buffet line.  It's known for it's Italian cuisine and we had some appetizers (mista with calamari and bay scallops/Shrimp - was one of the best I have ever had).  The Bruschetta  was also really good, but could have used a couple more pieces, we had to fight over the last one! :)  A very serviceable wine list with something for every eclectic taste in US and European wines.  Also, we both enjoyed a traditional version of their Caesar Salad - fresh chilled greens and a nice slice of cheese mixed with homemade croutons.   I really wanted Turkey, so I ordered their special - not your typical American presentation, so it was an "upscale" turkey dinner, but had medallions of turkey white and dark meat, mixed with garlic mashed potatoes and gravy over some thin green beans.  Not like Grandma makes, but it was good.  My partner had a more Italian themed pasta as we were near the visible cooking kitchen and the aroma of the Bolognese sauce was so inviting, we had to try it.  No pumpkin pie on the dessert menu - so we had to go elsewhere for that.  Bring money, but be prepared for a great dining experience.   Service was exceptional.
2	The food here is poor. Very poor. The food is also very pricey, adding to the dissappointment. I am only giving it two stars because of the nice ambiance and the friendly staff. I wish I would have looked into this place before I went and I would have stayed away. Please avoid this restaurant.
1	When at Aria...GO FOR ANOTHER RESTAURANT.You can read my details in a bit, but overall, I think the food sucks and overprice!I went here because my wife wanted to have Italian.  It was also last minute so I did not do research.  I though since it is at Aria, how bad could it be?  Boy, was I wrong.  We did not want to wait another 30 minutes, so we went straight to the bar section where we can still order the same food.  We got the "regular" menu and the more "extravagant" menu.  I selected the meat lasagna.  My wife was about to order to clam lingunie, but I said since we are here why not go for the lobster ravioli...so she did.  When my meat lasagna came (pictured is available by another reviewer), it wasn't bad looking.  The taste was reasonable; although I think it is microwave.  The center was hot but not the outside.  Additionally, the food got cold quickly.  When the lobster ravioli came, we were totally disappointed!!!  The ravioli was extremely small.  They are about the size of a 1/2 dollar coin and flat!  I didn't taste any lobster.  It looked like somethng you order form Trader Joe's, boiled and served.  This item cost $39!!The service was reasonable from bar.  So I paid my 15% as a courtesy.  However, I didn't realize my credit card was missing until an hour later.  My wife called the restaurant and they said they'll keep it up until closing; otherwise, they will have to give it to the security card if I don't pick it up by the same night.  I rushed back to the restaurant and talk to the front desk.  I was then told security came and insisted that the credit card to be held at their office.  So I had to go all the way to the security station.So, overall, I think the food sucks and overprice.  Service was so so.  I tried other restaurants and I think they were most tasteful.
3	******The below review is for the FORMAL dining @ Sirio******The boyfriend wanted Italian for his 30th birthday dinner so our group of 5 ate here to celebrate. -Food is ok, just don't come here expecting your typical Americanized Italian food. I ordered the "Branzino...." aka Tuscan Sea Bass & Langoustine, Heirloom Cherry Tomato Guazzeto(?), Garlic Ciabatta Crouton, Braised Black Rice, and Garden Vegetables. The fish was tender and flaky, the black rice was a bit too al dente for me, and the side of vegetables were bland. The special sauce which I assume was the cherry tomato was extremely salty. -Our server was nice and helpful, but MIA for most of our dinner. Even getting our entrees was a bit of a longer wait than what I've been used to. -On a brighter note, the table next to us was full of Italian mob type old timers going to town on the food and conversating with their hands. It was all very entertaining.                     *****The below review is for the CASUAL dining @ Sirio******Sirio has 2 separate sections: a casual dining area, aka The Caffe, out front with the bar and then the formal dining area at the rear, where we ate for my boyfriend's 30th birthday.  We happened to try out the Caffe the night we were leaving Vegas, 2 days after our formal dinner at Sirio. While I don't remember what we ordered, I do remember the fettuccine alfredo being the best damn alfredo I'd ever had. Me and my boyfriend had already eaten our prior 2 dishes, but decided to order the alfredo and share it amongst ourselves. Sirio formal dining: wouldn't do it againSirio casual dining at the Caffe: I'd come back again
4	A okay for no reservations and last minute meal. We ordered from the less expensive bar menu. Good bread. Chicken Milanese was cooked well and had the right amount of salad on it. His vongoli pasta was well prepared as well and they tweaked the order to his liking. Dessert was just alright should have had something different. Concept was good... Donut bite brioche with dipping sauces. Vanilla, caramel, and chocolate. Brioche had good consistency but could have been warmer like just made and minus the cinnamon sugar covering because it came with the sauces. Service was friendly, prompt and accurate.
3	I was there with the group for dinner. We had a prix-fix menu, which could have affected the experience, but I was not impressed with the food. Green salad with bacon strips was just way too simple and didn't feel like it was put together as a cohesive dish. Penne pasta with meatballs was again way too simple - you can get exact same food at any Italian deli - probably tastier and at a fraction of price (this is just a guess - didn't see prices). My entree was supposed to be a sword fish - I guess I never saw a portion that small before, also it was very hard to tell if it was a sword fish. Chocolate lava cake for dessert was good - probably best dish in the whole dinner.Service was good and attentive.Bottom line - place was okay, but don't think I would return.
2	Ok. So we came for the restautant week prix fix.  They didnt bring out that menu till we asked for it? Food was average at best.  Bread was uneventful with a tiny 2 inch dipping oil dish !  No wheat bread ? Calamari Appettizer was excellent, sauce was blah.. Salmon was good, sauce was good.  Where was the brocoli ?  4 tiny pieces under the salmon, really ? Tiramissu was in a cup, a single spoon full covered in cream !  Cannolies were much tastier.  Service was adequate but not up to par with pricing.  Biggest turn off was the sommelier, came poured the wine, read the label and left ! No smile no hello no explanation, just robotic motions. $220.00 for 3 people should be better..
3	Just OK. For the price, the food should be better. We arrived around 7:15 for our dinner reservation at 7:30. Half of our party was already at the bar enjoying a glass of wine. Even though we we're still two people short of our full party of twelve we were promptly ushered into the formal dining room. Everyone was offered flat or sparkling water and handed a menu. We chatted while we waited for the last two guests to arrive and munched on the three bread baskets that were deposited at the table. Party intact and several bottles of wine on the way we were ready to order. It was a large party so I can overlook the fact that the waiter had to be called back to the table to take the order of diner number twelve. After he spoke with the eleventh guest (me) he just disappeared. After the ordering was taken care of and we were all happily sipping wine, the antipasti platters arrived at the table. I'm not a fan of cured meats so I declined to try but the presentation was lovely and very prompt. I did sample the marinated artichokes romana style and enjoyed them. Our wine and first course was a success. Then came salads and the two black truffle risottos that we ordered for the table to share. My salad consisted of baby field greens, balsamic dressing, heirloom cherry tomato and cucumber. It was good, pretty standard. The risotto was met with a mixed reaction. A few people enjoyed it, but several of us including myself had one bite and decided not to have another. Not very good. It was like a sticky rice with some truffle shavings on top. Not a good consistency and definitely lacking any kind of flavor. It was bland and expensive. Not a good combination.For my entree I chose black and white tagliolini pasta with prawns, sweet peas and vodka pink sauce.  I don't know if it was $34 good but it was good never the less. I also sampled the sea bass, as our group tends to share everything, and the lobster ravioli. The sea bass was wonderful, I would order it again, and the ravioli was just average. Lots of things in this restaurant were just average. Maybe my expectations were too high to begin with but I just can't find enough reasons to grant this place more than a mediocre three star review.
1	Sat in the cafe (front portion of restaurant) and ordered off the cafe menu. We knew portions would be smaller, but a side dish of pasta for $22 is a little steep. I asked if the $16 caesar was a main course and was told it was a side dish for $16. Again, very steep for romaine and a little dressing. I saw the salad at the table next to us and it was nothing special. Our drinks were never refilled and a different server came to the table for drinks, ordering, food delivery, and check. Quite bizarre. Two small orders of spaghetti and 1 iced tea for $50 without tip.
2	This is my 5th time at Sirio. The first 4 ranged from exceptional to very good. This time a lot went wrong and by that I mean bad food. I don't know who's actually doing the cooking but they should definitely make some changes. We started with an appetizer of prosciutto di parma, exceptional with the famous pecorino from piemonte the castelmagno.I wish we would have stopped there.Following that fettuccine with black truffle. The pasta was cooked right but they failed to clean the truffle and it had a very unacceptable taste of dirt.After this major and expensive disappointment we had pistachio crusted lamb chops. So much fat I thought I ordered lamb lard. Seriously. When I complained about it with the manager he replied that it depends on the season. Really? Ovines eat more carbs during the winter? Another disappointment followed in right away with the ossobuco that was so highly suggested from both of our waiters. So dry it was impossible to eat and we left it on the plate.I asked to speak with the manager that came, at first was a little challenging but then realized how much things sucked and took off the check the 2 entrees, plus they comped the limoncello. I don't know what happened, please I would like to come back and have you guys doing more than slicing prosciutto, you are running a chef driven restaurant but you are not heading anywhere this way.
5	The best Italian Restaurant in Las Vegas. The pasta is so fresh and authentic, but don't limit yourself, there is nothing on the menu you won't enjoy.Great new happy hour from 5-7 where you get three portions for $18, what a steal! Go with the chicken meatballs, they are great but the tomato-gorgonzola fonduta is spectacular.
4	I'm surprised to see all the poor reviews of this place, as I was a big fan.My friend and I ate here last minute before the Viva Elvis show. We informed the waiter we were on a time crunch and he said it would not be a problem. The waiter in general was fantastic.We both had wine. My friend ordered a steak dish and I ordered the grilled vegetables dish. Here's the thing, I don't really eat meat besides chicken and turkey, but I always try a bite of the other person's meal, regardless of the meat. When I do that, I always (yes, always) shrug and think "Not missing much." But that was not the case with my friend's steak. It was delicious. The kind of steak I heard people talk about, but I never really understood. Until that moment. And that, my friends, makes me believe this is an amazing restaurant.
3	Overall, it is overpriced but what can I expect for Vegas. This is not someplace I would put on my return list.Food/service overview: The bread was delicious. The oysters smallest I've seen. The milanese chicken over fried in my opinion. The ravioli was good. Sat at bar because table wait too long. Service slow but bartender nice.
5	Food and service were great!
3	I had the early dinner special. Good appetizers, underseasoned main, good desserts. Expensive as compared to the quality of the food. Would not come back.
4	Very nice restaurant at the Aria!  The decor is nice, but not overdone, the service was good and the food was very tasty!  I went here for dinner tonight with 2 coworkers and we enjoyed the prix fixe menu offered from 5-7pm...but we had to ask for that menu even though it is offered on their website.  I started with the ravioli, followed by the chicken milanese and finished with the tiramisu...all was delicious, just too much food!
5	I have dined at almost all of the high-end Italian restaurants on the strip and Sirio is the best. The salad dressing was fantastic, the homemade pasta is better then some of the pasta's I have had in Tuscany, and the Bombolin (Italian doughnuts) for dessert was amazing!If you want traditional Italian food in a nice environment, this is definitely a good bet. I will be back for sure.
3	All I have to say is What ?  What Happened?  WTF?  This is a top class hotel.1.  Ambiance -  4 star - Surprising to myself, it was nice and kind of cozy. Most of the seating is in one main area, you can see the food prep and others dining.  Not intimate, but cozy.   Otherwise, it feels very and looks very expensive in a minimalist way. That is impressive. 2.  Service - 4 star - I believe that they train and have some of the best staff here. Attentive, knowledgeable and pleasant.  I was taken aback by their policy of no shorts, however, they said they will make exception for us as we had a table for 14.  All I can say is that all the others in shorts on tables of 2, 3 and 4 all must of had the same special exception.  It is called the norm, and no, it ain't that guy sitting at the end of the bar in Cheers.  Odd at best. 3.  Food - Ok, we had the early evening menu as we were going to see the Elvis show (yawner) .  Should have opted for the full course and missed the Elvis show...a.  Tartara di ricciola - Raw yellowtail fish.  4 star - What they gave me of it, a tiny morsel, was excellent.  As in the movie Oliver...."please sir, may I have some more?"  Me thinks they are kinda like that Nouvelle Cuisine where you have a large plate and you arrange your bits of food on it for decoration and spacing... Anyway, great and yet sparse.  What a tease.b.  Wife had the Tuscan Antipasto - 3 star - You know, deli type of meats, bruschetta, olives, cheese.  This was really great and they give you alot of it.  I stole her cheese. A dry gran padano type that was just great! Other than the cheese, all the rest was to me, okay.c.  Salmone Arrosto - 3 star - It was okay. Completely uninspired, but otherwise extremely edible.  I finished the whole thing!d.  Ravioli All'astice - 4 star - This lobster ravioli was pretty good. My wife ate it and again, I stole a piece.  Since they gave you like 12 pieces, I had to pace myself.   Hold on Wilbur!  e.  Cannoli - 3 star - I really like Cannoli normally. This was no exception. It had a nice crispy crunch and the ricotta cheese filling was nice, a bit bland, but nice. I have had this at many places and like the one at Montesano or Siena Deli.Overall, a pleasant experience, a nice area, you feel a bit special.  You spend a lot for a good decent meal.  If you are craving great Italian food, I suggest you go off strip to Ferraro or to La Scala. Here you will understand what really great Italian food is.  Or, go to Il Mulino or Rao as well.GK says, sure check this place out. Especially if you have a show to go to.
3	Buono il cibo e la compagnia e le dritte del cameriere Luca grande conoscitore di cucina e dei posti turistici da visitare. Location molto carina
5	Wow, I'm surprised by the reviews of Sirio.  I'm glad I didn't check Yelp before going as it may have deterred me since it's only an avg of 3 out of 5 stars currently.In any case, my hubby and I were in vegas to celebrate our anniversary and we were looking for an Italian restaurant to celebrate.  We ended up with Sirio in the Aria Hotel.  Our meal was beyond amazing and we were extremely happy with our choice!We started with an antipasto platter which you can create from a number of selections.  We had two types of salami and the bruschetta.  It was D-E-L-I-C-I-O-U-S!    The service was very attentive as our servers kept checking in on us.  We also never had to wait too long for our food.  For our mains, I had the seafood spaghetti and my hubby had the pork done 3 ways (pork belly, pork ravioli and pork tenderloin).  My seafood spaghetti was overflowing with really fresh seafood.  My only slight problem was that the pasta could have been a little bit more al dente, but overall, it was still an excellent dish.  My hubby loved his main as well, especially the pork ravioli.We selected Sirio over other italian restaurants in vegas because of the menu.  THe menu worked well for us as I always want to have pasta, and my hubby likes to try other things besides pasta.  In addition, we both love antipasto platters.Highly recommend. I've been to Bartolotta in the Wynn many times but I liked my meal and service at Sirio better.
4	Well I have no idea why there are some really crappy reviews. I wouldn't say that it was the BEST meal I've ever had in Vegas, but I was with a party of 7 and we all thoroughly enjoyed our meals! No one went without drinks or water or whatever else they needed. The wait staff was exceptionally friendly and helpful and I'm thankful that Sirio was able to fit us in last minute on a Saturday night. Plus, I've been out in large groups many times and had terrible service so I find myself very appreciative when the waitstaff goes the extra mile to keep everyone happy.
1	Beautiful room and very good service.  The down side:  very noisy, very few value wines ($50 range), parmesan crackers that were stale, supermarket quality antipasto meats, supermarket quality lasagna, and a dry veal chip that tasted as if if were burnt.
1	Make sure you have a reservation and are dressed nice otherwise you will be seated in the bar area to be ignored by the wait staff. Oh and you only get menus if you ask for one instead of being provided with one when seated. It takes 20 minutes from getting seated to getting some water. Wait staff has serious attitude problem. When I ordered an ice tea out waiter let out a sigh and rolled his eyes.
3	Definitely would have given 4.5 to 5 stars as the food was excellent.  My only displeasure was that they have a dress code, unwritten evidently as I was never aware or informed of it.  They have a shorts rule that you will be seated in the cafe/bar area.  When we arrived, in shorts of course, hostess sat us in the cafe (outside area). I asked about the inside seating and then she said, we seat our patrons with shorts out here. When you are paying $250 for a dinner for 2, excluding tip, eating in a nice, dimly lit, white table cloth, with maybe table lighting would be nice vs. eating in the cafe section, more akin to a food court in a shopping mall.  Thank god the scotch and chianti kicked in.Waiter was very cordial and of course with an Italian accent (real).  Ordered the caprese which was nice, then  cappelace, spinach, ricotta stuffed pasta, 3 large stuffed fresh pasta, very good, and then the Ossobuco, a good size serving, fall off the bone, flavorful cut. The bone had marrow in it which was outstanding! Dessert I ordered the panna cotta, again, so smooth, creamy and flavorful, the best I've had so far.I'm sure staff at Sirio will read this and hope that for future patrons, that they are made aware of the dress code.  I don't really have a problem with a code, but to somehow prior to seating, let us know. I still tipped 20%. Not the server's fault!I will return, in slacks of course.
4	Top to bottom - effective, pleasant and thoughtful.  Seating was quickly accomplished - they get crowded on the weekend - we dined on a Tuesday evening before 9 pm.  Tasting menu was appropriate for me with an adequate vegetarian menu for my wife.  Extra mile effort from the sommelier (Katherine) - seeking out a Gavi not on the list.  Let them know you're local, too.  My wife had a mushroom salad and a spinach pasta - both done with flair.  My yellowtail tartare was on the money - asparagus, avocado, capers, truffle oil.  The black & white spaghetti with prawns nicely balanced.  The fish main dish missed ever so slightly, but I'm watching my intake, so shame on me for not choosing wisely.  Panna cotta dessert hit the spot.We like the decor, especially the ceiling treatment.  Modern furnishings are comfortable and trendy, but not overdone. Maintain a dress code to preserve dignity.  Keep the shorts on the golf course or the pool deck, Greg.What made our evening was the staff.  Brian and Katherine couldn't have been more helpful, but never intrusive.  We're a bit particular about these comments, so ask for them when you visit.  You'll be charmed, but never interrupted.
4	Sirio is one of those gaudy, overdone, bombastic kind of Las Vegas restaurants that is a sensual overdose before your food even arrives.  It is also ridiculously expensive.  But if you get past the high-roller, Sin City riff, you'll find outrageously good food and drink and attentive service -- the kind of impeccable that you can't find fault with, although you can't really be sure it's enough to bring you back.  I was in Vegas on business, and wanted to treat myself to a nice dinner.  I was warmly greeted and not made to feel awkward as a solo diner.  The wait staff was very pleasant and attentive, from the hostess, to the waiter, to the flirty sommelier.  I had an excellent seared ahi appetizer, although I confess this was a second choice because the ala cart pricing scheme for more typical Italian choices was just simply outrageous: build-you-own platters of olives, cheeses, meats and pickled veggies at $12 PER ITEM!  So a antipasti platter of 6-to-8 items, which might run you $14 to $18 anywhere else, you're looking at close to a hundred bucks here.  Just stupid.  I had a stuffed veal chop that was excellent, actually worth the $49 ala carte price.  The wine list rocks.  I enjoyed an unbelievably good Super Tuscan from my favorite Italian winery, Gaia, a treat that I rarely see on wine lists outside of Europe or China.Not a place I'd take the family, but a solid choice for a romantic dinner or to impress a client.
4	On a business trip and ended up at the bar for a quick bite. Bartender was nice with a good knowledge of the menu. Couple next to me had the happy hour bar bites and while they raved about it, it was definitely "bites." Barely enough for each of them to taste each dish. I had the hand rolled spaghetti with ragu sauce for $29 -- portion was large. The noodles were perfect and delicious. The ragu was a bit lacking in depth but it had good flavor. Bartender paired a nice Italian table wine with my meal. It's probably on the lower end of 4 stars but the service bumped up my experience.
3	Landed upon Restaurant Week in Vegas.  I guess it's their version of Dine About Town (that we have in San Francisco).  I did the special three course menu and luckily everything on the menu was what I wanted from the regular menu anyway.  It's rare that happens. Usually there's something don't want that stops me from participating in these special dining menus.Started off with crispy calamari.  Then the chicken milanese (more fried), and for dessert - homemade donuts with different dipping sauces.  Nothing really special.  Donuts were delicious, but not a 'must have' event.Hubby ordered straight up - the pear and walnut salad with gorgonzola bread, and then chicken stuffed with Fontina cheese and asparagus.  Could have been better.  Not enough salt.All in all, a good meal.  Good, not great.  And on short weekend trips to Vegas, I want great.  Probably won't be coming back.
1	Terrible service. Terrible food. I ordered wine. Very good Pinot Noir. Also ordered calamari. It was deep fried and seasoned way too much and was overall terrible. The service was horrendous. It was not busy at all and it took us an hour to get our food. Not one of Las Vegas' better restaraunts.
1	Terrible, will never go there again. For being in a premiere hotel in city center, management should be fired. We sat for over 20 minutes before our server even gave us menus. Once we ordered it was an hour later before we ate. I don't normally lash out at restaurants, but this one is by far the worst one I've gone to in years. Don't waste your time because the food isn't that good either. If you like crappy service and food that is fair to midland at best, then by all means enjoy. Overpriced, horrible, I repeat, horrible service and shotty food.
2	When we booked the room at the Aria, we also received a $100.00 food credit that can only be used at restaurants. It's not a bad deal but the time they spent trying to figure out if we had enough credit is unorganized and annoying. Each time a customer wants to use their dining credit, the restaurant has to call the front desk and verify the amount. This process took forever for us and I'm sure other customers feel the same way. We arrived about 6:00 PM and the place was empty.  The host asked if we wanted to sit either in the "formal" or "informal" seating areas which I thought it was kind of strange. The host sat us down but it took forever for someone to acknowledge us. By the time someone did, the waiter pointed out that they have a "formal" and "informal menu". The difference of the two is the food options and price. The food was just okay nothing too special. The service was slow, terrible and not organized at all. I wouldn't return to this establishment.
4	Back again for a light bite.  What I like about Sirio is the staff and how they accommodate "off-the-menu" requests.  The spaghetti has a unique texture and the calzone was more than ample.  Nice job guys.  Great to have a friendly spot on The Strip.
2	We stayed at the Aria. We were hungry when we arrived so we stayed "in house" for dinner rather than venturing out on the strip. This was not one of our better dining experiences in Vegas. Chewy calamari. Tasteless Caesar salad. Duck confit risotto was pretty good, but not great. Disappointing for the price. Far too many other choices in Vegas to bother with something this mediocre.
3	The only reason I came here was to use my dining credit. The food here is mediocre and prices are definitely higher than what the food and place is worth. My girlfriend and I got the lasagna and the new york steak, both of which were bizarrely cooked. The new york steak had spicy fries and the lasagna had this weird beef with it. Overall, just use your dining credit here, no point in spending real $$
3	I don't know Yelpers, $550 for 8 of us with tax & tip. I'm serious. Half of us had soft drinks, half had one glass wine, a few two. We shared apps. I mean come on, it's just spaghetti and pizza and salad.  Nothing at all spectacular about the food or place except the prices. You are certainly not paying for a view of the convention area hallway off the buffet. Our main server (Marie? Maria?) was absolutely excellent...friendly and professional.My brother and I split the $10 side of Caesar Salad. It could have fit in a double shot glass.
3	This place has found a way to get slightly worse each time I eat here.  The first time I ordered the pork trio and could not get over how incredible everything was.  It was a 5 star meal.  The second time, I ordered a stuffed veal special, 4 stars.  Incredible!  This last time, we made reservations.  Reservations.  In advance.  Not walking up, can you please seat us last minute.  Reservations. So.... where were we seated?  At the first front middle table in the bar.  Not the empty dining room, but the bar.  As a Platinum M Life player, I get seated in the middle of the bar, front row, with 40 people from what appeared to be a JP Morgan Chase conference practically sitting on our table because apparently it was drink time.  The service was incredible slow, because with 40 people in a bar area, it's very hard to pay attention to one of 3 tables.  Now, had we been in the dining room that had 4 seated tables, maybe we would have had a better experience.  The food was still good, but the experience was lacking.
4	Went here for happy hour and enjoyed it. Tried 3 appetizers for $18, which I thought was a great deal. The portions are tiny, but delicious. Can't remember how much the wine was, but it was very good, too. The bartender helped me pick out a great wine that I really enjoyed. He was very professional and did a great job with service.
2	Came here because I had a MyVegas redemption I wanted to use up. They let you use it as just a dollar amount discount off the bill without any restriction on what you order. First impression, fairly small restaurant, classy but didn't seem like too many people come here. It seems more of a wine and cheese place than really a place for dinner.Food wise, girlfriend got the pasta which she liked but I wasn't too fond of personally because it had a weird kicker taste to it. I got the Osobuco which was the veal that was recommended to be fairly popular. It was very tender and nicely cooked. Though just wasn't my thing.Overall the food is okay, meh... I did have a gripe with the photographer that waltz around the dinner room taking photos of people. He was nice and did a good job but I don't believe in paying $45 for dinner photos -_- and interrupting us to do so.Aria, get rid of your photographers in the restaurants. Lost major stars for this. This isn't Disneyland.
5	Sirio was the only component that I truly enjoyed at the Aria, as the hotel itself was not to my liking.  Sirio is, in a nutshell, fine Italian dining with great food and great service.  The drinks were wonderful and the ambiance was just the same.  I would definitely go back to visit Aria just to eat at Sirio.
1	Service was ok. And that was the best I could say. The food was terrible and way way over priced. Their bucatini amatriciana will put a hole in your stomach before you finish digesting it.
3	3 and one half stars really. For the strip the place is a value. The food was good.  Great sea scallop appetizer. Very good risotto and sea food  Pros-1-professional waiter-2-good food-3 good presentation-4-value.Cons-1-Even for Vegas outrageous wine prices. No Beaujolais or other good " low priced" wines. 2-No Sommelier, a lady with little wine knowledge excuses the lack of Beaujolais to the fact thatr Sirio is an Italian restaurant.. Meanwhile there are pages of French wines. 3- No proactive service. Want bread water, pepper mill, etc. Have to ask for it. 4-The I Pad gimmick a lot of "upscale" restaurants use was not working. In gourmet places in London, NY, Paris or SF this would be a 2 star restaurant. However, that is true of all the LV restaurants I have been to.
4	Unlike Jean George Steakhouse, Sirio was a great dining experience.   Beautiful table and excellent service paired with interesting menu made for a great night with friends.Thanks!!
4	Very pricey, but you should expect that going in. But we were very pleased with our meal. I had the lobster ravioli, which was very good. The fresh pasta puts it over the top. In fact, all of their pastas are hand made, which makes it worth a visit in my book.
3	I made reservations here because I was fortunate to have a coupon! This was my first time here and I had scored a coupon for a 5-item antipasto platter for free for playing a game on Facebook. My boyfriend and I got there early and there weren't many patrons there yet. I was greeted by waitress by name and asked me if I wanted to look over the drink menu. I was given an iPad to look over their drink menu which is something I haven't had happen before. We ordered the antipasto plate which is normally $52 bucks for 5 choices but in my case was free. I chose Parmigiano Reggiano (because they didn't have any Castelmagno), Formaggio Sottocenere, Bresaola, Porchetta, and Mortadella. All of it was really good but I think my favorite was the Porchetta which really just melted. The platter comes with a little dish of honey and balsamic dipping sauces for the cheese. Parmigiano Reggiano - Emilia Romagna, Cow Milk, Hard, Fragrant, SavoryFormaggio Sottocenere - Veneto, Cow Milk, Semi-Soft, Mild Taste, White Truffle Flavored, Aged in AshesBresaola - Air-Dried Salted BeefPorchetta - Slow-Roasted Pork Loin Wrapped in PancettaMortadella - Cooked Pork SausageFor dinner we ordered: Risotto - Robiolina cheese Asparagus, Artichokes,Fava Beans, Sweet Peas - $34 bucksBranzino Di Orbetello - Pan-Seared Imported Tuscan Sea Bass, Charred Heirloom Tomato Coulis, Fennel-Fingerling Potato Cake, Asparagus - $41 bucksWhile I liked my sea bass, I couldn't help but thing that it needed a little salt and pepper. The potato cake that came with it though really tied the dish together. At the end of the meal we were given a little plate with some dessert bites (free) that had a caramel corn, fudge bite, lemon cookie, and some other little nosh. All-in-all it was pretty good and while I may not come back on my own I still think it is a place I would eat if others were full. Of course it is expensive but if I can get another coupon in the future then I'll probably come back.
2	How disappointed am I?  Let me count the ways...  (Please note, there are a couple of good points towards the end)My wife had never tried homemade pasta so I decided to take her to this place.  I had high hopes despite it not having 5 stars on yelp.  The experience went down hill from the get-go.  General:First off, seating at the Cheesecake Factory is more romantic.  Secondly, there were lipstick marks on my glass at the table.  Noticed it when they started pouring the sparkling water...and when they got a new bottle, they actually tried to charge us for it.   Yes, please let me pay for something I didn't consume!  I really hope it was an honest mistake but my feeling is it wasn't.Other than that, service seemed decent, but far from 5 star.Drinks:Wine list is mostly aimed at the top 1% of the wealthy.  It fits into the restaurant like a giraffe at a polar bears only convention.  We brought our own wine thankfully...but with the 35 dollar corkage fee, the bottle wasn't the only thing getting screwed.Their signature cocktail is worth avoiding.Food:Got the bruschetta and frittura.  Bruschetta is basically cheap hot house tomatoes with some garlic and basil loosely placed toast.  Frittura is ok, but a little too greasy.  Marinara sauce is yummy though.Arugula salad.  Save your 17 dollars.  It's nothing special at all.  For 17 dollars, you could make 10 of these salad at home easily.  If you go to a classy restaurant, I would expect some creativity rather than just bowl of leaves and a couple of cherry tomatoes.Main courses - waiter suggested the lobster ravioli, it was unimainative and the fishy taste was dominant.  The pasta did not taste homemade as the waiter had said, wish I had instead taken the fusilli with lamb meatballs.  We also got the pico toscani which, funny enough being the least expensive pasta, was absolutely delicious!  Its a handrolled spaghetti of sorts.  Veal, beef and pork meat ragu, very very tasty.Side dishes - if you like salt, get the mushrooms,  they're ok but you will get a lethal dose of sodium. Overall we dropped a small fortune and we did not get what we paid for.  A note to the restaurant, consider adding a nice homemade lasagna to your menu, your meat sauce is amazing and would be be great in a lasagna.
3	Husband and I dined here on a business trip. At early 5 o'clock hour, we were seated right away. The decor is trendy and the service is friendly. I had the organic chicken breast; the chicken came with skin and it was dry. Husbands ordered the carrot soup with crab meat and linguine with white clam sauce and they were much better than my chicken. The reason for the 3 star rating is that I expected the chef to cook the $32 organic chicken breast a lot more tender and juicy.
4	I made a reservation here for an early dinner since my group had to go see a show at Caesar's Palace. When we arrived the front hostess seated us immediately in the main dining room in the back. When we sat down, our waiter greeted us and handed us the dining menu and wine list. (The wine list is displayed on an iPad, which appeared very modern and cool to me). If you want to order the 3 course pre-fixe "early evening menu", ask the waiter to see that menu. They act like they are unaware it exists until you ask them. Also, if you want any happy hours drinks or appetizers, you can only order them if you dine in the cafe. (The cafe is in the front of the restaurant, while the main dining room is in the back.)I ordered the 3 course pre-fixe for $49. For my appetizer, I had the ahi tuna tartare, which was tasteful, but nothing spectacular. My entree consisted of the veal agnolotti. The pasta was very fresh. For dessert, I ordered the cannoli. It was probably the best cannoli I have ever had. This is coming from someone who frequently made trips to Little Italy in NYC for desserts during my college years. I thought the service was overall good. The waiter was very informative if I had any questions.Overall, the dining experience was great. I would definitely come back here and order off of the regular menu next time I am in Vegas.
4	My friends and I ate here on a Saturday night at 7:30 and had no issue getting a table.  We decided on Sirio because it was in our hotel (Aria) and because we had gotten a reward for playing myVEGAS on Facebook.  The service was a little slow which was irritating at first, but then we realized they want you to enjoy your meal and the conversation so dinner flowed at a leisurely pace.After we ordered our drinks a server brought bread (regular and Parmesan-crusted) to our table along with olive oil and balsamic vinegar.We ordered a five item antipasto platter (reward from myVEGAS) and were amazed at how big it was!  We got three kinds of cheese (I only remember one was Parmesan) and two meats: salami and prosciutto.  It also came with garlic bread sticks, giant crackers with cheese baked on top of them, walnut bread, with honey and balsamic vinegar for dipping.  I would highly recommend the antipasto.  We weren't able to finish it all so we snacked on it when we got home from the club.I ordered the potato gnocchi with creamy basil pesto and shrimp.  My one friend ordered the same thing with chicken instead of shrimp and the other ordered a cheese risotto with peas, asparagus, artichokes, and pancetta.  We were all happy with our orders.  We definitely could have ordered the smalls since we all brought leftovers up to the room.It was my friend's birthday so we surprised her with a dessert, which was very, very small.  We got petit fours and saying they were bite size is generous.  They were free so I won't complain.The staff was great and helped us pull off the birthday surprise.  Definitely worth checking out and if you play myVEGAS, get the antipasto platter!
2	Sirio is rolling in his grave. This is luxury cruise level at best. Heavy sauce, fake Parmesan, and no Italian wine by the glass. Would have walked out if I could. Don't bother with this one.
4	We found seats at the bar and asked our very hospitable bartender for the happy hour menu.  Though the online menu shows a choice of 2 red wines and 2 white, he informed us that they now only serve a house white and a red only.  My wife sampled the white and opted to join me by ordering the red bend.  Appetizers are priced at $7 each or 3 for $18.  We ordered 3 -  braised veal stuffed crispy ravioli with an asparagus coulis, chicken meatballs with tomato-gorgonzola fonduta and spinach and ricotta cheese ravioli in sage butter sauce.  Portion size was small, but the flavors were big with our favorite being the ravioli in sage butter sauce.  A rating of 3.5 would be more appropriate.
5	Just celebrated my birthday at Sirio and everything was top notch! Since we had a party of 28, we were able to reserve a private dining area which was truly wonderful. The staff was very attentive and the food delicious!  They were great about keeping us on time so that we could leave in time to attend a show.  I highly recommend celebrating a special occasion at Sirio!
2	So not worth the money. We ate in the "formal" dining room and there was no charm or even real ambience. No decorations except a giant chandelier thing and glass wall. The waiter was snooty and kept trying to size us up...and he took forever. We were trying to get to a show and had to flag him down...twice. My cheese plate was mediocre and the spaghetti seafood didn't have any flavor. My veal carpaccio was the star of the meal (but still not the best I've ever had). And the drink prices? Outrageous! My prosecco was $14 a glass...and that is how much one bottle of the stuff costs at a liquor store. Definitely wouldn't come back here - there is too much cooler stuff in Vegas.
5	my favorite Italian restaurant of Las Vegas. classic delicious Italian taste in contemporary look.Food reviews are different because understanding food and dining experience is very personal. not everybody would appreciate creativity, so that's why there are some bad reviews here. ;) Degustazione "Sirio" try the Sirio Tasting Menu, it's perfect, simply perfect. pici Toscani was excellent. if you are in Las Vegas make sure stop by there.I enjoy it every time.  professional staff and elegant ambiance..Bravo chef Vincenzo,grazie mille.
2	Was not impressed with this place.  My friend ordered the veal and I ordered the squash ravioli.  The ravioli was nothing special and the portion was small.  I tasted my friends veal and it was absolutely terrible.  Being in Vegas, the service was great - the entire staff was very friendly.  The only thing worth going for, besides the service, was the tiramisu... I would return for that.  There are far better places to eat in Vegas.
4	Bartender's are great very freindly small plates good but make sure you try their in house home made cellos
3	came by here because American Fish, across the way, was closed down for something. originally disappointed due to all the time i spent researching AF. but, luckily, Sirio was a great alternative. HH was very comparable to what AF had. mama ordered the house white and i got the blue moon. service was great and the environment was very elegant. got a couple rounds and we headed off. we'll definitely come back if were in the area again.
5	What a great spot! I'm surprised they are only rated 3.5 stars.  Wonderful service.... Awesome food..... And a beautiful restaurant.The food was amazing but we ordered too much! We had the clams.... Wow I could have just had that! So delicious!! My husband ordered the Parpadelle and I had the Fettucini Carbanara. I loved both! All pastas are made in house. And then we shared the Sea Bass which was good but again way too much. We should have stopped at the pasta. Or shared a pasta and then the Sea Bass. We paired all this yummy food with a nice bottle of Italian red wine by Bussola. I would definitely return for a nice fine dining experience.
5	I started with insalata caprese con peperoni..beef carpaccio..risotto with truffle..5 tasting of ravioli..and salmon steak..amazing
3	This is inside Aria at las vegas, We recently had dinner here...I think its priced above average...may be due to the location. Being vegetarian I actually had less options to eat here as compared to other Italian places. We ordered Spinach-cheese ravioli, other marinara based pasta and baked potato. I liked raviolis better than the other dish. Ambiance is classy, nice interiors, nice service but honestly I was not much satisfied with the food...Average food. Just like Yelp A-Ok
4	Beautiful restaurant with a great Italian selection - I believe they offer daily features on top of their dinner menu. Although I didn't have a good look at the open kitchen near the back of the restaurant, it definitely added character to Sirio. The service was kind of slow the night I came in as it was near the peak of dinner rush, took them awhile to get us settled in with our drinks and wine which is somewhat understandable as we were a big party. The salad was solid and what you expect but their Pancetta-Wrapped Scallops were seriously out of this world. Beautifully cooked and seasoned perfectly. I highly recommend it :)
2	Was so excited to have dinner at Sirio during a recent trip to Vegas.  We were staying in the Aria and had tickets to Zarkana that night so we were looking for something close.  We made a reservation and our table was ready for us when we arrived.  We were given the wine list right away.  The wine was definitely overpriced.  The prices on their wines don't seem to match the prices of their food.  Because it was so expensive, we decided to skip on the wine.  Once we told them that we didn't want any wine our service went from good to bad.  We placed our order, and didn't see our waiter until the food came out.  They dropped off our food then we didn't see them again until we asked for our bill.  The food was not bad, but not great either, and the portions were very small, especially for the price.  If you are looking for Italian, I would skip Sirio and try something else.
1	After ordering an extremely overpriced bottle of wine the manager (perhaps) came and poured it, he palmed the cork and didn't offer it and I had to ask prior to tasting the wine. The bread was nice as was the olive oil but the hostess didn't understand when I asked her to use the pepper mil and put coarse ground pepper in the the oil and vinegar. She took the lid off and was about top pour pepper corns into it. The waiter got my Order wrong and blamed me for his poor English skills. They did promptly bring me the correct dish, we were both less than impressed with both the quality of the food and the service. The atmosphere was anything but romantic it was modern and had no personality. I ordered a shell fish linguini which was good but not $48 good, both our meals lacked any artistic creativity or originality they were just good. I would try to find somewhere more memorable. It's a Vegas two star when I've had epically memorable Italian in Vegas and Reno. The wine list is very good but so over priced, I would rather spend hundreds to thousands plus for a bottle at a place that wasn't so lack luster. I wish I could have given this place a better review but we weren't impressed
1	Do not go to this place. Overpriced and food poorly made. A group of six friends went there last tuesday and was a horrible experience. Out of four meal orders, three had to be returned to kitchen and even that two of them were sent back to us frozen inside, which means bad and lame preparation by the chef. The pasta was so so and oily. The wine list was overpriced compared to the menu. Manager came to apologize but was too late. The experience had already gone bad. We were so excited about this place because of its location, Aria Hotel, but it does not deserve to be in a place like this. We strongly do not recommend this restaurant.
1	So we are staying at the Aria Hotel in Las Vegas for the first time. Because of a mistake with a cleaning staff, the hotel mgr gave us $100 hotel credit. We accepted and decided to try Sirio inside the Aria. We love Italian so we had high hopes. I have to say any hopes were dashed. First, we weren't sure who our wait staff were as 3-4 different people kept coming to our table. No one was very friendly. That's not the worst part. We ordered 2 salads and an Antipasto salad app. It took 30 minutes for our Antipasto app to come out. Then we had to ask where our salads were. Another 10 minutes till our salads. I ordered the shrimp pasta. One of the waitstaff we had told me that the shrimps came with their heads still attached. What?? I asked her if they could at least take the heads off. She said no because I would not get a lot of shrimp meat. So these must be either the smallest shrimp or their lazy.  My husband also had spaghetti. It wasn't "cooked" all the way. I mean , I get al dente pasta  all the time was and this tasted like it came right out of the box, GROSS! Then they asked if we wanted desert but we just passed because we wanted to get out of there as fast as we can. I expected more than what we received at this restaurant.  We even spoke with the manager. His expression was like he didn't care. He even admitted to looking at our bill beforehand. This guy knew we had some issues but didn't care. When we confronted him, he just said thanks for letting me know. He could have come over during and comped our salads at least. He just listened to is "complain" and walked away! What a way to keep customers! Not us! We would never go back and don't recommend anyone else do either.
5	First time in to eat sirio, I heard they had a new chef and tasty new menu! Was impressed with the dinner from start to finish Everything was clean and fresh tasting. Gm stopped by to touch the table! Highlights were pumpkin tortellini, ricotta dumplings and shrimp scampi. Cannoli is a must! We would recommend and will be back.
3	Sirio is located in Aria hotel on the strip. Ask for directions if you're not staying in the hotel, as you need to walk through the casino, find the escalators, go up, and find your way past a spa, shops, and other restaurants. My coworker and I came here on a whim-7:45 pm and no reservation, but I would highly recommend one. We were able to sneak a table after 10 minutes when a reservation did not show up-this was pure luck. If possible, ask to sit in the back section. It is much classier, swankier, and you can watch the sommelier table and cheese and charcuterie along the back wall. We were served bread and opted for the Calamari to start-it was quite flavorful and good. I would definitely have their calamari again. The Brussels sprouts in it were also very flavorful and delicious. The menu was hard to choose from-it was so limited! We really expected more choice. I finally opted for house made pasta pomodoro. It was ok but lacked much flavor. My coworker went for the pumpkin ravioli-it was good but extremely sweet. Ok restaurant, excellent service, limited menu...definitely more to see in Aria then this..should've gone to Sage or Lemongrass!
4	I didn't care for my pasta. But that might be cause I don't like fettuccine that much... I got the fettuccine carbonara because he said it was the most popular. Loved the Mediterranean Sea Bass. The charred octopus wasn't too bad. Not amazing but decent. Service was as usual per fine dining standards. As expected, of course. I came with a friend and we did not finish our food. Took the fish and pasta to-go. Octopus was a small appetizer dish so that was easy to finish. Also comes with some bread but it wasn't that good. Same ole. :(
5	We held a customer event here. They had a gorgeous intimate back room and the staff was lovely and accommodating!  The food was delicious - I recommend the pasta that had the crab and shrimp (I can't remember the name). Santiago was the best!
5	Bathrooms are awesome. The food was better. Service excellent. All three components make a great restaurant.
4	Food was good, environment was good. The service was slow just getting our bread and drinks took over ten minutes.  The place wasn't busy at all maybe 5 tables seated. Would easily be a 4 or 5 if had service was better.
2	Crap, bad food, overpriced, and the worst service. Didn't know such a mediocre restaurant could even exist at a 5 star property on the strip?! Ugh!!!
2	I was excited about fine dining in Vegas and after I tried this, I feel Dallas restaurants are way better than this. I asked for a blackened salmon and it was not very well done. The cocktail was bad. My wife wanted something vegetarian and they didn't have any. They said they could make anything vegetarian but messed it up big time.
5	was here on new year's eve, so they served a set meal. every course was very delicious and light. we were already full by the 3rd dish though. the tiramisu dessert was REALLY GOOD. the service was exceptional and everyone who served us was very courteous.  ambiance was quiet and modern. you can wear dressy casual so it's a pretty comfortable atmosphere.
1	RE: Food poisoningApril 26 @ 8pm, my girlfriends and I went for a quick dinner before we catch our Cirque show @ 9:30pm. I ordered the gnocchi lobster ragu. The first bite was already off as the seafood smell and taste was very strong (like bad unfresh seafood strong), but I brushed it off as the robust /deep flavour of the ragu. I offered my girlfriend (bride-to-be for this trip) took one bite. We both were feeling sick sitting through the show and went straight back to our hotel room. Within seconds to the porcelain throne,  I vomited violently for about 5 minutes and my gf was also for the remainder of the night. She was left in bed for over 24 hours in our hotel room. After I reported to the Front Desk Manager, he apologized but no follow up phone call was made to us.Extremely disappointed in the customer service and bad seafood we were served.
2	I was expecting alot better for the high prices. The Frito Misto was badly overcooked. the calamari rings themselves were so tiny it would be almost impossible for it not to be overcooked. The bread arrived chilled...not room temperature... chilled as in straight out of the fridge and it was focaccia! I asked the waiter if this bread was meant to be chilled and he curtly replied yes and walked away...really??I ordered another appetizer special as a mail course which was fine but my guy ordered pasta, the carbonara and it was very sub par. It was oily...oily in the way that a cream based sauce gets when it is re heated which made me question the freshness. So two appetizers and and a pasta, no drinks no dessert=$75. very steep in my opinion for what we got. We would not go back even though we frequently stay at the Aria resort
3	food was ok, nothing exceptional , i was thinking would be better for the price
1	Horrible service!  Found a hair in an appetizer and no apology was made!   We were sitting for at least  half an hour before my wife's hot tea was asked to be refreshed. Food was chewy without any taste.   Very disappointing, do not reconnect this pace if you are looking to relax and have a nice meal!
5	AWESOME food! Great service. 2 of us had the Shrimp Scampi and the best I've every had, though they should add a little pasta to the bottom of the bowl. Great atmosphere and we had a fun time! We'll go back again!
4	Great food and wonderful service. Try the octopus, ricotta dumplings, parpadelle pasta with truffle, and scallops with crispy proscuitto. Will definitely come back.
2	They recently changed management, chef and menu and this was definitely  a step downward !   Very limited menu, Pasta overcooked, just overall not a good dining experience . I'm a firm believer to give good reviews and not to give bad reviews, but in this case what a miss ! There are better options out there ! I was a fan of this place but not anymore!
5	Shady and Co. rolled in to Sirio at the halfway point of his 4 restaurants in 1 evening jaunt. Starting with Sage, then Serrano, Sirio was complete surprise to Shady as the star of the evening. Eric, our barkeep, was outstanding and kept the pace moving along nicely along with great banter. First up paired with a nice red was the Riccota dumplings in sage brown butter sauce. First off, ANYTHING in sage brown butter sauce is going to be good, but this really was a treat. One of the food highlights of Shady's 8 day destruction of Vegas eateries. Shady and oh-so--lucky guest followed that with the Veal Polpette. Outstanding. Just outstanding. After Sage and Serrano, a little down home Italian hit the mark. Shady and Co left a big fan of Sirio, and look forward to a full dinner return. Next up on the Shady food death march-Jean George Steakhouse
5	I went in here for dinner because the bar was empty and I didn't have a lot of time to dine. The service was fast and friendly, and they had excellent Italian food and wine! I had a delicious lobster pasta that was made in house and an awesome fritto misto. I hope to come back and enjoy the dining area:-)
5	Restaurant was amazing!!!No complaints.  In fact, all the food was crazy good.  I consider myself a "foodie" and work in a five star hotel so I'm picky and  Sirio was ridiculous good!!  The clams were amazing!!! I didn't know they could taste that good.   They were a starter and you must get this dish. My bf got the fettuccine and was to die for.  This was 2nd time eating here in a year and it's been amazing both times.  I highly recommend Sirio.  One of my favorite restaurants.
4	We enjoyed a lovely meal here on the 4th of July a couple of weeks ago. The service was a little odd, as we had two waiters who both worked our table but did not communicate with each other. We figured this was just an initial confusion, but to our amusement, it continued throughout the meal. We started with the ricotta balls and that might be my new favorite appetizer, and we also had the meatballs - very good. I had the cappelini dish and hubby had the veal. Both were terrific! Prices were exceptionally good for the value and the ambiance experience. I would go back without hesitation.
5	Ate here aftre seeing Zarkana with my friend.  No wait, great service, and delicious food.  A little pricey, but it's a nice Vegas restaurant, so you have to expect that.  I'd recommend the Pesto pasta.  Would definitely go again!
5	Prieto was our server and he was great. Had the Caesar salad and the risotto dumplings as starters. Both very good. For the entree we got the lasagna and the Tuscan seabass.  The Seabass was perfect and the lasagna was some of the best lasagna I've ever tasted. For dessert we shared the Berry sorbet and the chocolate fondant cake  which was the perfect level of sweetness and richness of chocolate. Definitely recommend this place to anyone that visits the aria and is looking for a great Italian restaurant.
4	It's is ALL about the house made pasta here. ThE bolognese and pesto are amazing. The entrees and apps were very good too but when I think of Sirio my mouth waters for their pasta. Not a cheap date and after an app or two, their amazing olive bread and some pasta, you can easily share an entree. The scallops were great and the veal was outstanding. My friend that always order veal says it melts in your mouth.
4	I have been to the Aria a bunch of times, but this was my first trip to Sirio.  We had a 7:30 reservation on a Saturday night.  We arrived 10 minutes late due to the Zarkana box office having issues pulling up my show reservation.  The hostess did not have an issue whatsoever.  We were seated immediately.  Pietro came to our table, took our water order, and dropped off the menus.  We didn't see him for a while after this.  A manager of some kind came up and asked if everything was going well so far.  We said yes, but we are in kind of a rush (meaning we had about 1.5 hours to eat) and we had to catch a show soon.  He gladly took our drink and food order.  A cheery waitress brought out our appetizer, the Tuscan Antipasto.  It had a few points of cheese with a watermelon marmalade to top them with; 5 pieces of salami; 5 pieces of prosciutto; 5 pieces of something resembling bologna (wasn't the biggest fan); 5 pieces of garlic bread, and 5 pieces of pecorino (had to google that one).  I gave this a 3 out of 5 stars.  It was like 24 bucks, wasn't that much food, and the bologna thing was very "meh."  Our drinks came out midway through the appetizer, hand delivered by that manager.  I got a Chimay and my blonde got the "Tuscan Sunset."  Her's was definitely too sweet for me.Our main courses came out, via the same waitress that brought our appetizer, right as they took our appetizer plate.  I got the Linguine All' Arrabbiata.  It was very good and very filling.  Had just the right amount of spice and they were very generous with the crab and shrimp portions.  I gave this a 5/5.  The blonde got the Crab Risotto special.  I only had 1 bite and was very unimpressed.  The dish itself looked bland; almost like grits with some asparagus added.  The asparagus flavor seemed to over power anything else.  I give this dish a 2/5.  If I had ordered it, I would have asked to get something else.  Blonde ate about half.  We shared a side of the mashed potatoes.  They were pretty standard, not mind blowing, 3/5.  Pietro came by about half way through our main course and checked on us. We weren't able to get a dessert due to time constraints.  The check was was brought out promptly by Pietro.Pietro did have about 6 other tables, 2 of which were 5 tops or greater.  I still tipped well because I assumed that the second waiter that started helping split the table with him.  Overall, I give this place a 4 out of 5.  It would be a 3, but the manager helping expedite everything gave them an extra star.  I wish I got his name.  Male, 5'9, dark hair, early 30's.
4	This restaurant is located in the complex of the Aria hotel in Las Vegas.It is a typical Italian restaurant, with dishes from different parts of Italy.The ambient is very nice. The service is very attentive and efficient.The food is very good, and tastefully presented.The wine list is available only in a digital form on a tablet, which somehow does not provide a nice feeling for guests. The wine list is not very extensive; however, the pricing of wine is very favourable (for European fine dining practices). The prices for food of this type and this quality are relatively high (but that comes with the hotel and Las Vegas, I assume).A very nice restaurant for a calm dinner within a humangeous Aria complex!
4	their pesto and lasagna is amazing! don't get their salad..it's really small and definitely does not worth $18 :/ everything else is pretty awesome though!
3	We went as a group of 25+ people. We felt a little rushed. We were still eating and they took our plates which was funny as we were lost for words.We told them we were still working on our food and they brought back our plates they collected haha seriously ??? No thanks .
5	This past weekend I was fortunate enough to dine at Sirio in Aria.  The restaurant is located on the 2nd floor by the theater.  You could say its a hidden gem in Aria.  I had 7:45 reservations and was seated promptly at 7:45.  It's restaurant week in Las Vegas this week and therefore Sirio offered at 3 course menu at an unbelievable price.  Both my friend and I ordered from the specialty menu and were not disappointed.  The portions were hardy and delicious.  We also enjoyed a few appetizers that were amazing - beet raviolis and a grilled peach with prosciutto dish.  Delish!The waiters were helpful with recommendations and very on top of things.  If you're looking for a beautiful restaurant away from all the lights and noise you encounter in Vegas on the strip, look to Sirio in Aria.  You will not be disappointed.
4	Since I was alone I decided to eat at the bar, something I am comfortable with.Started with a glass of red, the barkeep was nice enuf to let me taste 2 before selecting. Following the When in Rome sentiment I choose a glass of Marchese Antinori  Reserva, Chianti, very nice, balanced, dry, with soft red fruit. No bite or acid that many Chianti's have.I started with the clams and sausage appetizer and thoroughly enjoyed it, sausage was slightly dry, clams were perfect, and the white wine tomato broth was super. Blended, they were very, very tasty.For my main I had the Linguini Arrabiatta and it was as good a pasta dish as I've had anywhere. I passed on dessert, preferring to drink mine and finished with a glass of 18 year Laphroig, PERFECT
5	Sirio in the Aria Hotel was an amazing experience.  Their wine selection is very impressive.  The home made paste was so yummy and staff super accommodating.  Worth ever penny!!
4	...we landed at Sirio after being coldly "we are so full that we can't care less about you two'ed" at Jean "Jorge" next door... Sirio is a very nice place... everyone is very professional and courteous, from hostess to waiters. They actually WELCOME your business.... excellent food, reasonable price. Sorry Sirio we haven't gone there before... we live in LV, we definitely will go back. Sirio is a 10+....
4	This place may lack the buzz of other restaurants on the Strip (although it's backed by the Maccioni family who have Le Cirque in the Bellagio, not to mention their iconic place in New York) and they don't have the best location (away from most foot traffic and tucked away in an obscure part of Aria), but their food is good enough to draw more praise than they do. They should be in contention for the best Italian cuisine in the city, but somehow they're forgotten by just about everyone not staying in the hotel.Starting our meal was the arugula and black mission figs salad ($19). Sweet and fruity from the figs and saba, the flavors were complimented by the bite of the gorgonozla and slight bitterness of the arugula. The beef carpaccio ($20) was plated differently than your typical carpaccio dish, with each slice of beef rolled around arugula and mushrooms and topped with capers and parmigiano reggiano. The two pasta dishes we tried were both very good. The pappardelle ($29), topped with foraged mushrooms and cipollini onions, had a deep, savory and earthy quality to it. In contrast, the sweet corn ravioli ($25) was much sweeter. Thanks to the corn and the liberal use of butter, the dish left us craving more. It was, by far, the best plate of the night.Unfortunately, we were too full to try anything else, but a return trip is guaranteed. Despite a menu that isn't very large -- two pages in all -- their refined cuisine should be on the short list of best Italian on the Strip.
3	Went here prior to going to Zarkana show. Made reservations for 7pm on Open Table. The sea bass was good. Some of the edges of the fish were black from the grill so tasted a bit burnt. The swordfish was good- the olives were very complimentary. The hubby enjoyed the grand daddy's medicine cocktail. I tried it and did not like it but he's a fan of whiskey. The calamari was average. I've had more flavorful calamari. Overall the meal was good and the service was very attentive initially and as they got busier it was a miss. I felt the food could've been better for an upscale restaurant like this.
3	Decent place to get a meal. Beautiful and sleek decor. The complimentary foccaccia bread was aces - soft and moist with a cheesy, garlicky crust. Beef carpaccio with arugula and fried capers is a must. But my entree was just so darn so so. I got the linguine al a matriciana. They were truly generous with the crab and shrimp but the sauce was just bland. I got it "spicy," but there was nothing spicy or flavourful about it. Just tasted to me like tomato sauce out of a can. Plus our first server was kind of surly. Hence only the 3 stars.
4	I'm a fan of Sirio - although we just ordered appetizers the food was delicious. We ordered the Rapini, calamari, mushrooms and grilled octopus. It was all so delightful. The tiramisu and cannolli were very decadent and delicious. I would definitely go again to try the dinner menu.
