5	Beautiful store, wonderful customer service, and delicious cupcakes! I love the variety and the different flavored. Try the pink champagne it's amazing.
5	Contacted Sugarlips Cakery based on online reviews.  They worked with me to custom design a cake for my husband's 40th Birthday celebration.   I ordered it just a week before the event.  They perfectly executed my vision for his cake and I think the price was well worth it (though it was listed on other reviews as being less expensive so if you find prices online, be sure to check on the price when you call so you aren't taken by surpise.)  Oh, and most importantly, it was delicious!!!
5	Yum! Delicious cupcakes, good size. Improved location, and absolutely beautiful custom cakes. Definitely would recommend.
5	These folks came thru with a Sesame Street themed cake for my daughters first bday. Due to copy right laws they couldn't technically create the exact characters but instead they helped create a scene that incorporated her character toys! It was a huge hit! The cupcake toppers were ordered thru someone else but the cupcakes were AWESOME TOO!
5	Happened upon this place on my way out of the plaza after having lunch. Just so happened to be their happy hour cupcake sale. YUMMY. I picked up 6 cupcakes - 2 pink champagne, 2 triple chocolate, 1 sprinkles & 1 vanilla. I will definitely be back...more than likely for the HH deal (I'm a frugal gal!). If I need a specialty cake, I'll definitely hit them up.
5	BEST CUPCAKES EVER!  The new location is gorgeous, and the cakes and cupcakes are wonderful!  The staff works hard and are friendly and efficient.
4	Cupcake-wise, this place is great--$2.50 for a cupcake with $1 happy hours Saturdays from 1 to 2. The pumpkin is great, as is the white-chocolate cranberry. The chef is very nice and so happy to share more information about each unique creation. The atmosphere is hit-or-miss...there are a few little tables, and around the corner is a tiny nook that feels like something out of Pinterest. Not a place for getting work done, but possibly for chatting with friends. The music drove me insane within minutes, however--I'm not sure if this is the norm, or just a weird Halloween mix for 5-year-olds--but I had to leave after eating instead of staying to get some work done.
5	I have been going to the place for years to get my cupcake fix. Their cupcakes are delicious and moist with just the right amount of sweetness. I feel that they don't overwhelm their cupcakes with frosting like many places do, or at least other places that I've been to, and their cream cheese frosting is so good! Can't say enough great things about this place. You gotta try for yourself and I promise you won't be disappointed!
5	I've had three cakes made my Sugarlips and they continue to amaze me with their artistry; the cake is pretty darn tasty, too!!  They really captured what we wanted for our wedding cake and we still have the very detailed handmade dragon topper still in the fridge because we can't bring ourselves to eat what is probably really tasty white chocolate because it's simply too beautifuly crafted.  I didn't have anything particular in mind for my grandmother's 90th birthday other than the topsy turvey and to make it blue.  Everyone was taken away at the fun, vibrant and delicious cake.  I'm excited to see what they come up with for her 92nd birthday next month.  I can't say enough about this company and I'm excited the Phoenix area has this kind of talent and taste.
5	Sugarlips Cakery made the most beautiful and delicious wedding cake for us! It was a four-tier cake with different flavors for every layer. It was simple with real flowers added the day of the wedding. It was so much more beautiful than I could have imagined!
5	Sugarlips absolutely saved the day for my wedding in October. After finding out a month before my wedding that the person making my cakes could no longer do it, I panicked a little and then sent my sister on a research mission to find a new bakery. I was especially worried because I wanted a pretty non-traditional cake (5 single tier cakes of different sizes with different designs in ivory buttercream) and was not sure I'd be able to find a new baker who could create what I was looking for. By the time we got in touch with Sugarlips they were so accommodating and nice about my situation. Not only that, the cakes they created for me were so beautiful (and delicious!) that it was like my original plan never changed. They also worked closely with my florist to add some flowers to the tops of the cakes and the end result turned out beautifully. I would recommend them to any of my friends or family.
4	I stopped by on NYE.  The place looked clean, but I didn't stay very long. They had several flavors and I chose Red Velvet and Salted Caramel. Mmmmmmkay, dat's tasty! Frosting on RV is OMGyum.  Cake is decent.SC is regular cake, but good fluffy frosting and a noticeable salty taste.  I'll be returning here to try their other flavors.
