4	I bring my mother here every few weeks; the waiting room is nice, with a large television in the front of the room that's always on, & chairs that really aren't too uncomfortable for a waiting room lol! Most waiting are nice, with the once in a while person who wont turn the volume off on their game or who will have a loud conversation on the phone. My mother likes the doctor, who will tell her if her eyes are improving or talks w/her on other options she has. Lastly, most visits can last hours, so bring a snack! Lol!
3	The doctors are fine but the wait time is awful.  Allow 3+ hours out of your work day, most of which is literally spent waiting.  The staff takes you from room to room to perform all the pretests and then you finally wait for the doctor.  Wait, wait and more wait.
2	This place (Mesa office) is ridiculously slow. The only reason I'm here is because a year ago this August, my eye doctor told me that my retina was detaching and I needed surgery ASAP. This is where he sent me. No issues with the surgery or the doctor who did the surgery. My issues are with the office when you come in for an appointment. I got here today at 3:30 for a 3:40 appointment. It's now 4:08 and I still haven't even been called. And (as I know from past experiences) once I am called, that's only the first part of the appointment. I go back for the whole "look at the letters and tell me what's blurry" deal and get countless drops in my eyes. They send me back to the waiting room. Then I get called back again to have a laser scan my eyes.  Then send me back to the waiting room. Then I get called back a third time to go sit in a room and wait for the doctor to come shine a bright ass light in my eyes and then send me home. Honestly? This is a giant PITA. Why not do everything all at once? Don't make me sit here for two freaking hours every time I come in!Oh, and get a front desk staff that is actually civil to people. The older lady that works there will completely ignore you when you go to check out. She doesn't even acknowledge you if she's busy. It's rude and it's frustrating.
