4	The weather turned cold and rainy my first evening in Montreal, but after being stuck on a plane for six hours, I was determined to take a walk and have a good meal.I found Cibo et Vino in one of the hotel guides, and as I love Italian food and the resto was within walking distance, I set our for a bit of adventure. Armed with an umbrella provided by the Fairmont, I arrived at the restaurant within 10 minutes, a bit wet and famished.At the door I hesitated to enter, not because of the menu, but because I could see only one occupied table. Still, the promise of pasta overruled my trepidation. It was, after all, Monday--a typically slow night.The decor was quaint Italian and the menu was fairly simple: soup of the day, a few salads, pizzas, and about a dozen pastas--mostly classics, with some twists. I ordered the cream of mushroom soup and, though the sauce would be similar, I decided on one of the signature dishes: pasta Cibo with a cream sauce, mushrooms, prosciutto, and green onions. When the waiter took my order, he asked what type of pasta I'd like, which was a pleasant surprise. I opted for fettucini.My generous bowl of soup arrived a short while later, along with a delicious freshly baked/warmed roll. The soup reminded me of a cream of mushroom that I once made from scratch years ago. There was a good depth of flavor, and the soup had just a hint of cream. It was perfect for a rainy night, and I had to prevent myself from finishing the whole bowl.By then the other diners had departed, so I had the entire restaurant to myself and settled in to decide on plans for my visit to Montreal. After a short wait, my pasta arrived. Even in the low light, I could see a nice yellowness to the pasta. When I asked the waiter later if the pasta had been made in house, he said yes. It had that silky texture but toothsomeness that only comes with homemade pasta. The fettucine, bathed lightly in a rich cream sauce, was studded with chunks of prosciutto, slices of mushrooms, and slivers of green onion. The waiter had offered me some fresh pepper, and it really enhanced the flavors of all the other ingredients. Unfortunately, I was too full to finish the entire pasta--though I gave it a good try--and I also skipped dessert. As I surveyed the empty restaurant, I hoped that it was usually far busier. The food was much too good to not have a room full of happy customers enjoying it.
4	My husband and I literally stumbled upon Cibo & Vino while wandering the streets of Montreal one chilly -3 degree night. Holding my iPhone up in front of our faces while running Yelp's augmented reality feature, we saw the 1 existing 4 star review left by Julie K pop up in front of us when turning a corner.Having never been to Montreal before and unsure of what other options there were close to the Queen Elizabeth hotel, we hurried in the direction Yelp was pointing us.As Julie mentioned, the place was desserted at around 7:30 on a Friday night, which never bodes well, but our rumbling tummies were willing to overlook this.Turns out, both Julie's review and the instincts of our audible belly rumblins' were bang-on. The food was delicious, quickly made and well priced - my three favorite qualities in a restaurant.My pesto cream sauce on penne was just perfect. It was clear from the first bite the pasta was made in house and it was cooked to the perfect "al dente" consistancy. My cream sauce was velvety smooth and well seasoned. Don't even get me started on the garlic bread.Being the only customers there, the waiter was very attendant. Even the chef came from his kitchen to ask how our meal was. It made for a very cosey, intimate atmosphere not unlike that scene from Lady & the Tramp (minus the neck bibs. Also minus the part about being dogs.)I give Cibo & Vino a 4 star and not a 5 star only because it can never take the place of Anton's (in Vancouver BC) as the best Italian I've ever eaten.So if you too just wandered out of the Queen Elizabeth hotel, iPhone in hand, do yourself a favor: bypass the glitzy overrated Ruben's Deli and partake in some classic Italian fare instead. You won't regret it.
2	Where do i even start with this place?OK there was one waiter running the whole restaurant so the service was lacking off the bat. I asked for a beer and he gave me the warmest beer i have ever received at a bar or restaurant and i told him i didnt want it and he insisted it was fine. The food was pretty awful aside from the garlic bread. I got the veal and it was so rubbery with no flavor at all. The rest of my friends received small portions of flavorless food. We were on vacation and we wanted to try something nice but we were disappointed.Additionally we left a nice tip even though the service was a 1/5 and the waiter had the audacity to complain about the tip which was close to 30%. Definately stay away there is better options
4	Went to this Italian eatery for a friend's 30th birthday. He is known as a picky eater so he wanted to find a place where he can have a nice plate of pasta. Although not the classiest of restaurants, Cibo & Vino is definitely a good place to get a a good plate of pasta.The first thing I noticed was how empty this place was for a Saturday night. Our reservation was for 7:30pm yet we were one of 3 or 4 tables being served on this night. Their wine selection seemed reasonable but were were quite disappointed when the waiter advised us they were out of all their white wine bottles except for one. Wine and Italian food go hand in hand.As for the food, the salad starters were reasonable and ingredients were fresh, which is essential! As for the main course, I ordered their Penne Cibo, which I assume is their signature pasta which includes a wine and cream sauce with mushrooms, shallots and prosciutto. I enjoyed my plate of pasta very much and even used the last of my bread to mop up the sauce in my plate.In the end, we were all pleasantly surprised with how good this place was. My guess is that this is more of a lunch place as it's located near a lot of office buildings, but do not hesitate to visit Cibo & Vino anytime you're in the mood for pasta as you will not be disappointed.
4	Great dinner.   They had never heard of a white pizza so had pasta instead.  So delicious!    Kids loved their food too.   Desserts not super.  Can't be the same chef making those.
1	Went there with family on Friday night, 1 waiter to serve a few tables. I would expect downtown restaurants to be more popular on Friday nights, but I understand why when the food came.Very small portions all around- from the salads to the pastas. Their alfredo sauce tasted like expired milk. The steak wasn't anything crazy either. I've had much better.Waiter was nice and friendly, but like I mentioned, he took care of the tables and the bar at the same time.We were the last ones there at 9:45pm... and we got the message they wanted us out. So we left.
