4	My only gripe about this place is that it is so hidden away.  Actually, come to think about it, this is a good thing in a way as it keeps the place not too populated yet have enough people in there to keep it in business.The decor is excellent (almost reminds me of home in a way with the log-cabin lodge style and outdoors pictures/paintings hanging everywhere.  The moose head on the wall was staring us down while we were enjoying our drinks (I swear!).The food is served in a separate dining area from the bar and lounge and was quite good for the money.  It was also nice (if you care) to watch sports or something on TV as no matter where you look or sit you have an excellent view of the flat screen LCD televisions.The bar is a center bar that is surrounded by a large lounge area that is quite nice and comfortable.  I was able to relax, sit back and enjoy a couple beers while entertaining my companion.  There was a fireplace nearby that, if lit, would have given us the lodge feel up on the mountain without the mountain or snow.If you live on or near Rainbow and are south of the 215, this is an excellent 24-hour restaurant/bar that I would recommend to anyone and will probably be frequenting more often.
4	This place is a wonderfull place to go to... inexpensive and very friendly bartenders and some sexy ones at that... woo hoo!!! Love the screens in there and the food is excellent!!!
4	This used to be one of my favorite bars to frequent when I lived in Las Vegas. The decor is like a mountain lodge and reminds me of something that would be at a ski resort. The lighting is dim and perfect, and there are a ton of large flat screen high def. TVs for all you sports fans. One word sums up the Lodge...COZY. From the comfy and plentiful seating, the fireplaces, the decor, the dim lighting, and the comfort food on the menu. I went to the one on Ft. Apache, but it wasn't as cozy as this one. The Lodge at Shelborne makes me want to kick my feet up, snuggle up next to someone and stay awhile!
3	Another lodge in Vegas usually means the same menu and the same experience.  At least you know what you're getting in, in this case we got a little more though.We stopped by to catch part of the World Series, which meant it was dinner time!   Dinner entrees are available from 4 pm to 11 pm daily and served with dinner salad.  (I always appreciate that their dinner salads are generous, not like those itty bitty side salads you get from fast food restaurants.)  I chose the Cajun Penne Pasta "Cajun seasoned chicken, andouille sausage, bell peppers tossed in a creamy white sauce with penne pasta.  Topped with fresh grated parmesan and sliced green onions.  Served with garlic bread." ($11.95) - When that giant platter arrived, I was shocked!  It was beyond a generous portion!  And it was a tasty pasta dish with chunks of sausage and chicken mixed in.  Definitely something that you need to share.  It's a lot of food!The Husband got the Beer Batter Fish-N-Chips "Alaskan Cod Filet, beer battered and fried to a golden crispy.  Served with fries and cole slaw."  ($11.95) - As we started into the fish, he noticed that it was previously frozen.  But what we didn't realize was that the two pieces of cod were stuck together.  When we separated them, we realized they were still frozen!  Yikes!  I waved the waitress down and showed her the fish.  She apologized and took it away immediately.  A new order came out later on, with a new piece of fish and the previous one refried.  When the bill arrived, the fish and chips were automatically taken off without us saying anything.  Although there is a separate dining area from the bar, there's not much that keeps the smoke from entering the eating area.  Something to consider if this bothers you.They also offer 39 cent wings on Tuesdays and Wednesdays form noon to midnight!
1	This bar had to be one of the worst local bars I've been to in a while, bartenders were to busy watching basketball game with 4 customers to ask if wanted anything to drink, then when commercial was on I was graced with their presence, I asked what's on tap, their response was "you want light or dark beer", since they dont have 40 beers on tap think it was more like 6, I believe I was not asking a lot for them to just tell me. Well commercial over game back on, I was motioned for me to look for myself, walked over to taps and picked a beer, 10-20 mins later another commercial and after bartender had a shot with group I was graced again with her presence and finally got a beer. Avoid this place like the plague unless your part of their special group
3	This place always provides me with an interesting story to tell the next day. And it seems quite the place to hang if you are a redhead (there are apparently a lot of fans of redheads here). All of which is something that makes me want to give it 4 stars, but I'm holding out until I sample the food (which I have yet to do in all of the times I have been here).The bartenders have always been friendly and attentive. The clientele are always friendly. Er, well, they're always happy drunk and sometimes a little too friendly. But hey, the manager will come introduce himself to you and the bartender will warn you in the bathroom that you should move to the other side of the bar because the drunk guy sitting near you is plotting out a plan to put the moves on you.Bottom line, always good service and an interesting time. Now if I can just win some money instead of losing it all every time I put in $20 on the video poker machine here.
1	Well this place used to be cool, but now I guess they are under new management that makes it totally uncool.  Tried to go there and watch College Football last Saturday & they wouldn't turn the sound on.  There were 7 people in the whole place, counting the 3 in my party.  And all we wanted was the 1 TV to have sound.  They only do sound on Sundays (Can you say that's the stupidest thing ever?)  Lost me as a customer for good.
2	Food is typical bar food. However, the service is atrocious! My husband and I finished our drinks just as the entrees were delivered to our table. The drinks weren't refilled once while we were eating, and we could not get the waitress' attention. In addition, we had to ask for silverware, and didn't receive it until after the appetizer arrived. Again, food is just okay, but I will not be back due to the lack of service.
2	This used to be my spot to hang out since it was close to my house. Once my fave bartender left this spot went to crap. Last time I stopped in I dropped a hundo in the machine and got my ass handed to me. When I closed out the bartender brought me my entire tab. He said he could only comp drinks while I was gaming. Thanks and see ya never again!
2	I started going here after the Outside Inn's quality started dropping.  When I first started going to the Lodge service was good (with most of the waitresses being really hot), food was good and atmosphere was nice.  About 4 months ago thngs changed.  They raised all their prices and hired rude/incompetent service people.  Gave them a couple of chances, but after three visits where I got poor service and my order was wrong I decided to never go back.  There are too many other taverns in Vegas for me to put up with poor service.
5	Chris the bartender on grave is the best, new menu has some pretty decent bar food.  Great drinks, great service, a great place just to hang out and chill.
1	My husband and I go out on Friday nights, and usually prefer places with pool tables so we can shoot for a few hours, eat, and play the machines for a bit. The service is so-so, and sadly, that's the best thing I can say about the place. If you are not sitting at the bar, the waitress makes you close out your tabs at the end of her shift, whether you're finished or not. You have to open a new one with the next shift if you wish to continue. If you order food from the bar side, you will have to contend with two tabs, as your food and beverages cannot be combined onto one bill.The music is old and smarmy. You should never play bad music loudly, but on weekend nights, they do.The food is mediocre and overpriced.It is generally about nine thousand degrees in the pool table area.Most importantly, if you are a GAMER, skip this place altogether. They DO NOT cater to gamers. There are probably 18 machines around the bar, and on Friday and Saturday nights, they are all occupied. Unfortunately, I literally walked around the bar the last two Fridays we were there and counted the actual players. Every machine was full, yet only FIVE people had money in the machines. They sit and chat with friends, text, play games on their phones and watch TV, all of which could be done in one of the very comfortable seating areas if the bartenders were interested in actually making some tip money.Also, they do not comp meals, no matter how much you spend.Sorry Lodge. We have too many other options in this town to put up with you.
5	Jean Jean the dancing machine. Will make you a jeancycle that will make all your jeans come true.
3	We have been here a few times and sat in the bar area. We also get take out food from here a lot. 1. The food is very good. They have delicious salads and they are huge! We also like the wings from here. We usually  do take out and the girls who work on the restaurant side are friendly and fast..... 2. The place itself is only ok. Super dark (like your usual Vegas tavern). The bar staff is nice and friendly but only if you order drinks. Don't expect them to pay attention to you if you just want a soda or water. The bar side is really smokey and it filters in to the restaurant side, which is supposed to be "smoke free". The whole place reeks of smoke though. 3. Fun/entertainment is kind of lacking. It's nice and big so if you bring a lot of people it's pretty cool because you have tons of space. They have poker machines, pool tables and golden tee. They don't have a juke box and the music they play kind of sucks. They don't have a lot of live entertainment or kareoke or anything. I give them three stars because the food is good and fast. Other than that, I'd never go there.
4	Didn't eat just had drinks.  Gene the bartender is a fabulous dude.  Super friendly, attentive and nice.  It's dark and kind of tavern-y which I liked.  The bar was busy for a Wednesday night.  Big loggy furniture which looked comfy - but we sat at the bar.  I hear the food is good but....again, we didn't eat.  There are pool tables in the back.  Diverse crowd from 9 to 5ers to bikers to 20 somethings.  It's a snuggly feeling for a bar only thing I didn't like is it's super smokey but hey, it's a bar right?  Next time I'll try the food.
3	Good american diner fare.  I will be coming back.  The bar is full of smoking 9 to 5ers so that is a little odd to people watch while eating... There are glass windows so diners can watch the bar like caged animals at the zoo.  The posturing of the males, the attempted mating overtures, the awkward maneuverings of friend alliances.  I swear it is like taking a primatology course mixed with dinner theatre.  Very worth it.  The food is even good and you are served large portions I had enough for lunch the next day as well.
4	Almost couldn't find this listing since "Shelbourne" is misspelled. I've been to most of the Lodge restaurants/bars in the area, and this one is my favorite. I visit the restaurant portion only, not the bar, and this Lodge has a good separation between the smoking (bar) and non-smoking (restaurant) areas. The food is very good - not spectacular but a notch above what you often find at comparable places. And the service here is typically a little better here than at other Lodges. If you live in the southwestern part of the valley, this is a good option for a casual meal.
3	This happened to be another stop in the qualifying rounds for the wing bowl and when I walked into this place it made me feel like I walked into a backwoods hunting lodge crossed with a strip club... I know that is an extremely odd way to start a review or to even describe any place you would invision but it is true. Let me try and explain. Walking into the front door you are faced with a decision, Go left and end up in the restaruant for "family dining" or go right and end up in the bar.... Of course I went right, that is where the contest was being held. as you walk in to the smoke filled room you start seeing the large antler light fixtures as well as heavy river rock design with tables that look like something out of the bernstein bears, made with large logs and all outdoors items. But you walk by the bar and the bartenders are runing back and forth due to being busy and you see 3 dudes in polo shirts which was normal in my mind for a bar like this.... That was all until the one female bartender rounded the corner... We all had to double take, dress slacks and the smallest bikini top I have ever seen. Now, dont get me wrong I guess in a sence I am not complaining but than again it was almost too much. The place would be a great place to take a group of  buddies to go grab some drinks and play some pool or something but to take your  lady to grab a drink and sit at the bar and play some video poker...Maybe not, I watched as multiple couples came and went as you could tell that they were not expecting that. The place is okay as far as I am concerened, I dont know that I would ever go out of my way to go there but t is not a complete dump either. Go check it out for yourself and see what you think.
5	I'm not a risktaker by any means.  I have three or four standard menu items that I order every single time from whichever place that I go to.  That's the extent of mixing it up, in my book.  My best friend, however, is different.  She likes to order new and odd things, try it, usually hates it and then I split half of my meal with her because she also refuses to return food for something better.We both stumbled onto this place after an hour of indecision regarding where we would grab dinner.  Straightaway, I was impressed that there was a bar area and a separate glassed off section to keep the restaurant customers away from the musky smoke smell.Our waitress then came to take our order and I got a buffalo chicken wrap (as usual) and my friend got the steak sandwich.  She loved it and I got to eat my meal (which was amazing) in it's entirety.  After that, we split a small dessert, which came out HUGE.Right about the time that we had both finished eating, we hear the waitress inform another party that since it was Wednesday that all food was 50% off for a promotion they were running.  EXCUSE ME?!So, we got great service, great food and only paid $16.00 for two meals and a dessert.  I was incredibly impressed by that.  Additionally, it's so close to my house that I intend to be a regular fixture at this place!
3	I think this place has potential!!!Has a great look to it, fun and helpful stuff...but the fact that they allowed smoking inside lets me cold...I was there for the Oscar night with my husband, it wasn't the reason why we stop there, we were just looking for a place to enjoy a drink or two, but the channel we were watching was cut off for about 10 minutes. That was disappointing, especially when the cigaret smoke wouldn't stop coming towards us...
4	Full menu even late night? Rockin'.Driving into town wiped me out, so I took a nap that somehow lasted several hours and missed dinner, so the BF and I headed here for some quality food when finally arose from my slumber.Despite the late hour, the whole menu was available, and the kitchen was still making orders well- I hate how you can go to a place that claims the whole menu is available, and then they half-ass your order. That was NOT the case at all here- we had an amazing chicken enchilada soup, though it was a little spicy for my preferences; BF got an amazing sandwich/burger (unfortunately neither of us can remember which); and I got one of the grilled chicken salads, with a homemade garlic dressing- the salad itself was huge and filling, but the ingredients and dressing were relatively light, which was appreciated as I'm trying to workout less without gaining weight.Bartender, as others have said here, was awesome- super friendly, happy to make recommendations, and just overall a good, pleasant guy.Drink specials were good, though I don't specifically remember what they were and I'm sure they change frequently.Great off the strip late-night dining option!
3	Met up a newbie Vegas-person on the other side of town for a few drinks and what not. quaint lodge that has pool tables, dart machine, slots, a huge Moose head. Bartender was sweet and made a drink to my liking. I had no idea what it was, but it was nice and sweet.
4	I like it here. Very uncommon ambiance. Huge screen for sports. Came here to watch a unlv game. Enjoyed it alot.
5	I've been coming to this rustic bar for a few years now. Always on graveyard to see my boy Chris Clay.This chain of local bars is themed after a lodge. So if antler chandeliers, guns and animal heads aren't your thing stay in the dinning area. There's two options for seating. The restaurant side that is smoke free and glassed in from the bar. Both sides offer the full menu all day. The bar side is for 21 and up. There are pool tables, golden tee and bar poker machines. There are also multiple chair and couch seating areas away from the bar. TVs all around and always on for watching games. Cider, IPA, Pilsner and stout are on tap with 12 other beers.  They have a lot of different bottled beers too and a well stocked liquor selection. Food is always good. If you're here during swing shift get the T-Mo tacos. They're top secret and awesome! Cajun pasta is always on point. Of course you can't go wrong with hot wings. They are always running different happy hour, daily food and drink specials. Especially during football season. College and pro games!
5	I love this place.. I don't know all the staff, but Steve and Monica are awesome.  You can't help but feel comfortable there.  Some bars only cater to their "regulars" but these folks are super friendly to everyone.  I will definitely be back.  Oh yeah, the food was good too!
3	"Dark and Beautiful"Tall, brunette and built like a fighter, I fell in love with her immediately. A nametag was affixed to her bountiful chest but I can't read or think when mesmerized. I'm not proud of that fact, mind you, but like a famous cartoon sailor once said: I yam what I yam.So I ordered a draft of some kind and laid a twenty on the counter. God how I loved watching her move. Athletic, precise, sexy. Like an Olympian, surgeon and model all rolled into one.Beauty returned with my beer, swiping my cash with a pretty paw. Her derriere moved spectacularly beneath tight slacks as she went to ring up the order. She returned with my change, smiled a kittenish grin, and strolled away in startling fashion. So startling, in fact, that it took me some time to notice she had given me change for a ten. No matter, it was simply another reason to have her near me again. I got her attention and explained what happened. She was very apologetic and retrieved the proper amount. When she had hip swung away I looked around the establishment.Like most bars in Vegas it was windowless and dark. When the sun blazes every day and temperatures are in the hundreds four months a year, there's no better way to save on energy. I don't particularly like it but I understand it.And believe it or not, The Lodge at Shelborne does, in fact, have a lodge look and feel. There are sitting areas with fireplaces and bookshelves, a pool table area in back. There's a restaurant off to the left and everything is done up in wood, with plenty of log-like accoutrements to pull it all off. I watched some sports on one of the numerous tellys and ordered another round.The place was pretty empty when I was there but I know for a fact it gets crowded when football is on, as evidenced by the parking lot on days I've driven by during game times. All in all it's got a nice feel and I'm sure I'll return.And I'm sure my favorite barmaid has a nice feel too.Don't ya think?
4	I love their French Toast to go.  Fabulous!
1	This was a rare occasion where I have had to walk out of an establishment I was seated to have dinner at without eating. This was on St. Patrick's day night in which as tradition I took my Mom out for corned beef and cabbage. We decided to visit this location as they were serving a corned beef and cabbage dinner.Long story shorty our corned beef and cabbage dinners come out and the beef is tough and overcooked as can be. We both took a bite of our meal and it was impossible to attempt to eat it was so bad.So we inform the server and showed her that not even the knife would cut through it.She says oh no but we have been serving it all night! I am thinking in my head, really lady well I am looking at two shoe insoles on my plate right now. The server then states well why don't I have the Chef come out and explain the meal to you?WTF, what is to explain, what is in front of me is inedible. I don't care what kind of story he tells me about it I am not eating it! Final Answer and I find it hard to believe that others had not complained about it or sent it back. So she finally takes the plates away and we left as agreed without paying. We drove over here from across town special for this meal and I resent being put in that position to have to leave over something like this. Not Cool!Never again, crossing The Lodge off of my list which is too bad because the location we ate at seven years ago on Ft. Apache had an Amazing corned beef and cabbage dinner. We called them this year and were informed they were not participating so that is how we ended up at this location.
3	It's local, it's not packed, and it's laid back. I think it's a bit TOO laid back, but if your'e looking for a quiet time to catch up with friends this place ain't too bad. Shockingly, the onion rings were SO GOOD. I really loved it. And it was unexpected. The bartender makes some really great drinks. And the prices for drinks are very reasonable. If it wasn't for the onion rings and cool bartender, I wouldn't be giving it a 3 star.
5	It seems that we have become regulars without realizing it.  We stopped in for a quick bite a few months ago and were served by Chevy...yes that's her name.  So far we've had both breakfast and Dinners and all meals were good, no complaints.  The bar is separated from the restaurant by a wall with big windows.  I cannot stand the smell of cigarettes, especially when I am eating and thankfully it is not smelled on this side. However you must go through the bar to get to the restrooms so count on your hair smelling like smoke when you return. The food is great, Wednesday evenings are snow crab night for 14.99, Thursdays are 1/2 cost entree. The wait staff are all very polite and on the ball. No waiting to be served or refilled...Great service.
1	sorry amber. your service sucked. that's why I stiffed you and told you to your face. just because you have tits does not mean you get a tip . I don't believe in leaving a small tip when service is bad. when you do that servers just call you cheap. i'm a great tipper when I get great service. I  didn't get it from you. I left you nothing because that's what you earned.
1	When we first came into the bar and sat down we were greeted by no one. The girl at the bar was just sitting on the dishwasher talking to another guest, apparently so into conversation that she couldn't greet her guests. After we all have played $50+ dollars we got our tab and only 1 drink was comped each, even though we all had at least 4 drinks. Being a bartender this is 101 to take care of your playing guests. And then the bartender Danny forced us to cash out with him, even though we weren't ready to leave. Bad service!!!!!!
3	This is a gaming bar for sure The restaurant is nice just depends on what servers that you have there are some that are super friendly and some that should not be working The food is phenomenal I recommend the chicken fried chicken
5	This place is great.  The ambiance is great, the decor is great and the service is always excellent.  They have darts, pool, golden tee, big buck hunter and a few more I think.The place has a bunch of couches and love seats which are VERY comfortable and I've been tempted to take a nap a few times, and not just because I've been drinking!  I'm glad to have found an awesome bar that's close to my house!
5	The only way you cant give this place 5 stars is if you walk in expecting it to be something that it's not. It is a bar and people. Not a four star eating establishment. You go there for good times gambling and some drinks. Amber Monica and Danny and all the other staff (even kitchen) are the reason I stay at that place when there are so many other options nearby. Five stars???I wish they had six!!!!
5	Great for a late night steak and eggs. The menu is pretty diverse so you can find whatever you want no matter who you are. The dining room is enclosed so that people can smoke at the bar which is nice. Great service all around. Been going here for 8 years and have never been disappointed. I would recommend putting a menu online though for us "take out'ers" though.
4	Country fried steak and biscuits are good. Potatoes seasoned just the way I like them to be and mu egg fried prefect. I will come again to try other items :)
2	I must be missing something here as I can't believe have many good reviews there are for this place.  Maybe we hit it on a bad day, but our experience was not good.Went in for lunch and ordered hamburgers medium rare.  Well, all three orders of burgers came out medium well, very dry and tasteless.  I have to say I think this is the worst burger I have had since I've been in Vegas (10 years).  A burger from Wendy's would have been a better burger.  Our three year old refused to eat it and she loves burgers . . . .just ate the cheese off her burgers that was an extra charge on a kids plate.The drink are sort of expensive too.  $7.25 for a beer at a non strip establishment.   Come on . . . you must be kidding.I did like the look of the place though . . .that's the only reason this place got two stars.  5 stars for concept and negative stars for food.Service was just average as well.
5	I go to the Lodge a few nights a week and always enjoy myself. The bar staff is great and the atmosphere is good. Plus there's usually a character or two to talk to. I recommend this place to my friends all the time
2	Food is only half decent IF you can even get service. And IF you do get service, you're lucky if the waiter knows the food or bar menu. Bar area was extra smoky during regular hours. I don't mind smoky places but ventilation systems are key - and in our situation, lacking. (Summary, Our waiter sucked)
1	Awful service. Used to enjoy coming here, will not return. I have had bad service before, and if servers make mistakes  and apologize or admit them, I can have sympathy. The server ignored us most of the night, and would not apologize or acknowledge his mistakes. Unhappy with how our experience ended up here and we will not return.
