5	I have visited Don's twice for brake repair and once for new tires and alignment. I have received excellent service with each visit and have appreciated their straightforward style of explaining exactly what repairs/updates need to be performed and what they find during their service. This is also one of the few repair shops I've visited that has not yet tried to up-sell me.
5	Finding a mechanic that you can trust to give you an honest diagnosis with a fair price is probably the biggest challenge of being a car owner. The guys over at Don the Car Care Man (off of Big Sky Dr) gave me a great experience on my first visit. For months, I drove my car with a low howl (annoying to say the least). I had a few mechanics diagnose it but I just couldn't afford it. So when push came to shove, I took it in to Don's and they quoted me a price that was under what some of the other "highly recommended mechanics" gave me. That could be a red flag as well (spotty workmanship comes to mind - not the case here!).They took the car from me, fixed it within 1 day and sent me on my way with a much quieter car. I have more questions/concerns about the way my '96 car is running and I know exactly where I'm taking my car, and that is a great feeling to have!...don't take advantage of me now (haha, just kidding - I hope)!
4	First off, this isn't your usual greasy, grimy, loud "good old boys" shop.  It's very nice, clean and professional. I had a problem with my power window staying down, which is never good, but a nightmare in winter. Called this place and Bill answered. Nice friendly guy who couldn't make any guarantees as to when it would be looked at, but told me to bring it so it would at least be out of the elements. Bill was very friendly, and explained exactly what was wrong in an easy to follow way, which is perfect for someone like me who knows how to drive a car but not a thing about fixing one.  We even joked and chatted for a bit. Even though the place was swamped, he seemed genuinely interested in me and my car.  His estimate was expensive, but in line with what I had been researching online and it was even fixed a few hours before they said it would  be. Taking my car to Don the Car Care Man was the best choice, and it reminded me of being a teenager again, having a problem with my car and taking it home to my dad to fix.
