1	Horrible customer service! If they treated someone who was just trying to very an employee's work status then GOD only knows how they would treat a possible client or tenant. I would move on, the girls in their office reflect their business and obviously they employee people who don't care to be a positive outlook for their company.
1	I would never rent from this company EVER again. The ladies in the office at The Monarch on Coolidge st in Phoenix are completely incompetent. My hot water was shut off without them letting us know, and they just shrugged and said sorry. When signing the lease we were promised a full months rent free, which we never got because "we could only give it the day you checked out an apartment". Our lease had to be rewritten twice because they didn't take down all the information we provided properly. And when I called MEB personally to speak with someone about my issues, I was forwarded to an answering machine. We were told the highest combined utility bill during the summer would be 250, it's October and my bill is 280. At this rate I should have never moved from my old apartment and I will never rent from Meb again.
1	Hi there-We've NOT a good experience so far with your rental agent,Tina Conde.  We were wanting to rent a home in Surprise, AZ.  It was in the process of being rented and we needed to know the status of it ASAP for the final decision to move forward with it or not.  She never got back to me nor my husband yesterday or today.  EXTREMELY unprofessional and disappointing.  My husbands co worker called her after me and my husband trying MULTIPLE times and she finally picked up.  She said it was rented.  That's ALL we needed to know.  Wanted to inform you and will inform the direct website as this is truly laziness.  We will not be working with her.  My husband said he can now see why your agency has so many homes for rent up.  Yikes!
1	Hello! My husband and I have been living in Crosswinds apartments in Chandler AZ. We are not very happy with the extermination that has been going on for roaches. The company used peanut butter in the cabinets which just attracted the roaches even more and now there is a colony of roaches living in our convection oven (which is a $300 wedding gift!)There were holes behind our stove in the wall where they were coming from! We will not bomb this place because of our two pets and the fact that we do NOT want chemicals all over our belongings, and if anything all of the buildings needs to be bombed because of horrible roach and bed bug problems! We are frankly getting tired of dealing with this issue and it should not be our problem! If our belongings get even more ruined we will have to send you guys the bill of everything we had to do in order to defend our apartment against the roaches.
5	First let me state that my review is based solely upon my interaction with Karey B, the property manager for North Phoenix (NorTerra) for MEB Rental Homes.We have been tenants of a property in NorTerra since January.  The prior property management (Metropolitan) was horrible. By far the worst I've ever dealt with. So, my expectations were minimal at best when I found out a new management team was coming in to replace Metropolitan.From my first call to Karey, to my first maintenance request, and subsequent follow ups I have always had amazing response, and have been able to reach Karey EVERY time I have called during business hours.Also, my first repair had Patrick come in from American Air and Appliance, and I couldn't be more pleased with the level of service provided by him and team. This new property management team is off to a rockin' start.Thank you Karey, Patrick from American Air, and MEB. You have already exceeded our expectations by providing better services in one month, than our prior property management team did during the first half of the year!
1	Once again.. I am reiteraing,, DO NOT EVER RENT FROM M.E.B monarch apratment on Coolidge st in Phoenix... All this company wants is money. They have no conern for the Residence here what so ever.. Promises Promise.. i have tried and tried... this Properity company is NOTHIN more then a joke and a complete rip off... they do not care about the resident they want your money. rocaches evry where. plumbing issues all over.. the lack of wanting to make the resident happy, I even was thinking of staying and transferring down to a bottom floor and thier incentive was for to stay was to charge me a $200.00 FEE PLUS RAISE MY RENT TO KEEP me.. what was I thinking.. I am so glad I am NOT staying... This is no incentive... I am so Glad I came to the realization M.E B and and the Magement of the Monarch Apratments on Coolidge st has NO Idea what they are doing nor do they care... In my Opinion I wish the Owner would wake up and take there investment back from this ridiculous joke of a so called properity magament company and fire them.. The owner could run this much better by them self... This Apratment needs a over haul so despratly.. and needs a compaionate person to run it..... I am so disapointed... MEB you suck...
1	I have been renting a property managed by MEB for close to 6 months now and have dealt with multiple issues that never seem to get resolved. I have dealt with a neighbor who has a dog who barks non stop which causes me great stress and anxiety. I suffer from high blood pressure so I need to keep my stress levels down. I called to discuss this with our 3rd new property manager and told her about my health condition and she laughed at me. Very unprofessional. I have 2 daughters that I need to stay alive for to take care of them, I'm sorry that me being concerned about my health and life is a laughing matter. It caught me off me off guard and so I didn't address it at the time it happened. I just want peace and relaxation.
1	Called to speak to who replied and got the same run around. They don't care about their tenants. The property managers are spread too thin so they quit after short periods of time. I would avoid them at all costs. We are stuck in a house that we can't sleep at night because of the neighbor's and they say I have to do all the year long work on dealing with it, they refuse to trim a giant tree they said they would when we moved in, the grass was all dead when we moved in and they expect me to pay to water it a ton to grow it back, there is 20 different light fixtures in the house, the ac unit runs all day long and never shuts off and it takes days to get any response from them. All the houses are owned by Canadians who don't live here and they could care less about you, your health or your family. Their property managers mock your health problems and laugh in your face. I have never been so insulted in my life. DO NOT RENT FROM THEM! They have a 1 star rating for a reason! Send me a message if you would like to see what I'm talking about... I'll send you pictures and video.
5	I'm honestly shocked by the poor reviews on this page. I have been an MEB resident for 7 months and had nothing but positive, quick, helpful response from them. I rent a single family home and any and all situations have been dealt with swiftly. I jumped on Yelp to praise them today because I came home a few hours ago to find one of the two air conditioners on my house not working. They had a repair man out here within AN HOUR! And the a/c guy was a sweetheart to boot! I couldn't be happier with my experience with MEB and would recommend them to anyone!!
1	I agree with some previous comments about being understaffed.  Thats the only reason I can assume my calls are never returned and I'm on my 3rd property manager in 9 months. I finally spoke to someone today and the responses were pretty generic.  Starting the first month we were here we've had issues with unannounced workers showing up to make repairs. So imagine getting dressed in the morning to find strangers walking around your back yard. No matter how many times I complain about this it happened again last week. Not the first time but the 3rd. As far as timely repairs.... were talking weeks if not months and NEVER communication about what is going on. You know, they have jt worded in their contract that they can charge you for being 3 days late on rent but for their inefficiencies the response is that they are not responsible for their vendors. You only get a 2 because your people are polite for customer service I would give you a 0 or 1 star. I've owned rental propeeties in the past and I have to say that I would be disgusted if you managed property for me. Remember without renters (customers) you have no business.Ok so it's a day after I wrote this rant and vented my frustrations to Kelly at MEB. So today someone shows up unannounced to do a survey on the pool. I'm working from home today, answered the door and allowed him access to the yard. Funny I just spoke to Kelly yesterday about scheduling workers. Was this one scheduled?  No. Not with me. He even told me that he was instructed to enter the property if no one answered the door! Whats wrong with you people? Do you value no ones privacy? Lowered rating to 1 star. Would go lower but I don't know how. Oh yea and doing my research she flat out lied to me about 2 things we talked about yesterday.  But hey if you don't know the answer just make one up.Thourouly disgusted and disappointed with the practices at this company.
1	If I could give zero stars I certainly would.  I recently moved to the Phoenix area and rented a home from a private owner.  The property was managed by MEB rentals.  The entire paperwork process was a joke.  They demanded information from me that no company has ever requested.  Information the United States government never even requested when I joined the Marines.  They refused to honor a legal requirement by refusing to waive a security deposit for my Nationally recognized service dog.  I gave up the fight after a week because it was not worth the $250.  Upon move in is when things got even worse.  When I had seen the property it had a beautiful green lawn.  When I arrived on move in day it was COMPLETELY DEAD.  They had shut the water off all month and had the let the grass go to hell.  Within the first week I had my sprinklers fixed, repairs to the garage door, and a  new water heater put in.  The fridge that was supplied does not make ice or dispense water.  Missing cabinet shelves ETC.I had no keys to the mailbox and had to obtain them myself at a cost of $40.  I have been here a month and I still don't have a pool key.  Phoenix AZ in July with no pool key.  HORRIBLE!!!!!  Every time I call it takes them a few days to get back to me.  Every time I ask about something they pass the blame to another person or party.  While I normally hate calling people out by name, I believe their incompetence in this situation warrants such personal recognition.  I have called the Manager Brandi Walsh no less then 10 times and have NEVER got a call back.  While her Co-Worker Kaitlin Beisgen "occasionally" calls back, it is never with good news and always seems to a burden for her to do so.    If it wasn't so hot out I would consider living on the street under a freeway overpass. At least then I would not have to deal with the nonsense and unprofessional-ism that is MEB Rentals.  If you have other options, look into staying at a property run by ANY other company.  I would rather stay at a property run by the racist ***hole Donald Sterling then MEB Rentals.
4	When we moved to Colorado from Phoenix we weren't able to make a house hunting trip beforehand. Therefore, I had to rely on the Internet to find a place to live. Through MEB Management Services, we rented a brand new townhouse sight-unseen. It was such a great convenience and we were all set to move in the minute we made it to town. You can also use MEB Management Services when making local moves. It's just so convenient to have rental options all in one place and someone to help you make your decision. It costs nothing to the renter.
