3	In my search to at least find cooking wine, I found my way here.As far as a community store goes they are decent.  They don't have a large quantity of items, but they have the super cheap items for people on a budget and the quality items for picky people like me.  While I didn't find my cooking wine, I did find some other items that I had been looking for.  Unlike a lot of other businesses located in these hills, this one has it's own parking lot with more than enough spaces for you.  I will remember this little place and return as necessary.
1	I am almost indifferent to this place.  Here is why...Pros:  This is the neighborhood grocery store for Mt. Washington.  For that reason alone, I think I like the fact that there is a grocery store in Mt. Washington.  For me, it is within walking distance for basics and staples and does stock fresh produce.  In addition, I am aware of some level of "investment" in the building itself so the appearance is nice.Cons:  I have shopped here twice.  Since Foodland doesn't dominate the grocery "market" in Pittsburgh, I do think their prices are a little high.  The two times I was there I was looking for a particular item.  The first was a can opener.  They sell them, but it was not in stock.  That was frustrating.  I've heard this complaint about this store other times, too.  The second trip I was looking for very particular items: hummus and pita.  Now, I realize hummus is not a total staple in the American (aka Western PA) diet, but I would have thought there'd be some demand considering the economic make-up of the Mount.  They had hummus.  Yes.  But after not being able to find it, asking a clerk, and searching, I found only one type of hummus.  The next item, pita, was also in a very bizarre place and I almost had to settle on pita chips (which they had a ton of) before two clerks located the last of the fresh pita.In all, I will fully support the Foodland in Mt. Washington and re-review after they make some changes.  Until then, I will be forced to use it only for staples which is a shame.  The staff working there are very helpful, despite the stocking and layout issues it seems to have.UPDATE: I changed from a 3-star to a 1-star because I recently went in, asked an employee for help, and he looked at me and told me to ask someone else working.  Milk only from now on.
1	This place is horrible! Where to begin....the produce is rotten, the jars of food have dents in them and their selection is awful. I think that the place is run by 14 year old kids because that's all I see when I am forced to shop there because I have no other options. I'd rather visit the Rite Aid down the street for emergencies or wait to go to another place off the mountain.
2	This is the neighborhood Foodland that has the bare necessities needed to sustain a pantry or for when the next snowstorm of the century is a day away and you only have minutes to get TP, bread and milk. The bakery here is tops, small selection, but really well made specialities. Huge brownies, iced and moist. They are easily 5 inch squares,  topped with things like Oreo cookies, nuts, sprinkles, and other yummy delights. The best thing I found is the individual pineapple upside-down cakes. Perfect for one person, these are just like the big ones, same buttery cake, same crunchy edges from the brown sugar melting as it bakes, and that almost candied pineapple that has bece one of my favorite desserts of all time.Try the foccacia dripping with evoo, fresh basil and tomatoes and mozzarella cheese, you'll never buy pizzeria pizza ever again. Take a few home and pop them in the oven and enjoy. I come here when I need the staples of the pantry like eggs, milk, even a pound of ground beef. The deli isn't the greatest but it will do in a pinch. Good rotisserie chickens too.
1	I did a quick stop for some garlic and paprika, and had never been in here before. It was the closest grocery store on the way to my friends house. There were a lot of bare shelves, and hardly a selection of ANYTHING. For basic staples this place is good, but it's no Market District!
1	Foodland, you're like a bad relationship, I just keep going back to you!  Time after time after time I've bought produce that has ended up being rotten.  Now I say it's the final straw!  I'm done witchyou!I go here because I've missed a farmers market or I'm too lazy to go to the South Side Giant Eagle.  The other day I bought asparagus that looked normal.  I opened it up and there was this RANK odor spilling out of the wrapper.  DONE. WITCH.YOU!If I could give you a million negative stars I would!  I admit, I may rebound a time or two but ONLY for canned goods.  Those are the only safe products.  But mark my words, I'll be checking the expiration dates!  FOODLAND, GET IT TOGETHER!
2	I go here because there isn't much of any other choice on the Mountain when you need something quick. However, if you're planning on actually doing extensive cooking this is not the place to shop.They hardly have anything in stock. I've actually stopped going here for tea bags because strangely enough, that is one of the [many] items they never seem to be able to have in stock. You'd think they'd learn to expand their stock of that item or plan ahead. Other items they tend to always be out of are things like alfredo sauce, certain cheeses, salad, etc... things that you think would be simple to get a hold of in a cinch but no - not when it comes to Foodland.Their prices are definitely expensive. I spend $60 here on a handful of groceries, but can do my entire shopping list for $60 at Market District or even a generic Giant Eagle.However, like I said before, when you live on the Mountain - Foodland is your only choice. If you pick up any of their bakery items, those are usually good. Produce is an absolute no-no. Everything is rotten or sour or just plain bad. Except the bananas. Those seem to be okay.And do not go here when there has been or will be a snow storm. The shelves become so bare you think the store is closing and it will stay that way for months before they get things restocked.It's really frustrating. You'd think as the only grocery store for those of us who live on the Mountain, they'd get their act together. Also, their workers... the older ones are nice, but there are workers there that I swear are 12-years-old.
