4	Sushi Avenue has opened their second location inside Sante Fe Station! It's a little smaller than the S. Grand Canyon location (my usual stop) but the sake lounge is great, it's a bit quieter, the atmosphere is still chic and the prices are still amazing. Bruce Lee is by far one of the most innovative and talented sushi chefs I have met and I have come to adore all of his creations! When I heard that the new location was up and running I made it a point to stop in and check it out during my last Vegas trip.A couple of my friends and I dropped by here on a Friday night and were seated immediately, of course we did call ahead to make sure we had seats set aside...the service was great, we had our drinks, soup and cucumber salad within a minute of being seated. We sat at the bar so we could order from Bruce and talk with the chefs while our food was being prepared.The food: I ordered the Screaming Orgasm...this dish is so accurately named....seared tuna with a spicy garlic sauce...it's absolutely amazing and I can't help but give a deserved "o" face with every bite! We ordered baked green mussels...so tender and delicious! Our Nacho Roll was mango, tomato and tuna on taro chips...I could have done without the taro chips and stayed with the tortilla chips that the other Sushi Avenue location serves. But the mango and tuna is a nice combination. Everything we had was fresh....so FRESH! The service: same as usual...fast, fun, friendly! Although I could have done without Bruce trying to hook me up with one of his younger chefs. Thanks! The point: This is by far one of the best sushi places I have been to in a LONG time! Prices are awesome, sushi is great, service is fun!! Sushi Avenue is one of the highlights of my Vegas trips. GO THERE!!!
5	THE BEST SUSHI I've ever had.  Some of the dishes we ordered were the Monkey Roll, Boston Roll, Hot Zazz, Ultimate Tuna and Ultimate Salmon, 3 Amigos, and Thai flavored Gumbo. Our favorites were the Boston Roll and the Monkey Roll.  My husband liked the 3 Amigos but I didn't think the tomatoes was a good blend to the dish.  The Thai Gumbo was quite strong, they used fresh okra but I wouldn't order that again.  The Ultimate Tuna and Salmon were very fresh and good but the sauce was just a bit sour/tangy--still amazing rolls though.  This is my top favorite sushi place so far and I can't wait to go back.  It was $140 for the 4 of us.
1	I really really really wanted to like this place. Santa Fe Station is the closest casino to my house so I was elated when I heard a sushi restaurant was coming in (even though i loved the pan roasts from Tides- the restaurant it replaced.) The hubby and I have tried this place twice hoping that the 2nd time might change our minds but nonetheless it sucked big time.Our first visit was on a fairly busy Friday night yet we were seated at a table shortly after giving our name. We had a server that was really sweet, yet very busy. We ordered a couple of standard rolls and 1 specialty roll. I will admit the presentation was beautiful, but the taste was mediocre at best. The volcano roll had some extra ingredients that weren't listed on the menu and my hubby refused to eat more than the first bite of it. Unlike the previous restaurant that was located here, there is not a full bar, only sake choices- which also disappointed us. The worst part is that after our 3 rolls and 2 glasses of tea/soda our $60 bill was given to us, but never picked up. We literally sat there for 20 minutes trying to get the servers attention until we finally got up and walked over to the hostess station to pay our bill. Our 2nd visit was much worse. This time we got there pretty early on a Saturday night. They had many tables open (which should have been a warning) and we were seated almost immediately. We ordered 3 specialty rolls an iced tea and a soda. We got our first roll after about 30 minutes. Our limited-English speaking server came by to obnoxiously apologize 15 times in between getting our 3 rolls delivered over the course of 2 hours. The place was not even busy and it took them 2 effin hours to make 3 rolls????? We weren't full after the 3 rolls, but didn't have all night to stay for more. Of course I wasted no time getting our check this time because I knew the routine and walked right up to the hostess station to demand it. I predict this place will close very soon. There is no way a place can survive with that kind of service. The price is totally not worth it. Sushi Loca is right down the street with way better service, sushi and prices!
5	I'm sooo glad that they finally have a sushi place at Santa Fe!  I frequent this place as much as I can (sometimes by myself after a session of bingo lol) -- my favorite rolls being the Ultimate Salmon and the Ultimate Yellowtail!  The sauce is to die for on these rolls and I highly recommend them!  Also, for something super-unique, I'd recommend the Monkey Roll!  It has banana, tuna, and crab... Sounds crazy but it's excellent and I make sure everytime I bring someone to Sushi Avenue 2 they try it, and they fall in love with it everytime!I have never had a bad experience here; the sushi is always fresh!  The servers are very attentive and some of the sushi chefs are really entertaining when you're being served at the bar.  It became even better when they added happy hour specials during the evening before closing on weekdays!  If you're a fan of oyster shooters, they have 3 different varieties to choose from...If you're ever in this casino, this place is a must-try for any sushi lover!The ONLY negative I can think of is that they're only open for dinner. Boo.
5	Bruce has been our 'personal' sushi chef for almost ten years. His fish selection and quality, as well as his creations are so good that we have followed him from his original location, to Sushi Avenue and now to Sushi Avenue 2. No matter your style, traditional Japanese preparation or American style fun rolls, Bruce and his staff will satisfy your craving.  In the mood for something different? Just ask Bruce or one of the sushi chefs to make you something special. I promise you will be wow'ed!We have never had bad service at any of Bruce's locations and whenever we ask, "What's good today?" we always get an honest answer and steered clear of any selections that might not be as tasty as we'd like.  Great sushi, great service and Bruce is the best!
4	We were fans of this place when it was the only one located in Spring Valley which is down the street from us... But when they moved, we were pretty sad that we had to drive another 20 mins to get a sushi fix but it's still pretty much within the city so, whatever lol.Stuffed tomato is really good, their spicy scallop roll-- scallops are cooked and when I requested that they not cook it, they looked at me weird lol. I love that they have Sapporo on tap, love draft beers!Decor is real nice, very different from their original location, much more modern here. Service is great, they are real nice here. It's the only Sushi place that my husband can say that he loves and I'd have to agree!
1	I totally called it! This place is CLOSED!
