5	The hotel was modern, clean and quiet.  It is great for business as well as families due to the studio or 1 bedroom room.  I selected a studio and was surprised! Spacious as a 1 bedroom apartment!  It had a small stove, full size fridge, microwave and dishwasher.  Granite counter tops, pots/pans, dish towels, silverware, and cleaning supplies.  I did not cook but I will keep it in mind when I travel with my family. Comfy bed, two TV's- one Plasma and nice bathroom were the other pluses.  There was a second room with a door that had a table for 6 and a large closet, wet bar and plasma TV.I believe the hotel has free wi-fi but I didn't have a laptop so I didn't investigate it further.  There is a business center and they do have conference rooms available.  I could have even had meeting in my room if I was in pinch due to the table for 6 located in a separate room within my room.The hotel was off the highway and was in a new condo/townhouse community that had lots of friendly dog walkers and a nice playground across the street.  There is a strip mall with several chain restaurants as well as a pub, grocery store and smaller stores such as card store and tanning salon.  There were other sit down restaurants in the area as well.  I felt safe walked and drove to the store during evening hours 7-8:30 PM.  Did not have to look at everyone sideways! (Chicago Street Smarts)I would recommend this hotel to a business traveler as well as a family.  They have a washer and dryer that are free and a nominal snack shop you can purchase small food items and toiletries.  It is quiet at the Candlewood so if you want to do a girl's or boy's vacation this is not the place for you!  All and all it is great place to stay at if you want more room than a standard room but don't want to pay for a suite at a chain or boutique hotel.
1	This place is horrible!  I'm writing this review from in the hotel now and there is a riot going on upstairs from us.  You can hear every single word people are saying in rooms on ALL sides.  Also the sound echoes throughout the halls and DIRECTLY into rooms.  I am fairly sure this was not intentional in design but I'm not sure how it could possibly not be.The amenities and the staff are fantastic but the guests are straight up retarded.  Staff needs to address these morons quickly and decisively.As it turns out the folks who were causing all the ruckus were a bachelorette party.  Apparently the debutards were completely wasted while waiting for their drunken school bus (this is 100% true I saw it with my own eyes).  Absolutely absurd!!!
3	Great until you need to sleep!  The pool is very warm, pillows fluffy, and all that you need to cook.  Unfortunately, this place is so loud.  Everything can be heard through the wall and I feel like I'm trapped in a high school lock-in!I'm updating to a-ok.  Once the weekend was over, things were much quieter.
4	We stayed here for two weeks immediately after relocating to Madison. As our "first home" here, there was little left to be desired.The rooms were spacious, clean, and had almost everything you could ask for. Our room was missing a toaster, but it sounds like that may have been the fault of previous guests and not the hotel. They provided plenty of cooking utensils in a variety of sizes, as well as dishes for two. There was also a dishwasher, however, there was no dish soap for the dishwasher or to be used in the sink to be found. They were also very tolerant of pets, and their fee is much more acceptable than many other hotels. The "Candlewood Cupboard" had very little variety and was way overpriced. It was worth it to take the ten minutes to walk to the Copp's just down the street.The laundry and exercise rooms were tiny, but everything worked well and was clean, and were free for use for guests. The major downside, and the reason I can't give Candlewood 5 stars, was the timing of housekeeping. Since it's extended stay, housekeeping comes weekly. That's cool! Totally fine with that. However, when you check in, there's a place for the front desk to let you know when you're scheduled for cleaning. They did not provide that, and when we asked, they had no idea when it would be. This wouldn't have been an issue except we had a cat, and we didn't want to have to put it in its crate any time we simply stepped out for fear of housekeeping coming while we stepped out. So housekeeping first showed up three days after we checked in. That was fine. It was completely without warning, and our suite did not have a "no housekeeping necessary today" sign for us to put out to help us be prepared, but it was still fine. However, they did not come again to clean our room until the day before we left. When they knocked, I told them we didn't need it, as we would be out the next day. The sad part was that the room did need some vaccuuming, as it had been over a week since our last cleaning, but since we would be out the next morning it was pointless. I also experienced none of the issues that anyone else did. The only time the noise was frustrating was when a wedding reception was held in the ballroom, and all we could hear was faint bits of music every so often. So, overall, a really great experience, other than there being no logic to the scheduling of housekeeping. Would definitely stay there again if we needed to.
5	After a long red-eye flight + layover in Chicago, we arrived at the hotel at 9:30AM bleary-eyed and ready to knock out.  We were immediately placed in an open room even though it was 2+ hrs before standard check-in time.  A four hour nap later, I was already prepared to give Candlewood a 5 star-rating! Butttt I decided to wait out my 2 week stay before posting a comprehensive review. The verdict: Room - Our studio suite was spacious and modern. Kitchen appliances were clean and well-maintained, as were all of the dishes and utensils. I didn't find noise to be a huge issue like other reviewers did, but I did stay in a room all the way at the end of the hall on the top floor. Amenities - Free laundry for guests + pool/gym, as well as DVD/CD checkout. I thought the movies were pretty up to date, but then again I'm not very up to date with movies..Location - Need a bar?? No worries! Great Dane Pub is a short stumble away. Drunchies after pounding down those beers? Toss some junk food into your shopping cart at the Copps next door. Need coffee for that hangover? Starbucks is just a turn down the street on McKee. So perfect. Centrally located, with everything you could possibly need just a few blocks away.  Management -  The front desk was super friendly and accommodating to our needs, be it back-to-back movie check-outs or..a wrench. They definitely went out of their way to make our stay comfortable.Overall, I would definitely recommend Candlewood to anyone who is on an extended trip in Wisconsin. Thank you, Candlewood, for being my home away from home. (: Tip: Take advantage of the complementary shuttle to and from the airport, it will save you cab fare!
1	Awful service!  We booked our room over a month before and the staff put us in a room where the noise was so loud we couldn't sleep! While the room itself was just OK... The fact that the staff wanted to then move us to a lower quality room with no compensation for the difference in price from a suite to a double queen disgusts me. I will NEVER return. My advice- STAY elsewhere!  I will!,,
4	A clean, comfortable, modern room with all the things you need like free Wi Fi, a jacuzzi and pool, and plenty of parking.  Free laundry, and each suite has a kitchen with refrigerator, stove, and oven.  Bus stop right out front for service to downtown Madison, and about a 15 min drive to Epic.  Grocery, pharmacy, Panera Bread, and Great Dane pub all a short walk away.  Free shuttle to the airport and back, as well as to Epic.  Not sure about the negative reviews; a solid 3.5 stars that I'm easily rounding up to 4.
3	* I was really surprised negatively on my stay here at the Madison location.  It's nicely tucked away from all the other hotels, and restaurants, but still right next to the highway 151, but a mile drive off the beaten path.  Anyways, about my rating.What I was really disappointed about, was the damp floor of my room.  They said they just cleaned it, why did they book me in it?.  I should've asked for another room, but when I arrived, it was already 10pm and I just didn't feel like informing and dealing with anything.  Lots of hotels were booked due to the events in the area.  The room rate was better than many, $99 for 2 nights (guess I got what I paid for this time), and I"ve stayed at Candlewood Suites before, but in Las Vegas, and had NO complaints at all.   The rest of the room was decent, normal sized shower, small kitchen, full size refrigerator, etc...Nice to have all that!
3	Taking a look over my reviews, I saw that I had totally forgotten about reviewing Candlewood Suites.I stayed here for my first EPIC trip and I haven't experienced humidity like I experienced there in over a decade. My review may be a bit skewed.+ Liked the fact that my room had a kitchenette. Although I didn't take advantage of cooking anything, the option was there. There was a large fridge for the studio.+ Right across the street from a shopping center. There wasn't much there but a grocery store and some restaurants. Better than nothing!+ Pretty comfortable to stay in. The EPIC shuttles only ran to the hotels immediately around it (or hotel? can't remember) so you're not spending a lot of time waiting for people to load.- Did NOT like having little to no internet access on the top floor. I had to wait to go to EPIC to do any kind of work or checkup on personal e-mails! If you need internet, get a lower floor.- Location is kind of out there. I ended up just ordering in Pizza Hut after I got fed-up with no car and bad weather. Someone else can drive to me ... thanks.
5	I highly recommend this hotel for extended visits to the Madison area.  My room was very comfortable and had a kitchenette.  The Desk Clerk (Brian) was very helpful by providing information about the area and ensuring my stay was a pleasant experience.
