1	These scammer movers advertise on Craigslist under multiple listings and multiple names in Arizona.  They advertise without a company name included in the ad.  Things to look for in the ad:  2 men & 1 Truck, 3 men & 1 truck, 4 men & 1 truck.  They have their own trucks.  1 hour trip charge (they multiply the trip charge x's the number of movers, so at a glance it appears the trip charge will be eg: $38, but if you have 3 men, it will be $38 x's 3).  When they arrive they want you to agree to fees not outlined in the ad.  By that time you're stuck because they arrive on the day of your move.  They want things like $38 extra for each large screen TV', $38 for anything over 100 lbs.  $58 extra for stairs, $38 for refrigerator, etc.  They also hit you with 19% fuel sir charge which is not based on mileage or fuel usage, it's based on 19% of the total cost of the move, including the additional charges they tac on.  They will not unload the truck at the new destination without being paid in CASH.  They more than doubled my estimate from $720 to $1610.  They advertise they accept credit cards but they don't because they are scammers and no legitimate bank would do business with them.  They hire young english speaking women, usually with hispanic accents, to answer their phone with generic company names like, "Moving Services" or "The Moving Company".  None of the phone numbers advertised in their multiple Craigslist ads match the phone numbers that they actually  use.  The men are middle eastern and very prejudiced against women.  For example, they maliciously moved all the contents from my 2 car garage at the old place into the living room of the new place.  We're talking industrial size metal shelving, shovels, rakes, seasonal holiday decorations, power tools, and much more.  My new tile floor was scratched beyond belief due to all the heavy, sharp edged metal corners and scraping of the the heavy industrial shelves that are not designed for gentle indoor living.  I would list the names they used during my move but I doubt they used their real names.  I have been flagging their ads daily and they repost them within hours using the same cut and paste descriptions of their services but they change small things such as their generic company name, (none of the names they use are legitimate LLC's or actual registered businesses), they also will change their location so that Craigslist will allow them to repost..  In my experience the workers do not understand english, only the 51 year old chubby one speaks broken english and he does not work, he directs and supervises 'his' men and spends most of the time playing with his phone.  It was he who directed the men to unload an entire 26' truckload of garage items into my new living room.  He asked for a tip for 'his' men at least 5 times.  I told him any tips should come out of his profits, since he's the one who told them to put the garage stuff in my L.R. and he was the one who was 4 hours late, he was the one who promised to bring back 4 men to fix the garage/L.R. fiasco and didn't do it.  I ended up spending 2 full days removing legitimate living room items from my living room so that I could get to the garage items and move them into the garage.  You may ask where was I when the garage items were being unloaded?  I was at Walmart at 10:30 at night pulling cash out of my debit card $100's at a time buying packs of gum and other small items so that I could pay the the cash they demanded.  They doubled the cost of the move so all I had was $800 cash when we finally arrived at my new place which was 87 miles away.  I gave the chubby one my $800 and they agreed to unload the first truck but wouldn't unload the other one until I came back with the cash.  This was my first time in my new city and I didn't know where anything was....it took me nearly 90 minutes to locate a Walmart and another 30 or 40 minutes to make it back to the new place, by that time the entire garage was already unloaded into the living room.  They never fixed the disaster they caused, even though "Habib" said he would take care of it at no charge.  These are bad people and even though their invoices state the company name: "Golden Eagle Moving Company" that is not a name I had ever heard them use within the Craigslist ad, in person or when they answer the 'office' phone, which is probably just somebody's cell phone, not an office at all.  "Habib", the chubby 51 year old told me that if he I give him a bad review he, "swears to God he'll move back to Boston".  He said he'll be back in Boston in 2 weeks.  He last did business in California but he claims to be a Satelite TV Christian/Muslem minister....the most ridiculous thing I've heard in a long time.  The men were from Egypt, Iran or Iraq (I forget which) and Turkey.  Stay away from these Craigslist movers.
1	everything the previous poster and reviewer said was absolutely true.  the same thing happened to me.  i have called the about damages to our property they caused as well and they have not responded.....its a scam    they wont even return phone calls.  karina said email the claims dept and we did with no reply.  we are currently taking the matter up with the states attorney office and bbb.   i have a feeling sheriff joes office would be interested in these stooges as well.  in any event beware   they are not a legitimate moving company.   read everything in the previous post....its all true.  PREVIOUS POST...These scammer movers advertise on Craigslist under multiple listings and multiple names in Arizona.  They advertise without a company name included in the ad.  Things to look for in the ad:  2 men & 1 Truck, 3 men & 1 truck, 4 men & 1 truck.  They have their own trucks.  1 hour trip charge (they multiply the trip charge x's the number of movers, so at a glance it appears the trip charge will be eg: $38, but if you have 3 men, it will be $38 x's 3).  When they arrive they want you to agree to fees not outlined in the ad.  By that time you're stuck because they arrive on the day of your move.  They want things like $38 extra for each large screen TV', $38 for anything over 100 lbs.  $58 extra for stairs, $38 for refrigerator, etc.  They also hit you with 19% fuel sir charge which is not based on mileage or fuel usage, it's based on 19% of the total cost of the move, including the additional charges they tac on.  They will not unload the truck at the new destination without being paid in CASH.  They more than doubled my estimate from $720 to $1610.  They advertise they accept credit cards but they don't because they are scammers and no legitimate bank would do business with them.  They hire young english speaking women, usually with hispanic accents, to answer their phone with generic company names like, "Moving Services" or "The Moving Company".  None of the phone numbers advertised in their multiple Craigslist ads match the phone numbers that they actually  use.  The men are middle eastern and very prejudiced against women.  For example, they maliciously moved all the contents from my 2 car garage at the old place into the living room of the new place.  We're talking industrial size metal shelving, shovels, rakes, seasonal holiday decorations, power tools, and much more.  My new tile floor was scratched beyond belief due to all the heavy, sharp edged metal corners and scraping of the the heavy industrial shelves that are not designed for gentle indoor living.  I would list the names they used during my move but I doubt they used their real names.  I have been flagging their ads daily and they repost them within hours using the same cut and paste descriptions of their services but they change small things such as their generic company name, (none of the names they use are legitimate LLC's or actual registered businesses), they also will change their location so that Craigslist will allow them to repost..  In my experience the workers do not understand english, only the 51 year old chubby one speaks broken english and he does not work, he directs and supervises 'his' men and spends most of the time playing with his phone.  It was he who directed the men to unload an entire 26' truckload of garage items into my new living room.  He asked for a tip for 'his' men at least 5 times.  I told him any tips should come out of his profits, since he's the one who told them to put the garage stuff in my L.R. and he was the one who was 4 hours late, he was the one who promised to bring back 4 men to fix the garage/L.R. fiasco and didn't do it.  I ended up spending 2 full days removing legitimate living room items from my living room so that I could get to the garage items and move them into the garage.  You may ask where was I when the garage items were being unloaded?  I was at Walmart at 10:30 at night pulling cash out of my debit card $100's at a time buying packs of gum and other small items so that I could pay the the cash they demanded.  They doubled the cost of the move so all I had was $800 cash when we finally arrived at my new place which was 87 miles away.  I gave the chubby one my $800 and they agreed to unload the first truck but wouldn't unload the other one until I came back with the cash.
1	Interesting that all the reviews are bad.  I was thinking that maybe I was the only one.  DO NOT USE THIS company.  Their workers are lazy and moan and complain the entire time.  They set our furniture on the tops on the ground without pads. Multiple items that said fragile were smashed, funny how the items that did not notate fragile were in fine condition.  Many items were not even tagged for inventory so we don't even know if we have all our items.  I watched the crew break our outdoor lights, they admitted it apologized and put the broken glass in the trash, now I'm being called a liar by the owner of the company.  BEWARE!Well all I have said must have really hit a nerve.  Poor babies now accusing me of harassing them with this review. How sad
1	Worst movers, scammers will charge for a step, will charge $39 fro blister wrap horrible people
1	Golden Eagle Moving company - I found them on Craigslist - they offer 2 men for $29 or $27 an hour. They are SLOW, they didn't pack the truck well, tried to hassle me for more money, tried to add on charges because of my furniture, left half my house behind because they said their truck was full, refused to go upstairs or they would charge me more money, argued with me for an hour about how much money I was going to pay them, argued with the boss for 30  min as he yelled at me about how  much money I should pay them. Refused to go back and get the rest of my stuff, said he would have to make a  new invoice with all new charges, said it would cost more to move my appliances because they are heavy. these people are seriously horrible. They try to get anything out of you - load your furniture horribly, treat you and your stuff like crap. The worst experience I have ever had moving. I would NEVER recommend this company ever. They are nothing but scam artists. BEWARE!!!
1	The biggest scammers ever, BEWARE, every post on here relates to what they did to us. Furniture held hostage, dozens of up charges, lazy employees. Police had to be called to stop their threats, demanding more money, only cash.
1	showed up an hour late outside the promised 8-10am time frame. the moment these greasy fools walked in they start talking extra/different charges (which i refused to pay) came very close to telling them to just go away, but had no other options. took 1.5 hours to load up, moving slow as hell but still had the nerve to ask me for water.. i couldn't believe it! then kept talking to each other in a foreign language which upset me because i knew those cowards were talking shit. once they arrived at the destination they wanted payment UP FRONT before unloading. i prepaid them for an estimated 1.5 hours to unload (based on the load up time) but suddenly they're moving with hustle like i never seen! took them only 40 minutes. your crooked karma will come back to you! i sleep well at night knowing i earn an honest living and you assholes have to bust your ass robbing people sideways to earn a few punk ass dollars. cuz thats all walking shit stains like you all are good for. get your shit right golden eagle moving.. more like golden pigeon..the phone numbers they used to advertise are: 602-500-7426480-207-0125
1	Seriously I want to cry. I booked this moving company about 2 weeks ago for today's date. I happend to call yesterday to confirm. Apparently they lost my work order and promised to be there at 10a as agreed upon. I picked this company because I'm a single mom, 22 years old and I don't know anyone out here to help me move. Anyway I found them on craigslist and for 3 guys it was 38$ an hour. I went from a 2bd upstairs apartment to another 2bd upstairs apartment. I was quoted $275 grand total over the phone. So this morning they didn't show up until 2 hours after they said they would be there. So I let that slide thinking life happens but I answer the door and it's these 3 foreign kids about my age and they started hitting on me! They were seriously being gross. They asked me to initial certain lines of the contract saying that they were not responsible for damages unless it get insurance so believing them I initialed. After taking THREE hours to load the truck, we ended up at my new apartment. They told me in order to unload they would need payment in full. Fine. But they tell me it's going to be $569. I thought they were kidding. I only had $300. Period. Til next pay day. They told me since i had stairs, shrink wrap, my couch, and 2 TVs all were an added charge ranging from $10-$50 each. I was shocked I told them no way that wasn't what I was quoted and then they told me you signed here, and here where it says you half to pay us in full before unloading, with cash only or they can keep your stuff. I told them I only had $300 on me. And tried to negotiate but they wouldn't budge so I told them okay here's $300 cash, start unloading, I have a friend who will be off in 2 hours and he'll give you the remaining balance. They said hell no, we need it all now. So I tried giving them a debit, credit, and personal check which they all denied. So they charged me for an additional hour and "overtime" my $250 quote went to $569 to 742$. I ended up calling the police because they were getting pretty vulgar with me. The leading lady came out to see what was going on and one of the movers reached out and grabbed her boob!! Wtf? So the cops come and they pretty much tell me I'm fucked and they took advantage of me. Only took them an hour to unload the truck. Ended up leaving at 8p when they started at noon. The part that made me the most angry was I had labeled all my boxes clearly in which rooms they belong in, and I figured you know the crib and my bed would be obvious. These guys piled all of my things randomly everywhere and now I half to organize them and they're pretty heaving including some furniture they put in the wrong room. Please dont go through this company, if you absolutely need movers, go with someone reputable or at least has a website (not including craigslist) I'm so upset. Lessened learned.
1	I won't go into detail because I can't say anything that others haven't already said about this group of thieves and liars. They showed up more than an hour late, they brought three men instead of two (which of course cost more money), and one of the movers was on his cellphone text messaging the entire time. Then to put the icing on this already very unpleasant cake, they charged me $500 more than the price they quoted before they loaded my things. So pretty much they will quote you a low rate, then hold your things hostage until you pay them a much (stupidly) higher price. When I spoke to the manager, Lisa, about this, she snidely asked, "If they were late and showed up with more people than you asked for, why did you still use our services?" Hmm, I don't know Lisa, probably because I'm an honest person who still believes that most human beings aren't bottom-feeding, lying, thieving scumballs that make a dishonest living coercing people out of their hard earned money. I still believe that, your company just happens to be an exception.  Oh yeah, and they damaged the chaise portion of my two month old sectional. Seriously, don't EVER use Desert Eagle Moving unless you like giving your money to horrible people.
1	If I could give this company a zero star rating I would. Everything all the reviews said is true. Showed up late. Held our furniture hostage and charged 140$ over the  quoted price. They barely speak English. One of the guys had weigh 100 pounds. Us two girls moved just as much as they did because of how slow they were and they were not being careful with our stuff. The receptionist had the nerve to tell me she was the supervisor. How are you the supervisor and the receptionist? Lies. DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY. YOU WILL BE SORRY
1	Created a Yelp account simply to warn people away from this company. Total scam just like other reviewers indicated. First off, the movers were an hour late, were lazy, slow, pretended to not understand English, took several smoke breaks, and took no care in protecting furniture (all my ikea stuff is scratched and gouged).Originally I was quoted an hourly wage of $39.99 with a 22% gas fee and a one time trip fee. I was only going 2-3 miles to my new place. Upon arrival at new apartment, the movers handed me a new invoice with all sorts of extra charges that were not stated earlier, as well as an ambiguous total amount for which they could not demonstrate the math they used to calculate it. Refused to unload the truck until the money was paid and invoice was signed. SCAM SCAM SCAM. Do not use this company even in desperation.
4	I can understand a lot of these reviews based on the business, and not having full disclosure on all costs and aspects of moving.I would have to say my girlfriend and I just had quite a good experience, though, with Golden Eagle.We got the shaft from a different company, as they never even showed up. We called Golden Eagle and booked a last minute appointment. We asked all the right questions, made sure we understood all of the associated costs and potential add ons, and agreed to use their service.The two men that showed up were accommodating, quick, and friendly.These men far surpassed our expectations based on the previous reviews.We appreciate the last minute help.Thank you
1	This company is unethical and quotes one price on phone and then movers charge another price.  Horrible customer service on phone.  Avoid using this company.  Bad company.
1	NEVER USE THIS CO! quote $135 for 2 hours, the travel time & gas & when they showed up the ppl couldn't even speak English tried 2 make me sign the bill before they started,took them forever 2 load, then when they went to unload they tried charging me extra & there was a 30 min fight about the rates finally when they did unload they broke my king bed frame &rail. they were incredibly rude the owner was a joke. he threatened to drive off w all my stuff. the guys were so scrawny & smellythey didn't even have water. worst experience ever!!
1	This company is like dying, going to hell and meeting the devil who then asks you to bend over and grab your ankles. I won't repeat what others have said, but everything said has been true of my experience. 4 hours to load, 1 hour to unload, you get charged for 9 hours of labor. They even alter the "contract" after you sign it. And they totally want to call the police because they know it's a civil matter and they just F'd you and F'd you good.Anyone who has been unfortunate enough to use this company, should get even. Ask for your contract and file small claims against them for fraud and excessive time charges. Call and book moves for phantom locations so they show up and miss other real customers. That alone would be an act of kindness for some stranger and save them from this nightmare company!Or better yet, file a AZ Atty General consumer complaint against the company using this form: https://www.azag.gov/complaints/consumer For anyone reading this who hasn't booked yet, please check craigslist and cross reference the phone number. This company uses close to 50 different names and numbers.If you haven't booked a move, then please do yourself a favor and ask these questions:1. Costs for trip fees and gas surcharges2. Cost for extra things like shrink wrap, TVs (yes they charge extra) and stairs3. What does "work" mean for their 2 and 3 men crews. 4. What is their pay policy and do NOT allow a cash only company. If they don't take credit/debit or checks, they are looking take your cash and leave you no recourse if you're unhappy5. Ask to see their insurance and bonds - I doubt they have them6. REFERENCES - it doesn't take too long to ask for 3 people who used them and then decide if those people are shill references or real moves.
1	All of these reviews are spot on!!  I work in the same complex as their office and since they are friendly, I thought I would get a deal - NOT!!!  They did the same thing to me.  Quoted me one price and charged another.  I had 3 heavy things (rated as over 100 pounds).  They charged me for 10.  If it was under 100 pounds, I would have moved it myself.  These cheats need to be run out of town.  Never again will I hire someone until I check their reviews.  Live and learn!!
1	I have never had a worse experience with a company... ever.  The workers and managers at golden eagle moving are deceitful and down right hateful.  We were over charged and they used our items being in their possession as leverage to make us pay more than agreed.  On top of that they did several thousand dollars of damage and lost several items. Including a $550 dyson vacuum, $300 steam mop and other things.  Even scarier is they delivered at least 10 items and decorations that weren't ours. After weeks of fighting on the phone with them, I went to the warehouse in tempe to try and find our vacuum we were desperately needing.  I forced my way in their storage area and was disgusted with what I found.  They treat our furniture like crap.  Piled all around a welding/autobody/garage and you could never tell one families items from another.The people there got pretty upset when I started taking pictures and they were pretty ashamed.  I've gotten no resolution for my damaged/lost items. I am now taking them to small claims court to get back some of our loss.  Feel free to reach out to me and I will gladly help you do the same.  I have never been around bigger crooks.
1	Can I give 0 stars ? These movers have a lot of bad attitude. Let's put aside the fact that they don't tell you the truth about the actual cost. I had given them my from and to address on the phone and they told me I'd be charged an hr for the trip charge. It was approx 25 miles distance. They charged doubled that after they showed up. Then the entire thing should have been 4 hrs. They showed up at 1pm, we should have ended at 5 right ? Well they took several breaks and told me "we'll stop the clock don't worry " and when we got to the destination, they harnessed me about paying or they won't unload the truck. They sat there for a good half hr, so i gave them the cash w a little extra, to show that despite the harassment to pay before the job is complete i still appreciate the help. It's hot and moving is hard. All my boxes were clearly marked, but boxes labelled "kitchen "were placed in bedroom and vice versa. This stuff is heavy and i paid movers so i wouldn't have to worry about transporting heavy stuff around the house. Then they dumped half my stuff in the garage and at 4:40, they said they were done and refused to move my stuff from the garage to the inside of the house when i asked them to not dump my stuff there because the 4 hrs were not up yet. The mover gave me a lot of attitude and screamed at me and said he's worked more than he was supposed to. I paid 4 hrs beginning at 1:00 pm, and a 2 hrs trip charge for a 30 mins drive and a 19% gas fee, even if we don't include the 30 to 45 mins they took breaks AND refused to unload the truck until I go to the ATM to bring their cash, 4 hrs would be from 1 to 5 pm. They shouldn't have dumped my things in the garage. Instead he yelled at me and they both sped off in their truck at 4:40 pm. I called the company but they wouldn't pick up their phones since i had already paid. This is a very bad way of treating customers. I don't have cash sotting at home and they only take cash and money orders. However you never know in advance what they're going to charge you but they harass you to pay upfront BEFORE the service is rendered. My worst customer service experience.  NEVER AGAIN would I ever deal with them. I should've checked reviews first, but you live and learn
1	This is the poorest excuse for a business of any kind.  They are rude, and you might as well double what they quote you.  They have no regard for anything and when you call the office they lie and won't tell you who owns the company or take responsibility for their actions.   They also go under the name of Two Guys + Truck, so who knows what that is all about.  They sent me movers who don't speak English, had no tools, left my gate open so I had to go find my dog - unbelievable jerks.  The only reason I gave them 1 star is because it won't let me put minus!!!  Ohm and they damaged the patio table they delivered.  Worst people ever.
1	Horrible crooks !!! These people are con artists and are now impersonating another moving company with good reviews to get clients ! Please file a complaint online with the attorney general if they have scammed you and damaged your items.
