5	This club is nice.There's basketball that is surrounded by a well planned floor.  I see this as Gainey Village 2.0 - a slightly better version.They work out rooms are designed for each purpose (cycling and Yoga with others I haven't tried).  They yoga room has stars in the ceiling that sparkle.Such nice improvements to the pool area, upstairs lounge, locker room and cafe where they merge it with the atrium area.  If I retire ever, it'll be here.
5	With my recent move came a change of healthclub/gym locations too...It was hard to say goodbye to my friends at the Camelback location of the Village, but DC Ranch is an amazing facility.  Top notch equipment, classes, cafe, boutique, pool, and more... I especially like taking spin classes here - Brian, Michelle, Mimi, and Amanda are all standout instructors.  It's kind of like an escape from reality to get into your workout zone at the DC Ranch village.  It's a 5 star facility no doubt, but you do pay for it!  If anyone reading this review ever wants to buy me a present, I'll gladly accept spa services from the Village - it's spectacular!  (Well, I've only had waxing and massage, but both are phenomenal).  Can you tell that I'm in love with the Village?
5	You will get the best Hair cut of your life from Jamie Dix at the salon here.She gives the most evenly blended hair cut ever!!!Jamie has a way of looking at you and knowing what color/cut would be the best for your face/styleHer range is amazing, she can do funky but still professional (somehow) or just give you something very out of the box.She is the only one there that does updoes and African American hair.Seriously, once you get your hair did from Jamie, you wont ever go to anyone else!!!Peace*********Update*************She Moved to Green With Envy Salon
5	Pedicure fans, listen up! The pedis at this club spa are fabulous. Yes, they are pricey at $55 but they last about an hour and are the most relaxing nail experience I've had in a while. The sunlit pedicure area is tucked behind the salon in a secluded row of lounge chairs, each of which is sectioned offed by a soft privacy curtain. Pedis start with a quick soak in a foot bowl and then back you go in this comfy recliner (and off you go to la-la land). Your feet are at a comfortable level for the nail technician, which makes it all the more pleasant. I don't remember much after reclining but when the nail tech gently brought me back from unconsciousness about an hour later, my nails where perfectly shaped and polished and my rough heels where soft as a baby's you-know-what. The Express Pedi is $35. I'll be back.
5	First, let's be clear. I'm no gym rat. I have a series of unsubstantiated fears that range from dropping a weight on my forehead to flying off the treadmill and ending up in a heap in front of some super jock. And in this particular joint, I also have a fear of looking fat. So when my husband and I won a free membership to the DC Ranch Village Health Club, I was like, "whatever, sure, we'll go. But I won't like it." Well, he got addicted to squash (how completely snooty, huh) and made fast friends with a crew of really great guys, while I got addicted to yoga and have made squat for friends but I'm very centered and at peace, thank you very much. The yoga room has an amazing ceiling lighting system and the club attracts some of the Valley's best yoga instructors. My favorite time to go is on Sundays when Katie teaches a Yoga 101 class followed by Restorative Yoga class that's all stretching and laying there like a big cat. I practically float out of the room after those 2 hours and don't even care that my au naturel boobs aren't alarmingly perky and my butt shakes a bit when I walk.
5	I have been a member at the Village since it opened in 2005...Wow, it doesn't feel that long ago!  I absolutely love the club!  But I must say I went for a deep tissue massage with Janet this weekend, and it had to be one of the best massages I have ever gotten.  I wish I could go once a week, but that is not in my budget!  If you are looking for an outstanding massage....go to The Village Club at DC Ranch Spa!
5	So, I'm a 24 hour fitness kinda guy and have been for say well, 6 years now.Until...4th Of July weekend 2009. I head out of the valley and back to LA to soak in the Southern Californian rays and 70 degree temperatures when my former roommate hits me with it..."24 hour fitness sucks man, check out this new place called equinox I got a membership to".Needless to say, screw you Rob. After discovering a gym that does NOT cater to meat heads and "I'm too hot for you to look at me, creeper" women I started my search frantically for such an experience upon my return home.Good ol' yelp, you've done it again, I found The Village using you and I must say, HOLY CRAP, now equinox back in LA looks like 24 hour fitness!!  So, yes it's pricey, (triple digit range and a hefty club buy in fee) but at that rate they keep out the 30,000 dollar millionaires (which seem to be very abundant in the local area) and provide the member an excellent and VERY enjoyable experience. I LOVE this club from the steam room to the events they provide (they even had a Hell's Kitchen party for Sabrina, the clubs chef and a contestant this season, what's that tell you about staff quality ;) )On a side note though, I understand that it IS DC Ranch and family life is dominant in this part of town. However, kids of the affluent seem to run rather wild through the place come afternoon hours, so just make sure to be patient ;).
5	I am a member at all the Villages, but I really like the DC ranch location.  It is Big and Open, with all the things a good Health Club needs.  The steam rooms and locer rooms are always clean.  The classes they offer are great and there is something for everyone.  The restaurant has a little of everything.  They also do a lot of community events and socials to introduce you to your membership.  This is more than a health club it is a community.
5	I love all the Villages.  Finally settled on DC Ranch since it was closest to my house.  For awhile, I was going every day since I was training for the Tour the Tucson. Since I was going there every day, I noticed quite a few things~ the friendly staff regardless of the hour or time of day, the diligence in keeping the health club 100% clean without feeling intrusive, and everyone I came across was a pleasure.I saw weight lifting equipment that was out of order fixed by the next day.  Spencer and Kevin Shephard at weight lifting really know what they are talking about, Mandy Campbell was great to work with on the pilates machine, Chris Warmbold is great in membership.  And the members were always friendly to me.The amazing thing about the Villages as I have experienced not only at DC Ranch is that the environment turns working out from a chore to a pleasure.  For this I'm thankful.If you want to go to a place not just for working out but looking for a community as well, this place is for you!
5	I have been absolutely blown away with the quality of this gym. I recently transfered to the DC Ranch Village from the Camelback location. While I will miss the polar plunge and the bar by the tennis courts of the former location, you can't argue with how nice this location is.Sure, some might complain that the monthly rate is too high, but the equipment is nearly brand new, there are a variety of classes to take all the time, there's tons of towels and water refilling stations, the rental mountain bikes for the local trails are free, the place feels like a resort (very much like the Montelucia), the locker room looks straight out of a country club, and the pool with the mountainside views is spectacular.
5	Come on now... It's the nicest gym around.
5	So happy I found this place... Didn't realize what  a dump LA fitness was until I went in and checked this place out.and extra $100 bucks a month is worth being able to use an obsessively clean locker room/sauna/steam, have a locker, have room to work out...I have found I spend 3x as much time at the gym being at Village vs what I spent at LAFitness... it makes working out go from being a chore, to being something desirable... atleast for me.The ONLY thing I can complain about is the price, and it's hard to complain about it because I like the place so much...
5	I love, love, love this place! First class staff and amenities. The locker room is incredibly comfortable and complete. They offer several different kinds of group exercise- yoga, pilates, bootcamp, stretching, zumba, kinesis, and more! My favorite teacher is Suzy. Go get your youth back in her Athletic Stretch. It's a very family friendly place, but I didn't find the children camps going on to be any sort of bother. Plenty of space for everyone! It is a newer, luxury facility, and the cost reflects that. However, it's not like there's a limit on how often you can go or what you can use, and they have so much to offer,  that it's not unreasonable. Besides the leisure and lap pools (with mountain views), there's racquetball and squash, plenty of cardio and weight machines, free weights, stretching devices, basketball court, pilates machines, a boutique, a cafe, and of course, the Spa. I couldn't believe they let you rent out mountain bikes too!Truly a health club, and a very fine one at that.
4	Luckily for me, most gyms in the area offer a free week, so I've been able to try a couple since I moved here a few weeks ago. This gym is my favorite so far!Size-wise, this place is gigantic, but is easy to navigate. The locker room is big & even has a lounge with a TV. I like!I went at random hours of the day & never had to wait for a machine. I went to a spin & pilates class as well and both were great. Bonus is the retail area by the front desk. Lots of cute shoes, clothes & bags. Only downside: price. If I remember correctly it was about $550 for the initiation fee and then about $160/month. I can usually justify spending money on my health, but in this case, I'm not sure if I can! When I get through my Tour de Gym we'll see where I end up...
5	First Class health club in AZ.. Trainers are top notch.Cant go wrong here! love this place.
5	Simply first class everything when it comes to a Health Club and Spa.  All of the workout equipment is cutting edge along with the many other amenities including the classes.  Outside year round heated lap pools and water park for the children.  A full gymnasium in the childcare area is more room for your children to play in an athletic and healthy environment.  I love the fact that all of the water dispensers in each of the workout areas have fresh squeezed lemons to quench your thirst and cleanse your body.  When your finished with the workout retire to the steam room to relax and have a nice shave.  The cafe serves a diverse menu with everything from Salmon to wraps and they are all amazing fresh and delicious to the point that I often prefer to eat here than other local restaurants.  Top to bottom without doubt the finest quality health club in Arizona and a real testament to you get what you pay for.  Gotta go its gym time.
5	I love this health club!  I wish I lived closer as it's the nicest Village in AZ. There are so many great machines that can work just about anything and so much room so you aren't waiting to use a particular machine or elliptical.  It feels like "home" being there and everyone is so friendly.  Just like being around people you care about every single day.
4	An absolutely beautiful gym with pretty much everything you can ask for in one spot. Nestled within DC Ranch, walking up to the Village is like entering a luxury resort. The professional staff greets you cheerfully as they scan you in. You descend to the luxurious locker room areas where your membership card serves as a key for your daily locker. The locker room is stocked with everything you need to get ready for the day post-workout - showers feature shampoo, conditioner, lotion, shaving cream, and even razors. Fluffy white towels and washcloths are plentiful, and there are vanity stations complete with hairdryers, flatirons, curling irons, q-tips, cottonballs, mouthwash, and makeup mirrors.Stop by the water station on the main level to fill your cup with ice and water to take with you while you work out.Once you hit the gym-floor, the options are endless. Upstairs is an extensive cardio area with ellipticals, stairmasters, and treadmills. There is also jogging track, a Kinesis area and TRX area on the upper level. The main floor has a basketball court, racquetball courts, and a weight training area with a few hidden surprises like a Curve treadmill (not electronic and VERY challenging) and Jacob's Ladder. I've attended several group classes including Pilates mat classes, Interval Training, Kinesis, and Core, all of which have been challenging and fun. The trainers are friendly and helpful, providing good instructions. The equipment is in good condition and is plentiful. The cafe has some great healthy options for a post-work out meal, although they also offer some pretty tempting non-healthy options as well (Pizza, chili fries, cookies) which are tricky when you're trying to burn off those calories :) Features I haven't yet used are their childcare (which I hear is wonderful), the salon and spa, and the pool. The gym can get a bit crowded during peak hours and I've had a few workouts that were derailed from my original plan because there were group classes taking place in the area I planned to use (ie. the weight area) but the nice thing is that there are so many options that it's not too tough to readjust. The Village is one of the few places I can say it is a pleasure to work out :)
1	This gym is awful! They do not play music so it is dead quiet, they keep it so hot that I've actually called down to the front desk while on the elliptical machine to complain, they really don't need to light that giant fireplace when it's 50 degrees outside, they have an entire room devoted to spin but do not have any classes between 11 and 5 and when they do have a class it is hot, humid and smelly from the class before, speaking of spin class, they are so dark and loud you can neither see nor hear the instructor let alone check your form in the mirror or compete with your neighbor. The price for membership is off the charts, the only nice thing about this place are the personal trainers.
5	First Class.Love this place.  I just need to stop eating at all the best restaurants in town, and spend more time in this place.Seriously, staff is great.Classes are really good - and hard.Equipment and amenities first class, top notch.Go see the 2012 Manager of the Year - Chris Warmbold to belong.Tell him I sent you.
5	Great Health Club period
5	We recently joined The Village after locating to the neighborhood and left a smaller declining gym in Cave Creek. WOW, what a difference. From the moment you walk in, you feel like you are at a resort! The service and employees are excellent. The equipment is too notch and always sparkling clean...dirty gyms are my worst nightmare! The womens locker room is absolutely fantastic and had everything you could need. And the yoga. The yoga studio and teachers far exceed anything I could expect out of a non-speciality yoga studio. AND a hot studio is being built! The monthly fees are pricey, but you really get what you pay for here!
5	There is NOTHING else I could ever ask for in a gym. I'm sitting here trying to rack my brain for something that would make this place better and am drawing a blank. Maybe if they paid me to work out? That's basically the only thing that could make it better.The space is stunning. And CLEAN. The locker room is like I'm getting ready in my own home. There are tons of showers (with soap, shampoo, conditioner, shaving gel, razors), several rows of mirrors and sink space, blow dryers and curling irons, hair accessories, bzillions of towels, a little area to sit and watch TV, etc. I've not worked out here before work, but I can only imagine it's not much harder than getting ready at home.The workout space itself is practically perfect. Rows of every type of elliptical and treadmill and any other workout machine you could think of. There are tons of TVs either in front of your machine or on the wall. All the weights (both free weights and machines) are on the first floor, along with any type of accessory you could need.The "mind body" studio where the yoga classes are held is simply gorgeous with it's starry-night lit-up ceiling and calming, warm atmosphere. Protip: when you want to attend a class that is marked as reservation only, call a day ahead and make sure to pick up your number at the front desk when you arrive. If you attend barre class, you will have to fight me to a good spot ;) Come early!Every staff members I've come into contact with is polite and courteous and very willing to go out of their way for every member. Every detail, down to the ice and water machines and free coffee shows that members are the focus here. I really love being a member here.
5	This club is great. The service is incredible, the gym is clean and they have anything you could ask for.
4	While I'm not a huge fan of the massages.. The facials are hands down the best around! I love that they use organic products, explain without trying to sell, and allow you to relax and enjoy! Of course the steam room is amazing as well! Great facility with a lot to offer!
5	love the tennis
