5	Love it already!  Had to go on the grand opening as we'd been anxious for this BW's to open since we first saw the sign that it was coming!  They were BUSY at 11AM and they didn't miss a single beat!  Servers were friendly, smiling, attentive, and seemed genuinely excited to be there! The vibe is awesome there, the layout with the TV's and decorations were excellent. Every other restaurant in this building has closed within the first couple of years, however I'm betting with this Buffalo being here, they're in for the long haul! Keep up the excellent work, we look forward to coming back! :)
1	this was the worst experience I've ever had at a place that calls themselves a bar!! we went in and tried to to order shots and they told us shots or drinks not both . and the food we ordered tasted like salt and grease!!!
2	Pretty rough first attempt here. No silverware. Mediocre service. Asked for water three times before we got it. Sure it will get better as it is a new place but pretty rough thus far.
1	one word: disappointing!My boyfriend and I were excited to see that this location was opening as we frequent the BWW at the pavilions quite often.  However after our experience tonight, we will be driving the extra few miles to the pavilions BWW.Service started out great and our server was very attentive.  I ordered a wrap and my boyfriend ordered the CRISPY buffalo chicken ranch sandwich.  However, we were brought over 2 wraps.  My boyfriend informed our server that he had ordered a sandwich and not a wrap and our server said it would be right out.  About 10 minutes later, my boyfriend was brought a GRILLED buffalo chicken ranch sandwich.  He informed our server that his order was still incorrect and our server insisted that he entered a crispy chicken sandwich in the computer.  After a minute, he came back with the sandwich and said that they were OUT of crispy chicken and that's why he got grilled chicken.  How do you run out of crispy chicken?  I think that showed us that their chicken is FROZEN and NOT fresh.After apologizing, the server told my boyfriend to order whatever he would like and that he would be taken care of.  He ended up ordering some boneless wings and fries with cheese and bacon.  The food finally came out (mind you I had been done with my food for 30 minutes) and the fries had a piece of SLICED cheese (think Kraft American singles) "melted" on top of it!  It was unbelievable but at that point we just wanted to be done with the whole experience so we did not say anything.We finally got our bill and when our server said that we would be taken "care of" what he really meant was that they would take off the 2 incorrect items (the wrap and the grilled chicken sandwich) that my boyfriend received.  I don't know about you, but when I go to a restaurant and I get the incorrect item that I send back, it is GUARANTEED that I will not be charged for it.   Should I have thanked him for taking off the items that we never ordered in the first place?I also would like to point out that my boyfriend ordered 4 beers during the course of our meal since his food took so long to come out.  I could not believe that they couldn't even comp him a beer.  We don't go around looking for free meals, but the service and experience at this BWW was totally disappointing and we will NOT be returning.We ended up paying $50 for a terrible experience and we will NOT return.   I understand a new restaurant will have kinks that they need to work out.  However, I do not understand not even attempting to satisfy the guest or make their experience a little better.
2	Food was delivered wrong and cold. I know this place is new and is going to have growing pains but. ... Lots of employees wanting to seat you and no paper towels in bathroom and trash can full? ???? Staff tried to be nice but is obviously more interested in customers money than great service or food. After speaking to manager who said thank you for complaint but never offered apology. Seems customer relations training is in order. I have been to lots of Buffalo wild wings and this is not the top notch service that I am accustomed to. Also they need to keep in mind when hiring staff there are two bars with mediocre food and service within 1/4 mile with more attractive employees.
4	Nothing to complain about at good ole BWW. This new location has a different layout with a wrap around bar which looks like a kitchen top counter. The bartenders on this weeknight were not very busy, so we got to chat and Jenn was very talkative and nice. They had $3.75 Coors biggies and soon enough 10pm reverse happy hour rolled around and they had $3.00 Bud Light biggies. I just wish they had a better happy hour menu or more choices or discounts on real food. I did try the chicken wrap, grilled, but should have had the pieces tossed in sauce, instead of spices, which I could not taste. Jenn did get me more spices though and the wrap with chips/salsa as a side hit the spot, but was just middle of the road in the wrap world. Huge big screen TV dead center too, so this place should do fine as usual. Better to go when less folks are there in my opinion.
4	Quality service, as good of wings/beer as anyone around and a great patio with extra shopping options.
3	Beware the extra 60 cents charge for ranch dressing those wings. Not even on the menu. Staff was attentive and food and drink great!
3	I was happy when this location opened cause I enjoy a lot of the other locations, although, this place definitely needs to work out those new restaurant kinks first before I will find myself visiting again.The food was good as usual, exactly what I expected from visiting the other locations. Good wings, wraps, sauces, etc. Prices are decent, great happy hour, etc. No complaints in any of those departments. Basically the food alone and the great atmosphere gives this place 3 stars.However, when it comes to the service, well, that is also why I am only giving this place three stars. The service is slow, everyone seems confused, and no one seems to be able to remember something more than 10 seconds. We sat outside cause it was a beautiful day weatherwise, everyone else seemed to agree cause the inside was fairly empty. There was plenty of staff, but it still took way too long to even be greeted with a drink order, then the drinks took a while on top of that. Once we ordered the food, it did come quickly, but one meal was missing it's side, and when we asked for extra ranch, that took about 15 more minutes to get. The missing side didn't even show up till everyone was done eating, which was also after reminding our waitress two more times about it. I will probably visit this place again, but not anytime soon. Just be warned, if you plan on going here, the service is not up to par yet with the other B-Dub locations in the valley.
2	Poor service ask for water 3 times and never got it.they charge extra for ranch dressing 60 cents so be careful. had 3 different types of wings Ultra one in one basket and could not tell which was which. they need a lot more staff training , would not return for at least 6 months.
2	I will echo the other reviews that service is slow and painful here. We waited about 35-40 minutes for an order that would have taken 10 at any other Bdubs. The poor waiter was not even apologetic until we handed him payment. Food was as good as any other location, but the service made the meal barely worth it.
5	All good at bww!!! Great food great service fast and accurate! !! First trip here was not good but this time was great. Thank you! !!
5	I always get the Buffalitos and they never disappoint. My favorite are the Honey BBQ buffalitos, but I got the Caribbean Jerk this time and they were a good substitute with a bit more of a kick.
2	Went in around 11pm on a Saturday night and this place wasn't very busy. Our server only had one table (ours) and completely disappointed us. We ordered a couple of beers and took about 10-15 minutes to get them to our table. Then we ordered the snack size wings for me and the buffalo grilled cheese for my husband. When we got our food (which took longer than should have for only being about 5 tables in the entire restaurant) I noticed that I only had 4 wings in my basket when the menu specifically says "at least 5" for the snack size. So I asked the server politely about it, because I understand it's not always the servers fault. He responded saying "on really? Well the number changes every week."... Then why does your menu say "at least 5"? He then told me he would get me another one. As for my husbands food, it was cold right off the bat, and only had a few small pieces of chicken. Time went by and we finished eating what we had. Our server brought our bill and I never did receive that last wing. Pretty disappointing service for being his only table. I can only image what he's like with a full section. I wouldn't have minded if he had just told me that they were out of wings for the night (if that were the case) by laziness doesn't fly in my book. Ps. I gave this place 2 stars because it was the nicest bww I've been in so far. But that's not all you need to make a good restaurant. Hire some hard workers, Buffalo!
2	The happy hour was good on the drinks and appetizers for $3. And during happy hour, the boneless wings were 60 cents. But that's probably the highlight of the place when it came to wings!The rest of the wings were pricey. Around $6 for 5 wings? Really? Yes I know you have sauces (let me tell it's pretty mediocre) and you have the giant TVs but I can't really seeing myself paying for that much for wings.I would go there for the $3 menu and 60 cent boneless if you are into the boneless stuff. Go somewhere else for tastier and cheaper wings.
4	Update: We decided to try this place out again and we're glad we did!  Our server, Nick, was awesome.  There was a small service goof but it was quickly taken care of the correct way.  We have high hopes that they've worked out all the wrinkles and we'll be returning.
3	The place opened about 2 months ago waited for to get the bugs out so I came here with husband and son  the food was really good  had wings , sliders , chicken strips and salad   Placed order at 1225 took 20 mins. And the place wasn't even half full about 35 40 percent.   Can you imagine if it was 75 % full cause of a game plan on a hour wait.   Place is nice TVs every where so if you want to watch a game you can see it every where you sit.
1	Dude! Who the hell charges $9 for a friggin caesar salad with nothing but a dab of croutons, and less less than a full chicken breast! My salad sure didn't look like the one on your website #failhttps://imgur.com/2St7MWmCan I at least get some vaseline with your overpriced salad? A cigarette perhaps? Maybe even some cuddle time?Now how about!?
2	We came here for lunch on a Thursday. The place wasn't very busy but service was so slow. it took nearly 45 minutes from when we arrived until we received our food.  otherwise the service was pretty good.  My drink was never empty and the staff punched our lunch cards extra and apologized for the wait. I got the boneless wings and they were just mediocre. My fries were a little cooler than I would have liked.Overall, it's not the worst place to go for lunch.
2	I visit this place whenever I have cravings for wings. Traditional, bone-in is what I always order.  The taste exceptional and variety of sauces all taste good.  This is the extent of my review. Service: Slow and almost nonexistent.Price vs. Value:  As another reviewer stated, a $9 salad is way out of line. Wings are also priced at a premium compared to other places;  one can pay more than $11 for a plate of 10 wings if ordered with usual condiments like carrots and celery sticks. If one adds either fries or onion rings + a soft drink,  now the bill comes close to $20 per person.Orders are frequently wrong or items missing.As I stated, I only go there because I like the taste of their wings. I tune out all other elements.
5	Quest for Wing Perfection  In the mess of pizza delivery joints, dive bars, fast food drive-thrus, and chain restaurants, the search for a quality chicken wing can be arduous, fruitless, and downright frustrating at times. Something about delivering a high-grade hot wing poses a curveball to many respectable establishments. In the greater Phoenix area, restaurants that make an admirable chicken wing are few and far between. Buffalo Wild Wings stands out from the crowd in this age of chicken wing mediocrity as it provides customers with first-rate service, inviting atmosphere, delicious food, and most importantly the best chicken wings offered in the state. Whether it be a family gathering, business oriented lunch date, solo outing, or a meet-up spot to watch the game, Buffalo Wild Wings is always the right call.Food is not the only great thing at Buffalo Wild Wings, the service and atmosphere is awesome as well. Inside the restaurant you will find a friendly waitstaff ready to guide you on your American cuisine endeavor. Upon entering the restaurant I was greeted by a friendly hostess who quickly escorted me to a booth while handing me a menu and rattling off the daily specials. Shortly after being seated, our waiter arrived and introduced himself as James. With a quick greeting and friendly smile he took our drink orders and hustled off to fulfill them. Throughout the meal he was there to refill the beverages, grab sides of ranch, and drop off extra napkins. He even made a point to continuously check on my table and assist any others needs necessary. James provided the perfect balance of service without lingering or disrupting the ongoing conversation.  The surroundings in the restaurant are just as good as the food and service. The booth my girlfriend and I sat in was very comfortable and private, which was a pleasant surprise. From my seat I counted over 30 televisions I could watch comfortably, making Buffalo Wild Wings the perfect spot so settle down and watch the sporting event of your choosing. The great staff and impressive atmosphere make Buffalo Wild Wings a great place to relax and spend a couple hours inside. When it came time to order my girlfriend and I chose to split an order of jalapeo poppers and a large order of wings. We elected to order half of the wings medium buffalo and half parmesan garlic. The poppers arrived relatively quickly and were very tasty indeed. The crisp breading coupled with the cheddar-stuffed jalapeno made for a flavorful combination that left me wanting more.  The poppers were a great way to start the meal off right and whet my appetite. When the star of the show arrived things seemed to get quiet for a moment as James set down the two heaping baskets of delicious chicken wings. The parmesan garlic wings had a creamy and rich flavor that reminded me of an Italian pasta dish. The parmesan garlic wings were very flavorful and a nice break when the heat of the medium buffalo became unbearable. The real star of the show, the medium buffalo wings, outshined all other aspects of the meal. Making a truly great buffalo wing is quite the tall order. The perfect hot wing is an often replicated but rarely duplicated American classic that is appropriate for almost any occasion. An ideal buffalo wing has a tangy sauce with a nice amount of spice, but not a mind-blowing, taste bud incinerating level of heat. It has to be meaty and cooked to perfection, which means no dry or uncooked regions of the wing.  It must have a crispy outer coating without feeling like it was battered and deep-fried or drenched in flour.  Lastly, the wing must be sweet without leaving the consumer with a sugary aftertaste in their mouth like they just ate a piece of candy. I'm not sure if this was the criteria that Buffalo Wild Wings set forth to meet, but I do know their wings are all of these things and so much more. They are unquestionably the best wings I have ever eaten at a restaurant.I left Buffalo Wild Wings with a full stomach and feeling of content. I would recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for a great place to enjoy some terrific food. Buffalo Wild Wings is truly one of my favorite restaurants in the valley and I plan on returning in the near future.
1	I wasn't happy at all with the service. I asked the waiter for ranch and he did not bring any. So I ended up asking another waiter for ranch. Still didn't get anything. I asked my waiter again for ranch and he finally gave me some. I know BWW gets really busy inside but the service needs to be more efficient. I will not go back
4	This is an audio visual extravaganza, one that will wow your senses.Over a gozillion flat-screens complimented by their piece de resistance; a fifty-foot* flat-screen at the head of the bar. The other thing I quickly noticed is how bright the lighting is, making a good pair of beer goggles nearly impossible to obtain. The wings are, well, wings. What separates BWW from other wing joints is their many sauce features. My personal favorite is the mango habanero. It's spicy alright, but the flavor. The flavor is if Venus herself wandered into a chile patch, gobbled down several scotch bonnets, then nursed you with her chile-infused milk.Holy shit are these things good. Hot, but good.Another little feature is their blazing wing challenge.This is where some guy comes out of the back dressed as famous oil well extinguisher 'Boots' Hansen, and just after serving your wings, sets off a major explosion in your mouth hoping to 'cap-off' your fire.They do give you a t-shirt for your trouble (and tears) so it's all good.Be forewarned!The next day is a motherfucker if you do take the challenge.I got pretty sick, but in fairness to BWW, I was never really sure if it was the blazing challenge, or, the fact that I spent the night passed-out in the Walmart parking lot huffing generator fumes from the Insane Clown Posse's tour bus.I never liked those guys. Did they ever have a hit single?And why on earth do they have a cool tour bus?*not really fifty, but it's major big
4	Went here for lunch with some friends that picked the restaurant.  They had been here before.  This was my first time at this location but had been to others on Sundays for football.  The whole atmosphere changes for weekday lunch.  I had the Black and Blue burger.  No choice in how it is cooked but it was juicy and quite tasty.  Food came out quickly and we were checked on frequently and our iced teas were kept filled.  If asked I would not hesitate to have a weekday lunch here again.
4	Usually go here for take out, I work down the street. Very clean, service is fast and courteous
4	I eat at BW-3 quite a bit since I have been eating there since I was 18 in Ohio.  I do like the company as a whole. food is good. A bit more pricey than I would like, but I go anyway. The reason they didn't get 5 stars is because after going there at lease 1 time a week since opening, the food doesn't always come out hot. Some of the wait staff are either really good or really bad. The inconsistency is what is the issue and with a few changes they can be stellar. The place is always clean. Bathrooms for the volume are in good shape. But its the front line people. The kitchen can have the food up and they are busy talking on the floor.  They have a good happy hour and a lot of good specials during the week. The TV's are awesome. But they have to agree on a volume. If i am going to the restaurant, I don't want to have to fight over the volume. this has only happened a few times.Bottomline, I love B-dubbs and want them to succeed. I will continue to go there, and you should too. Just a few minor adjustments.
1	Having eaten at a Buffalo Wild Wings in Philadelphia, I just assumed that the quality would be the same here in Arizona. The food in Philly was pretty good for a sports themed restaurant. Unfortunately, it is not nearly as good here in Scottsdale. My wife and I decided to stop in and watch the World Cup and have lunch. The quality of the television picture was good the food not so much. We ordered the Ultimate Nachos with chicken and an order of fries. The server asked if we wanted the one pound or three pound basket of fries. I said one pound is more than enough. Again, you just can't assume things. The food came and the fries were in a small cardboard tray. If they were a pound, I am going to be the next King of England. Now on to the nachos. The chicken which there wasn't much of was small colorless tasteless pieces sparsely spread on top of the chips. The chips had some cheese on top and very little to none on the chips toward the bottom of the dish. There was no chili to be found. After a taste or two each we sent the nachos back. We asked for our check as we didn't feel like doing any further sampling of this location's menu. We came, we sampled, we won't be back.
5	Restaurants should be rewarded for taking care of business and having good employees.  I arrived 10 mins before lunch hr was over but had to go to the cox store. I walked in an Tamara the host helped me. I asked if I could order my lunch so I can get the lunch special but run to cox quick. I hate missing the lunch special. She honored my order. I came back an the food came out 5 mins later. Kudos. Thank you Tamara!
4	When it comes to BWW, I expect the same mediocre experience every time.  Inattentive wait staff, noise, and adequate food.  Well, fellow Scottsdaleians... I was proved wrong.  Walk into this BWW unlike any other and there are a countless number of TV's plastered on the wall.  Be greeted by the hostesses up front and welcome yourself into the bar area of bliss.  Seating is plentiful and this was the best BWW experience I have ever had.  I don't have one complaint!  We were both in shock over how amazing the service was here.  We stuck to the lunch combos on this one.  They were very happy and willing to put extra toppings on the fries (queso, medium sace, and bacon bits) at an extra charge.  They have awesome tablets to play trivia on instead of those grimy 1990's looking keyboards.  We have found our new BWW and glad to say it's one of the best!
3	First time at this location, got take out and everything food-wise was consistent with any other location I have been to, I was picking up take out.  The number of televisions was pretty amazing - no empty wall space at all here.  The set up is a lot different with no counter order area right at the entrance, instead they have a hostess stand.  Still very sports bar-ish but with more of a restaurant look/feel.
3	Food was very good.  Service was super slow.  Very very slow..  I think they had to grow the food
3	Although it's pretty much brand new, it seems to be going down hill a bit because of the constant staff changes. I try to get there every couple of weeks and there seems to be an entire different staff every time!
5	Been here several times now with the bf and we both love this place! As soon as we walk in, we are greeted and immediately seated. We usually sit in the bar area at one of the high tops since the boyfriend loves football and can watch the game AND act like he's paying attention to me lol We order drinks and place our orders within 5-10 minutes of sitting down. Never had a bad meal or experience here :)
3	Grown men in football jerseys, tons of little kids and overpriced beer...who decided to create a family friendly sports bar? It was my first and last time.I do have to say our server - Chi/Chia? Was incredible and a saving grace for the whole experience. All of the staff appeared to do well at their jobs.Guess I'm just not a $8 beer/basket of boney wings/screaming toddlers on their iPad/inattentive parents getting drunk kinda gal.
1	Um.... yeah. A group of my coworkers and I went to this location last Friday during our lunch hour. We walked through the doors at ten after eleven. Our party of six stood at the front for nearly ten minutes (the place had a few tables, but wasn't in a full-tilt lunch rush, yet.) before a server noticed us and led us to a table. We put in our orders and then waited... and waited... While the place filled up with a typical Scottsdale lunch crowd.How long does it take to make wings and fries? I actually know, from working in restaurants back in college. I takes about eight minutes, from fryer to plate. The plates hit the table at about five after noon. The company I work for has an hour lunch. We ended up staying and eating, but everyone was late getting back, and we were all thoroughly annoyed. However, because a manager knocked 50% off our tabs for the inconvenience, and the wings (when they appeared) were actually decent, I didn't enter a negative review at that time.So... I forgot all about it, until today. One of my co-workers noticed that  his bank was charged more than he signed for at that lunch. Not a lot - but wtf?Never again; steer clear - unless a long wait and minor fraud are your thing. Nobody's wings are good enough to put up with that bs.
5	BEST SERVICE WE'VE EVER HAD. Period. The server, Dustin, was very knowledgeable and was able to give honest opinions on the wings to sway us into our best choices. Plus, he gave us his full attention, with constant check ins. The food was also amazing; from mozzarella sticks with extra melty cheese (since we've encountered plenty of places where the cheese was hardly melted) to an amazing selection of wings flavors (we got 5 different flavors and loved every one!). This location is definitely going to become one of our regular spots for date night.
3	Short staffed so the service was good for the situation. Food was good, my only problem is they aren't showing the Arizona state game on the big screen. Can't believe the fan base here...leaving at the half
1	First time here and probably last. Service was poor, food was bad and it took forever on a Tuesday when the place was empty. It took 25 minutes for an order of 5 chicken wings - which is supposedly their signature item!!!  What happens when they are actually busy?  In a market that is saturated with sports bars, there are DEFINITELY better alternatives. Don't waste your time or money.
1	Serious new low. They need to change management.  Where to start.  Maybe I'll just list:1. The new manager Steve doesn't accept the free snack size coupons because they are for 7 days only. This is from the free wings for a year promo I won.  So it's actually free wings for a year as long as  you go every week. Yes they are dated.  But not only do other managers honor them, but OTHER LOCATIONS honor them. I tell the waitress, "I have a whole stack of them in my car.  Does it really matter?"2. Waaaaay too loud.  I know what a sports bar is.  The decibels were off the charts. 3. The free wings I got were not only cold, but actually seemed chilled. They were below room temperature AND hard as rocks. 4. Food took FOREVER to come out. 5. When asking the waitress for extra sauce bc for one, they didn't make my cold, hard, wings wet; it took 15 minutes to get the sauce. Then she wanted to charge 60 cents even though I had declined sauce for my sons tenders.  I think that enough for now. I've wasted enough energy on this tonight.
1	Horrible! This place is a complete train wreck. Our first tray of food was knocked onto the floor and i watched the server pick it up and put it back on the plate.  Second time food was ice cold and half the order was missing. Grand finale we were double billed for everything.
1	One time - shame on you. Many times - even more shame on you... I know what I'm getting into with a "chain" sports bar - average food, overpriced and an average ambience... At best.  The service is the one thing you can manage and BWW has the worst.  Time and again - the staff react "shocked" that I'm not fully prepared to order from the 19 sauce combinations on the spot.  Bottom line - BWW is "off the list" as its clear why they've been struggling on a corporate level, because they can't get their act together on a store level.
5	This is our first time at their new location. The restaurant had a great design with TONS of TVs. The food was great, and the service was as well. I tried the brat burger tonight and it's easily on my top 3 favorite burgers
5	I really don't see why the reviews on here are so low. I go to this particular BWW's at least once a week, if not more, because of the great service and food. Tonight They were packed but we got our food and drinks at a normal rate. But the greatest part was Brylee! She was the guest experience person tonight & she was on top of her shit. Some douche kabob kept yelling for the TV that multiple tables (mine included) to be switched to hockey, although we were watching football. So they change it to hockey, we get pissed and ask them to change it back. This douche is yelling at us, the bartenders & waitresses. But Brylee went around to each table and asked what we wanted to watch & what TVs it would be on. She was great & it was awesome the bdubs has someone like her come around to make sure everyone has their game on.
3	Love the food, BUT got here 45 min early to watch 1:25 steelers game and they had NO idea which TV it was on! Really?! Blue 32, Zipps, Cold Beer and Cheeseburgers always have the TV schedules done ahead of time!
2	I watch a lot of football at sports bars because my team is not local. Most places have schedules and a specific set up of what teams will be showing on particular TVs. This place has no organization whatsoever. I'm surprised I go to Zipps one of their major local competitors and they can tell you exactly what TVs will have what games. This place can't tell their blank from a hole in the ground.  They bill it on TV commercials as the place to be for sports. I disagree strongly.  Food is great service is decent but don't come here for sports
5	****Updated Review-It is my duty as in elite member of yelp to keep up with reviews and to make sure that my reviews are current as well. As I've had bad service here in the past which you can read below, I have visited here multiple times since that event and feel it's time to give them back the five stars that were once taken away. The blonde Manager( I don't know what her name is but ) she has done an exceptional job in making sure that people are happy. I have watched from afar what the staff does not just judging on my own personal experience.I don't want the result of one bad night manager to get in the way of a whole chains reputation. It's just not fair. So for that reason thank you for taking care of business and getting back your five stars.
2	The only thing going for this place is the amount of TVs they have. This is the 3rd time we've been here and it's terrible. The service is beyond awful. Our waitress had to be tracked down every time we needed something. She never cleared out table in a timely matter from dirty plates/cups. The table next to us had to go take their check and form of payment to her after tracking her down for the check to begin with. She wasn't the only waitress like that either. Rather go to Zipps. Won't be back.
2	Three stars because the food was good. The waitress was horrible. The service sucked. The only nice person was Troy the guest services guy. I had to keep asking other servers for drinks and for the box and bill.  there's plenty of better ones around.
2	45 minutes in and I haven't gotten my wings. I can probably count all the customers here on my two hands. This is ridiculous.
3	Went in for a late dinner on a Saturday Night and was surprised that it was not busy. Less than half filled.Service was good and with the waiter there to fill our drinks without having to ask.  Unfortunately it took a long time to get our food at least 20 plus minutes when it was slow and we ordered a salad, deep fried mushrooms and 10 wings.The wings were good size with a lot of meat. I can say so long to Native Grill with their ever shrinking sized wings. The deep fried mushrooms were small and dry and disappointing. The chicken salad was good size and looked fresh with a small amount of chicken. I will come back for the wings but skip the deep fried mushrooms.
3	The three of us had a nice time munching on some chicken and getting sensory overload, all the while feeding my self diagnosed ADD. BWW is still the place for chicken. Yeah, and some beer too. We were so happy that the corporate suits decided to give north Scottsdale another try, after closing the location up on Mayo, near the 101. This location is convenient and has ample parking now that Miracle Mile closed. Actually, even when the place is packed on a Saturday or Sunday game day, there's only a small wait. I could try and compare some of the other chicken places, like that orange and white hot pants place. But we come here for some of the best chicken and beer, with HDTVs everywhere and that sensory overload you just can't get anywhere else. I love it. Three and a half stars, A-Okay!
1	After being blitzed with TV commercials about this chain, finally brought family. Huge disappointment. Worst nachos ever had. Skimpy on chips, hardly any cheese, and no real toppings on basic nachos. Even though wings their specialty, had better from home delivery options. Service was sketchy at best.Worst is my 10 year old went to play one of the arcade games, which ate his money with no play. When he went up to the service area he was told that there was nothing wrong with the game and he should try again?! With more money?! He was upset, I followed up and he received quick refund. Should have been handled right first time.
2	Not impressed!  Went to watch the steelers playoff game and while they have a lot of TVs they had the sound up so loud even during commercials which is really annoying.  The wings were not that good either.  They looked like they had been prepared by a kid.  The sauce was gooped on and those with rub looked like they just poured the rub spices right on them and much too much.  Lastly, when ordering draft beer our server didn't give us the option of a smaller size (pint versus 22oz).  I had to ask if I could get a smaller size.  A confirmation of the size at initial order would have been nice.
