2	Big 5 hasn't been that great for a while but always decent enough when you're in a pinch. This location isn't even that. No kids sizes at all, always out of most of the other sizes.  Prices aren't that competitive when compared to a sports authority or dicks sporting goods. Not to mention the staff is terrible.  Do yourself a favor and drive the extra mile down the street to Dicks Sporting Goods at the San Tan Mall.
5	Customer service at Big 5 was awesome! Chad took time to help us out and answer our questions. He checked other stores to help us find the out of stock item we were looking for. When he found out all the other stores were out as we'll he made sure we had a courtesy card so we could come back. We didn't even have to ask, he just took care if it. Thanks for the outstanding service!
4	Every time I go to Big 5 I am amaze at this place. They have absolutely awesome prices and when you look at the store, it doesn't seem like they have much inventory. But somehow, they always seem to have just what we need!You guys are great Big 5! Please keep it up and I wish I knew the secret on your great prices... especially the sunglasses. Crazy deals!!
2	I can find basic stuff that I need, but the staff are just horrible.
5	We've had great customer service each time we have gone here and I love their weekly coupons & ads.  The things we want or need seem to go on sale when we need them to.This location had a better selection of shoes than the Chandler location at Warner & Arizona Avenue, which I have been going to for a long time.  And, we found not only did they have better selection of shoes, which included kids stuff, the prices have been lower here than the Chandler store.  We always get friendly service when we come here.  When we bought a bunch of stuff on Black Friday here, they helped us wheel all our stuff to our vehicle and put the items in.  How nice is that?  And, we also bought a lot of shoes and the guys whom helped us out, they were all very patient as we were buying multiple shoes for our whole family.Great sale prices and coupons, so this allows us to stretch our dollar much further.
