3	Great Carolina Burgers, ( A Cheese Burger with chili and coleslaw on top)  They also have delicious chicken sandwiches.  This restaurant has the ambiance of a 1950's diner, complete with the seats at the counter, fast friendly staff, and tasty milkshakes.  The Carolina Soda Shoppe also serves up some amazing thick onion rings, crispy, crunchy, and delicious. A great place to stop in for a real burger and milkshake, and just relax on a warm Carolina afternoon.
3	I have to say, this place wins the award for best use of optical illusions.  I walked in thinking the dining area was twice the size that is actually was due to the mirror running the entire width of the wall.  Other that tricking their patrons into thinking the place is bigger than it is they mix up a pretty good soda.  I stopped in here to cool off after an afternoon seeing what this city has to offer besides it's 100+ degree heat.  I'll definitly be back to check out the food next time.
4	Park Road Shopping center isn't like most strip malls.  Instead of boring, ubiquitous businesses like Subway and Sally's Beauty Supply, Park Road offers an eclectic collection of local restaurants, toy stores, book stores and other boutiques.  Sometimes it feels like walking back into the 1960s, but honestly that's part of the charm.No business personifies this more than the Carolina Soda Shoppe.  From great burgers and shakes to fried okra and applesauce, the menu has something for everyone's taste.  The restaurant is tiny with maybe 10 tables in total.  That said, I've never seen it so busy that I've had to wait very long.This place is definitely a local business; its owner clearly attends a nearby church and has prominently placed what I would call "Christian Kitsch" throughout the establishment.  There's even a sign up front that says if you bless your food you'll get a treat.  I'm not religious but if I can pray my way to a milkshake, sign me up.The food is good; not spectacular, but good.  The burgers are not the best but they're darn tasty.  It definitely hits the spot when all I want is a cheeseburger and some fries.  I highly suggest trying the fried okra as well.I was going to give three stars because this place is so low key and "average", but honestly it's not trying to be anything else.  If you're expecting a high-end diner, go somewhere else.  If you want good, simple food at a comfortable local joint, this is your place.
4	This place gets 4 stars from me, but mostly because I'm such a sucker for soda shoppes.  This place is cozy (i.e. small) with booths along one wall and a bar with mounted stools along the other.  Their menu is mostly filled with unhealthy fried/greasy foods but all of it is extremely tasty.  Last time I ate here I got a grilled peanut butter and banana sandwich and it was delicious.  The real reason I like this place is because of their desserts, which are mostly ice cream.  I've had a brownie ice cream sundae that was wonderful and last time I was here I got a hot fudge milk shake that was gone in seconds.  I don't think their ice cream is really all that special, but for some reason it tastes better to me when it's being served in a soda shoppe environment.  Another thing I like here are the prices, everything's very reasonable.
4	They have good food and I love their Hot dogs!
4	I drove pass this place and figure today is the perfect day for a coke float.  And indeed it was. I love the fact that I get to sit at the bar with the rest of kids. Feel like 1950s.. I intended to order the foot long hot dogs with the works. But the cheeseburger with grilled onions, mayo and lettuce with a side of fries AND onions rings came flying out of my mouth. The cheeseburger is good. Not as good as Mr. Ks. But the onion rings was delicious. Crunchy and just the right amount of seasoning. The coke float reminded me of home so I know where to get one when I do miss Wisconsin. Staffs are friendly. And they kept the place every clean and orderly. And the food come fast. I will be back.
4	I love this place. Good burgers "all the way" with slaw, mustard, onions, and chilli are quite awesome in my opinion. My toddler loved the strawberry shake and ate half of the plain cheeseburger.  Fried okra, pickles, and onion rings added delightful pairings to the burgers.  Grandma and my wife also enjoyed their burgers. This place is always a must when I visit Charlotte.
3	Have to agree with my cuz about this place. Went with grandma as well, along with my other cousin and aunt. I had a burger and coke. Yummy, simple, feels home-y.
3	My husband and I have been trying to come here for months but because of it being too early or too late or Sunday, we couldn't.We finally got to go today for lunch. My husband got the baby club which was a generous size. I got chicken strips which was disappointing because it was only 3 small strips and 2 small sides for almost $8! Ridiculous. It was obvious that the strips were out of a bag but they weren't bad. They had nice,crispy and fluffy crinkle cut french fries and the Mac n cheese was really good and homemade.My husband also ordered a coke float and I had a chocolate ice cream cone. The float was good, vanilla ice cream was on point. Chocolate ice cream was good but the cone was really stale.The place could use some renovation but I appreciated the oldie goldie music and the friendly wait staff.
2	I was very disappointed with my egg salad sandwich. It was over priced and tasteless. I read a review about how good it was so I had to go there and give it a try. Really, $4.50 for that? The potato salad was pretty awful also. Just not for me I guess. The service was friendly so I'll give 2 stars for that at least.
4	Simple and good for fast lunch . My kids enjoy
4	I'm lucky enough to have a flexible work schedule which allows me to pick up my kids from school periodically. Our typical next stop? The Soda Shoppe and a seat at the bar (always). Ice cream for them and a hot dog, hamburger or BLT+pimento cheese for me. Fast, friendly service that won't break the bank.
3	Took some advice from some yelpers; all I got to say is simple but good. Great spot close to home; I kept it a simple order of a cheese burger and chili cheese fries and it was awesome tried my daughters Mac n cheese which was pretty good as well. I have never seen my wife eat a burger the way she ate at the soda shoppe. I must admit my wife's and daughters burgers were bigger then mine, I was jealous!! Great big manly burgers that couldn't fit in the hands of my wife and kids. Plus my youngest tried her first root beer float! Service was good, but the place is really small. I love the old school feel of the place; felt like I was in the Back to the Future movie. Burgers, fries, ice cream and soda floats OH MY!! Where was this place when I was 10.
4	Carolina Soda Shoppe is great if you're looking for a place to go and get some good ol' Americana food with no frills. I'm talking: burgers, hot dogs, fries, onion rings, grilled cheese sandwiches, and shakes. This is another time that I wish I could give 3.5 stars. This place isn't incredible and the food isn't to die for, but there is something to be said for not trying to be something you're not. Carolina Soda Shoppe does a great job at sticking in it's own lane and offering standard american fare. This bumps it up to 4 stars for me. The place has a really great atmosphere with a nostalgic feel of a 1950's diner. They have old Coca Cola advertisements on the wall, vinyl booths, black and white tile floors, and retro bar stools. They also have some good oldies playing in the background (think Temptations, Commodores, and Marvin Gaye). The food was nothing to write home about, but it was exactly as advertised. I got a standard pimento cheese sandwich. It was very tasty. The pimento cheese had a nice spice to it and was melted the perfect amount and grilled. My girlfriend got one of their hot dogs, which was pretty standard. They do have the option of doing it Carolina Style (coleslaw, chili, and mustard), which is always a positive in my book. The price is definitely one of the high points of this place. I think my pimento cheese sandwich ended up being less than $4. Everything was served with a smile from the wait staff and they all seemed like they were enjoying their jobs, which is always nice. You can tell that this is just a small family owned place that wants to share their family and religious values with their customers. They have multiple christian adages at the register and even have a sign for the kids that says they will get a treat if they bless their food. Once again, this is Carolina Soda Shoppe apologetically being themselves. This is a good place to go if you're looking for a good cheap lunch. It is also a good place to bring your kids. I would recommend stopping in if you're over in the Park Road Shopping Center.
