5	Sasha provides the best services in Las Vegas. Her gel nails are comparable to none. Her spa pedicures are relaxing yet fun!  Her personality is such that you would think you have known her forever.  Anyone would be crazy to go anywhere else!  Go see Sasha!
5	Sasha is AWESOME!!!  Great personality and an absolutely wonderful technician!  I love my gel manicures and pedicures.
5	I'm superrrr picky about getting my nails done but Sasha is absolutely amazing!! I left with my nails perfectly shaped and the cutest design ever! Had the gel on for over two weeks and it didn't chip once!! She is such an amazing and creative nail artist! Highly recommended!!
5	I would have to say that I havent ever been that picky about getting my nails done. I have been loyal to an establishment once I get in there and see what the talent available is there. In san diego I was with the same salon for 8 years but in that 8 years I did find the one person I truly liked having my nails done by so I followed her to her own shop making our time together much longer. So in saying that, I havent been in Vegas long enough to setup more than an establishment loyalty.Then I met Sasha. I had been going to a salon here for a while but I guess I was somewhat tired of feeling like a number and getting frustrated with intermittent shotty nails that would last a month one time and then fall off 2 days after getting them done other times. I found Sasha through yelp and others working in the Icon Salon and after seeing her work and verbally hearing her praises I decided to get an appointment and try her on for size. Sasha is very talented when it comes to nails. She uses the gels (which I hadnt ever done before and was seriously skeptical of because I am seemingly hard on my nails). She does 3D artwork and shes open to new designs and suggestions. She prefers her clients to be somewhat knowledgeable of what they are asking for from her as an artist. She doesnt use the dremel looking sander to prep the nail for fills, rather she uses just a nail file. This is beneficial to your nails as it doesnt dig down into the bed of the nail and cause the nails to be so thin and brittle. This is a huge advantage for me in that I have been wearing nails since I was about 20.I highly recommend Sasha as she is easy to get along with and you will be getting quality nails by choosing her as your "Master Nail Specialist" (yep, made that one up!).
5	Sasha does AMAZING Nails!!! She does anything from a classic French to detailed Nail Art! She gives quality work & GREAT customer service. Can't wait til my next appointment!!
5	I have had Sasha doing my nails for 5 years.  I have followed her from being the "MOBILE" nail tech to going to a upscale salon. Her new home is at Icon Salon.  She is so good to my nails and feet. My hands can not wait for the every 3 week date. I will give her the color I want and she just goes for it. Sasha is not only a wonderful nail specialist but she is such a wonderful person. She listens to what the clients wants.....  If you want a nice set of gel nails and beautiful master piece of art them go see her TODAY!
5	sasha is truly amazing!  If you have your nails done by her you will never go anywhere else! And she is the nicest person ever!  I have my nails done every three weeks and they look amazing!  Call her today and make an appointment!!
5	Sasha is the bomb diggity!
5	Sasha is amazing!  It was my wedding day and my regular nail girl had slept in and missed my appointment, I found Sasha on yelp, I told her I needed an appointment in the next 15-30 minutes!  She fit me in to her already busy day. Sasha did a fantastic job!  She is organized and professional and truly a sweetheart. Love love love her!  I have found my  new nail girl! Thank you Sasha.
5	Sasha is amaaazzzing!  Love her and my nails look great.  I will be back. I just relocated here from Chicago and have found my new nail girl.  Yay.
5	Sasha knows her stuff! She does an absolutely fabulous job, is very creative, and she also has a great personality which makes the experience of getting your nails done all the more fun. Nothing polishes off your look like a beautiful manicure. I wouldn't go to anyone else!
5	I found the one! Sasha! She was just amazing, knowledgeable, friendly, and passionate on what she does... Nails! She uses a nail file to shape the gel and only uses the drill to take off the nail color... Wow! She is the only one I know that does it.. I'm hooked! I will not go anywhere else! I'm lucky that I went to her today instead of my nearby nail salon.. I wanted to get my pedicure done by her too, but she was fully booked and I just got lucky that she had an opening today-the lucky caller out of 5 that wanted to see her! How awesome is that? It was just meant to be.. :)  I was afraid that she will be fully booked in the next 3 weeks for Valentine's Day that I made my appt before I left the salon!! And this time I added my pedicure with my fill... LOL Thanks again Sasha!! You did my nails beautifully.. I just love them! See you in 3 weeks!
5	I absolutely love the work Sasha does on my nails! I always get tons of compliments and people asking "who does your nails, they're beautiful!" And she introduced me to a new technique that makes my gel nails last 2-3 weeks without any chips or broken nails. She is very professional, friendly, and takes pride in her craft. I highly recommend her to anyone who want beautiful nails that last.
5	Sasha is truly amazing!!!! Based on reviews I decided to see if I could book appointment with her. Due to schedule change I had to cancel my first appt. and Sasha was extremely accommodating. On her day off she was gracious enough to do my nails. When I came in she was very inviting, happy, and super professional. I decided to get stiletto nails and they came out perfect! Another note to add I brought my 7month old son with me and she didn't mind at all!!! She definitely works well with and around children! Even the other shop ladiesBook appointments with her she is truly worth every last penny!!! I will for sure be going back!!
5	I moved out here from California about a year ago and have tried a few nail places.. Nothing compares to Sasha!! Plus I get compliments on my nails all the time! I was nervous about going from acrylic to hard gels but Sasha took time to explain exactly what the process was and now I'd never go back. She does amazing nail art, she takes her time, and she's super down to earth. My nails make me happy everyday and I can't wait to go back. Also she loves rhinestones as much as me and that quality is hard to find.
5	I really like Sasha. I'm glad I found her on Yelp. She is nice and professional. She does quality work. She offers many designs and does what you like. She's patient. Her prices are reasonable for the quality of work she does.
5	Sasha is AMAZING!!! She will have your nails looking like Brand New!! Great personality and very accommodating... Thank you Sasha!!
