3	The Platinum Hotel is a new all-suite hotel located about one half mile east of The Strip. The Restaurant is the hotel's main dining venue, open for breakfast, lunch and dinner. I've only eaten breakfast here, so my comments are aimed in that direction.The emphasis is on standard American and international dishes, but often with a twist. French toast is battered with creme brulee; grilled cheese is made with a combination of cheddar, Boursin, Emmental, blue and Havarti. However, the menu seems to have been dumbed down since it opened. Some of the more interesting breakfast choices, such as Elvis Pancakes (with peanut butter, bacon, and bananas), Malt Waffle, and their Griddle Tasting (multiple small tastes of several items), have disappeared. On a positive note, they've lowered prices as well.Colors are mostly blue and brown, with lots of marble and carpeting. One wall is mostly glass, overlooking the small pool. It feels like an upscale version of a casino coffee shop - OK but nothing special. It also felt a bit forlorn, as it was nearly empty at 9am on a Saturday morning in early October.Service needs work. My server took my order in a brusque fashion, and never really said anything when he delivered food. At the end of the meal, my server disappeared for a long time, leaving me waiting for the check. No one else was around to whom I could appeal.I chose a Crisp Prosciutto Breakfast Sandwich. Good toasted brioche was covered with a layer of frisee, a thick layer of tasty prosciutto, Gruyere, and an egg over easy. Diced tomato added color and a little flavor. It was messy, but very tasty. Accompanying it were creditable roasted potatoes with onions and peppers.I enjoyed my breakfast dish, but the service was poor. It's also not much fun eating at a nearly empty restaurant. Given the distance from most tourist hotels, I can't see much reason to return.The meal was $9 for the sandwich, $4 for a latte, plus tax and tip.
3	Pretty pricey for dinner ($38 for an 8 oz filet) and not up to its snuff.  The steak was one of the least satisfying filets I've ever had.  Had to send back the first one, as it was cooked medium-well and I ordered medium-rare.  The second one was properly cooked, but the consistency was a bit rough for a filet, and it wasn't very flavorful.  The red wine reduction in which it was served was too sweet.  $10 ceasar salad starter was blah, and small.  Macaroni and cheese with herbs was not too exciting but still tasty enough - it was definitely not oven-baked, which I think is much more interesting.  Overall, food was pretty good, but not great.They were out of the wine we ordered, and the replacement wine was served fully chilled, as in straight from the refrigerator or something - not okay for a Cab.  Service was polite, but amateurish.   Server often left empty glasses and plates on the table, in one case, throughout the meal.  He said awkward things, and did not seem very knowledgeable.  He was quite young and he obviously tried, and I felt bad for him, but it just wasn't high quality service.   Bill was $250 for 4 people, not including tip, and that seemed really excessive for the quality of the food and service.  They did comp a few drinks to make up for the problems, and were quite gracious about it, and the decor is pleasant and lush-feeling, especially if you sit in one of the very private booths.
2	The steak here was not worth the price at all....i really don't have much to say about this place besides stay away.  Its not worth your money or time...however the decorations inside were very nice.
4	We did New Year's Dinner at the Kil@wat Hotel which IS the "The Restaurant at Platinum". Unforunately it's come to our attention that dinner will no longer be served at the Kil@wat because of the little staff they have and not a good turnout. We couldn't understand why because the food is phenomenal, and I would give'm 5 stars if the restaurant would've had more of a buzz with people, popular atmosphere. The restaurant and amenities (restrooms) are in perfect shape (we chose to change our clothes in their restrooms into more appropriate attire for dining out *SMILE*) Their all sorts of seating arrangements to choose from, from party of 2 through 12 with boothes as well. Best part, just beyond their glass walls is the pool area with outdoor seatings with firepits..just so convienient and inviting. Food: Great. The NYE menu was Lobster Bisque, Winter Green Salad, Filet Mignon+1Jumbo Shrimp/Sauted Spinach/Mashed Potatoes, and 3 mini desserts (Chocolate Creme Brulee light thing, Chocalate Toffee Covered Strawberry, and Tiramusu Cake) all for $75pp, we split it...and it was perfect! The service was very attentive and helpful. As mentioned before, looking around from our great meal, we didn't see many others dining. We consider ourselves VERY LOOKING for having found this place and later rining in 2009 at the Platinumon. Rooftop Access, Party Hats and Noisemakers provided with the Dinner. We couldn't think of a better way to spend the time. I look forward to ringing in the years to come here when in Vegas! Ciao.
3	I've only eaten here for breakfast/brunch and had an omelet. I think the omelet was just standard which is why I can't remember if it was really good or not. The service was fine with our party of 12 or so. But the restaurant was kind of empty then (restaurant has pool views). Not too exciting... it's a shame because I love the hotel...
3	Clean and good service. Went for lunch.
1	Had breakfast here. Truly the worst $8 meal I've ever had. Was not greeted by anyone when I arrived. I flagged a waitress and asked to sit at a particular table, and she said fine, and cleared the dirty dishes from previous diner without wiping the table or providing me with silverware or a napkin. Ordering went fine, however, my eggs over easy took about 25 minutes to arrive......and they were cold. Yes, cold, cooked eggs. The toast was just barely warm enough to almost melt the butter. The potatos were clearly from a bag that had been rewarmed. The bacon, blissfully, was fine. Had to ask for silverware after my cold meal arrived. Waitress got them for me, but I had to go grab my own napkins and jams and jellys from another table. Yipes, what a hideous combination of poor service and crappy food. Would avoid this place for breakfast, that's for sure.
3	Well, I felt really stuck the next morning after my hideous breakfast, and decided (reluctantly) to try the restaurant again. I was glad that I did. I got their smoked salmon plate, and it was really quite good. Decent bagel, just the right amount of cream cheese, some capers, and a very generous serving of tasty salmon. The waitress was much more attentive, and I felt some relief about not having repeated a terrible mistake. While I wouldn't rave about the food here, if you are without a car, hungry, and with limited time, this place will do just fine.
4	One of the best inexpensive breakfast or lunch setups you will find in Vegas, as long as you don;t mind valet parking (free) downstairs to access it.  Food is well prepared, prices are very low (not sure who put $$$, as this is more $.Decor is quiet and beautiful, service great.  Can only guess that they do this as a service to their guests.  Couldn't recommend it more after eating here many times.
