5	I found this company on craiglist. Like most of us that is the first place we go to. So I called them and  they answered on the first call. I had a dilemma. i have a pool in my backyard and there is a space in the corner where i was thinking we can fit the bouncer..just wasn't sure if it would fit. Gordon offered to come to my house to take a look at the area, and help me. WOW what company comes out for free, he is really kind. He came out at the time he said he would be here, really polite and friendly. The bounce house did fit in the corner with help from his suggestions. They also have GREAT package deals. We went with the bounce house and the cotton candy rental. We also rented the bounce house for 2 days, so my daughter can jump by herself on her actual birthday ( she is 3). He discounted us the 2nd day at such a low rate i thought he was joking.Now onto how you book, everything is done online. You just go on the website aceshighpartyrentals.com and there is pictures of every bounce house. You click on the bounce house you would like to rent ( this is great for children, i let my daughter sit on my lap and she chose which one she wanted) then you click on the date. Its really that simple. They called me 10min before when they were on their way, came on time, explained everything to me. I cant say enough positive experience i had with gordons company. With 2 kids i have rented many bounces before, but this one stands out. I will always be renting from him. Also wanted to add when he came and picked everything up, he made a few more cotton candy and we all ate them.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE THESE GUYS! I completely had a melt down because this other jumper place really screwed us over. This place was our last hope. I called Johnny and he was EXTREMELY nice and sympathetic to my problem. I had explained to him how the other place was rude and screwed us over on a jumper that we were renting for my younger sister's birthday and that I only had 2 hours to find something else for the girls to do. Within 2 hours he came through! We weren't able to get the original jumper that we wanted due to the size of our backyard, but he was able to give us some awesome Sumo Suits! My sister and her friend's had a blast knocking each other over. Not only did Aces High Party Rentals save the day, but they gave us a great deal too. We were able to have the rental all night long which was amazing, considering the other place we almost went though was going to cost us an arm and a leg for only a few hours.I honestly recommend Aces High Party Rentals to EVERYONE! We definitely be using them again this Halloween and I'm sure we will in the future. Thank you guys so much for all of your help!
