4	16 flavors, 40 toppings. Although yet another place that doesn't have granola for a topping. Maybe I'm weird, but I like it. They have a couple tart flavors, always a plus. Personally, I rate it above Orange Tree or Blue Ocean, but still below Yogurtland.
3	this place was pretty good.  a lot of flavors and tons of toppings.  at $.39 an ounce it gets pretty pricey
4	People  here are super nice, place is spotlessly clean and chairs are very comfortable.  Yogurt is also really good, lots of flavors, lots of toppings.  I'm a big tart yogurt fan, and they always have a couple very tart flavors.  Also have Marshmallow cream topping, which is my favorite.  Well worth your while, but bring your wallet, it's expensive!
4	I'm not a big yogurt connoisseur, but I've gone to a couple other places in the past.  Stopped in here last weekend -- was surprised because it was Saturday night and their sign says they close at midnight but they were already preparing to close up at 10:50pm....but I still got served (although some people after me didn't and were pretty mad).I think their yogurt was quite good and they had good toppings.  It was pricier than other places I've been to.  I don't know the exact rates, but my one regular sized cup ended up being $6 ~~ never paid that much anywhere else.Overall, I'd recommend it but be careful about the hours and it's a little expensive.
2	It was an okay experience. It was a bit weird when they tried to serve me a sample. I like getting the samples myself. Don't know if they were trying to up the customer service or keep from wasting yogurt... either way it was awkward.
5	I have tried lots of froyo. I'm kinda' a conisseur (sp?) at this point. I do love the Dulce de Leche here. I'm not as big a fan of most of their other flavors, my my daughter loves their red velvet. The people who work here are nice and it's a comfortable place. The price is fair, and they have lots of toppings. :)
1	The first 2 times we went it was great! ...then something changed. Not sure if new owners or what ? The price was waaay high in comparison to Ocean Blue up the road, our family on a budget gets way more yogurt for our buck. You don't wanna feel like you got robbed at a Cold Stones.  And things were wierd... Their napkins were from dunkin donuts, I asked the owner if he owned the Dunkin next door and he said, no we do trade-offs for each other to save money.... Really a large franchise like Dunkin needs trade-offs from your place ?! Wierd.  We will go to Swirl It or Ocean Blue. Neither make you 'ask' for sample cups, or over charge!!!  Goodbye U-Swirl
5	Their yogurt is the best. I love that it is more like sherbert than a milky yogurt.  My kids love the flavors. Everyone is friendly and helpful.
1	I have been here a few times and had an ok experience. I went this evening and was greeted at the door by a nice girl. We grabbed our yogurt and toppings, when my son took a bite of the brownie before we had weighed it. The man working behind the counter immediately quipped that we are not allowed to eat anything before we weigh it. I apologized and said he just took a bite. The man said he would add .39 to our total because of it. I told him that there was NO way a brownie bite would equate to that. He just stared at me and told me it is policy not to eat anything before it is weighed. I told him I understand the policy and that he is a child and made a mistake. I did not agree with him yelling at my son.Anyways, the yogurt is ok, but not worth the poor attitude of the people that work there. Will not be going back.
3	My wife and I love yogurt (my wife more than me) and it's a great way to beat the heat.  This place has great A/C which was the best part for me.  My wife loved the topping selection as well as the yogurt selection.  Make sure you watch for the person holding the sign on the corner or you may miss this place.
4	This place is just A-OK.But I give one extra star for being open until 11pm.I have been saved from fro-yo withdrawal by this extra 1-2 hours of open-time.The guys are cool even if you walk in at 10:55pm (which I have done at least 3x in one month).Why do I always crave fro-yo right around 9:30pm???The fro-yo is not particularly outstanding but it is available, and that makes me happy!
4	i came here despite the negative reviews that i read a while back.. It's close to my work and i love frozen yogurt!It was actually good! Came here at 2pm on a Wednesday, the place was empty except for a group of Uswirl employees having a meeting with the big boss. The big boss was friendly and welcomed me in by opening the door, introducing himself and asking me for my name.. I had a hard time understanding him since I'm deaf and he was very cool with it. Free samples- YAYI picked the red velvet and cake batter and lightly sprinkled on coconut flakes and honey pecans! YUMMY! Cost me only $2.98! You dont have to fill up the entire cup-- if you do then it will probably cost $6!!  I can sastify my sweet craving with a small cup.. On my heavy craving days i can add more ice cream. But i hit the spot today! I will come again.. just wish they had more flavors of frozen yogurt beacuse im not fond of shorbet and berry flavors.. Ill try the chocolate and vanilla next time..:) yay for U-Swirl!
4	Wide open floor plan, looks family friendly.  Lots of flavor choices.  They charge by the ounce so it's hard to know what you will spend before they ring you up, which is a negative.
3	For yogurt it's great customer service... So so, very clean large selection now if only the employees acknowledged you and smiled!
2	I usually am quite the fan of Uswirl. I come here once every two weeks or so. On 6/4 at 9PM I walked in with my family to get some frozen yogurt. The service was TERRIBLE. There was nearly NO fruit toppings out and when I asked the girl at the cashier to please grab some strawberries she was on her phone and I had to call her 3 or 4 times to even get her attention. When I finally got her attention, she rolled her eyes. A kid about 15 kept walking in and out of the store and communicating with the other male worker- very unprofessional as I believe they were speaking of drugs or some type of confrontation happening across the way involving their friends. Very dissatisfied.
3	Man, I am right smack in the middle on this one. Let me start by saying that I LOVE froyo like Agnes loves unicorns (yup, I inserted a cute little despicable me reference).Upsides:* U-Swirl gets points from me for having not one but two no sugar added options. FINALLY, someone gets me!Downside:* The place was a messy (guess they just had a huge rush of people). * The employee who greeted us gave us a tutorial on how to completely shut off the yogurt machines and said if we don't, she has to clean it (I get this, but to say it to a customer seems quite odd).We will be back, they have butter pecan no sugar added froyo which is definitely a winner.P.S. Don't forget to push up really hard on the lever when you're done serving your yogurt. :)
3	When the frozen yogurt craze first started I was so happy, I thought it was a great idea to be able to pick from multiple types of frozen yogurt and some fresh toppings.Now I find that most frozen yogurt places have really crappy tasting frozen yogurt. The chocolate was so blah, the raspberry pomegranate was good but not something worth paying 4 dollars for a cup not even half full. I think Uswirl may have other flavors that are good, but not good enough to come back.
2	Very disappointed. First- the 'no sugar added' vanilla has more carbs than the regular vanilla. Wtf? They were out of strawberries. The kiwi was underripe and the mango overripe. When I went to get a lid- they didn't fit! Like totally the wrong size! I opened the employee only door to tell apathetic employee about the situation. Her response? "oh, they must have ordered the wrong size" fantastic. That doesn't help! She gave me tape so I could get my lackluster yogurt home. That was nice.
2	fro yo is icey. very mediocre
