4	Have you ever tried their BONELESS FIERY BUFFALO WINGS?One of the self-imposed rules I feel strongly about when I travel : avoid fast food chains or nation-wide franchises unless you've REALLY exhausted all plausible options.However, this particular KFC Express holds a special place in my heart.I won't tell you the story of how my travel buddy gambled away most of the money we had set aside for the trip (with minimal help from me, really..... although I stand by the fact that the casino staff conspired against me and rigged the Blackjack machines specifically to watch ME fail) on our first trip to Las Vegas together.When you're staying at the Wynn, being hungry+broke+tired occasionally leads to you going across the street to the Food Court at Fashion Show Mall.I discovered something delicious for the first time at KFC that day... something that I later learned would be very difficult to find in California, Texas, Massachusetts, and many other states I visited later that year.... There is only one reason why I will stop at the KFC Express 1 out of 2 trips to Las Vegas:  BONELESS FIERY BUFFALO WINGS.
1	Tried to redeem a coupon from the Entertainment Book at this location. I made sure the coupon said KFC Express. After showing this to the order person she got the manager. He not only almost threw back the coupon at me but would not even do a manager override or special. I responded by taking my money elsewhere in the food court. They were totally unhelpful and apparently they have enough business. I say go elsewhere for a positive snack purchasing experience.
2	Prices are higher than off the strip branches, but I guess that comes with being on the strip and catering for the tourists. Ordered the #10 chicken strips combo. The only good thing here was that the potato wedges were just cooked. The bad part was the chicken strips, they were dry and the coke did not taste like coke at all, more like it was watered down. I suggest if you want KFC, go off the strip for something cheaper and better tasting. Try their branch over at Spring Mountain.
