4	Handy Dan showed up on time, was very knowledgable and courteous.  Upon looking at the three plumbing issues at hand, he recommended measures that I take in order to get the items repaired.  Now, I am not an expert by any means on home repairs, so he took the time to explain everything to me, which was enlightening and refreshing.  A true pleasure to work with, I would recommend this place of business to anyone with home repair issues or anything of the sort... they do anything from painting and electrical to audio visual!  Go Handy Dan!
4	Ever feel like you wanna clone yourself so that you can get twice as much done?  I do, all the time!  Insert Handy Dan.  At first, I was a bit skeptical (mostly cuz I figured that I could do it all on my own, if I had the time), but after I found him on Yelp, saw his website, and talked with him, I was willing to try him out.I had him fix a few things with the gas, sink, and lights at the house.He charged $75 for a service call, but would be applied toward any fees for service (depending on if you had any problems/issues needing to be taken care of), he's BBB accredited, AND accepts credit card.Not bad.  Almost as if I'd do it myself, only minus the time/work.  He did make sure that I understood what he was doing, each and every step of the way, and he was prompt when he arrived.  If I have any other problems, I'll give him another call.
5	Reliable... dependable... honest... fair... thorough... attentive to details... gets the job done on time... reasonable... highly recommended.  What else can I say?
3	He does get the job done and on time. He is courteous and friendly. I must say, though, that on two separate occasions he took some items of mine with him. The first time I hired him was to install some kitchen appliances, one of the appliances being a gas stove. I purchased a gas range connector kit not knowing that the stove already came with one. So, I ended up with two gas range connector kits. I kept both kits with the stove. He finished installing the kitchen appliances (a dishwasher, a gas stove, and an over the range microwave) in a timely manner. After he left I could not find the extra gas connector kit that I had left with the stove. I thought maybe he placed it somewhere on the counter or in the adjacent room where the appliances had been sitting. The extra kit was never found. We hired him again several months later to replace our old garbage disposal with a new one. Again, he showed up on time and was friendly and courteous. The new garbage disposal came with its own gasket, flange, and rings. He replaced the old one with the new one in a timely manner and then moved on to some other things in house that needed fixing. Upon him leaving, I looked at his bucket of tools he was carrying with him. In the bucket I saw a gasket, flange, and rings. After he left, I was checking out the new garbage disposal and realized that he reused the old flange (and most likely reused the old gasket and rings as well). The new garbage disposal came with a nice, shiny flange. It was obvious to me that he did not use the nice, shiny flange. The gasket, flange, and rings I saw in his bucket of tools were the ones that came with the new garbage disposal. It is one thing to reuse the old gasket, flange, and rings because they seem like they are in good condition. That I can understand. But, he took it to a whole different level of shadiness by basically stealing. Yes, I probably would have just placed that extra gas connector kit, gasket, rings, and the nice, shiny flange in a drawer, never to be used. But he could have at least asked to take them. I probably wouldn't have cared if he asked but he didn't. So that is why I would not hire him again.
4	Must say Dan was a good hire for the job we needed done. Came with all his own tools and didn't need anything from us. He was on time and respectful,  cause it's not easy to allow a stranger into your house to do work for multiple hours but Dan was a cool guy. Needless to say he got the job done and we are up and running.
