4	I was only able to play the front 9; my wrist was hurting too much to finish, which is a big deal because I live in IL, and was returning from LA and stopped here specifically to play the TPC. Oh well.I was a single, and got paired with another. The course was pretty open, but we took our time and enjoyed the round. The front nine, although rarely shown on TV, is quite nice. Definitely challenging enough, and I didn't even play the back tees.It was fairly easy to get on, the bar had pretty good food for a clubhouse, and the staff were very helpful. Definitely recommend the TPC.
3	Played the championship course - I got to tell you there are nicer courses in AZ especially in the Scottsdale area, the course is under the 21 approach into Scottsdale airport so you get jets ripping by every 10 mins, not my idea of relaxing (unless I was on the jet) - Kierland, Rancho Manana, even Silverado are better than this - TPC - come on it is just a name.  (the toury course may be better)  -
5	I played TPC Stadium this morning for the first time, just a few days after the Phoenix Open was held there. It was pouring down rain, which sucked because I came to AZ to enjoy some sunshine. But it also thinned out the crowd and it allowed me to play as a single and finish my round in less than three hours.Another cool feature was that the bleachers were still erected - making it the closest that I will ever get to feeling like a pro.  I sucked ass on the front nine, partially because of the rain, partially because of this new duck hook that I've got on my tee shot. I seemed to be in trouble every time I prepared for my second shot. Thankfully the rain turned to a light sprinkle and my game stepped it up a notch. I played pretty good on the back and finished the round with a 92.Only slight disappointments were that the course was a little more flat that I imagined, and the Pro Shop didn't have that many cool things.  5 stars - but I've had better...
2	The TPC Scottsdale Stadium and Champions courses are way over rated! The Champions course is nothing more than a hacked up muni. In 2011 the greens have about 60% coverage of grass, the rest is dirt painted green! They roll at about a 7 on the stimp meter (very slow and rough). The Stadium course greens are much nicer.One of my other chief complaints about these courses is that year around you will have balls plugging and balls with mud on them. They over water the courses to try and keep them green (still lots of dried out brown spots though). There is no sand base under the turf so you get lots of wet/muddy spots. They do dry out the Stadium course just before the PGA plays there, but the rest of the year both courses are wet.Net, net: Stadium is an overpriced tourist trap and Champions is a modestly priced, slow playing, beer drinkers muni.
3	The current condition of the Stadium course is very poor, apparently from a very cold winter.  The course was closed in July and August 2011, in an effort to nurse it back to health.  Even putting the condition aside, the course layout was good, the greens were slow, but overall not a very challenging course.  With the stadium setup, there was tons of room on several holes to spray drives everywhere and still have them in play.  The best part will be watching it on TV this winter and knowing I played the course.  I would bet there are many other courses in the Scottsdale area that would rank as a better course over TPC.The customer service was excellent and very friendly.  My playing partner rented clubs and it was a very nice set of Calloways.  The practice area and range were very good.
5	Played this one a lot.  Great course and always solid.  You need to show up here when the weather is above par.Have fun.
4	Both courses are really nice.  It's particularly fun to play the Stadium course if you've ever watched the pro tournament played here.
5	Well it would be tough to come out of here feeling like you got a good "value" out of your round at $300 a pop during high season.  Nevertheless, they really make the effort to make every facet of your round the best it can possibly be at the Stadium Course, and it comes through.First: the forecaddie.  Every foursome gets one, and I cannot imagine navigating this challenging course without the guidance of our forecaddie, Wally.  Wally knew every inch of the course, and gave us the requisite hole previews, sprinted out into the fairways to find our tee shots, saved us from hazardous cacti in the desert, gave us detailed yardage measurements, and read greens when necessary.  Every read was spot on; he must've saved me at least 5 putts over the course of the round.The course itself is exquisitely manicured, even just a couple weeks after the WM Open.  The greens are gorgeous, and quite fast but not incomprehensibly so.  Every cut of fairway and rough is pristine, but the coolest part is definitely the desert patches all around (and sometimes within!) the fairways.  The desert contains all manner of exotic cactus and is a veritable nature reserve of itself.  There are also a ton of jackrabbits, chipmunks and birds who are all astonishingly friendly and unafraid (but also unthreatening).Obviously the final four holes here are the golfing highlight, and they didn't disappoint (despite causing me to make an "other" on the par five 15th).  This is one of the most gorgeous four-hole stretches I've ever played, and I would love to have the opportunity to play it again some day.  But for the moment I'll have to settle for watching them on TV next January.
1	The course was in very good shape, but the round took 5.25 hours.  The booking agents seemed to be put off by the business, and when we finished our round, we were told that the Grill was closed for drinks, but we could go inside to shop for apparel.  For the price, this was the worst golf experience of my life.
4	Had a fun day on the course. It was in great condition and the people working at the course couldn't be nicer. Forecaddies were extremely helpful and knowledgeable. Couldn't have recorded the relatively low score without them. We only had to wait for other foursome playing in front us. One of the guys is kind of a prick, so no surprise there. Otherwise we moved pretty well.Having played at the Ocean Course, Pebble Beach, and Sawgrass, I can't quite put this course in the same 5 star echelon, but close. Then again, it doesn't cost as much to play as these courses, so maybe some value there.
3	To be honest I was disappointed with TPC the course was not in great shape and the layout was ok I might might have set my sights a little high before I got there. If you want to play here because you want to say you played the TPC then fine but there are other courses around that are better and for much better deal. I don't see myself going back.
4	Beautiful course! I love the open layout...great for the waste management tournament. Hole #15 is by far my favorite! Work on your sand game before you play this course, because every hole except #1 has sand. I suggest playing right before or right after the tournament so you can get an amazing experience, with the stands up on hole #16.
2	This is a review of the Champions course at TPC.  Overall, this course is a big disappointment.  The conditions were poor with the greens bombarded with ball marks, tee boxes filled with divots.  The course looks like a run down, old course.  Maintenance must be on vacation here...How dare the PGA put their name on this course with such bad conditions. The layout feels like a muni someplace in Texas.  The holes, most especially the par 3s, are plain vanilla.  Finally, if you come to Scottsdale thinking this is a desert course you will be disappointed.  There isn't a cactus to be found here, and the desert is hard pan waste areas.  No desert.  The cart girl disappeared for 2 hours in the heat of the day.  When we asked where she went the reply was "I went to lunch".  Hun, have lunch on the damn cart! There are many many better choices for golf nearby.  I would not return here again.
1	I have played both courses in years past and I must say, both have gone downhill.  Champions is filled with unprepared divots and unbelievable amount of ballparks on the greens.  It's like maintenance isn't doing anything all the sudden.  Maybe the PGA is in a poor financial position because they definately are not keeping it up.    Stadium is the worst I've ever played it.  Most unprepared ball marks I've ever seen, course is ridiculously soft and the greens are not only hairy (rolling about 6) they also didn't even mow the first foot of the green all the way around.  All in all, for what they charge, they should be ashamed at the conditions.  They claim a PGA Tour Experience, but no PGA Tour player would put up with these embarrassing conditions.      Last, I'll say that our caddies, while nice guys, were a BIG part of the problem.  I've played Bandon Dunes, Chambers Bay, Torrey Pines, Pebble and many other caddie clubs.  TPC Caddies are the worst trained I've ever seen.  They are a big part of the maintenance issue.  Finally, after watching both caddies not fix a ball mark or fill a divot in 5 holes...I told them I expected each of them to fix 3 ball marks per hole at minimum and to fill as many divots as they could.  Embarrassing for the course for me to have to tell them that.  Whoever is training the caddies should be fired!!       I also played Grayhawk and Weekopah.  One thousand percent difference.  Both greens were good, courses well maintained and service was great.          Of all the golf I've played, I'd say if you pay less than $90 to play Stadium Course,  it's worth it.  Any more than that, go to Weekopah or Grayhawk.  For the Champions Course, don't pay more than $49.  You'll be disappointed.
3	Played Champions again and must say it's heading in a better direction.  Maybe they read my review?  Greens were headed in the right direction.  Still too many ball marks, but they were rolling much, much better (10 on stimp).  Still can't get over how many un-filled divots there are in the fairways.  I understand they get a lot of play but don't you have a maintenance crew?  The course marshals were a joke (Richard) and could barely be bothered to say hello.  We thought it would be a great idea to require that the course marshals be given a giant bucket of sand and rather than sit under a tree doing nothing, fill some divots in-between groups.  They've got to solve the divot issue or this place will always be a $49 muni-style.    Will be playing Stadium this weekend so will send an update.
4	Course was in great shape and is reasonably priced for a TPC course. This is a fun course to play but is very tight! Great location right at the Marriott in Scottsdale and is convenient to get to from most places.The people were friendly except for one guy in the pro shop. Interestingly the 18th hole is the only one where there were some quality issues as the fairway and green were not in as good of shape as the rest of the course.All in all though, I would definitely return.
5	I was lucky enough to play this course in late December, just after the skyboxes and grandstands were setup in preparation for the Waste Management Phoenix Open.  It was an unbelievable experience playing on a course like this.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tpc-scottsdale-scottsdale?select=b8S5ixALJ8fig3eDLQKt5Q#b8S5ixALJ8fig3eDLQKt5Qhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tpc-scottsdale-scottsdale?select=ztolGdWKuqHmSFKIj6xPXA#ztolGdWKuqHmSFKIj6xPXAThe course was in perfect shape.  The rough will kill you though if you play anytime around the Open....that's because they get it in shape for the tour, so the level of difficulty is really high for us weekend hackers.Our caddie was awesome.  He explained a few of the historical aspects of the course, like Tiger Woods Rock from 1999's Phoenix Open.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tpc-scottsdale-scottsdale?select=k6CKLiApSShNU0WirXVwxQ#k6CKLiApSShNU0WirXVwxQOverall, it's a pretty awesome golf experience.  A must do if you're a golfer visiting Scottsdale.Return Factor - 100%
1	Played here on 3/12/13. I was very disappointed in the condition of the course as well as the noise as they were still taking down the stands from the tourney.  1st off, we started on the back nine.  The greens were scruffy and even the forecaddie, which they force on you, couldn't figure them out.  Then we went to the front and they had just punched the greens in the last two weeks.  Holes were sizes of pin holes, but very noticeable and they were lightning fast.  You play a course like this and you would actually like to finish your round like it was meant to be played, but they switch it up and don't tell you until after you paid your $300 to play.  I would not play this course again, and I wouldn't recommend it and I've been a golfer for over 40 years!  There are PLENTY of other courses in town.
4	I have volunteered for 2 years at the WM Phoenix Open that is held at the TPC Scottsdale every January-February.  This is a beautiful golf course.  The grandstand at the 16th hole is a site to see.  The Open is a well run, fun event that I would recommend to anyone.  All lot of the volunteers at the concession stands are supporting charitable causes which the Thunderbirds support.
2	This review is for the TPC Champions Course.Overall, a huge disappointment.First impression is weak due to an unimpressive club house especially for a TPC course and for the price they demand. We had lunch there and the food itself was pretty good but in an uninteresting setting. Been in as nice or nicer club houses at many municipal courses.We had a noonish tee time and they were running behind 15 minutes at that point.Next, the marshall informed us that the back (Black) tee boxes were not in play for the day. As a low handicap golfer, that was a disappointment. So, our bad start continues.The course itself is nothing special and the front 9 especially are lined with office buildings, parking lots, construction areas, etc. Again, weak for a TPC course and their prices.Course condition was even worse. Several sand traps had almost no sand in the bottom and you could see the mesh lining materials. Passed a fairway trap where there was a decent sized tree root growing through the trap. Wow. The greens were filled with ball marks and bad repairs. Most of the tee box areas were filled with sand/seed mix repairs.It was a windy day and the 10th green was completely un-puttable. It was filled with leaves, twigs and seedlings out of some near by trees. Again, pathetic for a TPC course. Several greens on the back 9 were in similar, but not as bad, shape.Our round took over 4 hr, 35 minutes and we never saw a marshall/ranger on the course.I would give the course itself just 1 star, but give this review 2 stars as most everyone that worked in the club house, pro shop, drink carts and bag drop were very friendly.It almost seems like they make this course look bad to make the Stadium course look that much better.Lots of better golf courses than this in the area. You can pass on the Champions course.
1	Snobby golf course. Overpriced. Lots of golf courses in the valley that are much nicer and less expensive. No GPS, the course is not well maintained. The ranger has a power trip. This course is a novelty and that's about it.
1	The service in this place sucks!  Who rushes a foursome when they put a twosome right behind us?  We ended up finishing our round in 4.5 hours!
1	Highly overrated, arrogant course for way too much money. Was excited to play a course where the pga plays but it's obvious they know people will do this and over charge and rush you. And they don't even have GPS in the carts for the amount you pay! So many other cheaper, friendlier, just as challenging courses in Arizona to go to.  Go there!
1	If you are not a "Par" golfer and ever want to play the #TPC Scottsdale, DON'T. They treated us like garbage because we weren't playing fast enough. Note: that we paid for 4 and only were a threesome. We explained that we are not good and this was a fathers day outing. They told us to either leave the course or play ahead a hole to "catch" up. I'm sorry we came in your off season to try the course out and are not good golfers- we still paid really good money to play the entire course, not to get pushed ahead or forced to leave if we didn't obey. they did offer to buy us a round of drinks to do so, but we were already done drinking by that time. we already invested $100 worth of beers from the beer lady... I wish we would have spent our $400 for the day elsewhere-Please share this story for any of you golfers out there. There are too many really awesome courses in Phx to have to deal with that bullshit. I will not be back and will tell as many people as I can about my experience.
4	Updated review as I played the Stadium course this time. Much better experience - nicer layout, better conditions, more professional staff and service. Nice practice facility. Played in the summer when rates are way down. Nice course but don't know that it is worth the rates charged in peak season. Stadium is much better experience than Champions course.
4	Always great to play a course that's on the tour.  Are there nicer courses, absolutely, but this one is a must play.  Staff was great from start to finish.  I really liked the course layout and it played fairly short from the blues.  The par 5s are reachable in 2 if you have any distance, but you can get in trouble fast here.  Greens and fairways were excellent condition and some of the scenery on the back was great.
5	Friendly staff. Great course. Wellmaintained. Saw my first desert snake. Help! Highly recommended
4	It was fun to play a TPC course. Great scenery and landscaping. Wide fairways and big greens. However the price was high and the greens were full of divots.
2	We just played the champions course on saturday and all I can say is that the entire maintenance crew has been at the Stadium course for a very long time and have not paid attention to the champions course. There are a lot more choices throughout the greater Scottsdale area that you can play at that are far better maintained than TPC.
4	Phx Open on the 16th hole is always a good time
5	Great course-nice fairways and the greens rolled well too even though it's clear they get a lot of play.  I hope to come back now that I know the layout better.  Definitely worth playing once since the PGA tour has an event here.
5	Home of the annual Waste Management Phoenix Open (WMPO).  Great golf course, sitting in the heart of North Scottsdale near Loop-101.  Easy access to anywhere and everywhere.
5	This place is great!! Yes the greens are being worked on, but in a month they'll be great!! Tee boxes & fairways are in perfect shape! You can find errant shots on other fairways (saving strokes baby) and the staff is very friendly. Recommend to anyone in playing in Scottsdale. We played as a 4-some in just under 4 hours - great pace of play!
4	Stunning scenery and exceptionally maintained course.
4	My friends and I have played at this course for two straight years during our annual labor day golf trip. I love way the course uses the natural dessert. There is fine wildlife that may walk through the course. My friends and I saw a fox in the front 9. Im also a fan of the flavored towels they have. They definitely make those hot days bearable.
5	The course just reopened after a grand redesign. It was in perfect shape as it is high season in Arizona for the snowbirds. The entire round was an experience. I admit I was pampered. After checking in I met my forecaddy for the group.  Beiderwolf. I decided wolf would do. German from Wisconsin. Normally I play terrible with a caddy. Find myself playing for them psychologically.  And it takes time for them to learn your game.  Luckily wolf had some great reads on the greens and was clubbing me correctly. Having a forecaddy also improved our pace of play. He had yardages when we arrived at our balls and kept us playing while he took care of the details. We finished in 4 hours.  And that is the whole point: play golf fast, an oxymoron IF there ever was one!The course is well thought out. The redesign made it longer and more challenging. Playing the blues from 6600 yards played closer to 7000 as there was no roll out. The fairways and greens we're emaculate.  The greens were stimping around 11 and rolling true.  The signature holes at 15, 16, 17, 18 are a great finish and I parred the last 5 holes. 14 is the most drastic redesign with an elevated green, the only such green on the course making it feel out of place.The first hole is the easiest at 360 yards and follows the philosophy of starting your round with an easy hole. The fourth is a par three to a new green that overlooks the Fairmont princess hotel.  The entire course as with all tpc courses is designed for spectators with large rolling hills and seating areas throughout. The stands on 16 were going up and it was as big as a football stadium. Great fun during the tournament. I'd recommend it as the experience was a truly memorable and positive one. It sucks when the round ends and you want to keep playing.
