4	They get my coffee order right most of the time. Sometimes the cup has coffee dripping on the side which makes it messy in a car cup holder. But that is the exception fortunately.
3	Probably 80 percent of the time my order is correct and timely, I've rarely had a problem with this place and when I have, it doesn't bother me because it is McDonald's.
3	Mango Pineapple Smoothies - like crack... without the nasty side effects!!Drive-through is slower than most, and they tend to forget things like straws in bags. I hate drinking straight from the cup! The food is just like any other McDonald's ... isn't that the point??The kids play place at this one really sucks... like bad... like a cardboard box would be more fun. So don't bother.
1	Purchased Angus CBO the sandwich had no fixings on it. I sent a note of complaint to corporate mcdonalds. for the price they charge for the burger this was unacceptable
3	3 stars for the restaurant itself, quality is on par with where it should be and service is okay.HOWEVER.Do not, under any circumstance, go to the drive through. Absolutely every single time, my order was catastrophically wrong. I don't mean, oh they forgot the extra pickles, bummer. I mean, ordered two big macs, a snack wrap, large fry, and two mcdoubles, got two big macs, a grilled chicken sandwich, two mcnuggets, no fries, one quarter pounder....you get the point.As if that wasn't bad enough they put the big mac together wrong. No, you read that right. They couldn't assemble a big mac. I literally mean, bun, condiments, patty, condiments, patty, and then middle bun, and bottom bun. How do you screw that up?
4	This McDonald's obviously isn't getting 4 stars because of its food, because based on food alone, McDonald's is a 3 star at best and I get that.This McDonald's is a 4 star because of their employees and overall service. Even when they get busy, they have rarely messed up my order. The one time I recall them getting my order wrong, they were quick to fix it, and did not even try to give me any grief about how it was some how my fault.The inside, bathroom, and even the kids play area are cleaner then the majority of other McDonald's I have been to.Who ever is running this place and doing the hiring is doing a good job.
3	Food is fine. Same as any other McDonalds. Clean as any other McDonalds. Parents: the play area sucks. For very young, under 2 theres a toddler slide and an area to put some balls in a hole. Ok for little ones. Anyone else it's just a caged area with 2 balls. Really not fun for anyone over 2. Go to a different play place with the towering playground and slides.But on the positive my 2 yr old was bored enough to eat all her chicken nuggets, so that's something.
