5	Hate long lines at the DMV?  Hate dealing with the DMV for any reason? Then you should check out Desert Title Service.  I had a complicated Title transfer and was dreading spending 4 hours at the DMV office the last day of the month but I knew I had to do it.  So today my daughter and I went over to DMV and waited an hour before deciding to call Desert Title Service.  Had I known I could go in to a place with no lines get a title release and a title transfer I would have checked them out sooner.  I called their office while sitting in the DMV and drove over.  In less then 15 minutes I had the title released and the title transferred.  Daughter had new plates and her title in less then 5.  If you need anything to do with your car I urge you to call them and/or visit their office.  You will be surprised at how fast and efficient their office is.  I will never visit the DMV unless I have to.
5	No long lines, no DMV, excellent personal service!Okay i'm going off one trip and 1 services rendered BUT... hear me out.So the day I NEEDED to reg my new truck was Presidents day right?  DMV is closed... my 3-day permit just expired and I'm on borrowed time and am busy...   Somebody, forgot who, told me of this place... called - they were open!!! scoreWent in and sat down and the two nice ladies helped me very quickly, some small talk - very nice and helpful.  Even got a specialized plate AND personalized... they got everything correct and over the next few weeks I got all my stuff from the state and everything was good.I'll never go to the DMV again - unless that's the only place I get it done at :/
5	If you hate waiting one to three hours at the DMV only to deal with rude associates then come to Desert Title. I've gone here twice in the past year and never had to wait more than ten minutes and the staff is very professional and quick.
5	Don't make the mistake of wasting your precious time as I did at the local DMV. Instead of waiting for your number to be called from a monotonous loudspeaker, sitting in a dirty waiting room with unruly kids and unsavory characters, only to be called to a counter with an employee who doesn't know the meaning of good customer service, you can enter an immaculate and well-appointed office with courteous, competent, and efficient employees who will ensure YOUR best interest, not the State DMV.
4	No line, Fast service, nice people small dogs welcome. I was in and out in less than 10 minutes. I marked this place as a fav.
5	Went to DMV mid-afternoon on a Tues thinking it couldn't be too bad... boy, I was SO WRONG! The line went almost the length of the room!I turned right around and out the door because I had not planned for what appeared to be a ridiculous amount of time waiting with all the other poor souls and resigned myself to returning another time before 8:00 a.m. with a big fat book, earplugs (for the poor crying babies), and a fully charged phone.Then I remembered a title place I'd seen and decided to drive by and check it out. For the price of about three cups of Starbucks, I was all done and on my way in less time it's taken to write this review! Needless to say, I will tell everyone I know about deserttitle.com. I'm a HUGE fan and hope to never have to step foot in a DMV again!
