4	Do your windows need a good cleaning?  I know that ours did when we moved in - Luckily, Jared took care of making it happen; he hired Novice!I came home one day to find Lyndell (Novice is his company I believe) cleaning our windows... Jared didn't tell me that the window cleaners were coming ahead of time, but I guess that's not such a bad surprise - good thing I didn't get naked with the window open before I saw him though!Lyndell introduced himself and I realized he's the same guy that did work for some other people we know... He did a really good job and our windows looked sparkling clean when he was done.  Hopefully they will stay that way for a while.  It did cost $95 for Lyndell to clean all of the windows and doors + other glass and mirrors in our new place which I thought was a tad bit expensive... especially when Jared stuck me with the bill!If you are in the market to have your windows cleaned, Lyndell at Novice is experienced, professional and talented... you can tell he's dedicated to his business by his hard work.  Give Lyndell a chance - just make sure to tell your roommates ahead of time so they are not surprised like I was when they see a 'Peeping Tom' cleaning the windows!Seriously, I would not hesitate to hire Lyndell / Novice for my future window cleaning needs!
5	I have been meaning to write this review for a while..Saw some reviews about Lyndell and his window cleaning service and hired them as we just moved to a house with many dirty windows.He did a very thorough and great job. He took his time to ensure everything was perfect. He is a young business-man and I am glad I supported his enterprise.
4	2007Just bought our house.  Husband cleaned all the windows!2008Me: Let's hire a window cleaner.Him:  I'll take care of it (cleaned several months later).2009Me:  Let's hire a window cleaner.Him:  I'll take care of it (still waiting).2010Him:  Let's hire a window cleaner.  Finally!!Thanks to Gabi and Violeta for posting their reviews of Novice, we called Lyndell.  We were scheduled the following week.  The day before our appointment, Lyndell called to reschedule because rain was forecast.  Nice touch that he keeps an eye on that.  Wouldn't it just suck to get your windows cleaned and have it rain the next day, you know, rain for the first time in 6 months of course.We were rescheduled for a Saturday at 8 am.  By 9 am, we hadn't heard from Lyndell and called.  He was running late and was there by 9:30.  Only knocking a star off because he didn't call to let us know, and since it was our first time, we weren't sure if he forgot us.But the windows looked fantastic by the time he was done.  All cleaned inside and out, screens cleaned as well.  In fact, my dad came to visit the following week and asked "damn, how do you keep your windows so clean?"  Just goes to show, most people don't notice a dirty window, but they will notice a clean one!  And for the price, we can afford to get the windows done several times a year!  And no more of me cleaning the inside, husband cleaning the outside, and arguing whose side has all the smudges left on it!
5	My windows were cleaned on Wednesday. I feel like the whole world is brighter now! I also had shower glass and chandeliers cleaned. The owner of the company also does delivery (i.e. picking up large items at Costco, etc.). That could come in handy over the holidays. He is very entrepreneurial and is a very hard worker. I'm so glad I called and had this glass project taken care of!
5	We have hired KC to wash the windows at our home in Scottsdale for about the past 2 years.  He is on time, quick, clean, and thorough.  We highly recommend him.
5	Called and needed windows cleaned on short notice. KC & Co, were on site in less than 24 hours. If you appreciate solid communication, being on time, professionalism, attention to detail and fair pricing, then you have your window cleaning company right here. I highly recommend. Bravo Zulu!
5	This is the 2nd time we used KC & Co. for our windows. I've had 2 other companies previously and I will never use anyone but KC.  I am very particular about my windows and they do an outstanding job!! I was amazed at how meticulous they are, down to every last detail. Roman did our windows and  he was prompt, polite and very personable. Their pricing is VERY reasonable also. I HIGHLY recommend them, you definitely will not be disappointed. Just wish I would've found them sooner.  If they had a 10 star rating I would give it to them.
1	Just got a text message cancelling 37 minutes after they were supposed to be here AND after being called last week and having to reschedule because KC had a "family emergency". No problem, I understand...that happens, but as I needed to have them done by a certain day, I agreed they could come at 8:00 a.m. on a holiday even though it wasn't something I would have preferred but they said they would do it. Then Vince sent the text (not a call) saying he had tried to call me several times the night before which isn't true because I had my cell phone on me. Now I have to figure out how to get my coupon money back from Yelp...I would stay away!
5	Kc and his crew were awesome. They were on time and did a great job. I had them move a huge fridge and they did so with not a single scratch. They wrapped it with plastic and securely placed it in against the wall truck so it did not slide around. I will definitely be using them again in the future and will happily recommend them.
5	Found them on Yelp and gave them a call to service my pool. I spoke to KC and he setup a time the next day to fix the cloudiness in the pool. A day later he fixed it and it looks great!! Gave us a good deal and we're excited to use our pool all summer long thanks to them getting the right tools to fix our pool.
5	I recently used KC & Co. to move all my stuff (two bedroom apartment worth of stuff!) into my 16 foot POD.  They arrived on time and got to work immediately.  The POD was inconveniently placed on the other side of the street about 400 feet away.  But they brought their moving truck that made the process quick and efficient.  They were very careful with my belongings.  They packed smart and tight, layering everything in the POD to balance and even out their weights.  They harnessed/anchored everything with nylon ropes.  They clearly knew what they were doing.  Most of all, they were polite and professional.  Completed the job in under 2 hours.  They were told by my husband that we only had one bedroom apartment worth of furniture and stuff.  We clearly had a LOT more!  But KC & Co. did not charge us a penny more, they stuck to their initial very fair price.  I highly recommend them!  I've used movers before and KC & his crew are head and shoulders above the rest.  Very impressed by them!
