4	This is the best Japanese steakhouse on the south side of town, without having to deal with the Pineville traffic.  The place is modern with hibachi grill tables, a sushi bar, or you can sit at a regular old table and get some great Japanese food.  Lunch prices as mentioned before are very cheap, even for the teppanyaki experience.  The sushi is great and they make it quickly - even to go, so it's better and fresher than the stuff at Harris Teeter in the case.
4	My girlfriend and i came here for a quick lunch one day the food was prepared quicker than expected and still tasted fresh and delicious. we only had some rolls, soup and beer so it was over too soon.  The staff was friendly and everyone chipped in to help- service was excellent, They even gave us $5 off coupon for our next visit! The decor was nice, it had an Asian feel  with some modern flair. this place provides great value for the dollar and great service, it left me wondering what there hibachi dinner experience is like...looking forward to next time i get to come here....
2	Went out to try this place last night, it took us almost an hour to get a table which was fine since we went during busy hours. Our server doesn't speak english well and had a hard time understanding us. We order four hibachi grill plates and two sushi dishes. We never got our sushi dishes and at the end of our meal we figure they would not charge us, but we got charged for our sushi. We told the waiter that we did not get our sushi and was not going to pay for it; that's when they brought our sushi plate to us. My friends did not want to throw a scene so we took it to go and they offer us $10 off our next meal, however we need to go back in like two weeks to use that $10 off coupon. We also didn't get a lot of refills or condiments that we requested for. Overall the hibachi dish was okay, the fried rice was good compare to other steakhouse places. However the sushi was not good at all for the price you had to pay and service sucks if you are in the dining area that is.
2	The first couple of times i went to this restaurant were pretty good, but last night was awful. Horrible service, I could barely understand what the waiter said, and apparently he did not understand us either. I ordered a chicken teriyaki dinner with some california rolls, the sushi was good, the chicken teriyaki though? I have had MUCH BETTER it just tasted like some regular chicken breast with some type of sauce on it, I was not impressed at all and was not worth $12. Afterwards, we decided to get some dessert, we ordered cheesecake, and after waiting like 10 minutes for it, it was practically frozen, could barely put my spoon through it. Had to ask for refills, and kept having to ask the waiter for things rather than him offering or coming to check on us, will never be going back there don't waste your money.
5	Have been there for lunch and dinner.  Always good food.  Every experience has been excellent except once when we were seated with an obnoxious man.  Not the restaurants fault but an uncomfortable meat none the less.  Better than Nakato or Kubuto, newer so cleaner appearing and the food is oh so good.
5	Good consistent service and good food. Their lunch specials are reasonable and they usually have a good show at the hibachi grill.
5	Fuji has become one of our regular go-to places when we're craving Japanese (which is often).  I do try to get something different each time, but I am a big fan of the spider roll, and theirs is especially delicious--I can't resist.  It's great for lunch or dinner, and the hibachi show is a lot of fun--and delicious!  Service is always friendly, attentive and quick.  I will go back again and again.
4	The hibachi here is the best I've had in Charlotte! I don't like zucchini, but I ate all my vegetables because the seasoning was so tasty. I didn't have anything left on my plate after my meal and left feeling very satisfied. I recommend this place to anyone that likes Japanese hibachi.
4	This is one of the best hibachi places I've been to, even better than most Benihanas. The place was clean and the lighting was great, you know, soft lighting but not so low that it feels dingy. We had hot saki, which is always good, and martinis, which were just okay.My dinner mate had the chicken and filet mignon hibachi, I sneaked in a bite of her rice and veggies and it was delicious. I ordered the lobster sushi roll and ginger salad and I was very satisfied. The gave us a $10 off coupon for our next visit, gotta love that!
1	We have been to Fuji a number of times and after tonight's experience I WILL NOT BE BACK!!!  We went there to celebrate my daughter's 4th birthday.  It was not busy and we had 3 young children at the table.  It was 20 minutes before we received drinks, 45 minutes before a chef arrived and 2 hours total before we were able to leave the restaurant.  I had to ask twice for them to sing the birthday song (which was not a song.....they beat a drum).  I had to ask multiple times for plates etc. for cake, asked multiple people for my check and on and on......  HORRIBLE!!!!!!!!!!!!  They made no acknowledgement that there was a problem despite that fact that everyone at our table was visually upset.
1	My boyfriend and I love sushi and have had many in Charlotte. We thought we tried this one since we bought a groupon for it. This is by far THE worst place I have been for sushi and service. I was disappointed in the food and our server. Took forever to receive our sushi. But what made the night worse was when I showed them my groupon through my app off my phone they refused to take it saying they needed a printed copy to put in the computer. I, being a server myself, and also having to have dealt with groupons couldn't understand why she wouldn't accept my groupon. So we had an argument for 5 minutes. Than my boyfriend asked for a manager and we were told no one was in other than the cashier. GREAT! The cashier calls the manager and comes back to tell me the most she can do is take 20 percent off my tab. Tab was 59.43 and through groupon I had paid 15 for 30 so I was infuriated to say the least. Even showing the damn groupon receipt and what it in tells that I am entitled to she still denied my 30 dollars off. So we told her we will not pay for anything on the tab because now we're being ripped off. Needless to say after 30 minutes of arguing and being chased down they finally took my groupon and we were able to pay. I will NEVER come back here again nor recommend anyone, especially w groupon.
2	We came here on a Friday night for dining in, but we did not sit by the Hbachi table. The food was mediocre at best. For appetizer, my girlfriend and I had the Beef Asparagus, which was asparagus wrapped in thin beef slices. It tasted good, but I had one piece that was not cooked all around. For entree, I had an Udon (first one on the Udon list, but I forgot the name) and it was only so-so. It is topped with cabbage, broccoli, shiitake mushroom, chicken, sunny side up egg, imitation crab and tempura shrimp. The combination is a bit random if you asked me.The salad that came with the Udon was soggy and a bit frozen, but the ginger sauce taste delicious. My girlfriend had the Amazing Rolls and gave them warm praises - she said they were a step or two above grocery store sushi.All in all, dining in at Fuji did not evoke any excitement from me.
1	The sushi is ok, the bento box is good, but the service is suuuuuuper slowwwww. I would suggest skipping unless you have a serious hankering for 30 mins for your simplest meal
4	Very good hibachi! Good sushi too.
2	Honestly a bit disappointing. Being from Seattle, I know what real sushi and miso soup tastes like and this definitely was off. Miso was plain, sashimi wasn't that fresh, and service was slow.
2	The show is just ok, the kids like it.     I have no idea why this place usually has a wait.The food is overpriced for the quality.Everything just tastes like soy sauce.
5	Fun and Delicious!!  Great Hibachi!!
3	The Hibachi dinner and show is awesome, very fun for the kids. Plenty of food and drinks are good. Just make sure you don't arrive too late so you don't feel rushed out.
4	Great food, and a great variety.  The chefs put on a great show too.  It's maybe a bit pricey, but well worth it.
4	Visited Fuji last night with my in-laws, including my sister-in-law who was in town with my young niece and nephew. I have actually been a waitress at this type of hibachi steakhouse before, back in college, so I knew exactly what to expect, and Fuji definitely met my expectations.We all did the hibachi grill menu for the show, which finally got the kids' attention away from their Leapfrog and iTouch and onto the chef. They were mesmerized by all the elements of the cooking. I made it a point to ask for the "kids chopsticks" which are a chopstick set that's got rubber bands and a "fulcrum" made from the chopstick wrapping paper so that kids can use it to eat their food without having to have as much dexterity as an adult. The only thing I could suggest is that maybe these could be offered to any table with youngsters eating without someone having to ask? I only knew these existed because I had made them many times in my job, and everyone at the table was surprised and happy when the kids got their own set of usable chopsticks. We made a big deal out of them using their "chopsticks" and in doing so actually got the picky eaters to eat more than they might have otherwise.The menu is the usual basic hibachi experience: miso soup, salad with ginger dressing (ranch is also available), a shrimp "appetizer", vegetables, rice and meat. This restaurant also had noodles that they cooked which were delicious. I've never really been a fan of noodles in Asian cuisine (or anywhere in general) but I ate all of mine quickly.The service was quick, the food was good, the "show" was good, and we had a great time. I should note that Sunday night at 6:30 is a great time to bring kids as the two in our party were able to make a little bit of their usual noise, but were drowned out by the sounds of the fan, and there was at least one child of their age or younger at each of the other tables, so I wasn't terribly worried about noise or inconveniencing other patrons.Fuji didn't stand out particularly for any one thing, but they delivered a solid meal for all of us quickly. We'll be back!
5	My wife and I frequent Fuji approximately once a week. The sushi chefs are awesome guys, as well as the wait staff (while ever-changing). There have been times when service is a bit slow, but it does not warrant me giving them anything short of 5 stars. I wish they were more liberal with their $5 and $10 off coupons like they have been in the past. My wife and I alwasy get the Kani Tempura and Philly Rolls which have never once been disappointing. They also have a jalepeno roll of some sort that's ridiculously good as well with minimal heat. I would DEFINITELY recommend a sushi dinner and hibachi lunch. And yes, their ginger and coconut sauces are outstanding!
5	I frequent Fuji every Friday basically call in a take out when I leave work and pick it up 10 mins later. Their sushi is fresh and clean. Their spicy tuna is actually spicy and never fishy tasting. Masago is my addiction and it never taste like it's been sitting around for weeks. I love Fuji because they don't deep fry or cover their sushi in goopy sauces to try and cover up low quality food. They use the best and that's why it's so good. And their lunch specials are a steal!!
5	(Excuse the missing punctuation over the "e" in "sake"; so that word is indeed "sah-key".  I'm not computer proficient enough to do that yet!  LOL.)Let me start by saying we will go back as long as we ALWAYS get the guy who cooked for us the last time!  I'm STILL singing the "Sake, sake, sake; go, go, go!!!" song in my head!Went on Sunday for my kids' FIRST experience with hibachi.  They all had a blast.  At first, when the chef started the flame up on the burner, my 9-year-old HF autistic son was a little nervous and my 5-year-old nearly crawled under the table.  By the end, however, the 5-year-old sounded like Beavis..."FIRE, FIRE, FIRE!!!"  The food was great!  Wasn't too wild about the salad, but it was the standard hibachi side I guess.  When the chef played the "sake" game with my husband, it was hysterical!  He cooked everything to perfection.  My 16-year-old, who sticks her nose up at EVERYTHING, ate the steak quicker than she has ever eaten anything.  The kids ALL managed to catch the broccoli; the younger ones thought that was quite the accomplishment!  And when our chef had finished at our table and was cooking for the table next to us, he actually checked on our son to make sure he knew the fire was about to start up at the next table and not to be frightened.  By that time our son was all smiles!  I still appreciate his attention to that detail!We're DEFINITELY going back.  I'm very hard-pressed to find a restaurant with that sort of attention to the little patrons as well as the big patrons.  No crayons and coloring menu needed here!  All you need is the guy who can spin a mean spatula and who has a mustard bottle full of sake!
3	Good flavorful healthy meal!Health score: 96.5There are several seating options here: at the Sushi Bar with the Sushi chefs, at a grill table with a Hibachi chef or at a regular table to order from the kitchen, not to mention the bar where they also serve food.We had both Chicken and Beef Teriyaki and loved it. It came out sizzling on a grill platter with grilled onions, broccoli & carrots and glazed with Teriyaki sauce. You can get white or fried rice (no brown:(  They serve you Salad and Miso soup beforehand. The Ginger Salad Dressing is really good! They have a good choice of meats, seafoods & veggies as well as Tofu to choose from for your entree, so veggie people are good to go tooIf you decide on Hibachi, the variety is even greater.We didn't have any Sushi but it looked really fresh!My only disappointment was I would have liked more Japanese-style veggies with the meal rather than the American standard of broccoli and carrots.
5	Love it, one of our favourite dinner spots and group get together dinner picks , heading there tonight... Fresh and friendly...
2	Eating at Fuji was a bland experience. The food was bland and aside from my dining partner there is nothing bout this restaurant that would make me come back. Don't waste your time or money there are better spots to enjoy! Really!!!
3	Decent hibachi. Nothing crazy exciting. They have the usual volcano onion, food in hat, ketchup with the string. One thing that I would recommend is to call ahead. I called 15 minutes before we showed up. We walked in past a series of pissed people, got a few mean looks and enjoyed dinner.  I would come back if I happened to be in Steele Creek.
3	Best hibachi in south charlotte! Good service and great food! You can sit at a hibachi table, sushi bar, regular table, or at the full far that they have. The hibachi meals are always delicious and flavorful! Don't forget about the sushi! Always so fresh and tasty! Would recommend sushi and hibachi lovers to come here! Kid friendly as well!
2	Until recently this was my go to habachi location with decent prices and food. I've been several times and I have always enjoyed the habachi show (though there wasn't anything to stand out from other locations). The food is neither excellent nor poor.I have branched out to trying different habachi locations despite the convenience of Fuji to my apartment because last time I was there the waitress refused to accept a $10 off coupon I was given on my last visit stating that it had expired. I thought the date was pretty clear, and she barely looked at it before refusing. I even took out my antiquated physical planner to show her that my last visit was not long ago and well after the date she claimed my coupon expired. She had quite an attitude so we let it slide and paid full price but will most likely not return. I would say this place is good if you are looking for standard habachi, but it does not sit well with me when an establishment doesn't honor their coupons.
3	Good service and great food! You can sit at a hibachi table, sushi bar, regular table, or at the full far that they have. The hibachi meals are always delicious and flavorful! Don't forget about the sushi. Would recommend sushi and hibachi lovers to come here! Kid friendly as well!
2	We were in the area and already starving and love a GOOD Hibachi. This place is not it!  For one, it's pretty dim in here even during daytime. I can agree with the other reviewers, that the service was lackluster and rushed. Also, the prices did not match the quality of the food. We have NO problem paying for any good vittles. Food was just not seasoned at all. At least sprinkle some salt on the chicken and beef.  They also put egg in the rice a a la Chinese joints. We've never had that at the Hibachi dinners we've frequented. *shrugs* Only wish we could have ordered the kids meal for less of a dent in our pockets. The chef's act also seemed abnormally forced. I get it-must be pretty mundane to feign excitement for the same fire tricks. Just an all-around strange experience. We would have fared better getting some chicken tenders at Hubee D's and could have saved 40 bucks!  Better luck and NOT a next time here.
5	Amazing as always, the management knows us me are always very pleasant. We are ready to get check out Red Ginger .. We love the sushi here but the presentation just keeps getting better ...
