5	Dr. Turner is very knowledgeable, has a great "bedside-manner" and actually listens to what you have to say. She was very thorough and provided great advice/care. To top it off, I  had a small payment snafu with her billing company and Dr. Turner went above and beyond in order to get it resolved. She is a person of great integrity in my humble opinion.
5	Thrilled to have found a really good med spa in the Anthem area.  The staff is fantastic and I don't have to drive all the way to Scottsdale to receive great advice on treatments along with superior, knowledgeable service.  I'm not crazy about the naturopathic medicine side, but will definitely frequent the Aglow Med Spa at Premier Wellness.
5	Great clinic all around. Doctors are the best. Facials are out of this world. Love me some laser hair removal.
5	I just read one of the reviews about not having to drive to Scottsdale for MedSpa treatments. Well I drive FROM Scottsdale to Premier Wellness & Aglow Medspa!! It is worth the drive and will never go to another Medspa since finding such professionals here.I tell all of my friends that it is WORTH the drive to go to an expert when you are talking about your face. Jessica is an expert in her field and highly trained. She has a keen eye for skin care and injectables while giving a natural result. I have been there several times and have had 2 different types of filler as well as micro-needling treatments. I was bragging about how she took 10 years off of my face in the first treatment! I no longer have bags under my eyes!! Which is the best thing anyone has ever done to me because I was so self conscious about them.I also like the fact that the staff is very classy, but down to earth and kind. They really seem to care about each and every patient. With each of my treatments I was given total numbing to make it as comfortable as possible. They also have confy chairs and blankets and pillows to relax in while your numbing.This is by far the best medspa and most professional with the BEST results that I have ever been to (and I have been to alot!!).
5	What a classy place.  Everybody who works there is professional and polite.  My sister and I searched for Elizabeth Hausman for years after she quit working in a spa near our  house.  I am so happy i finally found her, even happier that she opened her own place, because it's the perfect job for her, she is great at everything she does, and now I know she won't go away.Jessica did an amazing job with the filler and botox on my face.  She made me look ten years younger, but I still have the natural look, and she made no mistakes.  I'm very happy with her work, as I had bad experiences in the past with other nurses at other places.  She also takes the time and listens to you and tells you what is best for your face.  She is a true artist.The staff and the ladies at the front desk are so professional and they don't try to push you to buy their products.  They are also very honest, friendly and listen to you and try to help you.  They helped me find and use my brilliant distinctions points and spent so much time with me trying to find me my log in and password for the account. he  young lady who did my facial (unfortunately I forgot her name) was so sweet and kind. and did a wonderful job. I am so glad I finally found a place that I trust.  I will definitely be visiting again soon.  Thank you everybody.
5	I love this place so far! I went to get my lips corrected after another place had turned them into big lumpy fish lips and Jessica was great! She used hyaluronidase to basically dissolve all the lumps they look amazing. I definitely reccomend this place and will go back!
5	This place is amazing and I learn something new about skin care every time I go. The knowledge they have is amazing and they want to share everything with their patients. The entire staff is so nice and friendly. They make a point to call you by name when you walk in the door. I had Botox for the first time and it was so quick and painless. You are never pressured into procedures you don't need which is refreshing. I felt so comfortable, I've had a perfect peel and a derma-pen procedure done to work on my skin's overall appearance. Again, I was nervous about both and I should not have been due to Jessica's way of easing her patients and keeping you informed about what to expect and what is coming. If you are looking for doctors and aestheticians you can trust, you must go here. I am an American Express card advocate / loyalist and never go places where it's not excepted. This place makes me break that rule which is a huge deal for me and says a lot about what a great business they run.
