5	The ladies here will help you find what will look good on YOU!  They can help you chose what will fit your style, compliment your style or REINVENT your style!  If you are ready to make a "Face Framing" Statement, you want to check this place out and if you want a more subdued look that will get noticed when people are paying attention check out these "Secrets" from Sally!They have many Frames with unique shapes and probably the most colorful options from designers that are far from common!
5	Sally lives her work! She wants every customer to leave with spectacular glasses. She has an inventory of that will allow that, and the expertise and talent to find the perfect pair that look great on you.  I LOVE my new glasses!!! Check this place out!
5	Sally's have the finest unique eyewear in Charlotte.  The quality is superb and great customer service.  I own two pairs of glasses from Sally's and I get many compliments when I wear them.  I will only purchase my eyewear from Sally's Optical Secrets.Stephanie H.
5	I have found my newest best friends at Sally's. I found them through a co-worker and the minute I walked into the shop, I knew I was in for a real treat!! What fun, what service and what results I had after outfitting myself there. I have had the most amazing compliments from these great glasses. Thank you Sally and all the ladies there!
5	What a fantastic store, with great eyewear, beautiful eyewear necklaces, and cute cases.  I can't say enough nice things about the staff and the AMAZING Sally who is a perfectionist in fitting glasses.  Rarely are such stylish people so kind and friendly.  It was a great experience to shop at Sally's, which provides the most outstanding customer service I have experienced in a very long time.
5	I always have trouble finding eyeglasses I like for my face shape/style and never leave the chain stores with anything remotely good (including Warby Parker in New York). In less than ten minutes the gals at Sally's had already picked out a ton for me based on shape/color etc. and I loved the matches they found, exactly what I was looking for.  Eyeglass frames here are unique, edgy and stylish.
