5	This guy really knows what he is doing.  I always feel better when I leave!
4	This was a great massage!  You can tell he is very knowledgeable and experienced.  He is super professional which is important since he is a male therapist and I am a woman, which can be awkward sometimes.  The only downside is I was not a fan of the building it is in, its a little old and smells kind of funny, but his space/room was totally fine.  I would definitely recommend it, especially because the prices are AWESOME.
5	My husband got me a gift certificate for a one-hour massage with Glenn.  I have to say, this was probably the BEST one-hour massage I've ever had.  When you go in, you fill out a sheet describing any problems you might be having, the amount of pressure you desire, etc.  If you're a first-time client, he'll have you fill out a questionnaire afterwards so you can offer any suggestions.  I'll definitely be referring Glenn to my friends and look forward to setting up my next appointment with him.  His prices are also VERY reasonable.  Also, he is located in Suite 501, not 518.
5	I went a few weeks ago for a couples' massage and it was fantastic. The place isn't all fancy or anything, it's more comfortable and homey. As students and newbies the price was discounted yet the services provided amounted to more than we paid. That was, hands down, the best hour massage I have ever gotten. Both of us were so relaxed and just felt great after. We will be returning..today lol. Our appointment is at 3:30 and I can't wait.
5	I loved this no-frills, just-massage approach. Very professional, the perfect amount of pressure, and GREAT student offers. He goes easy on the twinkly celtic heart music, so I could relax instead of thinking of Celine Dion. I will definitely be back and recommend to all!
5	Quality: Glenn is fantastic in what he does. Not only is he knowledgeable about every little detail he's doing, he explains the health benefits you receive from the different services he offers. One of my visits was a couple's massage with my girlfriend, and he arranged for another therapist to come in named Dave. While I was disheartened that the other therapist might not be as good, Dave proved to be just as skilled himself and my girlfriend and I had a fantastic experience.Price: The deals offered are great, especially if you are a student. A one-hour massage is typically $50, but first time guests and students receive $10 off. If you're a first time guest AND a student, Glenn is willing to combine them! I feel like I am receiving my money's worth every time. Atmosphere: The building itself is old and not what I was originally expecting in a massage parlor, but while you're lying on the table, you're not taking in the atmosphere. I would best describe the decor to be "quaint" and "humble". He puts on some very soothing spa music that really accentuates the mood. Location: The location is in Downtown Champaign as part of a five story office building, and there is ample parking for customers. Located nearby are shops and cafes that are in walking distance, making it a great idea to plan a day experience before or after getting the massage. When I went beforehand, I stopped at the Aroma Cafe until it was time for my massage, lending for a great day.Consistency: I have been to the Body Therapy Center twice before and received amazing service both times.Final Thoughts: While some might be expecting a more glamorous and fancy experience, Glenn gives you a no-frills massage that will leave you feeling better than you ever have.  It is obvious that he has been doing this for years, and I am more than happy to continue giving him my business.
5	Glenn is super professional and do everything to accommodate his clients. The massage is great. I am his client about one year, I go every other week and his massage is always awesome!
