1	I stayed here recently for a work trip. After a comedy of errors in both booking the rooms and staying at the hotel, I sent the below (abridged) complaint to the Holiday Inn national management:**********************I have never experienced the sheer lack of service as I did recently at the Holiday Inn Express South Side Pittsburgh.   Reservations and Payment: I booked a group of 8 rooms for four days.  I needed an invoice or confirmation with the entire cost of the rooms in order to have my organization write a check for the total cost. I was told that the manager of the hotel was the only person who could provide me with this documention.  Over the three weeks preceding the stay, I left no less than 9 voicemails for the manager. Each voicemail provided my name, email address, cell phone number, confirmation code, and a clear explanation of what I needed and why.  On one of my repeated calls, I did finally manage to get the assistant manager on the phone; he promised to send me the required information immediately.  I finally received the invoice a week later after an additional two voicemails; unfortunately, it indicated that the entire cost for the block of 8 rooms for four nights was approximately $1,500. I immediately replied to the email asking for the correct amount (a total that exceeded 5,000). I never received a reply to this email.  I called the hotel five days before the group checked in so as to have each individual's name on the reservation so that they could check in easily. I spent 45 minutes on the phone with the very polite front desk person, painstakingly giving each name, receiving confirmation numbers for each guest, and going over the payment plan in detail.  Upon checking into the hotel, none of the guests were able to use the confirmation numbers I provided them, nor were any of the rooms in their name. Upon checking out, it was established that half of the rooms were charged to each individual's credit card rather than taken from either the corporate card I used to pre-pay the rooms with, or the large check I brought with me.  Upon trying to remedy this, I spent another 20 minutes with a very polite and helpful front desk clerk, only to find that not only were the majority of the rooms charged to individual cards, but that they couldn't even find one of the reservations.   Service: Upon checking in, one guest discovered that the couch in his room had been vomited on by the previous guest.  When he went to the front desk, he was told that there had been a sports event the previous night, and that someone would eventually be up to clean the couch.  Upon arriving back at his room the next night, he found that "cleaning up" apparently meant reversing the couch cushion. He was never offered an alternate room, nor was the mess ever taken care of properly.  Three of the guests did not receive maid service for three of the four days. They did not have "do not disturb" signs on their doors, and when they specifically requested service, it was not delivered.***************************** I received a standard form response to this, which didn't address any of my actual complaints but promised to have the specific hotel contact me within 48 hours to further discuss this matter.  Needless to say, I've not hear back from them.It's a shame since the actual property is pretty nice.  However, in all of my frequent practice of booking hotel rooms, I've never quite had an experience like this one.
1	I stayed here recently for a work trip. After a comedy of errors in both booking the rooms and staying at the hotel, I sent the below (abridged) complaint to the Holiday Inn national management:**********************I have never experienced the sheer lack of service as I did recently at the Holiday Inn Express South Side Pittsburgh.  Reservations and Payment: I booked a group of 8 rooms for four days.  I needed an invoice or confirmation with the entire cost of the rooms in order to have my organization write a check for the total cost. I was told that the manager of the hotel was the only person who could provide me with this documention.  Over the three weeks preceding the stay, I left no less than 9 voicemails for the manager. Each voicemail provided my name, email address, cell phone number, confirmation code, and a clear explanation of what I needed and why.  On one of my repeated calls, I did finally manage to get the assistant manager on the phone; he promised to send me the required information immediately.  I finally received the invoice a week later after an additional two voicemails; unfortunately, it indicated that the entire cost for the block of 8 rooms for four nights was approximately $1,500. I immediately replied to the email asking for the correct amount (a total that exceeded 5,000). I never received a reply to this email. I called the hotel five days before the group checked in so as to have each individual's name on the reservation so that they could check in easily. I spent 45 minutes on the phone with the very polite front desk person, painstakingly giving each name, receiving confirmation numbers for each guest, and going over the payment plan in detail.  Upon checking into the hotel, none of the guests were able to use the confirmation numbers I provided them, nor were any of the rooms in their name. Upon checking out, it was established that half of the rooms were charged to each individual's credit card rather than taken from either the corporate card I used to pre-pay the rooms with, or the large check I brought with me.  Upon trying to remedy this, I spent another 20 minutes with a very polite and helpful front desk clerk, only to find that not only were the majority of the rooms charged to individual cards, but that they couldn't even find one of the reservations.   Service: Upon checking in, one guest discovered that the couch in his room had been vomited on by the previous guest.  When he went to the front desk, he was told that there had been a sports event the previous night, and that someone would eventually be up to clean the couch.  Upon arriving back at his room the next night, he found that "cleaning up" apparently meant reversing the couch cushion. He was never offered an alternate room, nor was the mess ever taken care of properly.  Three of the guests did not receive maid service for three of the four days. They did not have "do not disturb" signs on their doors, and when they specifically requested service, it was not delivered.*****************************I received a standard form response to this, which didn't address any of my actual complaints but promised to have the specific hotel contact me within 48 hours to further discuss this matter.  Needless to say, I've not hear back from them.It's a shame since the actual property is pretty nice.  However, in all of my frequent practice of booking hotel rooms, I've never quite had an experience like this one.
4	The room was very nice and spacious.Everything was clean. The pool and spa were great! Close to lots of shopping and bars/restaurants on Carson street.The staff was very friendly and the shuttle bus was convenient so we didnt have to drive the whole time we were there.The shuttle service usually stops at 11 pm but they came and picked us up from a concert at the Consol Energy Center at 1130. Overall a great stay for a good price.
4	Well, hey, would you like to stay in a convenient South Side hotel offering incredibly up-to-date rooms, bafflingly friendly staff, enclosed pool and spa, and CINNAMON BUNS FOR BREAKFAST EVERY DAY? Me. Too. So I did, and it was great, and conveniently located just off of Carson Street. Became good friends with Teresa, Ashley, and Gene (well, ok, they probably won't remember me, but I have been calling them up at night from the room phone and basking in their presence over continental breakfast. Am I making a big deal about this? I really love people with customer service skills, no joke. Look out). Three security guards stopped by the fitness room while I was running by myself in the dark to ask if I would like some lights  on (no - hello, movie night!), which was incredibly thoughtful of each of them. I'm just sayin', this place is packed with niceness. Maybe that's just Pittsburgh people for ya? Good, I hope so!
4	This place is close to the Southside and all the bars in favor in this portion of Pittsburgh.The hotel has a nice bar attached.     It was a very good place to stay and then enjoy the night life.Overall the rooms were nice and clean, the location was great.Price - about $170 a night (due to the location) - walking distance to all the bars on SouthsideLocation - GreatService - GreatI would recommend.
4	For the period of time I wasn't a resident of the city and decided that I wanted to do a bar crawl on the South Side I opted to get a room here.  Best decision of my life at that point.Parking is provided behind the hotel and only $14 extra.  Come and go as you please while you are there.  Three of us stayed in the room and with two beds and a pull out sofa it was a nice choice.  No sharing of beds for us.  Within walking distance to everything on the South Side made it easy to basically leave everything but cash and ID in the room and venture out.  It was a party weekend in the Burgh so even after the bars closed there seemed to be an after party in the hotel itself.  Pool and fitness center within the building with a restaurant on the ground floor.  So if you didn't want to go anywhere while there you didn't have to.  Great location too if you wanted to head downtown, just go across the 10th street bridge and you are basically in the downtown area.
1	Blech.  Somehow I ended up in a smoking room here for a WEEK on business, despite having requested a non-smoking room.  The room reeked like a dive bar on a Sunday morning.  They told me they had no other rooms, yet while I was at the front desk another woman came up with the same complaint and had her room switched.  Awesome, jackasses.  They didn't offer to move me to a non-smoking room if it became available either but told me to check back with them every day.  Um, how about you put on your hospitality panties and actually give me a call when something becomes available?  Even better, I just had all of my business clothes dry cleaned before I came, which was clearly a huge waste of money.  Memo to Holiday Inn:  smoking rooms are effing disgusting.  Don't stick your guests in them who specify non-smoking rooms.
4	This hotel was one of the nicest Holiday Inn Expresses that I have ever stayed in. The decor was nice and modern, it was very clean and our room felt new. Plus every single member of the staff that we interacted with was insanely nice and accommodating. The hotel is located just a short walk/drive to many happening neighborhoods. And if you don't feel like driving, cabbing or walking, their shuttle is so very convenient. The driver took us the short drive to downtown for dinner (only about 1.2 miles) and we called when we were done with dinner and he picked us up about 10 minutes later right in front of the restaurant. It was perfect. The parking was convenient and inexpensive and the lot felt very safe.It was a short visit for us, but if we found ourselves in Pittsburgh again we would certainly stay here without question.
4	Beautiful looking hotel, and it has a pretty great location.  Within easy walking distance of all the bars.  Not to mention, they have a complimentary morning buffet, which was pretty decent, especially after a night on the town.
2	Parking is not included in ur room. Also when checking in its quickly told to move ur car or it will get towed.ts awkward when ur hre for a family function and someone has to run in the rain. also parking is 14 per room. !!!: /   The topper was when we arrived there were tons of spaces for parking in thier lot. The breakfast in the morning wasnt to great  but the people that work there were friendly. I did like my hotel room. The rooms are modern and big. I dont think Id stay here again bc of the parking.
4	Warm cookies. An awesome location. Free breakfast. Super nice staff.This place was ten times better than the $250-a-night craphole we ended up in downtown a few nights later. I will forever remember you, Holiday Inn Express in that Cool Pittsburgh Neighborhood.
2	At least on Saturday night, this is a high end dormitory.  Including that the 2am hollerin' and hootin' in halls is transmitted directly into your room.This is probably the perfect place to land when you load up your sisters and head up from UVW for a weekend of partying in the big city.  The South Side night life (bleh) is right there.  It is great that young folks are finding ways to avoid driving while hammered, so I'll give the hotel that.But, if you land here from Hotwire, after choosing a 'downtown' hotel, and coming to Pittsburgh with your family, you probably should try to get your money back.  When we checked in, we were put in a 3rd floor room - but when the staff saw I had a 5 y.o. in tow, he volunteered to put us on the top (6th) floor to get us away from the noise.  Apparently, the 6th floor is the quiet floor where they stick the non college crowd.But, not so quiet.  Once the bars close at 2am, the place was loud, as the after hours parties began on our floor.  Noise in in the hall was pretty crazy at times, and seemed to be from different groups, not a single source.  We were all woken up a few times, and I'm not a light sleeper.  We were street side, and there was also a lot of noisy honking from the street.    All three of us were awake.   Ask for a back (south) side room.The staff were courteous, the place was clean (except the Magnum box my daughter found when we pulled out the sofa bed), the rooms were pretty spacious.  Hence, 2, not 1, star.
4	Hotel. Motel. Holiday Iiiiiiiiiinn. Snoop Dogg track aside, I had a very pleasant, albeit short, stay at this Holiday Inn Express. Allow me to bullet a list of the must knows...The Good:*Spacious and clean rooms*Free Wi-Fi (password is given to you when you check in)*Fridge and min-Keurig in every room*Comfy beds (with 4 pillows on each bed - two firm pillows and two soft pillows!) *Nice flat screens with plenty o' channels*Warm cookies and coffee in the lobby*Friendly staff*Great location*Free parking (I believe it's one car per room) The Meh:*The gym is just ok - two elliptical machines, two treadmills, a very small circuit system and some weights. It definitely fills the void but could be improved. *The showers...be aware, unless the shower head is pointed to the side AND the curtain is pulled all the way to the end, you may end up with a wading pool in your bathroom. (I did).*No mini bar items - i.e. if you are parched and looking for a bottle of water, it's a no goFor the matrix of price, location and cleanliness, I'd certainly stay here again.
4	If you need to stay in Pittsburgh on a budget, you couldn't do much better than this.* The location is awesome!  You can walk to all the Carson Street restaurants and bars.* There is a great French restaurant (Bridge Ten Brasserie) just steps away.* They have a gated parking lot with easy in and out.* The rooms are kept spotless and are nice sized.* There is a refrigerator in every room.* The pool and Jacuzzi are clean and a great way to relax after a long day.* The shuttle service here is very convenient.  They'll take you anywhere within about 3 miles and pick you up again.  * The staff is exceptional.HI Express properties are generally very good and this one is no exception.  It needs to be said again that the location along with the shuttle service makes this maybe the most convenient budget hotel in the city!
4	Stayed here last weekend... location was great - so close to the strip of bars and restaurants on Carson Street. The hotel itself is very clean and our room was clean too! They also have a complimentary shuttle that runs until 11pm. The only downfall would be the staff. The daytime staff wasn't courteous to us at all and when we asked for an early check in they told us 2pm, but that didn't happen. However, the night staff - particularly Alyson - was amazing! She was so nice and did everything she could to meet our needs.
2	This is a party hotel.. the end. Which is fine, because we were in town for a party.. however the way this hotel is ran is pretty awful. If youre looking to schedule a room block, just go ahead and go somewhere else.. the girl that does room blocks, Sarah, is NEVER in and no one else is able to help you. When you do schedule a room block, they won't put any of your rooms in it AND they'll charge them full price. They treat customers with the idea that if you're not here, someone else would be here.. mainly because they're constantly full from what I understand.. but that's a crap attitude to have towards customers. Also, during our stay a random creepy large guy in a Pens shirt and jeans banged on our door saying that he needed to fix the drain we called about.. we had been in the room 10 minutes and never called. If that was really an employee HIE, consider some sort of uniform so your guests don't think their stay is becoming an episode of Dateline. If you have a family staying in Pittsburgh, go elsewhere. Its a dorm.
4	Stayed here this past Saturday night for a Steelers game.  I was fearing the worst from the reviews, maybe setting low expectations improved the experience.The hotel was great.  Clean, comfortable, decent price, friendly people, free shuttle to and from the game, and quiet at night.  No complaints, i'd stay here again if I was in town for a Steelers game.
5	Great stay, awesome staff and a solid location in the burgh. One thing in particular, the shuttle driver (the gentleman driving the early morning for the marathon) is an awesome person and he deserves a pay raise!
3	Nice hotel, convenient to W Carson. Only complaint is the taxi service that they use. Cost $20 more than a regular cab fare to the airport and the driver was pushy about sharing his information after being told I wasn't interested. 4 star hotel gets one star taken away for who they choose as a business partner.
1	One of the most uncleaned rooms I have ever slept in. It was the shower. Dirty and wet towels in the tub with used shampoo dripping down. It's like an employee took a quick bath and forgot to clean their mess. Never going here again.  I even asked for them to clean it while we were at the concert and came Back to nothing being done. That's not all folks! They do not give you the time of day when you're checking in because they are always on the phones. After you check out they have all these other fees that drop off a few days later. If I were you I would pay for a better place downtown because you would actually want clean stuff. Dirty and rude staff. Do not waste your hard earned money. They even got mad at me for telling corporate on them and blamed me for getting them fined 150 bucks! What a great service.
4	Stayed here while passing through town to take in a Pirates game. Pros: extremely friendly staff, clean rooms and pool, solid breakfast, free shuttle to and from the Pirates game, gated parking lot. Cons: the promptness of the shuttle left something to be desired. I had to remind the front desk twice that we were waiting to go to the game.
4	Stayed here while in town for a baseball game.  The room was clean and comfortable.  The staff was helpful and the shuttle to the rail station was very convenient.   Our bathroom faucet wasn't working correctly, so I notified the front desk and upon return from the ball game...it wasn't fixed. I ended up figuring out the problem and fixed it.  The next morning I spoke to the manager and she took care of us for the inconvenience.  That was much appreciated!
1	I arrived with 3 colleagues and 3 vehicles in tow that were were transporting in for an event, and after having to vy for the attention of the man at the front desk, he lazily meandered over and asked "What did I need?" (Checking in...) After going back and forth about him even looking up my reservation, he advised that out rooms were not ready. (I had called earlier and confirmed that at least one would be) He then finally said it was, and moved on to the issue of parking. He said I would have to pay additional for the third car, since only two cars were allowed. Despite me explaining that we were dropping off our personal items and taking the vehicles to the event site immediately after and not parking them in their lot, he insisted I had to pay - $14.00, up front, CASH only. I asked him to bill it on the room, and he said they did not do that and accepted cash only. We all scrounged up a few dollars, and I was then told a receipt could not be provided after requesting one due to the transaction being cash and not going through their computer. (I am required to have one to expense it w/ the company)I later spoke with different staff, who advised that they do bill parking to the room, that there was no record of an additional vehicle on the rooms, and they did not require cash. This was cause for concern, however manager would not provide me a receipt until further 'investigating,' I was told I would be called shortly in my room to follow up, as it was becoming apparent that the employee may have tried to pocket my money. I was never followed up with, and we finally left for dinner. Upon our return, I asked for the manager again and was told they were gone. The clerk did, however have a receipt for me and made a point of telling me that nothing was amiss and none of the drawers were short or anything.The next day we happened to have some down time at lunch and decided to go relax a bit at the hotel. Housekeeping began knocking and I responded that I was in the room, to please come back later. Housekeeping continued to knock, so I went to the door and again said I was in the room, but would probably be gone in an hour if they wanted to come back at that time. Not 5 minutes later another member of housekeeping began knocking. I again repeated myself, and she said "Well I'm trying to do my job!" Confused at the outburst, I explained that I understood, and was just letting her know a better time. She threw her hands in the air and then did some cross in the sir with her fingers and she backed away slowly." A few minutes after that, colleagues came knocking, asking why members of housekeeping were demanding they answer the door and telling them they needed to get out. Concerned and annoyed, I went to the desk to discover that our reservation was incorrect and only booked one night instead of 4. They made no effort to accommodate us, blaming a technical error, and we were asked to vacate the rooms immediately with no where to go.The kicker: several days after leaving, they also charged my personal debit card for the additional parking that I was forced to pay in cash. Despite numerous calls and messages left for the manager, I got no response and had to file fraud charges with my bank. A staff member who took one of the messages even said " Ooh was that xxxx? Yeah, I heard about that, I can't believe it!" (leaving me to believe all was not as hunky dory as I was led to believe)Neither I nor my company will be booking further stays with the Holiday Inn Express. This stay was an absolute cluster and none of the staff made any attempts to rectify, make up for, or accommodate the series of problems. You can tell they don't like their job and don't want to be there. I find it to be a serious matter that an employee may have been attempting to pocket money and wonder how many other travelers this has happened to at this hotel. Wifi was slow and spotty.
2	Although the hotel was nice & very modern, it was definitely utilized by the 20-30 something crowd who wanted to party on Carson & have somewhere to crash close by. In addition, they charge $14/night to park & there was not enough parking spots for all the cars. They provide a hang tag, but when you can't find a parking spot & there are numerous (we counted at least 10) cars that do not have a hang tag, it is extremely frustrating! The bathroom was pretty dirty & the shelves had not been wiped down for quite some time, and the toilet had quite the ring as well. I will stay somewhere else when we come in the next time, preferably on the other side of Carson or possibly the North Side.
4	Nice clean hotel in a great part of town. The free shuttle to Steelers games is a nice touch. I don't necessarily agree with boosting the nightly rate from $140 to $400 on nights when the Pirates or Steelers are playing....but there is a price to pay to be staying at this hotel regardless of the sporting event as it's pretty close to the Oakland shops and restaurants.
5	It was a nice October evening wining and dining with friends at Mario's Shadyside when the subject of NYE first came up.  Our plans for the evening had already been decided, but lodging had not.  We took to the Holiday Inn mobile site and were pleasantly (and shockingly) surprised to find a rate of $155 for NYE.  We booked a suite on the spot.  I wasn't expecting much, but also didn't care given that I expected to barely be in the room at all that night.  Our corner queen suite slept six comfortably and included a nice little fridge for our pre-gaming purposes.  The moral of the story is, as long as I spend NYE on the Southside, I'll never stay anywhere else. The rooms are very nice for the HI chain and the location can't be beat.  Throw in a room rate like that and I'm sold for life!   Also, a complimentary breakfast was offered, but who wakes up before 10am, especially on New Year's Day?!
