4	I was being my usual indecisive self about what to have for dinner last night, when the girlfriend frusteratedly pulled in to Ming's. I have seen this place at the foot of Shaw Butte Mountain many times but never eaten there and I am glad that we did!We were greeted possibly more enthusiastically than I have ever been greeted at the door. This was one friendly server and must have had something to do with management or ownership to be that excited to be there. He was indeed our server as well and the enthusiasm and friendliness lasted the whole meal.The food had flavor. Not an overall mushy Chinese dish whatever flavor either. Each piece of each dish was individually flavored yet well tied. The tiny little corn on the cobs tasted like corn, the pea pods like pea pods and Jesus H. the shrimp tasted like shrimp, not the thawed shrimp textured blandness that you often get from an inexpensive meal.We each had soup and an eggroll then shared pork fried rice and two other dishes which were all delicious and totalled less than $30 dollars. amazing prices.The only down side really was the scallops. they were a little chewy, but hell they were $7!The decor is average chinese food place but there is a seperate bar attached which we did not get a chance to check out but may be in the near future.
4	this restaurant is small, not fancy, and good quality. they have a separate bar with cheap drinks. the food is very good. they give you a ton of food and the prices are cheaper then other places. i can't eat rice due to medical reasons, and this is the only place i know of that i can order a large meal at a chinese restaurant and there's no rice automatcially mixed into it. my particular meal is a large meal of vegetables and different meats. only $8. it's enough for 2 people. all the meals come with rice but its served on it's own plate, so if you're not a rice lover, it's really a good way to go. the service is good and it's a super extensive menu. good all around place.
4	Ordered delivery from them for the first time. Surprise! the entrees come not in those little cardboard containers most Chinese restaurants use, but in medium- sized clamshells. Wow! What huge portions! I ordered the brocolli beef, crystal shrimp, chicken fried rice, and a large wor wonton soup and 2 liters of soda and my total came to under $34, The food was quite good; the brocolli was cooked to perfection, the beef tender and flavorful, and the chicken was shredded in big hunks versus being cubed like most places. The shrimp was tender and quite good. The wor wonton soup was OK, but the snow peas were disappointingly mushy-- probably a casualty of the hot soup.I'd say this much food would easily feed a family of four and the menu has a lot of other dishes I can't wait to try. Give these folks a shot, you'll be glad you did!
3	Good food and great deal. The portion size is huge and its not expensive at all. I was pleasantly surprised (especially in this particular neighborhood!) Great Chinese place!
5	Although I have yelped Mings Pagoda several times over the past few years for whatever reason I've never been able to find a single review. Considering that in the 3 years we've lived in the area we have never seen a single person at Mings I wasn't about to order with a recommendation'... didn't even know how they were still in business. After perusing the following reviews we went with the egg rolls, wontons, Broccoli and Beef, veggie fried rice, and terryaki chicken. As a former New Yorker who has never actually visited china I can tell you that our meal was the best Chinese food I've eaten since moving here 11 years ago!!! As mentioned below each portion is an ENTIRE clam shell of meal! I should also disclose that I was super hungry so everything probably tasted better, right? Egg rolls were good, nothing special but then again not gross which may sound odd but you probably know what Im talking about. Wrapper was crisp and not at all soggy. Stuffing was exactly what you would expect. Would order again! Wontons...so so. Just basically fried puffers but that's kind of what I was expecting. Nothing special, wouldn't order again. They had something on the menu called crab angel somethings? Might have to try those next time. Terryaki chicken......AMAZINGLY DELICIOUS! Ok so maybe not enough to rock your world (off its axis) but very tasty ala panda express Mongolian chicken without the weird fatty bits in between chunks. All white meat and delicious. Beef with Broccoli's! The flavor was spot on, the broccoli may have been slightly over cooked but I might just like broccoli crisp. It wasn't limp and my boyfriend seemed to enjoy it! The meat was tender and sliced thin which is what I prefer in my beef and broccoli :) Veg fried rice was superb. I was expecting frozen veggie style mini chunks but the vegetables were actually whole vegetables! Zucchini, corn, carrots, it was really great! I added a little soy and easily called the fried rice the best part of the meal! + Of course, white rice which did not disappoint. $26!!!!!   $26 dollars delivered!!!!!  The only thing I was 'bummed' about was the 'duck sauce'. My boyfriend calls it sweet and sour? I miss east coast duck sauce :( I'm so excited to have found an alternative to fast food style americano chinese food!!!!! I'm never stepping into pai wai or its more expensive big brother ever again
1	I've never had such bad Chinese food ever. I've eaten Chinese food in an airport and at a mall food court that was much better! Even Safeway's Chinese is more edible! We got the #1 (sweet and sour pork, egg roll, and pork fried rice) and the #3 (house special chicken, egg roll, chicken with veggies, fried rice). The egg rolls were terrible - my husband took a bite and SPIT IT OUT.  They had an odd minty taste. The house special chicken was strangely cut pieces of chicken with a spicy black pepper brown gravy sauce. They even managed to mess up the sweet and sour pork - very dry pieces of pork with a radioactive sauce. We had a buy one get one half off coupon that they didn't apply. The only thing good I can say is the portions were huge -- which made for a lot of wasted food. The only edible part was the fortune cookie - probably because they didnt make it! Never going back!
5	Ming's has been there for roughly 20 years...and now I remember why. The food was delicious. I ordered 2 separate meals (lo mein and mongolian beef) expecting to eat one the next day, but there wasn't enough left; I couldn't stop eating. Delivery took 50 minutes but the polite lady who answered the phone let me know it would take that long and it was absolutely worth waiting for.
4	Throw Back AlertThis place has been a N Phx icon if you will for 20 years. The decor reflects that too. The service and the food kicked ass. We had a Poo Poo platter, where they still have the flaming pot to cook the beef skewers, along with the normal items.We had a terriaki chicken plate and an orange chicken plate. Both were really good. I preferred the Orange. We had a ton of left over... order to share as the portions are HUGE. The price is right too...bob~
1	They no longer have a liquor license. As of 3/7/12! :(
4	Yep, I'm yelping Ming's Pagoda. A favorite for my circle of friends for years, Ming's never disappoints. Food so fast, you'd expect a shy on quality, but it never happens! The staff is always polite and attentive and the food is sooooo goooddd.The value is huge too! The prices are very reasonable. I don't want to use the word cheap since there isn't anything lacking in service or taste. Always helps to have someone who can order off of the "special" menu, too.AWESOME for groups~
5	After not visting this place for as while, my family and I vistited Ming's (a long time favorite of ours) only to find it under new management. I have to say as good as Ming's was previously this new cook and staff has only made it better. We had Kung Pao Beef, Seseme Chicken and Fried Rice...each were absolutely delicious, surpassing the same meals at this establishment previously. The staff was friendly and attentive (not that that was ever an issue here). I did notice their taven was closed. If you've been before and liked it, I suggest go again and LOVE it.
2	The portion sizes ARE big, BUT the meat included (whether shrimp, pork, beef or chicken) will be MINIMAL.  So all their fried rice dishes are mostly rice and very little meat or fish.Also, the fried rice is very dark brown and not very appealing.The beef & broccoli was almost ALL broccoli, and the beef was slimy and thin.The eggroll tasted very strange - I couldn't put my finger on what that flavor was.The Sweet & Sour chicken was very overly breaded.  The breaded chicken came separate from the sauce, which I think someone here referred to as "radioactive" probably because of the unnatural bright red color.  The sauce was overly sweet.  So if you like sweet sauce full of Red Dye poured over bread, go for it.Everything that had been fried in oil tasted like the oil was very OLD.  Usually when ordering Chinese food to go, you smell good smells in your car as you drive home.  The smell of their food was not very good - it smelled like heavy, old oil.The place had old furnishings.  The cleanliness was "okay," but the air vents in the ceiling had visible dirt around the ceiling paint.  One of the waitresses was getting ready for the dinner crowd by SWEEPING the carpet...The hot tea I drank while waiting for my order (short wait) was good.  WHY IS IT SO HARD TO FIND GOOD CHINESE FOOD IN PHOENIX!?
4	I remember walking here with my friend back when we were kids and I also remember how much I use to love it. Then I moved to Glendale and never came back...until recently! Upon arrival, it looked exactly the way I remembered it to. Big place, lots of seating, and almost empty...(nostalgic). Apparently, its more popular for pick up orders. Anyway...We take a seat and I am screaming on the inside eager to order! I always get the same thing, the beef lo mein. My friend got the kung pao chicken and we got a plate of veggies to share. The lo mein was as delicious I remembered it to be and the veggies were crisp and tender. So good! The kung pao chicken was good too, it just needed some more sauce. The peanuts gave it a nice crunchy texture to it. The portions are huge and the prices are low. For being 110lbs, I eat a lot and I finished my entire plate..I think the waitress was surprised because I always get the "where does it all go?" look. Hey, it was delicious, what can I say!?I can't believe its taken me over 12 years to come back here! Needless to say, I will be coming back for often! Definitely my favorite Chinese  restaurant...yes, better than PF Changs gross ass food.P.S. Their lunch menu is great! $5.50 for lunch!? Yes, please.
3	If you're looking for a place based on price, look no further. I was there and got the lunch special for $5.50. You get an incredible amount of food for the price- soup, your choice of meat, fried rice, egg roll, and two fried wontons. The egg drop soup was my favorite part of the meal. Was not the best Asian food I have had, but you cannot beat the price.
2	I used to have decent food here several years ago, but it's gone way downhill. The atmosphere is lonely and sad and feels like it's dying a slow, painful death. The sweet and sour sauce was, as near as I can tell, comprised of 30% sugar, 30% corn starch and 40% red dye #8. The egg rolls were also inexplicably bright red inside! The food was not bad but not great; again, corn starch seems to be in good supply. I'd choose to go elsewhere if given the choice.
4	I love "Old School" Chinese/American Joints... and Mings is one of the last of it's kind... This type of Food should have it's own category, and does in my book, so having said this I can tell ya Ming's IS a 4.5... When I was a kid this was the only type of Chinese Cuisine available... I will miss this Joint when it gone..!
4	Still as good as I remembered it. Pepper steak a little greasy this tme but still  great.  All the food we ordered was great. But then I have never had a bad meal from them. In fact being from back east , I was looking for a good chinese restaurant.  I tried a few of them, but fried rice with peas snd carrots is not my idea of a true chinese restaurant. My daughter reccomended  Mings Pagoda and we havent gotten chinese food from anywhere else since.
4	I have passed by countless times over the years, never stopping in because I thought it was more of a bar/lounge type of place from the outside. Finally stopped in for lunch and it was great.  The hostess/server is super friendly and attentive,  the food was NY style Chinese and delicious. The food came fast and hot.  The prices are super reasonable. It reminds me of some of the little places in NY Chinatown.  Clean. I would definitely recommend.
4	I love this place and order from here all the time! I love the owner and she is the sweetest thing ever. She remembers things about my family and always gives him the cookies he loves. Mings is old school and the atmosphere is very family friendly. I always get the shrimp lo mein and have never been disappointed!
5	Great food! Great service! I ordered Pork Fried Rice without Veggies. They must have been busy because they forgot to keep out the veggies so I called them back and within 10 minutes the guy was here with the replacement order! Yum! I also tasted my daughters Beef Stickers. Holy cow, so good! On a side note, DON'T ORDER FROM A PLACE CALLED CHINA PLACE. I am pretty sure they don't use "real meat" if you know what I mean. (see my review for them.) I found hairs, small black ones, in their rice, and they refused to give my money back.  Ming's Pagoda is awesome!
4	i came here because my car was getting worked on nearby and the staff recommended this place while they fixed my vehicle. the atmosphere was ok. the place could use a little update. you can tell its been there for awhile. i ordered the eggrolls and chicken fried rice. it was good and filling! i would come back here if im in the neighborhood again!
2	Not really a big fan of this place.  Egg rolls are bland.  No one at the table cared for them.  Entre was Luke warm when served.  Place smelled musty when we first came in.  Service was good however.   All in all I will not be coming back.
4	Have to judge on what I ordered...Shrimp Fried Rice... It was pretty d*^m good.   We ordered SFR with the extra shrimp & I was impressed with the amount of shrimp & the size of the order.  & they use real shrimp... not those fake baby shrimp.
5	I've been coming to Mings for a few years now and its the best Chinese I've had in Phoenix. The portions are big, the prices are cheap, the flavors are great, and the service has always been fast and friendly. I especially love the lunch specials that come with an entree, soup, egg roll and fried rice all for around $5. I highly recommend the Kung Pao beef and the crab angels are the best I've had.
3	i ordered delivery here for the 1st time thru the website. i'm chinese-american and from boston, so i have VERY high standards w/ my chinese food, and every place does it differently.. so i got the pot stickers (a staple for me), house fried rice, and chicken lo mein. the pot stickers were more steamed than anything and didn't make me spit it out but i've had better for sure elsewhere.. i really miss my boston pot stickers/dumplings! the chicken lo mein was alright, and it was nice they didn't have a lot of the extras that i take out when i eat this anyways (the greens and stuff). the house fried rice isn't the best tho and didn't really have a lot of meat variety in it like i thought it would... also, the way they do chicken is odd! i'm not used to that. it's like chicken bits/crumbs fried in a fryer or something.. i'm used to chunks of chicken breast..... so i'd just like these lil things changed if possible and then i'd be fine w/ ordering from here again if i needed to :)
3	The sign for $2.99 teriyaki bowls lured us in. The prospect of egg drop soup sounded even more tasty, so I ordered that with the teriyaki bowl. The lemonade was really gross, so I ordered a soda instead. I think there's something weird going on with their soda dispenser. The egg drop soup was so good, with a heaping portion of crunchy wontons. My friend's orange chicken was spicy and tasty. The waitress was attentive. Pretty good for pretty cheap. Conveniently across the street from the post office, I'm pretty sure I'll go again.
2	Disappointing. Im going to start my review of Ming's Pagoda on a positive note.  The service at Ming's Pagoda was quick and the staff  was accomdating,  the food however was not good. The egg drop soup was thick and lacked flavor and the wontons were stale and challenging to chew. On my first visit to Ming's Pagoda I had the lemon chicken. The lemon chicken was very disaponting. The coating was crunchy but the chicken was dry, not moist at all, and there was just to much lemon sauce placed over the chicken.My lunch companion had the chicken lo mein.  The noodles were somewhat greasy and once again the chicken was dry. The fried rice, eggrolls, and fried wontons were equally disappointing.Not the best restaurant experience.
1	I wish I could give them no stars. The second time I ate here, I found hair in my food.  After I told management they seem to not care or comp that part of my meal.... After a while we decided to try to eat here again, sadly I shouldn't have done that.  My third visit was cut short because yet again, I found another unwanted hair.  Last time I would ever set foot in that building.  Disgusting.  Beyond disgusting!!
1	I ordered chicken curry, NOT GREEN PEPPER CURRY!!BIG disappointment when I got my styro home.The chicken bits were small and not very plentiful.I had to SEARCH for them among the LOADS of green pepper chunks.This was like finding your burrito was stuffed with lettuce or your sushi double riced.I WAS ANGRY.I doubt I will ever be back, since weekday lunch isn't possible and that's probably the only good deal to be had.I should've checked my styro while I was still in the parking lot in my car.Review downgraded to ONE STAR for the possibly illegal Chinese gal with glasses who struggled with the calculator.OH YEAH and my 80-year-old German mother makes better chicken curry!!
2	Ordered pepper steak,  sweet & sour pork,  pork fried rice & egg rolls. Now I have to tell you that I have been ordering from this place for over 10 years and this time I was very disappointed.  The egg rolls were very greasy, and the pepper steak was tasteless. Even the fried rice was not up to standard. The only thing I can say is every time I order it is as if they have a different  cook.  I was really looking forward to having Chinese food and was so bummed out that the food was not their usual fare.
4	Mings is awesome. We order out from there at least once a month. The portions are huge and I haven't ordered anything I haven't liked yet. The wontons are a miss but I never order them they just give them to me free since I order more than the $25 required to get the free order. There has been a couple times that I think they had a different cook. Reason being was my order was over cooked a few times. They always say it will be an hour to deliver and we get our food fairly quick usually 30 min. The website has improved but is still lacking. They don't have all the options on there when choosing a family meal as they do when you call. Hopefully they will improve that part of the website. Now a days most people use websites to order food so if the site isn't great that is a negative.
