5	I have been a client of Mosaic for many years and had followed them to their new location at  Boca park. My amazing hairstylist, Kristina Phu Selby has been taking care of my hair for many years and keeps me beautiful every time I see her. The new salon is very chic and modern. I love the natural sunlights that come through the ceiling and the layout of the salon. When you walk in the receptionist greets you immediately and the wood wall display in the background gives the atmosphere a rustic elegance to the place. I love that they carry cute and fashionable clothing in front for you to shop and browse through. Coffee and tea are there for you to enjoy while you wait. I definitely recommend anyone looking for a great salon or just want to try out a new place. Walk ins are welcome and they are very friendly and professional.
5	This salon always has a large variety of fashionable, low priced clothing items year round and in season. There are also some great candles, jewelry and facial products. I only go here for the esthetician, but the hair stylists always look booked and are pretty trendy.
5	Been going to Erin Davis/Sanders for over 9 years now. I love her and her work. She's great at color and can always count on my hair looking great. She's bomb at blonde. And wouldn't go to anyone else. I'm a lifer.
5	Thank you Helsi!  Been with her a year! I get color every two weeks, highlites and recently  long extensions. I have received so many compliments on my hair every where I go.  My extensions are just beautiful and match my hair perfectly.  The salon is very modern and employees are all very friendly.  Helsi will definitely take care of all your hair needs!
4	Beautiful location!!Used to visit Shannon Smith at the Henderson location. When she picked up days in Summerlin, closer to my home, I was thrilled.The interior design is very modern with a re-fabbed warehouse vibe. The entry way is very welcoming. The 2nd level stations are a neat touch.This salon is located right next to Total Wine, so you can get your fancy look on, then grab your cocktail mixin's for the weekend :)
5	They moved from Sahara to Charleston. I followed them with no hesitation. The salon is nice and my colorist, even better. :)  Too bad she's retiring. Great location - good looking salon but might have to look for another one when my colorist retires.
5	You want magazine worthy cut and color, come here. Ronnie Taylor is a wizard with the scissors and Carl makes my color pop every time. They use the best products on your hair.
5	This review is only for Kim Newman. I have been going to Kim for years.  I first found this goddess hairdresser at the Living Room Salon in Costa, Mesa CA.  She had then traveled between LV and CA to satisfy all of her clients.  Now, she is only based in LV and I go to get my hair done from her every chance I get! My friends may think I'm crazy, but she is worth it.  I have yet to find a hairdresser like Kim that is amazing at cutting hair and color!  I am very picky with how my ombre looks and Kim always gives me what I want.  I saw her just last month and I kid you not, I was there from 1-7PM.  Yes, she is very detailed and knows that color takes time and she is willing to spend time on each and every client.  I am asian with naturally dark brown hair with a thicker texture and she always makes my hair flowing, beautiful, and the best BLONDE!  I would say I get compliments quite frequently.  I can't wait to see her again for a touch up.  We always have the best time chatting and she always makes you feel welcome and makes you laugh.  I have not only found my dream hairdresser, I have found a friend!Thank you Kim for making me fabulous!
5	My hair stylist is Jenn. And I absolutely love her. She's truly one of the best hair stylist I've had. I have lots of unruly curly hair , and it takes a great hair stylist to cut it just right. And Jenn has what it takes. She's my hair hero !
5	After reading reviews of Mosaic for the past few days, I finally decided to get my haircut (12/30/14)! It has been one year and a half since my last haircut.A bit after work, as I was running errands (8:00 AM), I called the store and asked what was the soonest time I could schedule an appointment for a cut. She told me she would call me back, but my phone was at 5% so I told her to call me back at 9 and left my information. She was not a minute late when calling me back, and I got an 11:30 appt that same day! When I first walked in, these are the things I noticed:* Everyone in there had extremely nice hair, I was a bit intimidated to be honest.* The salon is WAY bigger than I expected.* The atmosphere and lighting was perfect. Everyone seemed friendly.Now onto my haircut..My hairstylist was Jada. She sat me down, hung my jacket up for me, then took a look at my hair. She asked me what kind of style I was going for, and how much I wanted to cut off.She then took me to wash my hair, and also gave me a short, but enjoyable massage along with it. Cut it, then styled. My haircut itself was perfect! She cut off nearly two years worth of damage and split ends, and I can finally comb through my hair again! She told me a bit about the products she used for my hair, but no pushy sales tactics.Afterwards, I easily set up appointments with her for every 8 weeks. I was only charged $50 for everything, but the price ranges for everyone.I seriously CANNOT wait for my next appointment, and that says a lot! Keep in mind my last haircut was in April 2013.
