5	Awesome selection of beers and wines which you don't see anywhere else.  This is an old school liquor store, but with class....you really don't see too many of these around anymore.
5	Small little store, but I didn't see anything that we weren't looking for. Prices & selections rival that of the few other liquor stores around town. Helpful, friendly service helped us out, although this store was pretty easy to negotiate.
5	Some of the best selection, service, and prices around. They have some of the best craft beers and wines available in the state. The growler station is awesome, too. They constantly share on their facebook page the new selection and tasting they are having. Top notch!
5	These guys are GREAT! We went in looking for a hard to find beer. They contacted their distributor, ordered a case for my boyfriend and called him within a week!! Awsome local business. Store is a lot of fun to walk around...candy store for grown ups!! We look forward to hitting the wine and tequila tastings.  2 thumbs up!
5	These guys are awesome! I'm brand new to the alcohol scene and they took the time to show me the ropes and pick out a few beers and liquors. They're ridiculously knowledgeable and nice, even gave me a taste test  and let me try out seven various types of beer. I love that you can pick six different beers for $9, and they have tons of local beers too.
5	This place is awesome! The employee working there last night (didn't get their names) were super sweet! I'm incredibly indecisive and the guy behind the liquor helped me decide.... And it wasn't a bad choice.... It was actually pretty good. Will be going back! Plus, you can't beat the prices!
2	I've recently moved to the valley from Minnesota and I've shopped this store about 5 times.  I think they have a pretty fair selection of craft beers which I am mostly interested in. Their prices are high compared to Minnesota but probably average for Arizona.   I would not say the staff is very knowledgeable about craft beer, however.  The last time I shopped there I bought several six packs as well as some red wine.  Later the same day I tried one of the beers and it was definitely skunky.  I emailed them immediately and told them I would be bringing the beer back for a refund.  I took it back today and they refused to give me even a store credit. So beware what you buy at this store.  I personally will never shop there again.
5	Just discovered this amazing "adult candy store"! Staff was very friendly and knowledgeable . Came in for a bottle of wine and ended up purchasing two bottles. The prices were cheaper than the other stores in the area.
5	Great location for anything you need in regards to craft beer, wine or spirits.  They go out of their way to help and make recommendations and always have the latest and greatest.  I count on this place to keep my craft beer untapped list growing.  If you live on the east side it is a must stop shop for your craft beer needs.
