5	This is our local airport for Kitchener, Waterloo, Cambridge and surrounding areas.  This airport is much closer than the airports in Toronto and Hamilton.The airport has direct flights daily to Calgary and Ottawa.  There are also seasonal flights to the sunny south in the winter, and also Vancouver in the summer.  Since my step-daughter lives in Calgary, the non-stop flights there daily are very convenient for us.My wife doesn't like to fly out of Toronto's Pearson airport because it's too large and too crowded.  She finds the Kitchener airport much more accessible and comfortable.  The staff here with WestJet is very friendly and happy to answer your questions and concerns.There is also long-term parking in the airport's on-site parking lot, so you can get off the plane and into your car to get home.  There are two on-site restaurants (the Runways Cafe outside of the main terminal and the Aviator Cafe after check-in in the waiting area) in case you are hungry.
5	I had a business trip in Waterloo and my options were to fly into Toronto or this gem of an airport. I'm glad I flew into Waterloo instead.American Airlines now runs a twice-daily flight from Chicago ORD to YKF. It's on a small regional jet, but when you land you quickly realize that the regional jet is the largest plane that serves the airport. The Bearskin planes are propeller planes that serve other areas of Canada.Arriving is a breeze - you only need to compete with around 20 or so people to get through immigration. The officers were all very relaxed as they only need to work when this Chicago flight comes through. There's a few taxis waiting outside to whisk you off to your destination.Departing is also a breeze - no need to take off shoes or belts when going through their security check. Again, you're only competing with 20 or so people to get through security. I had a 6AM 'international' flight to Chicago and only had to arrive at 5am. You could never arrive that late if you were to fly out of a large airport.There's also free WiFi in the airport!
5	Small airport but the staff is helpful and friendly.   They get you checked in and through security in a really good time.   There is a cafe inside and outside the check points with fresh food and snacks.  Just a couple of airlines book out of here from what I can tell.....American Airlines, Westjet and Bearskin Airlines.All boarding done via stairs or ramps.....not jet bridges :)    So be careful on the runway in the winter...watch for ice!
4	This airport is small but efficient. The customs process coming into Canada are smooth and breezy. There is a cafe for departing flights. The bagels there are ok. The staff (Lisa in particular) are great. I had two flight issues within 24 hours. My first flight was cancelled altogether due to mechanical errors (plane radios weren't transmitting) and the second flight's mechanical error was no pressurization in the airplane cabin. Staff compensated passengers with taxi, good and hotel vouchers.
