5	I heart lululemon!!!!I've been waiting for this showroom to open for sooo long and it's finally here...the very first lululemon showroom in Arizona!Here is the info on the grand opening and I will post it on the events calendar as well.  I'll do another review once it's officially open!What is a showroom you ask? Our showroom is a smaller version of our retail store. It is open to the public on weekends with a great selection of our men's and women's lines. We will offer complimentary yoga and fitness classes taught by the finest teachers in Phoenix. Events and schedules will be posted regularly, so check back often.
5	It may be a yoga-clothing place, but Lululemon makes the best workout clothes you're going to find anywhere. It's not cheap, but you'll get so much more wear, that it's worth it. I now have a closet full of Nike air and Adidas workout clothes that sit there while I rotate my Lulu stuff. These clothes are just more comfortable, lighter, more durable, and it feels good to wear.That's it.This place originated in Vancouver and if you visit there you'll see that most everyone wears this stuff as they're running along the seawall. You don't have to do yoga to wear this stuff.
4	Lululemon is the GOLD STANDARD in fitness wear.  Even if you're not in to Yoga, you will LOVE how their pants "lift and separate" your bootie.  They seriously knock off at least 5 lbs from the hip area girls.  I hope they open a big store soon, because I can't get enough of all their clothes!  I don't just work out in 'em, I wear them all the time.  After you buy just one item you'll never look at fitness wear the same again.
5	It's hard to believe that it's been over a year since I posted the grand opening info for the Lulu Scottsdale Showroom.  Since then, the showroom has extended their hours, the girls working there have gotten even friendlier, and I've managed to spend a lot of money - both on myself and others.The Lulu apparel I own is my go-to when I'm getting dressed to workout.  It's supportive, comfortable, durable, and flattering.  Even my brother told me that my ass looks good in my Lulu pants - ok, maybe that is TMI but you get the point!I've gotten friends and family members hooked on Lulu, including my fiance, my  mom, my brother, and sister... I recently went in for a visit and the music was pumping with such a good energy in the store.  Emily, Ryan, and Nicole were working and extremely helpful and friendly.  It's also motivating around this time of year because the employees at Lululemon have boards up on the wall with their own personal goals for the future.  Perfect to get you thinking about new years resolutions and your own goals as well.If you don't own something lululemon athletica yet, what are you waiting for?!  At least go visit and tell them you also hope they open a bigger store in the Valley soon.
