2	This place is like Cold Stone Creamery and Baskin-Robbins got together and had a creepy red-headed step child.  It can't hold a candle to either place.  It doesn't have nearly as many concoctions as Cold Stone and lacks the variety of Baskin-Robbins.  If your craving over priced trendy ice cream look to Cold Stone.  If you want something simple and classic go to Baskin-Robbins.  However, I'd just skip this place.
5	I absolutely love Marble Slab. They may not have a lot of flavors to choose from, but there flavors are delightful. I personally love the Cool Mint mixed with Chocolate Swiss. The texture of the ice cream is perfect and they have a variety of mix ins to choose from. I prefer Marble Slab to Baskin Robbins anytime. This location is never crowded so there is never a wait. I give this place two thumbs up.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE!! That is all i can say... ok well I can say more of course! The owner is such a sweet lady, we always go there for our chocolate craving the triple choc shake is AMAZING!! I have ordered their ice cream cakes (since hubby is not a fan of regular cake) and he loves loves the turtle ice cream cake!! I never have a problem there and they know us by now when we walk in... tho we have to change it up sometimes I can't be too obvious! :D
4	This place reminds me of another marble slab ice cream place.  They have similar ideas at mixing things up with some tasty ice cream, the ideas are endless.  So it really comes down to taste, and this place is really good.  Their ice cream seems to be a bit  sweeter and more creamer.I grew up on home made ice cream, the kind you mixed with a lot of eggs and whole milk, then put in the mixer and hand cranked it for hours, as a kid, we each took turns cranking it out.  In the end, we fought over who got to link the paddle.  This ice cream is just as good.Now, my weakness is anything chocolate and put in a little cake or brownie, some nuts and carmel, and I'm sold.  Although this is a bit of a drive, it's a definite must stop when we're out for ice cream!
5	Bear in mind this review is coming from someone who is not a major "sweet" eater.But OH MY DEAR LORD IN HEAVEN(TM), I love this place.I discovered this place when I was living back in Texas years and years ago.  I used to buy their bubble gum ice cream by the pint, take it home, and lay on the floor in a coma like some kind of ice cream drunkard.When I moved to California, I again found a Marble Slab.  It was way out of the way for me, but I found the time, though alas, no bubble gum ice cream.  Their other flavors are no slouch, however, so I made do (what kind of saying is "made do", anyway?  I guess that's beside the point).I discovered recently that Marble Slab exists here in Vegas.  It's been... a while.  I don't go crazy for most ice cream, but their brand is fairly magical.I walk in, look through the selections....Bubble gum ice cream.In which my head nearly exploded from glee, I ordered a cup, and it was as good as I remembered it.  Most attempts at this flavor always taste like some weird knock-off, but this is like those little pieces that you would get from the bank drive-thru tellers, except that the taste lasts much longer than 3 seconds.Did I get a pint to take home and resume my binges?  Not this time, but I know where you live now, Marble Slab Creamery.  It's only a matter of time....
4	Ice cream that is delicious!! This place is alot like cold stone creamery. Very rich and creamy, good amounts for what ur paying, but not cheap. It's nice that it's right next to subway and chipotle so you can grab a yummy desert after your regular food!
5	I'm obsessed with ice cream and milk-shakes, so this place is like heaven for me! :) I got a strawberry milkshake, with extra strawberries! I love the fact that they mix stuff and everything right in front of you. The server was nice and quick. Compared to other places I've been to anyways. Definitely plan on coming back :)
4	Now first off I will say that i'm way more of a Coldstone fan, but Marble Slab keeps up for sure! Their ice cream flavor selection is good and i've had quite a few, safe to say i'm pleased every time. Their mix in selection is decent also :) I have one of these close to my home, and is convenient. Love taking my kids there since their kid size cups are perfect! They always have a blast picking their favorite flavor and mix in. The service is good and prompt, the employees are nice. This place is also very clean! Huge fan, will return :)
5	love it love it love it love it love it love it!!! enough said!!!
4	I usually stop by here to get an ice cream cake for my mom on Mother's Day. Stopped by the other night for dessert. I was happy to see they added Mint to their flavors, cause it's one of my favorite ice cream flavors. All their employees are very nice. They also have a stamp card...too bad I keep losing them.
3	There prices are reasonable. The ice cream is really good. I love the flavors. I ordered a banana split and I choose white chocolate, chocolate and strawberry. The portions were ok. Not too big and not too small. The waffle cones are pretty good too. This place is comparable to Cold Stone
5	My husband and I live over by the store and always see it on our way home. One night when we couldn't get chocolate ice cream from Dairy Queen we decided why not lets try this place. I am so glad we did!! That was the BEST rocky road ice cream I have ever had! Customer service was great, and prices were similer to those of coldstone. We will definatly be going back.
4	As a girl in Texas this was the go-to place after movies, after shopping, after work, etc. There was a Marble Slab at the mall I worked at and the addiction is level rehab. I love this place. The ice cream HAS to be homemade. It's creamy and rich and add ingredients to it and you've got yourself the best dessert known to mankind. If you haven't tried MS then you haven't LIVED.I happen to have a personal favorite: Cheesecake ice cream mixed with black cherries and walnuts. UNFORTUNATELY this store only has strawberries. I'd like to complain but it's also a fabulous taste sensation so I don't.If you want superb ice cream mixed with whatever you want in whatever cone you want and then you will cry all the way home, try here. Seriously. Best ever.-1 star for not having black cherries otherwise YOU ROCK!
1	This place is a boot leg of cold stone. Ice cream was good but customer service sucked. To top it off I was the only customer in there.
1	My family and I were excited to try this ice cream parlor with our BOGO offer. When we get there, the RUDE person behind the counter denies our printed BOGO coupon. So we left dejected and my 3 year old daughter went without ice cream on her BIRTHDAY!Terrible experience!!!!! BAD customer service!!! Unless Marble Slab can make it up to my family and I, we will continue to go to Cold Stone's. HOORAY for COLD STONE'S!!
5	This is my go-to spot whenever I'm on this side of town. Texture & flavor resembles frozen custard, more smooth than regular ice cream, which I LOVE. They have so many toppings to choose from, I always get the cheesecake & sweet cream with marshmallow topping, cookie dough, & butterfinger. This is truly heaven on earth
5	i love this place!!! i usually get a pint and mix n match different flavors...my usual is banana,cheesecake with graham cracker mix in...which are unlimited with the pint. the people working here are always polite. the prices are also reasonable. its the only one in vegas and im glad it is so close to me. it def gives cold stone a run for its money in my mind!
3	Basically, the same premise as Cold Stone. You chose an ice cream flavor and they work in whatever mix-ins you like...on a cold marble slab.They are fairly small, so their selection of flavors and toppings was a little smaller than other paces I have been, but there wasn't anything in particular I was looking for that I was missing so.The ice cream as good. I got carrot cake ice cream with walnuts & caramel.  It was pretty delicious.The reason for less stars is the service. We had a BOGO coupon & they didn't want to honor it because it didn't have my name printed on it. WTF? First of all, you guys emailed it to me so if you want my name on it, put it on there. Second, WHY do you need my flippin' name?!? I can't say they said or did anything wrong, but you know how someone is just giving attitude....they were. In the end they honored my coupon, but they made me feel like they were hardcore doing me a favor.I don't live on this side of town, so I probably won't go back unless I'm in that area.
1	Horrible customer service. Not only were the employees horrible the owner could care less.... FYI never ever try and use one of their coupons, they will make the experience so terrible you will regret ever trying... just pay full price.
3	The ice cream flavors taste so good. I order the banana ice cream and I was impressed with the rich taste it had. I like the variety of toppings that are available to choose from. The would have given them 5 stars but the service I received was not at all good. When I ask to try the different flavors the employ made it seem like it was such a hassle to do so. I like the ice cream but not worth going to receive such poor service.
4	My wife and I have been here twice in the last month and the service has been very good.  They always offer to have us sample flavors and to add extra toppings to preset offerings.  The price for you get is pretty reasonable.  I always get the dipped chocolate waffle bowl and it is well worth the extra dollar.  We don't go out for ice cream often but will return to Marble Slab Creamery whenever we have a craving for it.
1	Rude employees!!! They don't want to accept their own coupons. It pissed the employees off when I pointed out that the coupon was valid. Then they made up additional rules not stated on the coupon. What a joke. Why send out coupons if you dont want to accept them????
