1	I've shopped at Basha's twice in my life. Both times I've wound up with nasty mold-covered produce. In the case of this location,  my (overpriced, BTW) strawberries were covered in green fuzz within 8 hours of purchase. I know this could happen anywhere - sometimes you just have bad luck and strawberries can go off pretty quickly - but twice from one store is too much for me. I'll stick with Frye's on Tatum & Cave Creek.
4	For a chain grocery,  they do a terrific job giving this Basha's a home-town feel. I love the employees there--so friendly and helpful. The deli staff is awesome and Jim makes a mean sandwich! I work in Carefree and eat lunch there 3 or 4 times a week--always something good to eat. Their chef cooks a special lunch every day, including a green salad. Add their awesome Chinamist ices tea and it's a hit. Viva Basha's Carefree!July 2, 2012 Update!! Basha's has four new deli sandwiches that are AWESOME!! Jim, the sandwich maker extraordinaire, told us they are being timed when they make the sandwiches---under three minutes. And they have several specials that are easy on the wallet, for people like me who eat lunch there nearly every day!Once again, viva Jim and Basha's in Carefree!
1	The deli/bistro in this store is awful. Customer service is non-existent. I have been here on many occasions because I work close by and every time I get helped juuuuuust as I consider leaving empty handed because I've waited so long while being ignored.The first really bad trip was for breakfast. When I finally got helped, I ordered a number 1 from the sign. She said "well what do you want in it?" I said..."whatever the sign said was in a number 1." She replied that she didn't know, and couldn't see the sign so I should just tell her what I want. So, I chose a few items I saw in the hot case. She charged extra for biscuits & gravy...you'd THINK that if she knew those didn't come with a number 1, that must mean she has SOME idea what DOES. As she scooped my food, she proceeded to talk to a co-worker saying "I don't even know why we MAKE breakfast anymore. Nobody buys it. It just sits around & gets old, then we throw it all away." That's just what I like to hear when I'm buying some of it, right? When I got to work with my breakfast I found that she was right on the money: potatoes overdone and dried out, biscuits & gravy was gross, & eggs were crusty/dry and old. My last trip was the final straw. I stood in line behind 1 man. After he was helped, the woman completely ignored me, walked over to another part of the counter, helped a lady there, then proceeded to chat with her about some guy they both know, the day they are having, etc... I waited until they were finished socializing. She finally came back, looked at me, then looked at the man off to the side BEHIND me, and asked if he had been helped. He said he was just waiting. So finally she asked if I had been helped. Uhhh...well lady, you're the ONLY one helping people and you have helped everyone BUT me including people behind me, so NOOOOOO...I have not. I got a single slice of pizza, which was not very fresh. I also stopped by the seafood counter before I left. I thought I might get some Cajun crab dip. I stood there for a while listening to the seafood lady chat with a customer about how the government sucks and the economy is bad...finally I left with no dip.It is my understanding that Bashas used to be the only store in town. They must still think they are because they certainly don't act like there is any competition. Unfortunately for them. there are lots of other stores that I am more than willing to drive a little extra to get to from now on to avoid the crappy customer service here.
3	This is a nice, clean store and one of the few places I can buy sprouts.The cashiers are always super nice and friendly.One time I was looking for an advertised item and couldn't find it, so I asked a stock person walking by.  She looked, couldn't find it, went and got the manager.  He looked, couldn't find it, the next thing I know, he's got three or four people looking for the item.  I was kind of embarrassed---I was only going to buy a couple.  When they couldn't find the item, the manager told me to buy a different brand of the same item and he would honor the sale price.  I ended up buying triple the quantity because they had all tried so hard and gone to so much trouble.  But that's the kind of folks they are---helpful to the nth degree.The meat counter makes these yummy prepared chicken breasts---an easy dinner.  Just take 'em home and throw 'em in the oven or on the grill.  A couple of times I have gone in and and requested a kind they didn't have made up.  The meat counter folks sent me off to cruise the store for a few minutes and they whipped me up a couple to order.  The meat guy also told me if I call ahead and they don't have them at that moment, they'll have them ready for me when I get there.  That's service!However---the deli.  DH and I love the chicken salad.  Extraordinary good stuff.  But the ladies behind the deli counter are usually grumpy, unfriendly, not-very-helpful people.  They act like they are doing you a favor to wait on you.  The best of the lot is this 30-ish girl with long dark hair---she tries to be helpful and cheerful.  The good news is after a lot of experimenting, I think I have figured out the secret of the chicken salad---or so DH says---so I only need to hit the deli when I just don't have the time or ambition to rock out my own chicken salad.The wine selection is very good and they have some great sales.So, since I can avoid the deli if I want, overall, this is a great Basha's.
3	This store is clean and ok if you need to pick up something quick.  I have never found the staff to be overly friendly.  Almost every time i have been  ready to check out the cashier has slapped her "this lane closed" sign up on the counter as i walked up to check out.  No one else in the store speaks, smiles or asks if they can help you.  Not what i would expect given the clientele they deal with.  This is why i shop Safeway a majority of the time.  They cant do enough to help you.
