1	This Sally beauty supply store is just like all of the others I have been to. It has a staff of employees that are not really helpful or motivated to assist customers. I walked in knowing what I needed however had a few questions regarding a certain brand of hair color. The purple haired lady answered my question with a question then walks away back to stocking shelves.I bought what I needed without the assistance of said employee and got the hell out of there. Enough said...
1	Miserable staff that works there. No thank yous for shopping at the store. Will never be back.
1	I read both the other reviews before i came here and I really should have listened.This store is in serious need of help !!!!!!!  It was just, wow, looked liked a tornado went through it....merchandise all over the floor to where you couldn't even walk through the already tiny aisles without tripping, stepping on stuff, or leaping to get over it.  Thankfully, my 3 year old son was there cause he cleaned up the aisle and stacked everything nicely so mommy could walk through, though I thought it was sweet and I wish he would do that at home...Its def. not his job !!!.....The customer service was just as bad. Luckily I was in a semi patient mood that day.....I love Sallys but this one ugh pains me to say it....Ill NEVER go back!!!
1	I wanted to purchase my usual foot pumice and topcoat.  I only had a $100 bill and three $1 bills.  The pink haired cashier looked at me with no expression and said "we don't have change" with no offer of help to the change situation.  I told her well I guess I won't be making a purchase today.  Then she tells me I can get change at the bar around the corner.  Really?  Sally's don't take cash?  Sally's employees are always rude with an exception once in a while.  Horrible!  I will spend the extra money and go to Ulta where I'm sure my $100 will be excepted!  Boo Sally!
1	I went in to get a shampoo, wow NO help at all!! They didnt even ask me if I needed help or even greeted me. The two employees were just gossiping in the back room. Got out of there and never coming back!
