5	With the Willow Stream Spa and Fitness Center, two 18-hole championship golf courses, a wide variety of activities for youngsters and teens, and four award-winning restaurants, this magnificent resort has something for everyone. A variety of accommodations are housed in a number of low-rise adobe-style buildings scattered about several acres of beautifully landscaped gardens and well-manicured lawns. Rooms (decorated in the muted pastels of the Southwest palette) vary in size, but all feature a balcony or terrace with table and chairs, cable TV with pay-for view movies and video games, deluxe bathrooms with soaker tub and separate shower, double sinks, hair dryer, and plush terry bathrobes, coffee makers, iron and ironing board, mini-bar, safe, multi-line telephone voice mail, and a work desk with computer dataport. Casitas decorated with rich, bold colors feature a separate living room with gas fireplace, dining area, CD player with an extensive selection of music, and a private, wall-enclosed patio with a sunken hot tub. The resort features five outdoor swimming pools, two Jacuzzis, and the Sonoran Splash, a recreation area with two water slides. The year-round complimentary Kid's Club program - with a trained and certified staff - is designed for children ages five through twelve and will give parents time for themselves during the day. There are four on-site restaurants offering cuisines to satisfy every palate. Rates vary dramatically, depending on room size, location, view, and season, and range from $159 - 1019.00. Whether you want to be active all day long or just relax with a good book and a frosty ice tea under a poolside umbrella or in the shade of a towering palm, this Valley of the Sun resort will satisfy all your needs.
5	Bee-U-tiful resort! The hype is true. Very pricey, but if one can afford it, you definitely get what you pay for!
5	Well, my report may be a bit biased since I am staying here for work so thus don't have to pay for it directly, but the staff here is really amazing.  They are attentive, helpful and do a great job staying on top of everything.I used the free fitness center and took a few yoga classes there and realized there's a squash, raquetball court, sauna, steamroom and swiss showers (whatever those are).  Drinks are a bit pricey but nothing that you wouldn't expect at a high end resort.
5	All I can say is if you have kids, this is the place for you.  Absolutely gorgeous, FREE kids camp ALL DAY!  The place looks amazing, the spa is the most incredible, like a small village, ZEN ZEN ZEN, the restaurant (one of them) has a full play area in the middle of the place!  You eat and the kids go off to play.  Ok, love it love it love it.
3	This place is very nice, but weirdly inconsistent. It is in the middle of nowhere, so don't expect to walk anyplace near the resort, because there are only residential neighborhoods around it. So take some snacks and wine, because everything there is really expensive. Even items from the "mini-bar", already pricey, get a 21% service charge slapped on top of them. Room service - on time and pretty good, 21% service charge. The signage is quite confusing, seemingly pointing to areas that no longer exist or that dead end. The map you get when you check in is pretty useless, as key landmarks are missing. It seems like people are lost pretty much all the time. You will see signs like: "bathrooms on the lobby level", then when you get into the elevator, there is no lobby button.  In the conference center there is a room I and a room I (eye and one). Getting from one spot to another in the same building can take forever. I wanted to order room service one evening, but there was no room service menu in the book that listed the restaurants. So I called, and they said: "Oh yeah, they hide the room service menu over by the TV." Found the menu (it was called In Room Dining), but there was no extension listed on it, so then had to find the other book to look up the number to call! Just kind of weird and ad hoc. Makes me wonder if anyone who works there has ever stayed as a guest. They should.
5	At your service.  That's the motto I would use to describe the Fairmont.  The entire staff is there to help you at anytime for anything.  The pool is probably the best place to be in this entire hotel.  It's large and the staff is there to make sure you are enjoying yourself.  The rooms all have views of some sort, and they are spacious.  My second favorite part of the hotel were the rooms bathrooms.  WOW.  The large walk in showers and huge tubs were a welcome treat after a long day of traveling on delayed and canceled flights.
5	Our company held our fourth annual user conference here, and compared to our previous venues, this one was a smash hit in terms of facilities.  It compares particularly favorably with the doudy, sour old St. Francis in San Francisco, a venue I hope we never book again.The standout quality of this place is the hustle and quality of the service.  Our opening night reception included an array of food service stations with different themes, including a noodle bar that was particuarly well done.  The food was all delicious but what really distinguished this event was the personable, attentive, extra-mile oriented staff.  They were reading the nametags of our 200 guests and calling people by name whenever possible and chatting us up in line to make sure we were all happy.The event coordinators were all over the venue throughout the ensuing two days.  Where at the St. Francis we struggled with temperature and electrical problems and grumpy, uncooperative, disinterested staff, here at the Fairmont, the very few glitches drew aggressive responses by people who cared about our event.
5	I was a true fan of the Phoenecian Hotel, that is until we stayed here last weekend!  Story:  My travel agent calls me and breaks the news that the Phoenecian is completely committed for our requested dates.  He says he's booked us at the Four Seasons Hotel in Scottsdale (something about a great rate and a room credit).  So, I call a friend who travels to the Phoenix area often for business and tell him about my situation, at which point he tells me to avoid the Four Seasons (something about it being an older property with little amenities and some type of bad situation he once had with the front desk; granted, I wasn't there, but he is a friend and I'm definitely taking him at his word)... So, here I am, calling the travel agent back, who is at this point, a bit frustrated with me - asking me why on god's green earth, I would turn down the Four Seasons... So, I do some research and come across some reviews and props up for the Fairmont.  I ask the agent to confirm a reservation, and he does.  So, we get there... first observation:  far from everything else (nice for me, since I needed some air and distraction) and a rather sprawling property (to be fair, a lot of the resorts/hotels out in Phoenix have this benefit of space).  Second observation: I'm tired, hungry (connecting flights) and want to shower.  Well, the second observation was only going to stay an observation, as our room was not ready as of yet.  However, we plopped near the pool, ordered some drinks and food and within a couple of hours (by 4 pm), our room was ready!Third observation and most important observation - COMPLETE COMMITMENT TO SERVICE.  I have never had such wonderful service in a hotel before.  Having joined their President's Club (free, just do it online) mainly for the benefits of free internet access, it appears that other perks (like the possibility of an upgrade in room) are also available.  Not sure what prompted our upgrade, but I suppose the President's Club is a good way of starting to ensure some extra perks, right?When we get to our room, we realize we've been moved to the villas (I believe it's called the Fairmont Gold area), where there is a private lounge w/concierge service.  Complimentary continental breakfast is included (think cereals, pastry, fruit, juice, coffee, tea, cheese, and three types of hot items every morning), snacks and apps are set up every evening at 5:00 p.m. (w/honor bar of a good selection of top shelf liquor (cheaper than room bar), desserts/sweets are set up at 9:00 p.m. every evening... no starving here.  So, finally we enter our room and see that it is spectacular - large king bed, separate seating area (sectional sofa), large bathroom w/separate toilet room, bathtub, shower, 2 sinks and large closet, a balcony w/a table and four chairs to relax with friends and 2 large flatscreen televisions!  Not to mention great toiletries, frette (or comparable quality) bed linens and a bed so comfortable, you'll want to move in forever.Getting back to service - the private concierge was wonderful (both ladies in the Sect. A villas were great).  They were able to confirm dinner reservations, make arrangements for car service, give us input on entertainment and tours, confirm flights, etc.  There wasn't anything they could not do for us.  In fact, they continually asked us if we required any additional assistance.  Had they been able to do my job, I would have sent them back to Chicago to do so!  Just kidding....In any event, our stay was PERFECT at the Fairmont.  Now, I did hear that the rooms in the main building (the Fairmont rooms) were older and in need of updating.  But, I also was advised that such upgrades were on the radar and they were hoping to have those complete by the end of the summer months.  Oh, we did have room service one night and all in all, it was perfect - it came exactly on time (i.e. to the minute) and the gentlemen set up full linen and silver service on our table.  The food was perfectly warmed and fresh.  Not a complaint at all here too.  Great Job Fairmont!  You've got a fan here.
5	I was recently in Arizonia for work and our boss took us to the Spa for the day. AMAZING....First I got a facial. I dont know what she did but I left the room GLOWING! My pedicure was heaven. They gave us champagne, massaged our feet forever and  my toes were smiling when I left:) The food was fresh, tasty and of course not too filling. The atmosphere is beautiful, the service was one of the best I ever had and I would love to go back...I have no idea about the price because my boss paid for all of us:) It is worth taking a spa trip to the Fairmont!!!
4	What a beautiful hotel this is...with a outdoor patio that is covered and cabana style seatings....the pool area is an absolute relaxation haven.  If you don't mind the HOTness of the temperature outdoors, this is the place to check out the people...they are stll swimming at 11pm...well if the weather was the same over here....i would too at that hour!  Didn't get a chance to check out the rooms but hopefully will get a chance to stay there or try out their spa service!!!
2	While I feel Yelpers have overrated the Princess let me preface my review by saying that I stayed here last November for a week when they were under renovation.  While I didn't ask if they were under construction when I made the reservation no one offered me that information.   Despite being in relatively high season the place was essentially empty.  My room was large and comfortable but needed updating and faced the parking lot.  Often noisy in the AM with employees arriving and construction people.  Room was quite far to central part of hotel with long walk to central pool and restaurants.  Normally I wouldn't mind but with the construction the place was like a maze with unmarked dead end corridors and paths.  A good portion of the property was fenced off.   I felt like a rat in a maze at times.  I ate at the the high end Mex restaurant on property which was good, not great, and had good to excellent service.  Being by the parking lot I self parked which was convenient.  May return to give it another chance as I suspect the construction is now done.  If so I will update my review but for now I would say try some place else, many choices in Scottsdale.
4	My family recently came to visit so we rented a room to play for the day... we heard about the slide and the pools. You have to know that this hotel is a little older but this makes the rooms a little bigger than most. For the most part the hotel resembles an old spanish hacienda where the pool was placed in the dungeon....it was a little weird getting to it.But otherwise the hotel grounds and service were pleasant and the stay was enjoyable.
5	next stop: scottsdale. you may think that I rate too many 5-star ratings, but if they deserve them, then I'm not holding back.jaw-dropping hotel. I mean this place is huge, but in a really really nice way. any place with towel-covered beds next to the pool is fine by me. and the pool area here is amazing. they throw this mtv spring break sunday all day pool party every sunday with a DJ and an over-21 rule. the rooms are solid (could use better TV's). I really liked the outdoor mister-covered bar. what better place to sit and watch HDTV at night, but at the fairmont in the middle of the arizona desert.
5	LUV this place!  We only live 10 mins away, but luv to stay here in the hot summer months - it is a toal get-a-way for a couple AND their kids! There is an amazing FREE kids club (i don't think i have come acorss any other one in the vallye - usually $45 for a 1/2 day - this is free - full day, full of activities AND a teen room as well.  Dive-in  movies fri & sat eves.  We always up grade to a casita - a full living/dining/patio/bdrm.  We barely see the kids during the day (club) and at nite there's the pool/movie.  If we want to exp. a late nite bar (rose - amazing patio) or dinner alone, we order a movie for the kids to watch in bed.  Will be back again summer '09 :-)
5	Stayed here on New Years Eve and it was awesome!Believe or it not I got a room here for $79 using Hotwire.  Having used Hotwire before, I have learned that many hotels tend to put their Hotwire and Priceline guests in the not so nice rooms, however Fairmont gave us a huge room with a really private balcony.  The pool is fabulous with really comfy lounge chairs. The grounds are beautiful, staff is really friendly, fitness center is huge, all around it is a great experience!  For our NYE celebration we went to Stone Rose Lounge in the Fairmont and it is a really fun and classy bar that I would recommend as well!
5	Loved our long weekend at the Princess especially with the brutal winter we're experiencing in Chicago.  We had a great Fairmont Gold room that was perfect serenity for the R&R that we really needed.  Comfy beds, nice lounge-y pool areas (can choose from several), beautiful grounds overall.
4	The service is spectacular, grounds are great, but the rooms in the main hotel are so devastatingly outdated it makes me want to cry.I can't imagine paying the same money to stay here over the Phoenician. Overall a big hit, but it's in the shadow of a giant.
3	I'm conflicted on this review.  The grounds are lovely.  The room remodel was phenomenal and the new rooms are how I'd like my room at home to look.  If you're having a meeting here, the catering is absolutely outstanding - some of the best hotel food I've ever had and that's saying something.  If I could find a great rate I would happily snag a casita for myself and some girlfriends and hang out over at the secret little casita pool (hmmm, no cocktail service though, wait. . . ).I've just had some service issues.  People are nice, yes, helpful and friendly.  But some requests I made went ignored.  Some of the staff didn't read their service orders very carefully.  I was eaten alive by something while I slept (they're pet friendly; a flea perhaps?).  Areas where they could've excelled to better a situation were flubbed (moving me from a lovely, light filled room to a dark, lonely one?  Fail).  I already have another meeting booked here so I'll be back, but I'm really sort of nervous about it.  This is another situation where if I was on vacation, I'd be okay with this spot as a lovely, relaxing destination, but as a meeting planner, I'm nervous that they'll screw it up and make me look bad.  Hopefully everyone will be distracted by the awesome food.
5	One of the best experiences at a hotel. The staff were never-seen-before FAAAABULOUS!  Incredibly friendly AND helpful.  The restaurant, while said to be one of the best, provided a meal that I wasn't overly impressed with, but again the wait staff were so wonderfully friendly and accommodating the food didn't really matter so much. They didn't want you to rush, and they wanted you to enjoy your time there.  It's a beautiful hotel, and the rooms are nicely appointed.  The Fairmont Princess in Scottsdale certainly knows how to treat their guests well, and barely an ounce of snob-factor was felt.  Enjoy yourself by the beautiful pool areas day and night, and if they still have movies at the pool in the evening...partake!!!
4	Stayed here this past weekend.  Beauftiful resort. The Casita suites are wonderful!!  850 square feet and can sleep up to 6 people.  There's a shower plus a tub and two sinks.  You can request for a small fridge to in the room as well.  Anything you need, you can call and they'll bring to you.  It's awesome!  And everyone is soo friendly.  The casita suites have a pool in the area so that you don't have to venture over to the main pool that is crowded.  There's nice plush little sofas that you can lay out and relax in.My one knock, is I wish they had free internet.  Shoot, if you're paying so much already, why not just throw it in.  It's $15 a day for internet.  Boo!You really don't have to leave the resort as there is enough to do if you really are trying to get away from everything and the intention is to do nothing.  However, if you want to leave to resort the Fairmont is in a great location and it's pretty easy to get anywhere from here.
3	Maybe the Santa Monica Fairmont Miramar spoiled me, but I wasn't blown away with this property. Several years ago, when the Phoenican was a Fairmont property, we had several events at the Phoenician and it was truly 5-star. However, for some reason the Phoenican is no longer a Fairmont, leaving the old Princess Hotel as the Scottsdale representative. There were positives, though:The service at the pools was incredibly great!The room was nice.The concierges were great.The negatives:Front desk seemed to be a lot of people with the same last name: "Trainee". Why the Fairmont had this many trainees at the front desk is beyond me.The Hotel was a bit of a maze and the valet got lost.No "Platinum-level service". As a Platinum-level President's Club member, the Miramar pre-checks me in and members go straight to their room, (keys come from the valet), usually to find a personalized snack and a hand-written card from their GM thanking me for the business. This property has so much potential based on the meeting room space, new restaurant and location. It's a shame Fairmont doesn't run it like the Santa Monica, Maui, Nob Hill, San Jose or Playa del Carmen properties.
4	I am heading to The Fairmont this weekend for a girls trip and hope to have a good review upon our return. As of today, "Yay!, I'm a fan". I've also checked out the Willow Stream Spa reivews and will provide feedback regarding that portion of our trip as well.
4	Just returned home after spending two wonderful nights at this beautiful resort.  We arrived early before our room was ready for our arrival to drop off our luggage before we ventured out for the day.  We were greeted by the most pleasant young men who were eager to help in any  way.  They took our luggage, gave us directions and cold water bottles, the cold water bottles were a very nice touch and much appreciated!  The room was impressive, clean and very updated with a flat screen TV and a comfortable bed with white linens, very nice. The customer service was absolutely wonderful everywhere we turned. The facility is very large and very well kept. There was some renovation taking place during our stay, the Fairmont made sure that even during this process things remained tidy and professional looking.  I can only imagine how much more impressive this beautiful resort will be the next time we come!
5	Awesome Hotel. Went for the Girls Trip during July 09. Stayed 3 nights and had a wonderful time. Pretty rooms, comfy, nice decorations, great!!!! Ate at Bourbon Steak - Matthew is a great bartender and wonderful waiter. Use him and tell him the "Dallas Girls" sent ya. Also, hung out at Stone Rose Bar quite a few time and enjoyed that as well. The hotel is large, but they do have golf cart service to help you get around if need be. Besure and have breakfast there at the restaurant  and ask for TIM. He was wonderful and I can't wait to go back and visit. Loved it! Ready to go back!!!
5	This is my favorite hotel in the phoenix area and even though I live here I go there for "mini-vacations". It's great for kids and has waterslides, a free and fun kids club and has summer "dive-in movies" at the pool.
5	We went back and upgraded to a Suite in the Fairmont Gold section. OMG! What incredible service and such a bargain. For the upgrade, you get a really nice room with 2 flatscreens, awesome concierge service, a private lounge area with free breakfast and afternoon "high tea-type snacks"; and, access to their 44,000 sq foot Willow Stream Spa.I WILL go back to this property as the Gold section is basically a Hotel within a Hotel and the quality is as good as any of the best Fairmonts!
5	The fiance surprised me for a weekend getaway to celebrate our engagement a few days after he proposed :). This place is amazing! They drive you around in golf carts (although you can walk the resort in about 5 minutes). There's an amazing spa and fitness center (we took a morning yoga class, got a couples massage, and used the spa facilities). They have so many different pools (even semi-private ones near each section of rooms). Would def go back!
4	Consider this a 4.5 star review... only reason I'm not giving it five stars is because then what would I rate a hotel like the Phonecian?!  I just arrived back from a week in Arizona last night.  Let me just say I had a blast and would move there in a minute.  Now onto my review... we stayed here because my parents were meeting us out there and they wanted to be close to the TPC Champion golf course.  Generally we are more likely to stay at the Phonecian but couldn't refuse the ridiculous rate of $99-$139/night per room.  The resort is HUGE... literally took me ten minutes at least to walk from our room to my parents room.  The rooms are very nice, modern and comfortable.  We had a king size bed that was fabulous with a spacious bathroom, large balcony, walk in closet and separate sitting area with a desk and couch.  There is a complimentary fitness center for hotel guests that is OK.  Has three older elipticals, three treadmills, one bike and older fitness equipment.  The Willow Stream Spa is worldclass (see my separate review).  I definitely recomend it.  There are several restaurants and shops on site which makes it easy never to leave the resort.  Bourbon Steak is here which we did not go to because I live right across the street from the one here in DC.  The only drawback is that they don't have free wifi in the guestrooms.  Note- for Presidents Club memebers you can access free wifi in the business center.  Overall we had a fabulous time and I look forward to returning to the Fairmont.
5	Gorgeous property and such friendly staff, from the bell hop to the front desk and housekeeping, I enjoyed my stay to the fullest. I was attending a Halloween event this past weekend and booked a room to alleviate any hassle of getting home.The decor of the rooms were beautiful, modern and classy. The novelty of having a phone in the the bathroom was just comical to me, but nice touch. And the view I woke up to was amazing. Overlooking the pool, and palm trees and in the distance were the mountains. I wish I would have had the opportunity to experience more of the amenities the property had to offer but can definitely say, though I literally live right down the street, I will be back.
5	The service was amazing, and worth every dollar that was paid.  I went there with my boyfriend for a nice, quiet, romantic vacation away from Los Angeles and we enjoyed ourselves so much!!Our room was gorgeously decorated with a very comfortable bed, television and a bathroom equipped with a beautiful jacuzzi-styled tub and see-through shower.. and vanity area (for me!).I would definitely stay there again, although we rarely saw anyone younger than 35- unless they were the children of these older folks... so we continously got asked "where are you from?"  lol.  Good times though!
5	AMAZING!!!! The best resort!!!! I had the best time ever at this hotel. My husband and I wanted a nice romantic get away and that is exactly what we got! The people who worked there were so sweet and accommodating. If you are looking for a perfect getaway...this is it!!!!
4	I got a chance to come here (it is a hop skip and a jump from the Diamond Resorts where we stayed) for drinks and to get a very special someone her bday gift! The Fairmont is ridiculously huge. We sat out at their bar area which has huge outdoor seating and fire pits. It was a relaxing atmosphere and we got to get some laughs in before heading to the Roaring Fork (YUMMM!). What was super relaxing though was their spa. Just going into the front there was a sense of calm and relaxation. High ceilings, tons of local products and YOU GET TO BE THERE ALL DAY when you make an appointment. We got our friend a gift certificate to use either for massages, products or facials. Our friends staying here were able to rent tennis shoes and gear... WTF!!! That is crazy!! Tons of places to park, friendly staff and this location is within shopping, great places to eat and freeways. If you don't stay here this is a place to check out!
5	I have toured other Fairmont properties in Hawaii, Maui, and Cancun. I've also stayed at the one in San Jose, CA.  When my friends came for a vist and said they were staying at the Fairmont, I jumped at the chance to visit them.  The property is beautiful.  The grounds are well kept and everything is spotless.  The rooms are nicely done.  The room my friends had was a very nice garden view.  There was a nice patio with table and chairs. It's the perfect place to have your morning coffee and watch the bunnies on the property.  They were everywhere and so cute!  The bathroom had a nice big tub, separate shower and double vanity.  All in all it looked very comfortable.  We had drinks in the bar outside that evening.  There is a small indoor bar and a huge outdoor bar with lots of seating and fire pits all around.  It gave a very nice ambiece.  The drinks were very good and our server was very attentive.  I would highly reccomend this property if you are going to visit Scottsdale or if you want a nice "staycation".  I will be utilizing the spa there soon since my wonderful friends gifted me for my birthday.  I cannot wait to try it!!
4	What a beautiful property! The grounds are really extensive, with many little hidden spots to sit and read a book, or even just watch the rabbits and quail wandering about. This is a great hotel to catch some R&R and just enjoy the springtime Scottsdale weather in classic Southwest architectural surroundings.After being driven to our building, we entered our room, which consisted of a bedroom and sitting area; big walk-in closet; and huge bathroom with his-and-her sinks, separate tub and shower, and enclosed toilet. After relaxing on the patio for a bit, we explored the property. The pond was beautiful, and we even saw children fishing for crappie with poles and tackle provided by the hotel. Among the many pools on the property, there was even one geared toward children with a pretty impressive waterslide.We wandered through the lobby, stopping to check out Bourbon Steak, the Michael Mina restaurant. Next we walked past the fire pits and lounge seating of the outdoor Stone Rose bar, owned by Rande Gerber (yes, Mr. Cindy Crawford). As we got closer to our room, we also saw the Willow Stream Spa (gorgeous), newly reopened La Hacienda restaurant, and tennis courts.Later in our stay, we took advantage of some of the perks of the Fairmont President's Club so we could enjoy the courts. Neither the boyfriend nor I had brought athletic wear, but that wasn't a problem thanks to FPC. For $10 we were able to order Adidas workout wear and have it delivered to our room to keep for the duration of our stay. I received capris, a sleeveless top, a lightweight jacket, tennis shoes, and socks. He got shorts, a long-sleeved t-shirt, tennis shoes, and socks. Thanks to FPC, we also got racquets for free and only had to pay the court fee. There are at least seven courts, and one even features stadium seating if you want to pretend that you're Andy Roddick or Venus Williams and get your friends and family to cheer you on.Service at the Princess was very friendly and welcoming. The minor low points we experienced had to do with our room being cleaned very late in the day when we wanted to be able to change and relax before heading out to dinner. Also, the pods for our in-room espresso maker were replaced with only decaf! I know--what a nightmare! ;) But it did cause us to get dressed and go in search of a coffee bar on property. There isn't one, but when I explained to the hostess at the casual bistro that we just wanted some coffee to take back to the room, she brought two cups out promptly and said they were on the house when I tried to pay for them.I would love to come back here for a longer stay, especially since I didn't have time to enjoy any of the many pools, even though the main one is open 24 hours a day. Nor did I get to do any shopping or take a spa treatment (more FPC discounts). I can see why this is an Abu J.-approved hotel.4.75 stars!
4	The Fairmont Princess seems to have gotten its service act together. We stayed here during Baseball Spring Training, and the service was much improved! Now, if they can only install wi fi, they move up to 5 stars! Note: The Gold section has wi fi. Service is spotty, but the rest of the resort does not.
5	Great place. Beautiful grounds. Fantastic pool for kids.  Excellent outdoor seating in the evenings.  Get the Gold Rooms.  The lounge and breakfast are great values with buffets every morning with eggs, sausage, waffles, berries, OJ, coffee cereal, cold cuts, the works.  The week we were there (Spring Break) the lounge was understaffed, but I suspect that was due to the high occupancy that week.
5	Pool crashing season has commenced.  The Fairmont Princess has three pools, well two and one with a slide.The South pool is for adults or at least less kid friendly.  There's club music, lounges, beds, and various raft/inner tube floating devices.  The beds are the best and I totally scoped one out as soon as I could.The East pool is kid friendly and plays more island type music.  The slide is located directly behind it.  Back to the South pool...I was sitting with my friend by the jacuzzi waterfall when these guys tried to pick up on two ladies dangling their feet in the water by the stairs.  They asked these ladies what brought them to Scottsdale and they answered... rehab.  No joke.  It was hilarious.  They had just graduated the program and were celebrating by the pool.  That will be my new line whenever someone asks if I am from here.  I will say, "Nope, just here for rehab."
3	Basically this is a tired old hotel that must be struggling to maintain its five star rating.  If I had to guess - I would have thought 4 star at best.Pools are ok but crowded.  Place feels claustrophobic and shows its age.  Employees are semi-engaged.  No wi-fi in some rooms.  $15 a day for be tethered to network cable.  Bar was understaffed at night. I do 120 nights a year in hotels... I would NOT spend $200 for this one.   Could have been nice in its heyday but time has past it by...
5	I want to permanently live at my new favorite stay-cation destination!!! At checkin, I was asked which room location I would like (all of which came with a balcony!)  - my choices included - pool view, lagoon view, quiet buildings, those located near the party area - so many choices! I was in heaven!! We chose a room overlooking the lagoon - semi close to the pool, but far enough away to have zero noise. At night, there's a fire fountain in the middle of the lagoon that was so wonderful to watch while sitting on the balcony sipping lemon drops and having deep talks.The amenities were FANTASTIC! There are two water slides that kept us busy w/ the 5YO for hours. There are nice size gates around the pool area and it felt very safe and clean. The adult lounge area was very sleek and beautiful. Next time, we will bring friends so we can hang here and leave the kids with a babysitter at night!  All of the grounds were wonderfully lush and landscaped nicely. I never saw one piece of garbage on the ground anywhere.The room was lovely - beautiful decor, great materials, no detail was compromised and the place was perfectly clean. Even with the loud fire fountain outside and the ice machine outside our room, our room was completely quiet inside - it was a great experience.We bought our room with miles, but given the amazing rates, I think we will have to have one more weekend here. Here's a link to the great summer rates.http://www.fairmont.com/scottsdale/HotelPackages/SpecialOffer/SummerSale.htmI would recommend bringing your own booze - we bought two boat drinks by the pool for a little under $30 including tip. Thank goodness we had our own mixers in our room for the rest of the stay!Highly Highly Highly Highly recommend this place!!!
4	What a wonderful property! It's been years since I have stayed at this Fairmont and when the opportunity came up to get away for the weekend-the deal that they were offering was the best one around so we booked it. Everything was quite perfect during my stay. Check in went smoothly and the desk clerk (Matt) was helpful in answering my questions about upgrades (hey- I was here on a cheap deal- always ask what the next level of accommodations are- you may be surprised at how cheap it is!) and quickly got me checked into a great room. The "basic" rooms here are about 525 square feet which is pretty large and includes a balcony with tables and chairs. And they are set up in an interesting way with lots of angles which makes you feel like the room is bigger than it is with lots of privacy. And they have obviously be recently remodeled so they are contemporary and comfortable. The king sized bed had fabulous linens and pillows. And the bathroom with it's separate soaking tub and shower with plenty of counter space was lovely. There are signature soaps and lotions from Miller Harris in the bathroom as well. Internet will cost you $14.99 a day but here's a tip. Join the Fairmont Club for free (register on line) and then the Internet is free! (you can thank me later) There are 5 pools on property including one for kids complete with water slides and other things that will keep the little ones happy for hours! I spent most of my time at the South Pool where service was excellent (thanks Vanessa for always being right there and remembering not only my drink but those of my friends!) and even the food coming out of the grill there quite tasty. The thing that sets this resort apart, in my opinion, is how helpful and friendly everyone is. I travel alot and these are some of the friendliest employees I have had the pleasure to come into contact with. The valet out front remembered me and my friends and always shared a joke with me about my car (okay- it was a Prius and I was having a few issues figuring out how that thing worked) The bartenders at the outside bar welcomed us back night after night and remembered what we drank. No matter where you called (housekeeping, spa,front desk, room service) everyone was pleasant and accommodating. If there is a downside to this resort- it is the location. It is so far north that all the things I come to Scottsdale for that are not located on property, are quite a drive south. I had forgotten how far out this property is. Again- not an issue if you just stay on the property but if you want to head to Old Town or any of the good shopping- it is about a 30 minute drive. All in all- a great resort. The deal we got was $199 a night for 2 nights with the third night free. There are other deals going on as well so be sure to ask or look for them on line. While my favorite Scottsdale resort is still the JW Marriott Camelback- the Fairmont did a great job of reintroducing me to the property and the Fairmont Brand this weekend making this a strong alternate when staying in the "Valley of the Sun"!
5	AMAZING!Everything you could ask for at a 5 star hotel is what was given at this pleasant resort!From the moment you check-in to the moment you check-out!So we went here for a company party and they decided to have the party in the ball room. Our company party had 675 people so the service was incredible considering the amount of people they had to cater a 4 course dinner to.The room itself was a Villa...2 plasma tv's, sectional couches in the living room area, memory foam bed, the best pillows ever, a huge closet, his and hers sinks, nice tub, patio view to golf course, super clean, the list can go on. All I can say is that i Hightly recommend this resort.They had a few bars all around the resort along with nice restaurants and pools. They had a really cool bar in the center of the resort with fire pits at night, white couches to lounge on (this is where we after partied) All in all I just can't express how nice this was...a bit pricey but you definitely get treated as a queen/king!
1	They could care less about local residents coming and enjoying the hotel and restaurants. I called 2 months in advance to book a reservation using a 2 night complimentary stay (No blackout dates or restrictions) at their resort I had purchased through the Phoenix Zoo Charity. They had told me that they could not guarantee me a room due to it being the weekend of the Waste Management Open and all the rooms being reserved for the major corpoartions like WM. They said to check back closer to the date, so I did, I called back first week of January and after dealing with 3 reservation hosts, who could not tell me if they had availabitlity, they finally transferred me to a person higher up. He said they could not allow me to use it for that weekend because they had 5% availability, I asked him why and  expressed that there were no restrictions and he continued to tell me that it was not possible. I insisted on speaking with the Reservations Director Mark Petrov who finally confirmed that I was able to use it for Friday evening but they had no availability for Saturday night and that I would be placed on the waitlist for Saturday night. At this point I was a little more happy, knowing I have one night and possibly a second depending on WM group not using their 300+ room block.  I contacted them back the Monday prior to my stay to see where they were with the room allotment and how it was looking for Saturday night. The woman I spoke to about that said "well, did they call you and tell you a room opened up? I kindly said no, and that I was just checking and seeing how it was looking, so we could kind of get an idea and plan around it one way or another. "She replied well they will call you if something does open up " in a rude manners.  I waited until thursday to call again to see if they could update me on my status for Saturday. They told me that they had no rooms available. After that phone call I thought to myself, I truly do not believe they have not had anything open up, especially after all the crazy weather throughout the country. I took it upon myself to call ask if I could book a room for Saturday night, after finding out they did have rooms available and I a was able to BUY a room, but not be contacted for being on the waitlist, I decided to book it.  Then I called up Mark Petrov( Reservation Director) and he continued to try and tell me that they werent rooms available, then I told him, then how could I just have booked one? Totally caught him off guard and I honestly could not stop arguing with him and questioning him about it. Then he said that the waitlist guests have not been contacted yet but were going to be called in the morning. At this point it was becoming too funny to argue with. He started apologizing profusely and then said we will take care of it. I was like, well that was the reason I booked the room, because you did not. After that we checked in Friday, I asked to speak with him personally and after 10 minutes of waiting for him, he came out apologized and gave me... 2 free "well drinks or beers" drink tickets. We ended up trying to go to dinner at La Hacienda restaurant there on the resort grounds. I will post a review about that as well separately.Today I checked my credit card statement and after all of that, they still charged my credit card for a room after he said he would make sure they charity certificate would be allowed.
4	Really nice place with good organization for events here.  There was no red bull at the bars for the event I was attending, but the bar in the middle of the courtyard had it!  This place has a great reputation, and as long as you can afford it, you will be happy with what you get.
4	Very nice place to stay and relax. I like places that are jumping with plenty of guests. This place is it!! The service is top notch!!  Highly recommended.  I love photography and while my husband was doing "work" stuff, I walked around and took pictures. :)
5	This is a superior resort with amazing amenities and services.  Probably a little on the pricey side, but certainly worth it.  Although, in my case, it was gratis - NICE!
5	love their villa, pools, service and everything there, except the heat.
2	This place isn't bad, it just isn't a 5-star kind of hotel -- that's all.You can read about all the nice things, but my only 3 problems are:1. The rooms. They're just kind of old school and a bit nasty. The bathroom still had someone else's hair on the ground. The felt old and crusty. This hotel was probably amazing 15 years ago. Also, the work area is crap... not even a real office chair. I killed my back trying to work off a living room chair.2. The food. The steak joint was good but way overpriced for the quality. Michael Mina has better joints. Not bad, just not what I expected after eating at 4 different Mina joints. The Hacienda place was "meh" at best.3. The bugs. I had drinks at the outside bar on both nights and every time we saw what I can only describe as giant mf'ing crickets/grasshoppers/wtf's crawling on the bar counter inches from us. We told some waiter about it and he ignored us. Finally one of the cool bartenders got on top of it while the other one was totally freaked out. Not good to have around booze and food. Ruined everyone's vibe.
4	Service impeccable, staff very friendly, everything you would expect from a 5 star except.... the gym.  I'm sure most peeps could care less but the equipment is so outdated it's really a shame. The cardio equipment is from at least 10 years ago and the weight machines don't all work. Other then that it's an amazing place with 5 pools and several outstanding restaurants.  Extremely family friendly, kids have their own check in where they get to pick out a stuffed animal, the kids pool with the two slides is awesome, therE is water around every corner to keep hydrated in this100+ degrees weather. I would give it 4.5 stars if possible but it's not!
2	Nice hotel and spa.  Friendly front of house staff and great spa, but this is not a five star resort.  Then again, it is not priced as such.Back of the house need major improvement.  I am surprised this is a five star resort.  Pool areas, common areas are not clean at all.  Broken glasses at the base of the stairs our room were left for days, cups and plates left under lounge chairs for hours and south pool staff totally inattentive.  Waited 30 min and no one came around so walked to the bar to place an order.Fairmont gold rooms are nice, but not super clean and, again, common areas not clean.  Cheap $10 hair dryer.If you stay here, the Fairmont Gold is good, as the lounge and workout room in the spa is much nicer with good staff.Word to management...work on your back of house here and you have a nice product.
3	The grounds here are spectacular! We even saw a night blooming queen of the desert on our walk last night. The pools are fantastic fun and the service outstanding. The reason for the 3 stars and not 4 is that the room is so dated.  The furniture looks like something from a Goodwill store and with the price of this suite that is just no acceptable.  The bathroom is very clean and nice but one of the towel racks fell off.  A little update to the room and this place gets 4 maybe 5 stars.The photos on their webpage of the room was SO different from what we have that I will hesitate to book at a Fairmont again not being able to be certain of what we might get. The beds were comfortable and a really nice touch was the in room cappucino maker.Everyone but the check in receptionist was extremely friendly and helpful and this matters a lot in a time when customer service seems to be a thing of the past. Great location too as it is close to great shopping and museums.
5	Excellent customer service, fabulous rooms, superb grounds & pools (the main slide is fun even for adults), and complimentary valet parking for Hybrid vehicles (as if you needed another reason to get a Prius)!  I'd definitely return!
4	The hotel needs some updating to be a 5 star resort.  However, the service was great.  Willow Stream Spa was the best.  You can practically spend your day at the spa with the Swiss showers, sauna, steam room, relaxation room, aerobics classes, and so much more.  They also provide healthy and reasonably priced meals.  It was so relaxing.
4	My second stay here in 2011 was very nice. I enjoy 117 degree Scottsdale as there's no problem getting into good restaurants, minimal traffic and the Fairmont isn't sold out! StoneRose lobby lounge was excellent as usual, and I blew off the usual jogging trail.
4	Lovely furnishings in the casita.  Great menu choices, whether room service or restaurants.  Loved the cinnamon salty popcorn in the bistro.   Grounds meticulously maintained.  Didn't seem like 5 star in terms of luxury, but is definitely high end.  Their car service to the airport was a new Escalade.  Priced at 55.00 for one way service (comparable to a cab).Only there for 1 night, or I'd write more :)
5	Huge, beautiful, awesome. Never been to Scottsdale before but I've stayed at another Fairmont do I gave this one a shot. So glad I did!The hotel is huge and spread out. The super nice bell boys give you a hold cart ride to your room and help get you acclimated to the area. There are three pools (at least one open 24 hours), multiple restaurants (only tried Bourbon Steak, bomb!), and pretty areas to chill and walk around. Also from a Californian it was pretty awesome to see rabbits hopping around everywhere. I'm used to squirrels. Rabbits are way more fun. The rooms are all super clean. The service is great. If you're in Scottsdale then this is a great place to stay!
5	Huge, beautiful, awesome. Never been to Scottsdale before but I've stayed at another Fairmont do I gave this one a shot. So glad I did!The hotel is huge and spread out. The super nice bell boys give you a hold cart ride to your room and help get you acclimated to the area. There are three pools (at least one open 24 hours), multiple restaurants (only tried Bourbon Steak, bomb!), and pretty areas to chill and walk around. Also from a Californian it was pretty awesome to see tiny rabbits hopping around everywhere. I'm used to squirrels. Rabbits are way more fun. The suites are super clean. The service is great. If you're in Scottsdale then this is a great place to stay!
2	The valet guys were absolutely awesome.  They were the best part of my stay at this hotel.  The grounds were okay - NOT 5 star quality.  The decor in the rooms seemed old, and the color scheme was dated. Although most of the staff was friendly, we did have a pretty bad encounter with the pool manager.  My husband and I had bought a bag of popcorn at the grocery store and were snacking on it poolside.  The pool manager came up to us and informed us that outside food is not allowed in the pool area.  She told us that we needed to put our food away.  She then left without even offering the opportunity to order some Fairmont approved food.  It was really strange and off-putting.  We had been sitting by the pool for over an hour and not a single person from the wait staff had come up to us to take our drink/food orders.  Also, it seems a bit ridiculous that we can't eat our own bagged popcorn.  It's not like we were chowing down on a big meal and making a mess.  It made the resort seem elitist.  I definitely won't be staying here again.I've stayed at the Hyatt Regency Scottsdale before and would definitely recommend that hotel over the Fairmont Scottsdale Princess.
2	Bourbon Steak House- was fantasticProperty not well maintained The property staff and service is deplorable --- STAY AWAY
4	This trip the Princess provided an upgrade deluxe suite on the back side of the hotel near the casitas, and a view of the lake. I like the Deluxe room as these seem updated, but are not as nice as the Gold Section. (Close though!)Service is excellent and parking is accessed through a separate lot by the tennis court. There was a tennis event going on. Odd because it was 109-112 in the daytime and raining a few nights. Thank you Fairmont Princess for another nice stay!
2	There are a few things I like about this hotel. The sheets are high thread count, they attempted to present an adobe-like architecture...but there are too many detractions to get above a 2. For example, they are literally pissing away water out of jets over their lounge areas and they have massive fountains of water all around the grounds. They will probably tell you that it's all part of their fire sprinkler system, yada, yada but what gets my goat is the water bottles in the room next to the bed. They are 4 and 6 dollars (depending on size) plus tax and "gratuities". I called the front desk to get the hidden price and the 4 dollars is actually a $5.60 tiny water bottle. That's just slimeball sales tactics. Free water bottles at the front desk, free water fountains...and yet if I reach over and grab one sitting by my pillow I'm paying 500% markup? WTFI also called the front desk and asked if there was a gratuity fee for taking a shower, flushing the toilet, using towels, soap...nope, just the two water bottles by the bed. Oh, and they charge $15/day for wireless. They're offering you access to a shared line that costs them about $20/month (I checked) for $15/day? The cell service in the hotel is non-existent. I was unable to make or receive calls or use data plans from my room or the hallways. Only after I exited the grounds could I get a signal. Might be related to the giant fountains and thick concrete architecture...The rooms are far too large. I had to take a shuttle to go to the toilet. This would probably be because the white settlers of AZ seem to be obsessed with taking up as much space as possible...but it has a serious side effect. It can literally take you 30 minutes to walk from the front desk through a maze of concrete-bunker-looking hallways with no markings and all painted the same color of baby diarrhea to get to your room. Couple suggestions to the management: 1) instead of just wing A, B, C, D you could be a little more creative and name things after birds or plants or colors. For example the cactus wing could have images of cacti painted on the walls to make it stand out, combined with a color green. Then again this place looks like a bomb shelter so that might be far too radical a change. 2) those tiny little signs with C, B, D numbers are just silly. Grab a stencil and paint on the concrete. It will be larger and less expensive and more interesting to look at. And easier to update...Did I mention this place looks like a stretched-out diarrhea-colored bomb shelter? Oh, and the doors are automatic from the inside. Dumb. I don't need you to open the doors after I've dropped everything off in my room. I need them to open automatically when I am arriving. Actually, I don't need automatic doors. Just turn them off and let them close faster so the hallways don't have to overcool themselves every time someone walks out. The male bartenders were amazingly cool. Anyone who can impress this cranky traveler deserves recognition. They right away admitted/agreed that the hotel bar is a bunch of sugary sweet fruit nonsense. Seriously, whomever created the menu doesn't understand drinkology. Don't waste my bourbon in a glass full of syrup and saccharins. Prohibition is over. You don't have to hide disgusting bathtub booze anymore. If you have top shelf liquids, then let their flavor be tasted. I didn't get a chance to interact with the female waitresses because they were too busy fixing their hair and chatting about the drama drama drama of whatever. Hmm, maybe I do know who created the menu.Anyway, I won't be staying here again. I like efficiency and intelligent design, two things this hotel seriously lacks. I also don't like slimeball sales tactics. But I appreciate that they chose nice material for the bedding. If only they didn't clean it with such harsh chemicals. Oh, and Sodium Laureth Sulfate in the shampoo? If I wanted a harsh industrial detergent to wash my car, I'd go to the car wash. I don't need that poison on my head, thanks.
5	Outstanding resort. Out best Fairmont experience and our favorite resort in the area. Great family, business or couples resort!
4	I was in my cousins wedding that was held here along with the reception and after party. Everything was top notch. The food was good but nothing that i would crave.
5	This resort is amazing! The grounds, pools, restaurants, workout facilities and spa are beautiful. Yet the best part is the customer service. From the front desk to the bell boy to the valet to the maid service to the restaurant staff. Everyone is willing to help however they can while wearing a smile. And the place is  totally decked out for Christmas which is a huge bonus. We will never stay anywhere else in Scottsdale.
5	Stayed here last weekend, and I can not say enough about the property.  The room was very comfortable and the bathroom was outstanding,  From the moment I register to when I left the service was world class.  They even had check in for my nephew that he is still talking about, and the property was decorated for the holidays and it was as if I was at home.  I look forward to staying here again in the future.
5	I recently stayed at the Princess in their Casita suite. It was nothing short of amazing. The property is gorgeous. The Willow Stream Spa within the hotel is great. The best thing about it was the staff. Customer service seems to be their top priority. The front desk staff was kind and very helpful. The best is Jarrod the valet guy with the cowboy hat. Everytime I go there he hugs me! Who doesnt love a hug? Kudos to the Princess for all the great things they do.
5	One of my favorite places to stay in Scottsdale.Great hotel, and they have good restaurants on site. The willow spa is very nice also.  The Gold section is nice since you get free breaksfast, Larger rooms, and all day access to the willow spa.  The only thing i don't like about the Fairmont is that  it can be a long walk to the front desk. They will give you rides in golf carts, but i would recommend if you are there for a convention, request to be close.  Unless you mind a long walk all the time.
5	Exquisite place! Bring you golf clubs!
5	We live in Scottsdale and yet we have stayed at the Fairmont more than a dozen times. You will simply not find a resort packed with more amenities anywhere in the valley. We know because we have experienced most of them. This resort goes all out to accommodate couples and families. We have watched musical concerts on the grass, played golf, caught catfish in the ponds (you can actually rent a pole), spent the day with our children at the water park, hit the spa, worked out, watched fireworks, shopped in the stores and experienced delicious food and beverage from the many onsite restaurants all in one weekend. I could go on however I simply recommend that you visit their website and book a stay at your earliest convenience. They often have special fun filled weekends setup for families so make sure and inquire about these if you have children and really want to experience a great weekend with them. Rooms are great beds are very comfortable. The only minor issue I might bring up for couples wanting to lay around the pool and have cocktails is the cost of these beverages which can easily run more than $10 each. Oh well I guess that can often be expected at resorts of this caliber. Have fun!!!
4	Love this resort!  Customer service is as good as it gets.  Concierge and desk personnel are very helpful and the rest of the staff will do what they can to make sure that your stay is most excellent and your every need is meticulously handled.  Have stayed at a casita and a regular room and have been satisfied with the amenities except for a small tear on one of the sheets???  Another downfall was the toilet paper, it was thin and not soft at all...  Place is sprawled out, expect to take a long walk to the restaurants and pool areas.  Overall, I would say, this is still a great place to stay and although it is a big resort and so spread out, it is good for you to walk...
4	Spacious rooms, dated property, overpriced restaurants, BUT...wait....YOU MUST CHECK OUT THE SPA. $35.00 a day gets you full access to their locker rooms, sauna, steam room, private terrace pool with food/beverage service, and waterfall style massage jacuzzi! Need a staycation in in AZ? The Spa is worth the drive. No need to stay there though, just make a day of it at the spa!
4	I just returned from a three-night stay. I wrote a long-winded review of Bourbon Steak, so I will keep my review of the rest of the resort relatively short:Grounds:  large property, with lots of pathways and well-tended landscaping. Rooms:  although it was called a "casita", it was really just a very nice hotel room in building G, overlooking the tennis center. Spotless room, great housekeeping.  Nice patio, luxurious bathroom, but the long walk from the bedroom to bathroom was a bit irritating by the end of my stay. Pools: Three, including one with a water slide. Spent some time at the main "South" pool, which was quite nice.  Excellent drink service!Fitness center/spa:  The 24-hour fitness room is pathetic if you want cardio equipment, but it is free. For all the latest equipment, you will need to visit the extraordinary-but-pricey Willow Stream spa. It is worth it.  F & B: * Bourbon Steak was top-notch* La Hacienda has awesome tortilla soup, but the rest of the meal was simply ok* LV Cafe is good, but not outstanding* Stone Rose Lounge has both indoor and outdoor seating, pool table, putting green, and attractive servers. For a hotel lounge, I liked it quite a bit. Service:  Friendly and attentive. Front desk is slooow, however. Overall:  The Princess delivers on all fronts.  Definitely recommended.
4	This was our best fairmont stay and our favorite farimont resort. Could have not been better. Thank you. First class.
5	I've stayed here a few times already for business  and enjoy my stay each time. Havne't had a chance to use their spa yet but it looks really nice with the waterfall inside.  Have only tried eating at La Hacienda.  Margaritas there are good and the guacomole is made right there....but should save that review for La Hacienda.   Would love to bring the family here with me next time.    This hotel seems to be always busy.    Service and facilites overall were nice.
4	We go to this place almost ever year.  Considering we go when it is 112 degrees out, you know the place must be pretty slick.  Fireworks at night, Movies to watch while in the pool and great kid's camp.  Oh, did I mention the water slides?
4	For us locals, this is a great place for a staycation and live it up in a little luxury. The rooms are HUGE with comfortable beds, ample closet space, huge bathrooms and a nice work area if you have work to do. All rooms have a good size patio or balcony as well.Guests can enjoy one of three refreshing pools. The South pool was a nice place to soak, enjoy some cocktails and listen to some live music (the guys also play Saturdays at Copper Blues so I'll have to go check them out) . The Sonoran Splash boasts the largest water slide in Arizona but as it was packed with kids I gave it a pass. But at night in summertime they have a  DJ, strobe and laser lights  and a fog machine, turn the place into an outdoor aquatic nightclub. There is also a more laid back pool for chilling and there is even a lap lane for those who want to exercise.There is also a golf course but as golf is not my thing, I passed on that as well. They are located in North Scottsdale so if Old Town nightlife is on your agenda, The Fairmont is not conveniently located. However Stone Rose is their onsite night spot and it's definitely worth checking out.As with any resort hotel, review your bill carefully because they always try to tack on a lunch or a few drinks that you did not have. So beware that you are not being charged for something you did not have. That doesn't really piss me off because I  know that all resorts do it, and it's up to each of us to review the bill.Nice place to stay for a relaxing getaway.
2	We stayed here over the weekend for my husband's 30th birthday. It was a staycation although neither of us had ever been here before. It was alright, but if given a choice, I would stay somewhere else next time.The first thing I would like to address is the valet parking, its a nice perk. But when they don't offer self parking and they force you to do it, they should not charge you $20 a day.The staff was friendly although we had to ask 4 different people about the bar hours because everyone kept giving us a different answer. The pool and outdoor bar hours are very weird, and pretty inconvenient for weekend guests. The South Pool has a bar that closes at 6 on the weekends. We didn't check in until after 4 so by the time we got to our room, got changed, and got down to the pool, the bar was closed. I must also point out that they decided to close early that day because it was sprinkling. I thought that was very odd as anyone who has lived through monsoon season in Arizona knows it doesn't stay raining for long. The pool itself is open 24-7 but to not have drinks readily available was annoying. On Friday and Saturday nights (I think just through the summer) they have a pretty good fireworks show at 9:15, viewing available at the South Pool. We went to Bourbon Steak for dinner. It was excellent and by far the best part of the weekend. It's expensive. It's not someplace you want to dine with kids. Expect to spend at least $150 for a decent dinner for two, excluding drinks, appetizers, and/or dessert. We spent almost $250 for three drinks, one salad appetizer, two steaks, two side dishes,  and one dessert.The room itself was nice. Very clean. We had a nice view of the TPC and a nice little balcony that we enjoyed after the summer rains. It was a little bit of a walk to get to, but the resort is spread over 60 acres. You can tell the resort has been there for awhile, it looks old, some of the carpets are worn and have stains. But overall it wasn't too bad.The reason I am giving it two stars is because of parking, the bar hours, and the check-in time. I realize such a large resort needs time to clean rooms, etc, but it doesn't give you much time to enjoy the place unless you are staying several days.
4	Stayed here for a week as a perk of my job. Had a small spread of gourmet food buffet-style food for breakfast, lunch, and dinner the whole week.I loved their orzo salad and their incredible breakfasts. Eating breakfast outside on the patio is recommended. The grounds are beautiful and overrun by adorable hares. They were everywhere! I also had the pleasure of spotting a couple turtles hanging out. Hotel was very accommodating when I asked for my office chair to be replaced. They also brought in plenty of drinks and candy when I let them know I had a sweet tooth.I still miss the quiet walk to breakfast across the sweeping grounds as the sun was rising. Very peaceful way to start the day.It's more than comfortable here.
5	all i can say is top notch!!!!   i love this place!!!  i left & returned a rental car, then switched cars and the valet still remembered my name!!!  the grounds, rooms, & amenities are fabulous!!!  highly recommended!
5	We recently had a pleasure trip to AZ and I booked at the Fairmont Princess and I must say I made an AWESOME choice! - Room was I guess a standard King but it was so large and spacious with a couch and seating area as well as a very comfortably appointed bath and patio. The decor looked fresh and new as well. Very contemporary. Lovely. We were in building C and overlooked the rose/aroma garden which was quite quiet and pretty. Might have been a little better to overlook the lagoon with the firey fountain but we were pleased none the less.- Pools were the best. We swam in the main south pool, the east pool and used the slides the kids area as well. Did a lot of night swimming as it was hot and gotta tell you...night swimming rules! We rarely get to do where I live.- Restaurants and bars were very good...if a bit pricey...as well. We had dinner at Bourdon Steak by Michael Mina which was very tasty and nice ambiance. Ate at Hacienda Restaurant and also at the bar at an outside table. Kinda liked eating at the bar better. Yum of the drinks. - Great trip....great place...we will be back!
5	WOW what an amazing property it has it all, multiple pools, water slide, wading pool for young children, multiple restaurants, EXCELLENT staff at your beck and call. The rooms are a great size and the closet is the biggest I have ever seen. They also have a private Western style sound stage with props perfect for a family Reunion or Company Event. I can not wait to bring my family next Summer. One of the BEST Hotels we have ever stayed at.
5	Came here for a wedding!!  It is beautiful there.  The staff is extra friendly and super helpful.  And great with directions (the place is huge, you need directions).  They even have electric carts that drive around the ground to pick lost souls.  LOL!  The pics look fabulous!   Our friends had an outdoor wedding next to the body of water with a ball decoration that has fire and flowing water (Great back drop for pics).  We hung out at the outside area for drinks, pics, and chats after the ceremony.  Then we were led to the banquet room.  The place was very nice.  The servers were awesome.
4	I came here for a "break up weekend" and had a fabulous time. What is a "break up weekend" you ask?Well, it's when a couple decides to break up but does it in big style ;)We checked in Saturday morning and headed to our casita. The room was great, bathroom was spacious, everything was extremely clean. After we checked in, we got dressed for the Kentucky Derby party. The food at the party was delicious. In addition to the great food, was bourbon tasting, mint juleps, pictures with a beautiful horse, and best dressed contests. After the Kentucky Derby party, we headed back to the room for a nap and then got dressed for the resort's Cinco de Mayo party. The food was meh but the live music and dance lessons made up for it!The resort staff were great and knowing that we were local, advised us that after checking out on Sunday morning, they would store our bags if we wanted to hang out at the pool for the rest of the day.It was a great weekend and so great to be able to get away in our own backyard.
4	Visited the spa for an hour long massage and use of the amenities.  The place was very well maintained and the staff couldn't have been nicer.  Well, except for the bitch at the reception desk who couldn't be bothered to help anybody with a purchase from the area where they were selling bathing suits, and various sundry products used in the spa area.  Everybody else gets an A+, she gets an F for surly attitude, lack of customer service and just being rude.  I hope that she's not there if I go back because she undermines the hard work of everyone else.  I don't care who her daddy is or whatever her connection to the place is.  I mean she must have a "protector" because her poor performance stands out like a sore thumb---so I'm sure the staff would can her butt if they could.
5	Absolutely beautiful!!!  I felt like Princess at this Resort!!Amazing.  Upon arrival my room was not available, the front desk asked for a telephone number that I may be reached so that she could contact me when my room was complete, she repeatedly apologized for the delay, I told her no problem.  about 3 hours later the girl from the from desk called to tell me that my room was available now, I went up to the front desk and the girl again apologized and explained that the hotel upgraded me to a Villa, I said "ok" not realizing what "Villa" meant  at the Fairmont.  All I can is "Wow"   The Villa was amazing!!!  Everything while staying at the Fairmont was amazing, from eating my breakfast on the balcony, with fresh orange juice every morning to the amazing staff.  I can not say enough fabulous things about the Fairmont in Scottsdale.Thank You!!!  Thank You!!!
4	Outdoor bar great atmosphere solid drinks nice vibe. Food at the eateries on the property was fabulous.
5	Love this place. Come every year. Great for families. Lots to do on campus - poolside movies in the summer to skating during Xmas. This place has it all. Great service and the restaurants are all great. The perfect destination for everyone!
4	Enjoyed New Years' Eve here at the Stone Rose Lounge. The event was mostly outside around their outdoor bar. Although it was a very cold night, they did pretty well positioning all those heat lamps everywhere. The seating looked very pretty, but it was all at an additional cost so we chose to stand and mingle around the lamps like moths. There was an indoor bar as well. I was surprised that the ladies room only had two stalls. Granted this evening had a lot of guests but ladies rooms always need more than two stalls! So nonetheless there was always a wait. The hotel lobby was decorated very nicely for the holidays. Valet was complimentary for the event. Drinks were expensive but I wasn't expecting a bargain there. There was a complimentary champagne toast at midnight and a DJ provided entertainment.
4	This hotel is nice. Some rooms are amazing - the renovated rooms are lovely. The Casitas are not. Be warned - they are comfy but tired - broken lamp, leaky gas fireplace, ripped curtains, broken phone for 3 days. You get the idea. I am really torn between 3 and 4 stars. We were in a 3 star room, but there are a lot of 4 star rooms there, I know. It really is a nice hotel, but it just cannot have things like that and still be considered a luxury resort. Also be warned that the water slides are a lo-o-o-ng walk from the Casitas, and families (who want the water slides) seem to end up at the Casitas. The Casitas are really a trek from everything. Furthermore, inexplicably, there is a serious shortage of hot tubs. The Casitas have their own little pool with a teeny hot tub that is terrifying to use. I hurt myself walking into it both times as it lacks enough steps and has broken filters on the bottom. The pool you will want to use if with kids is the East pool and the Sonoran splash - a giant pool area with a fun double slide - and no hot tub anywhere. Every single family over there is asking about it and seems utterly flummoxed. So then you trek all the way back soaking wet and shivering to either the South pool (more of the adult crowd and they do not want your kids in there) to use their hot tub or back to the Casitas to use the teeny treacherous one there. Very bizarre for a big club. And the word on the street is true -they do nickel and dime you, so be warned. Little things will add up. They have a skating rink! Wheee! but you will spend 100 dollars to use it with your 3 children. And then they will have a stand for hot chocolate nearby and charge 5 dollars for water based hot chocolate and 9 dollars for a baggie with the makings for 2 'smores. Really? If you aren't even serving real hot chocolate don't you think you could just make it free for the people who are spending all that money to skate? Another thing to keep in mind is that the Princess is really out of the way. The zoo and the botanical garden are more than 30 minutes. But they are close to the Musical instrument Museum and that is a world class place- a must visit for anyone in the area!! There are plenty of restaurants nearby, so that is nice, but a lot of the activities are in other areas of the city. The Christmas decorations are really nice. The pools are pretty good. The food is pretty good. I am on the fence and just not sure if I should say 3 or 4 stars.
5	Five star property in a five star location. Oh, you'll pay for it, but it is worth it. The holiday touches were perfect... Lights, musical tree, and ice skating all made this place feel like a winter wonderland! Bring on the Phoenix Open in a month, and then spring break... The Princess is ready!
4	we came here for their NYE party at Stone Rose Lounge. unless you had VIP or reserved a table (for i'm sure an exorbitant price) we were regaled with the other 99% to standing under one of many of their outdoor heat lamps. it was cold so i pretty much had to keep my jacket on the whole night. my wife, the better of us two, toughed it out by showing off her lovely dress and heels...me? i just cowered under the heat lamp. the bar staff was quick and polite. one of my beers had a skunky taste, so i returned and they were quick to offer me another option. there were 2 bars, one outside, one inside. the dance floor was packed with bad dancers until i showed up and started busting my "bite-lower-lip" moves. the music was very good for the party. of note, i was expecting a more upscale crowd, but there were many drunken scottsdale folks and plenty of skirts so short, butt cheeks were hanging out. the hotel itself is beautiful and all the valet/hotel staff are impeccably dressed and acted accordingly. if i could afford a real stay here, i most certainly would.NYE ticket prices were the cheapest we could find...only 25 bucks per person (again, standing room or bar only...no tables).
4	This review is specifically about the Special Event ice skating rink that is set up around Thanksgiving & runs until just after the New Year. We went for the last Saturday night skating session of this season. Our group of 8 made this our first stop for a birthday/bachelorette party outing. Once we got thru the logistics of getting our skates rented ($5) & paying for the skating ($15), we found a bench sat down & put on our skates. However, we were scolded for not lacing up in the right location. You MUST stay on the black walkway/bench area once you have your skates on. Would have been helpful to know that when we sat down & started the whole process. Perhaps directional arrows on the ground or sign or two saying "lace-up here" or a simple "DON'T put skates on here" would avoid this issue. Be sure to hit up the beverage stand BEFORE you put your skates on because you can't walk across the cement to get to it once you're laced up. After we actually made it on the real ice we had a lot of fun. We only skated for about an hour or so but 2 hours would have been exhausting. ;)  I'd definitely go back so I could take a ride on the Princess Express train to see ALL of the holiday lagoon lights & displays. The train runs just thru the end of December not after the 1st of the year.
5	I went on business but would love to come back for pleasure and enjoy the resort even more. When we went to check in Lauren was SO helpful and courteous. She was not just an employee but a great liaison to the resort. All the members of the staff were friendly and courteous. The sleeping area, bathroom were all well appointed. There were plenty of plush towels and two bathrobes The bed was like sleeping on a cloud and the sheets were very comfortable. We stayed in the Gold Lounge area and every night we received turn down service. We ate lunch once at the pool, which the ahi tuna salad was good but the hamburger was really different. It was wrapped in a quesdilla, a must try. One evening we went to happy hour at Bourbon Steakhouse which is attached to the resort, again friendly staff and great food. Sadly we had to leave and not get to check out the all the resort had to offer.
1	This big old hotel .".wannabe a big star" hotel  is just not worth your time or expense with so many beautiful new resorts, closer to venues, stunning properties and excellent customer service more  abundant today than in the 70's.  There was a time this place was the creme de' la creme, but it is propped up with some renovations, while many rooms are in need of some TLC++.I found their customer service clear up to the General Mgr.  to be very dishonest. My family member won first prize in a Halloween costume contest and they defrauded him by not rewarding the prize. To this day they will not provide a list of winners and  come up with a multitude of reasons why they don't have to. They are having tantrums about awarding a legitimate prize after my family and friends spent 3k just that evening. That is just plain "bad business".The Princess has turned herself into a frog.
5	Stayed during Christmas and had a great time. Skating and light display was amazing. We will be coming back for Christmas break for many years to come!
5	We came for an evening of Christmas merry making.  We started late in the afternoon with ice skating.  Unable to stand in skates without support from a parent, grandparent, or rail, my daughter had a blast.  Next, we toured the lights in the fading sun of the afternoon.  After that, we toured the light displays  in the moonlight.  Trees were wrapped, and there were various displays including a pirate ship, rocking horse, star fish, some wise men, etc.  The menorah was a nice touch.  After exercising our legs, we visited La Hacienda for dinner.  A great high end Mexican restaurant with a sommelier for the wine and a sommelier for the tequila.  After dinner we headed back to the car via the entrance and happened upon the giant Christmas tree with the lights dancing in step with Christmas music.  A great end to a great evening.
4	This is one of my wife's and my favorite Fairmont properties in North America.  Having been to many for work and pleasure, this was the first Fairmont we sought out a second time to relax and unwind.  The layout of the property is huge but exceptionally groomed.   The rooms are spacious (stayed in a casita the first time and one of the gold level suites the second).  The service is great.
2	I attended this resort from 2/28/2013 through 3/6/2013.My wife and I reserved a room for a work conference. My expectations were high because of the Fairmont name. The place wasn't horrible, but the service was lacking.1. The hotel nickel and dimed us. They charged us $20/night to valet our car. It would have been $10/night to park the car ourselves. Also, we only had a car for 3 of the 6 days that we stayed, and they charged us $10/day for the 3 days that we didn't even have a car, even though the front desk confirmed that we wouldn't be charged. Also, internet is about $15 per day, and an iced tea at the pool bar was $5. All the little charges were really annoying.2. The front desk person was rude. When we arrived, we found that my wife's company had put us in a room with two double beds. We asked the guy at the front desk if we could have a room with a queen or king size bed, but he refused and did not even apologize. So we both shared a double bed -- we could have stayed home and had nicer accommodations (or stayed at Hampton or a B&B).
4	This review is only for their meeting rooms and banquet facilities.  I've been to over a dozen luncheons and galas held here.  They recently opened a new ballroom area that's really impressive.  The space is large and has huge glass walls that separate the main ballroom from the pre-function space just outside.  The walls open up the ballroom in a unique way....instead of individual small doors, it creates a grand entry.  This is important because when opened, it gives your event a "grand entry" feel to it....I find that impressive.Also, the new ballroom gives you the option to have a separate valet entrance just for your event.  Again, this can be very impressive and convenient for your guests.  As a guest of a few events that utilized this feature, I thought it was awesome.The banquet staff here does a great job with their service of guests.  The food is always excellent.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/fairmont-scottsdale-princess-scottsdale?select=Z7jE_8qF3WIf6Ad18f9Hbg#Z7jE_8qF3WIf6Ad18f9Hbghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/fairmont-scottsdale-princess-scottsdale?select=N7cFBwu6HYG6os-WyAh1Vw#N7cFBwu6HYG6os-WyAh1VwOverall, they know how to help you create and execute a solid event.Return Factor - 90%
5	I was here for a conference and really enjoyed the stay.  The rooms were spacious and food was tasty.  The best find was the boutique clothing store where I found 3 pairs of pants and a top, all on sale and great prices!
5	Super.Parents stayed here a few weeks back.  They loved it.  They love the pool, and the rooms are very nice.  Look, this is the jewel of North Scottsdale for resort properties.They just expanded their meeting room facility space with "the Palomino Room."Valet service 24/7 at the front door.Concierge staff always first-class, top notch.Restaurants are top-shelf.Plus, here's the sleeper - you ready?  They do a ton of community events for families - so check out their schedule.  Fireworks in the summer, tree-lighting and ice rink around the Holidays.  Stay here, when needed.Or bring the family out for a good time on the weekends.
1	just visited.  their "upgraded restaurant" is terrible!i'll never go back!it feels cold ... loud ... unfriendly!i couldn't even stay to wait for the menu to arrive ... it was that bad!i have eaten there many many times in the past ... never again!bb
5	A resort hotel where the answer from every single employee is "YES! Now what is your question?" can't be beat.  We were pampered by great food, beautiful pools and public spaces, easy access around the resort, incredible, empowered staff to make everyone's stay amazing and lovely, lovely grounds.  The Well and Being Spa was fabulous, especially the Waterfall Massage (no extra charge).  Can't wait to go back!  I want to visit my new friend, Cecil, the tortoise.
1	If you want the Snobby Scottsdale experience, then maybe this is the place for you.  My husband and I were going to host a rehearsal dinner for our wedding at the Princess for more than 50 out of town guests, but our generous budget of several thousand dollars for appetizers and drinks that we had requested the event planner to stick to, was "beneath" for the Chef at La Hacienda.  Really unfortunate because we would have liked our guests to have seen such a lovely resort for possible visits in the future.  However, with the inflexibility and rudeness of the staff - they lost not only ours but all of our guests business as well.  There's plenty of great resorts and restaurants in North Scottsdale....I would pick any place else before we would ever consider going back to the Princess' or its restaurants.
5	I just spent three days here at a conference.  Yes, the facility and rooms are amazing.  The golf course looks great, the property is clean, and the food was fantastic.  But...the service at this place is AWESOME.  The landscapers move their cart to let you walk by, the cleaning staff is great, the waiters go out of their way to help, and the front desk clerks are as nice as punch.  The pools are great (I think there are 5) and the property is great for hanging out and relaxing, I enjoyed my early morning jog around the property!  Nicest place I've ever stayed at.
5	A true five star hotel and a very relaxing place.
5	Amazing stay. I have been to and stayed in many amazing places, but this place its probably one of my favorites.  Amazing staff, place, accommodation, food, gosh, i can go on and on.  This is my  second time around and i can wait to plan for my next stay.  The concierge was super helpful, the water slide is a must, and the spa is heavenly.  During Christmas months, their lagoon place is decorated super festively.
4	This place is beautiful and they had tons for the kids to do on Memorial weekend which made it very nice for the family.  They even have a zip line which was cool, the property is nothing short of amazing with the landscaping, ponds, streams, decor, and just the entire place made you feel like a "king/princess".  My only complaint was the service at the pool, it was TERRIBLE.  I think that it was just because they were short handed.  I was annoyed also because you were not allowed to take in food or drinks to the pool but if they cant hire enough people to accommodate then they should allow it.  The pool was fantastic with 2 large slides on the kid pool area and they had 2 other pools that we never went to but the whole place is just amazing.  I hope they manage the service at the pool since it was the only shortfall for our entire stay.
4	This is a beautiful resort with amazing customer service. Our room was lovely and the poolside food was delicious. We had an issue with our room that was quickly resolved.I was a little dismayed in that the pool security left at 5 and then folks came to movie night (dive in) to drink and smoke. We had to move seats 3x to get away from the smoke. Folks were ashing out right by the pool. A little frustrating for my son who came to watch the kid friendly (Igor) PG rated movie. I like smoking myself but when little kids are running around it isn't appropriate, and so close to the pool is really kinda filthy (I don't want my son swimming in ash soup, pretty please!)The fireworks are worth noting, they were great!! ...and we lived the kids club and meeting the turtles!!  The young men and women in the kids club are great!!!  My son is 13 and he still found a way to meander into the kids club and hang out.  Most other resorts have these kids clubs that target the little guys and that no longer appeals to him (we are locals, so this was a 'staycation' which we have done at other resorts.)The pools are so big and there was space, even on a crowded weekend. The security was a little stiffing, but without it, we might have to deal with more crowds and coolers of beer.  I appreciated that they let us bring in water, etc so mostly it was crowd control.Finally, the kids pool (there wasn't an adult only pool, but one was significantly quieter) was really fun at night, with neon glow sticks and a DJ and slides with fog.  At first the kid thought it was too "radio Disney" but eventually even he thought it looked too tempting and we both had so much fun hanging out there at night after the movie.Oh yeah, finally finally finally...we liked the zip line. Hope it stays! It was so fun..and my son is heavy enough his feet got wet zipping over the fountain in the pond! Super neat!My husband wants me to mention that he was working there that night and his band was playing for a wedding.  The band was treated as well as the wedding guests. Whether this was a standard of the resort or the hosts, we don't know, but the food was excellent at the convention center as well and the service was really outstanding.  Nearly a 5 star!!  If they could fix the smoking issue and maybe remove the dead fish beached out  in the pond by the zip line..it would have been a 5 star - and those are both easy fixes :-).  We would go again...maybe when my husband doesn't have to work!
4	The Fairmont Scottsdale Princess is a beautiful resort. The grounds are well taken care of. Go to this resort to celebrate a special event. The concierge was very helpful with off site dining information and driving directions.The Villa Rooms are large and comfortable. The villas have a nice patio or balcony facing a courtyard. Resort transportatation is available by shuttle to and from the villas, restaurants, spa and golf course.The spa is huge and has a roof top pool.  The spa staff is very attentive.
4	I like how the pool is open later than Kierland.  I will be staying here in August.  Make sure the water in the pool is full cuz I will be pushing it out.
5	Went there on a Expedia deal but I was treated liked I was first class all the way.  Staff was very friendly and helpful.  The grounds were beautiful and the room was awesome.
5	Love this pool! The Princess is now 25 years old, still glorious, still stately, posh and manicured. The service is impeccable. It's crips and clean , daunting in size, with several pools and understated luxury at every turn.It's pricy, it's worth it!
5	While you're at this amazing resort, you'll hopefully have the privilege of receiving outstanding service from Erin at the front desk like I did. After that, be sure to stop by the Plaza Bar where Istvan serves up an amazing whiskey mojito (it's not on the menu, but but sure to check it out.) Since you won't be able to leave after just one drink, take a minute to meet Jessica and Fernando,  the other talented mixologists. If you don't want to belly up to the bar, no problem. Brian, Karianne and Vivian will help you choose a libation to hit the spot. This team is also  a wealth if resources if you have any questions about the area. After a few drinks, if you're feeling hungry, try the Grape tomato and Mini Bocconcini duo for a tasty take on a caprese salad. You'll most likely want to stop by the pool after that. While you're there, Meredith will take extra great care of you! I suggest you situate yourself on the West side of the pool. It's a little less crowded and there aren't typically as many people meandering about.I'm sure you'll be ready for a nap after your time at the lounge and the pool...so before you seek refuge in the beautiful and spacious rooms, stop by the ponds to the south of the pool where there is usually a family of turtles and an interesting collection of birds hanging around.No matter where you decided to spend your trip, the Fairmont team always delivers extraordinary customer service and a one-of-a-kind experience that has people like myself loyally staying here for years.
5	Greeted by name as you enter. Friendly service with a smile. A complimentary room upgrade with champagne for my anniversary. Nice clean rooms with balcony to add to the spice of life. Nothing can go wrong! Except maybe the dookie breakfast in room dining, but you get a pass for being so awesome. I am a new fairmont fan!
4	I really like this place even after a number of problems that we had. The hotel pools and grounds are really awesome. We had an issue with our room twice during out two night stay which was resolved for the most part. There also was an issue payment in the bar and parking lot. This took 2+ weeks to resolved. After an initial complaint about the issues at check out we were dismissed by the assistant manager and only after we completed the survey post out stay a manager called made sure the issues were resolved. Patrick G was extremely helpful in all of this.Even post all the issues I would stay again as over all it is an amazing hotel
2	I came here for a wedding and would NEVER come back. The resort is beautiful but the service was terrible. It seemed like no one knew what was going on, no one was that friendly or helpful, and it was very frustrating and ruined my stay. The servers at the restaurant by the south pool in particular were completely unprofessional. Very disappointed in the Fairmont Princess, get your staff's act together!
5	Beautiful resort, everything here is spectacular and worth the price. Best time of the yr to visit here is at Christmas, they go all out. Even if you are a phx resident I wld highly recommend taking an evening and spending it here. Such a fun place to go on a date or with the kids, will make you feel like you are in a winter wonderland. They bring in a nice sized skating ring with lots of fire pits, and have a free train ride that goes thru out the property on a tour if their amazingly decorated grounds. Love this place.
5	This place is amazing! Gorgeous property that is very widespread and has plenty of stuff to do. Their spa is to die and ranked top spa in the area. Everything is very authentic to Arizona on property and staff is very helpful and friendly.Their concierge department is amazing and extremely helpful! Jessica is amazing and remembered my name while speaking with me and helping me decide my trip around Arizona
2	great place to stay but the valet needs work......an associate by the name "Craig mertz" was rude and impolite, someone should teach that kid how to work in the hospitality industry
1	Nice hotel but banquet service needs work. They just stop serving coffee even though people still siting. Last night they were rushing us because as one waiter said I want to go home. Nice room. No electrical outlets in conference room.The breakfast were terrible. Nothing like cold powdered eggs and cold coffee.I would never think of doing a conference here . Went to the bar last night and asked for toothpicks and drinks. The waitress said no toothpicks here so thankfully a manger heard me and brought me some. Sitting again at breakfast with cold coffee.
5	We stay here every year for my daughter's birthday.  Service is wonderful, yet a GREAT resort for families.  Unbelievable pool with water slides and cabanas.  Love the food at Bourbon Steak.
2	The complex is beautiful - especially around the holidays!  Lots of fun activities for kids & families.  The pool with the slide is only open from 10-4 - VERY DISAPPOINTING considering the $30/night fee to use it!  The rooms are good sized but are VERY OUTDATED!!!  Prepare to walk a mile to get to your car if you're not willing to pay for valet.......
5	We met friends for brunch at Ironwood, then used the spa.  Brunch was excellent - it was already past breakfast time but the waiter hooked us up with an incredible bagel and lox platter that rivaled some of the best NY lox I've ever had.  Really great.  My wife had the Cobb salad and loved it.  Then we walked over to the spa and inquired about massage and pedicure.  They fit us in with a great special for $189 pp including meal, massage and pedi.  And ALL were amazing.  No kidding, a highlight of our trip to AZ.  Highly recommend you remember to bring a bathing suit to take full advantage of co-ed portion of spa.  5 stars all around - great staff - great facility.  To round out the day our friends used the skating rink with their kids, then at night my wife and I enjoyed the train ride around the property with all the holiday lights.  It was a scene.  Even had a choreographed Xmas tree!  Highly recommend.
5	OUTSTANDING. Loved this place. It was perfect. We had a big meeting here and everything is great. the rooms, the food, the location. the grounds. I could not find one thing that was not perfect here. Very nice outdoor bar and seating. This is a must if your in Scottsdale.
5	Great hotel!  Great service, good location, lots of great amenities, lots of restaurants, a few pools, great shops. Rooms are a little small but it's a great resort. I would definitely return here again and again.
1	Disaster! Unbelievably disappointing. I understand they need to make money but after upgrading to a suite and finding out everything is booked solid, no space at the pools, restaurants sold  out for tonight iI Feel like I've been flimflammed! Will never return!
5	We were in a casita; living room, bedroom with tv; large bathroom; kcups for keurig; mini bar; nice towels; shampoo, soap, bathrobes. Very big and very nice.  Did not expect our accommodations to be so large and so lovely. I do not think the rooms were outdated as was mentioned in one review; they decor is very Arizona -- at least, in the Casita that we occupied (5318).The staff is outgoing and helpful and very friendly. The Spa is very relaxing with a daily rate; one of the nicest spas offering yoga, personal training, jacuzzi, large dressing areas, lots of towels, babybliss hair dryers, lotions, shampoo, conditioner, sanitized brushes, water, water with oranges, small muffins, coffee, tea, hot water, cold water, ice and on and on. The grounds are beautiful and you can walk around the hotel premises and get plenty of steps in for exercise. They also have a nice Starbucks (only down side is that they only service grande and ventis - don't super size me because I am only 5 ft 1 inches and need the tall or short). They also have a nice gift shop as well as a great restuarant for breakfast called the Ironwood American Kitchen, with the emphasis on the AMERICAN.  Since the trainer said I need protein in my diet, I ordered an egg white omelette with mozarella cheese, red peppers, and spinach; very good.
3	To start, I was visiting this property for a business meeting therefore I didn't have a chance to utilize the majority of services the hotel offers.My room was spacious, however they seem to cram a lot of furniture into the room and therefore negate the square footage.The bathroom in the room is where I was not impressed. It seemed very dated and there was a weird smell in the toilet room (like old bleach water).Also, on the 4th day I went to turn on my tv for the first time and the remote didn't work. Very annoying and something I would think they would check daily during the cleaning process.I was able to experience the spa which was fantastic! The massage and spa amenities were numerous and relaxing. I would recommend the spa. The fitness area in the spa is also great.Overall it was a good stay but to compete with the other luxury resorts in the area, they need to focus on the details. One huge plus was that everyone was very pleasant to deal with.
5	Hotel grounds are impeccably kept and the attention to detail doesn't stop there. The lobby and rooms are just as nice with the rooms being clean and enjoyable. I think if I were to have one complaint, the food wasn't up to the usual Fairmont standard. Albeit, I was attending a conference and all the food was catered, but it could have been better. Other than that- this is a very good example of a high end resort and should be given a shot.
5	This is a beautiful resort in Scottsdale, AZ. I arrived here for a conference and am so pleased.  The staff is friendly and helpful, the rooms are lovely, and the grounds are beautiful.  I definitely recommend this resort..
3	First time staying at a Fairmont and I enjoyed it.  The property is beautiful, very peaceful to walk around.  Loved the coffee in the room.   Biggest disappointments:  Fitness room and the over aggressive.  Some people might like having help with their computer case as they walk to the room, I don't
5	We loved our stay at this resort.  Great service, beautiful setting, good food-try La Hacienda happy hour. Delicious!  Don't miss the spa!  Amazing.
2	My family went to brunch at the Fairmont on Easter Sunday. The event was pretty disorganized. The check-in procedure was poor, there was nowhere to wait for your table except in the hot sun (it was in the 90's) and the little girls at the check-in area must have been temporary help. When we placed our reservation we were not advised that we may have to sit outside. We ended up outside with our elderly mothers and a toddler. In the conference center, where we found some A/C while waiting for our table, the restrooms did not have a changing station. My wife reported that the faucets in the women's room were not working and there was a pitcher of water there so that you could wash your hands. Unbelievable! The only saving grace was the food, which was very good. The layout for the stations was too far away from the tables. Topping off the experience was an automatic tip added onto the bill. As we walked out past the girls at the check-in area, we did not even get a "thank you" from them.
5	A friend and I spent 3 days here recently and absolutely loved it. The service was amazing, the grounds were great and our room was lovely.  We had a huge bathroom that was perfect for two girls to share.  The restaurants, the pool and the spa were all fabulous.Overall, it was the perfect location for a girls weekend. I would definitely recommend this hotel to friends.
2	This review is for the Easter brunch, which when you calculate in tax and tip cost over $100 per person. It was a huge disappointment. We have been to the Phoenician's amazing brunch a few times, and thought this would be similar quality, but we were wrong. First the service was bad from the beginning. We had reservations, but still waited in 90 degree heat for 20 minutes to be sat by what must be temps because they were so rude no fancy hotel would have hired them normally. We then found out Mimosas and Champagne were not included! I don't even drink them, but how could $100 NOT include at least 1 glass?Nobody ever offered us coffee, and the juices they had out were warm. Our water glasses were empty immediately and only refilled when we asked. Did I mention it was 90 degrees - how could you not be filling water glasses and offering cold juice!?The food they had was good, but there honestly wasn't much of a selection of typical brunch food. No eggs Benedict, no cheese tray, the fruit offering was less than what's in my fridge at home, no chicken or fish which is tough if you don't eat red meat, very few veggies, and what they claimed was a Mexican food section had beef only, no enchiladas, beans or even rice!There were plenty of desserts, but most were bland. They didn't have ice cream or any cold desserts like you'd expect on a hot day. Again, what they had was good, and if this had been a $30 brunch on a non-holiday it would have been fine. For Easter when you're trying to enjoy a nice meal with family, it was very disappointing!
5	This place is absolutely out of this world amazing. All around. Who decorated?? Who was in charge of the architecture and lighting? It's unreal, between the fountains, fire pits, gorgeous, spacious rooms... colored lighting that comes out at night... 3 or 4 pools, vast landscapes and gardens... Bourbon Steak restaurant within is fantastic, and the American Grill as well. I kept thinking it would be the most amazing location to have a wedding! My mom and I could not believe how empty this castle was. We spent our whole stay wondering why this place isn't the most happening party/bar spot in Scottsdale. We came to the theory that it's too far north of Oldtown. Shame!
1	As much as I would like to say my stay here was great...,it was AWFUL. I won't bore you with every detail but I will say the service (at all three pools) is terrible.not to mention the huge bug/ant problems at the pools. Normally, we stay at the Westin Kierland - where I have always had great experiences (and they actually treat you like a valued guest) but we thought we would give the Princess a try. Big mistake, we won't be back. EVER.
4	DROP IT LIKE ITS HOT?!  NOT because its AZ, but because I met PHARRELL HERE!!!! Work brought us here for a week.  I was consistently impressed in multiple categories, and then rocked back to earth in other categories.  I'm pretty sure less effort goes into the summer season?  Not really sure.  I'll start with the bad, and remember, I was there mid-June.If you goto a "Bar" and the "bartender" takes your drink order, the "Bartender" shouldn't leave the "Bar" to goto another "Bar" that I can see to put in your drink order and then come back to the "Bar" you are sitting at to take some other patrons order?!?!?! Then return to the other "bar" and bring back your drink you ordered?!  Why would I have not just sat at the other bar?  Seriously annoyed the hell out of me.  Food at all the onsite restaurants I tried undelivered but the catering for our work event was amazing (REALLY good catering for a large group).  La Hacienda was overpriced Mexican, and not that tasty.  The steakhouse was VERY overpriced and the steak was cooked completely wrong at a 4 DIAMOND steakhouse?!?! Shocked.My room.... amazing.  Overlooking the south pool, king size suite that felt enormous.  Everything you wanted.  Left razor at home, brought to my room right away by housekeeping.  VERY nice rooms.  Request pool view for sure.  AC works great, although the noise of these things always bugs me...just not use to them I guess.Swimming pools, VERY nice.  Not overcrowded like the Valley Ho I had stayed at the weekend before to party at.  Very clean, lacking a bit in service.... but the drinks were $11 a pop for WELL, so that was better for my companies bottom line.All in all, great spot, great staff, great place to have a work event... oh ya, I almost forgot to mention!!!!, I met Pharrell Williams here!!!  That was pretty freaking cool.
5	Stellar Customer ServiceThe rooms are gorgeous. The pools are fabulous! The customer service is like none I've ever experienced at a hotel. I spent three nights in one of the resort's casitas while attending a work conference on site. My only regret is that I didn't have more time to spend enjoying the pools and my suite. The food provided as part of the conference I attended was excellent. I cannot rave enough about all aspects of the hotel. Sadly, I cannot recommend any of the separately run restaurants on the property. I would definitely stay at the Fairmont Scottsdale Princess again. I would order room service and/or venture off site my meals.
4	The customer service was far beyond my expectations (5 stars for customer service). I was lodging for a work conference. On the day of checking out, I was very busy with the conference and didn't have time to grab my already packed bags from the room since my room was on the other side of the property. They offered to grab them for me and gave me the claim tickets. Very nice. This is only one example of my experience of stellar service.I was also really impressed by the property design, very nice. The rooms (resort casitas) were just as nice.The reason for giving this a four (4) star rating is due to the internal restaurants. While the service was fine there and the food was delicious, the prices were ridiculously overpriced. Best to go off the property for dining.
2	.
5	My husband and I absolutely love this place! Our first visit to Arizona was 2 years ago and we stayed here at the Fairmont Princess. We loved it then and still do! Shortly after visiting, we ended up moving here to the Phoenix area. We have 5 kids and like to take weekend getaways and stay-cations to get some alone and relaxation time... Fairmont Princess is always #1 on our list. We have tried a few other hotel/resorts here and like those as well but our favorite is still the Princess.  We just spent our Father's Day weekend here and it was a really great time! It was the first time we brought all of our kids here and experienced all they had to offer for them.... Which was A LOT!! My kids couldn't get enough of the water slides... They participated in the kid games and contests. (In which 3 of my daughters Won! Two of them one the power ball and one of them won the Dance Contest!) DJ Splash was a blast... And we all enjoyed and danced to the music he was playing. We loved it so much in the first part of the day, that we came back for the techno-glow party in the night. LED Hula Hoops (I participated in this too ;-) lol) smoke machine, flashing colored lights, glow sticks,  live music was a little of what took place that night. IT WAS LIKE A NIGHT CLUB FOR FAMILIES IN THE POOL! OH! And I can't forget about the FIREWORKS that happened at 9pm while DJ Splashed played "firework" by Katy Perry... GREAT MOMENT!! They also had a Dive-In Movie in the South Pool and a taco cart at the same time. They were playing Lorax, so the kids opted out of that for techno night since they've seen it plenty of times. Although we didn't take part in this, I discovered this weekend that they also have babysitting for up to four kids per family, kids camp, and all day activities for the children. The customer service is excellent... I didn't try the spa this time but I have on multiple occasions in the past. I Love the Well & Being Spa... I've had a Massage, manicure, pedicure, bod pod session, and also taken the booty barre class which literally kicked my butt and an aerial yoga class. I've also enjoyed the rest of the amenities that come along with the spa area. (aroma therapy room, hot tub, adult only pool, etc...) I've eaten at Bourbon steakhouse in which I'll do a separate review. It is good, my husband likes it more than me. I would definitely recommend this resort/hotel to families, couples, singles... ANYONE! Hope you enjoy if you stay here as well! @jeisavana
2	We live here year round and one of the spoils (during our oven baked summer season) is that we can enjoy the resorts w/o the crowds of in season.Last night we decided to check out the Bourbon Steak House as my Management Team will be here visiting from NJ this week. Want to show them a few pearls of the Valley.Arrived @5:30 and went in to the Bar as Bourbon is a nice addition to the property. There were about 8 people sitting at the Bar and a few at the tables.  Two bartenders were busy making drinks and must have been in overwhelm as we were not  acknowledged for almost 10 minutes. Not sure how they could have been so engulfed as the restaurant was not yet bust at all!Finally received a drink menu from the female tender as she was not too interested.We like Chardonnay and the only one by the glass was a $24.00 Patz& Hall.  R U serious?  Not any other choices.  This place did not warrant our visit.Departed for the outside bar where several female servers were huddled and enjoying each others company.  Several smokers (including cigars) hanging out and after 5 minutes we left.The couple with me had enough and left the property for the Westin Kierland.I recall Fairmount's La Hacienda from years ago and while it's stroll (110 degrees) outside, I sauntered over.Sat at a high top in the Bar and Tim the Tender was over pretty quickly as this place was filling up.   Many families walking in. He and I discussed the wines by the glass and he was spot on, energetic and interested.Spent the next hour there and Miljan the Manager came over and we discussed the poor experiences we just had on property.He could not have been more professional and caring.  This is a true Team guy and Company Man.Between Tim and Miljan, I feel much better about this local resort and have also now found a scintillating Chilean Chardonnay.Great to know there are people who 'live to work' versus 'working to live'!!
5	I was so impressed with everything the resort had to offer! The hospitality was incredible! The concierge had treats for our dog and stuffed animals for our twin toddlers. Our room was set up with a pet bed, bowls for food and water, and snack for our dog. I love the layout of the room - not your traditional "same old hotel" feel. HUGE soaking tub was perfect for bathing the toddlers (or relaxing during toddlers' nap time!) There was a large child-friendly pool with water slide and park/playground. I also loved all the activities the resort offered. From a disco-esque "glow" party to live music, outdoor evening movies and fireworks on Saturday night - we had an incredible time! Absolutely lovely for families (even those traveling with pets!)
4	Just got back from my 3rd stay in 4 years (missed last year).  I think the key is to go off season (when you are hitting triple digits). The place is pretty quiet if you plan it on an off week/weekend as well. If you can deal with the heat, and there are plenty of areas to sit in the shade, you can really have a nice experience. The rooms are quiet nice and the grounds are very lovely. Great attention to detail and many areas to find some quiet peace. I love they added a Starbucks inside the general gift store. In the am I like to just get a nice latte and while it's a bit pricey compared to other starbucks, its cheaper than going into one of the restaurants for a muffin/cookie and latte. The only thing I thought was the food was quite a bit overpriced for what you get. I was not surprised by this but I thought 60$ for one person to have a steak, side of mashed potato and soda is a bit much.I will be sure to return though -- in the off season again!  I think the rates being so much higher peak season would probably make me judge the place harsher but for my nightly rate I am very pleased.
1	The first Fairmont Hotel I visited was in San Francisco when I'd only been working for a few years. Now that I've traveled the world and stayed in world class hotels like the Kempinski in Berlin and the Okura in Tokyo, my experience this week at the Fairmont in Scottsdale was a big disappointment ... that started before I arrived.Waiting to go through security at Logan airport in Boston, I got a call from my roommate. She was trying to check-in but the hotel wouldn't accept her debit card, even though she'd already paid a deposit for the first night. They told her she'd have to wait until I arrived ... which ended up being more than 8 hours later, after 2 flight delays by Southwest. I offered to call the hotel & give them my credit card - they said no. I then setup an employee credit card with her name, through Chase but they wouldn't let her use that either. It took more than 3 hours & taking her grievance to the event organizer before they let Brenda into our room. Definitely not the way to start a visit.So my 8:30 arrival got delayed and I didn't arrive at the hotel until midnight. I checked in but the man refused to give me directions to my room. He kept emphasizing the resort had 60 acres (why do I care about this?) and I'd get lost so after 3 requests were ignored, I followed the poor kid to my room. Heck, this hotel loves to nickel & dime you to death, and I remembered we would be charged a luggage handling fee which was $12 ... so no tipping here.Honestly, where is the customer service you expect at what's called a luxury hotel? The employees should understand customer service and go out of their way to solve any problem you bring to them. Instead I found that the Fairmont has their rules, and the employees just follow the rules - the one exception are the restaurant folks who couldn't be nicer.The hotel is a bit scammy too with pricing. In addition to $12 for luggage handling (wow, just like the airlines), my bill has a $2 charge each day for maid services ... oh, and my one can of diet Coke cost $5.51 (new record for 12 oz can) as it was too late to pick up supplies on the way from the airport (nice walk to Whole Foods the next evening).So the conference & the people there, were great but you won't ever see me at this or any other Fairmont. In fact we're started to research retirement locations, so I emailed my husband and asked him to find a new, friendlier hotel for our next 3 nights ... so I'm writing this from Tempe Mission Palms.PS Wireless Internet is a joke at the Fairmont too - 2 bars (my phone's hot spot gets 5 bars) and I had to waste 20 minutes getting the router rebooted one night. Wondering why this matters? Can't really watch videos with this access ... and the new hotel Internet is perfect, just like home.
4	Excellent, excellent, service at the Fairmont.  We had a lovely balcony room.  All the amenities for a nice weekend getaway.The Fairmont is an older resort, that is apparent, but still opulent and has a lot to offer.  We decided not to sightsee but rather just soak in the relaxation and sit by the pool.  The pool was clean and service attendants brought us complimentary spa water and was available to take drink food orders.   Even though temps were near the 100s it was so nice by the pool.  There are blooming plants near the pool and the grounds are perfect to take a stroll and view the local birds.The bed was not the most comfortable bed I've slept in at a hotel but decent.  I would definitely go back.
2	My husband just stayed over with our 2 kids for the July 4th weekend. When I originally  made the reservation there was a calender with activities listed that I knew my kids would like. They cancelled the things my kids were looking forward to most because of the fireworks show. It didn't make sense, the calender had the events listed along with the fireworks. The kids were disappointed. The pool was way over crowded. My husband couldn't even find a chair to set their things on. He met many people who weren't staying at the hotel, just friends of others. I've heard this is a problem before, but I was hoping it was an exaggeration, it wasn't. I bought the room at a special early bird rate, ha. With all the extra charges, we could have just went to California, $10.00 for a smoothie,btw.. For two days the bill is almost $700.00, never again, not worth it!
4	My wife and I stayed here for three nights in June, 2014. We had a great time. The pools were not overly crowded and we always were able to find a good spot. The wait staff was friendly and always came by to see if we needed anything. We stayed in one of the cheaper rooms since we found a deal, but the views were still gorgeous. The room was properly kept up and was built in a unique shape so that made it kind of fun. As for food, the Mexican restaurant there is excellent. As with any 5-star resorts, the restaurants are all very expensive but the food lives up to the price. Bourbon Steak was also a really good meal, but the Mexican restaurant is a nice, less casual restaurant that is fitting after a day in the sun. My only knock on the resort is that they don't have CoolDeck by the pools. It is just about impossible to walk with your bare feet in the summer around their pool as it gets so hot. Just taking off our sandals and walking to the edge of the pool was, literally, a pain because of the hot deck. It's bizarre that a resort as nice as the Princess has not made this investment. Overall, we had a great time and will stay again in the future.
1	There was white, crusty stuff on two of the accent pillows on the bed. I threw them on the floor and they were NOT changed even after housekeeping came in the next day.We were charged an extra $80 for a "resort fee" because my boyfriend used the pool once and apparently that costs extra. We were not told about this charge until we were checking out. My boyfriend refused to pay it and they chose to deal with that.Yelled several times at the man knocking on our door to NOT come in. He did anyway. We should have put the "do not disturb" sign up, but we figured no one would bother us since we already had housekeeping. I have no idea who he was or what he was going to do in there.$4 for a bottle of water, $5 for a can of soda, $10 for trail mix, and no fridge to put our own food and drinks in. It's like they wanted us to cave and just take their overpriced junk food, but we didn't bother. I don't trust places that resort to hocking a $5 handful of Pringles to make money. The hyped-up fireworks show we bothered to walk down to lasted a whole minute!On top of that, we were given a room with a view of a parking lot. Awesome. A place that costs about $150 a night shouldn't even have that as an option. We use hotels quite a bit for "staycations" since we like to get away, but we will never go to this place again.
5	Just spent the weekend at The Fairmont and it was perfect! Opted for the "Gold Package" and found it well worth the money. We took our dog and he was welcomed with bones and his own bowls and mat. We ate at La Hacienda which also exceeded my expectations!
4	I have been bringing my family here for several years. Every time we come, we always have a great time! Service is top notch, rooms are big, quality of everything is high. There are a few restaurants to choose from and while they are all expensive, and why wouldn't they be they are at a high-end hotel, they are all very good too. You have to be able to tolerate kids running around and screaming to go to this place. It is not relaxing if screaming brats bothers you. They do have three large pools  and one of them has two waterslides so you can understand why there are so many kids here. We all enjoy coming here and are looking forward to returning again and again.
5	This place is amazing, I took my wife here for her birthday and nothing but good things to say about this place , staff is friendly anything I needed they were there to help use , rooms are spacious food at hotel is a little expensive but there are plenty of restaurants close by so we have options on what to eat, pools are nice never to full. Bars are Kool with great bartenders all in all this place gets 5 stars for me.
5	This resort is very nice. Great for kids. Tons of stuff for the family to do. There are to many to list. During the summer they have a dance party at the pool for all ages. Rooms are clean and spacious, bathrooms are huge. It is a pet friendly resort . I have stayed at many resorts in this area and this one is my favorite. Staff is very friendly.
2	Disappointment.  After staying at the Fairmont in San Francisco, my expectations were high especially a luxury resort that nickles and dimes you to death.  I flew in late afternoon and looked forward to drinks at the pool side.  I arrived to find that the poolside bar closed at 5pm (I was 6 minutes late), however there was another bar just up the way.  Even with a map this property is impossible to navigate.  Anyhow, figured I'd grab some food and drink to go and take it back to the pool.  I sat down at the bar but the woman behind the counter was having too much fun flirting with another co-worker and texting on the phone to sell me a $12 drink. I sat patiently I finally received a poorly prepared cocktail and undercooked burger sliders.  The guy sitting next to me ordered a pizza, which looked horrendous.  He ate one slice and offered me the rest, I passed.  It went downhill from here.  I canceled the rest of my stay and booked a room at the Sanctuary.
3	Luxurious but ImpracticalComplex is very huge - guest parking is only available in one corner of the complex, thus requires walking great lengths to access one's casita.Avoid during monsoon season (August) - entire complex was thoroughly flooded.... not all walkways were covered.Room was small but with high ceiling; fridge had no space for personal items - only for items ready for purchase; no room microwave
5	The princess is a great experience. The customer service is like no other. I don't just recommend the princess I suggest everybody to come experience this at least once in their lifetime.
5	Great hotel! I was there for the Anytime Fitness Annual Conference and the staff was awesome. They really took care of us all so well. The rooms was very nice and the bathroom was actually what I expected. Would love to come back and visit again.
5	Amazing customer service.  Beautiful facility. Fantastic food but pricy. We had about 2100 people and they managed fantastically. The pool is great too. I did not see many children around, but that was appropriate for our event. I would recommend this place.
4	Great resort! They did an excellent job hosting our Anytime Fitness and Waxing the City National Conference. Management could staff a few more people at night to keep up with the large crowd but overall a wonderful time.
1	We arrived to spend a few nights on the first leg of our Honeymoon to relax and rejuvinate using the spa services at the Fairmont Scottsdale Princess.  Arriving here, we were impressed with the grounds and the greeting we received in the driveway however it ended once we walked through the front door.  We made reservations months ago and told them it was our Honeymoon.  They never acknowledged this upon our check-in and certainly not when we were taken to our Casita.  The picture of the Casita on their website is NOTHING like the actual Casita you receive when you get here.  Our Casita was completely devoid of any color, pictures or anything to make it feel warm and inviting.  It was dark and smelled old and musty.  When my wife pulled up the window shades, the windows were filthy and had black mold around the window frames. The sofa was worn and had several tears from obvious years of wear and tear, and there was so much dust in the crevices of the cushions, we didn't even want to sit on it. There was no microwave available for use and the refrigerator was part of the in-room bar service and had an extra fee attached if we attempted to open it.  The only thing decent was the bed---it was comfortable and appeared to be new, but the rest of the Casita appeared as if they just threw in a table with four chairs an old couch and a coffee table.  Seriously, this place was so not worth the $500.00/night we paidWe went to have a little lunch in one of the onsite restaurants and when greeted by the manager, he asked how we were enjoying our stay.  We told him him we were a little disappointed that here we were on our Honeymoon and it wasn't even acknowledged by the hotel.  In his favor, he recognized that and called management to have a bottle of Champagne waiting in our room when we returned from lunch.  That was really nice, until the smoke alarm over the bed began chirping every 20 seconds and it took too long to have it replaced by maintenance.  Our first morning, we thought it would be nice to have breakfast delivered to our room however at a minimum of $26.00 for two eggs, we opted to just order the $20.00 pot of coffee. It took 30 minutes to get the pot delivered to our room which included ONE coffee cup and ONE glass of ice water.  When we asked why there was only one cup on the tray when there were two of us here, room service told us to just use one of the coffee cups in our bathroom.  Are you kidding me???  They also automatically charge a 22% gratuity on top of the price of what you order and taxes, so you have no choice in the matter whether the service was good or not.  We did speak to another guest on our first night who said she had heard they were in the process of renovating their rooms.  We can understand that hotels need to do this once in awhile, but they should not be charging full rates on rooms that are clearly run down and dirty.  We will never return to or recommend this place and will be sure to let our friends know what a disappointment it was to stay here.  And we REALLY resent being ripped off by their ridiculously high priced food and drinks in the restaurants as well.
5	Stayed here over the Fourth of July weekend and although very busy, the staff did a fantastic job of making us feel welcome and special. We stayed in a corner casita that overlooked the pond, very romantic at night. They did forget our champagne that was pre-ordered to be waiting in our room upon arrival (it was meant to be a surprise for me...oops) but they came about half an hour later todeliver this once we called. They gave us a birthday card instead of an anniversary card but we decided to laugh it off. Everything was too wonderful to be upset about something so small. They threw in some chocolate covered strawberries too which was a nice touch! ;) There was entertainment each night we were there, an Independence Day air show in the early evening, live music, and fireworks later in the night. The restaurants on property are great too. (I gave Bourbon Steak a separate review on yelp.) We loved the pool (minus all the screaming kiddos) and the drinks and food. We think her name was Vivian, the girl who served us at the pool area...she was very attentive and just great to us! We bumped into her working a separate bar area later that night and she was just as energetic and prompt. We really, really appreciated the wonderful service from ALL of the staff members but especially that from Vivian. Thank you, Fairmont Princess for a magical weekend staycation! We plan to come back! :-)
3	I'm torn on this one.  Great service from check-in to pool-side but I'm iffy on the property.  This place is huge! Self parking is 75 miles out of the way - ok, I am exaggerating but you get the point.  The elevator sounds like it is going to give out at each floor with a huge clunking noise.  The AC in the room is good but whenever it goes on or off there is a loud clunking noise...maybe it is tied to the elevator!  Either way, it sucks at 3am when it kicks on/off. The worst part for me are the ceramic tiles around the property or specifically outside of the rooms - you continuously hear luggage, house keeping, maintenance - whatever, clicking over each tile.  This combined with the noise from the AC each night doesn't make it a restful sleep.
5	Great place to stay for a weekend, quality food and service. Food is excellent and a gym is located on the property.
4	"Wonderful but noisy"Just spent 4 fantastic days at the Fairmont Scottsdale and loved the place and people but it was noisy due to the "click-click-CLACK" of travel and service carts rolling over the terracotta tile floors 24/7.I travelled with 4 other people who complained of the same noise, so I doubt there are rooms that escape the disturbance.  If the hotel laid down a strip of carpet on the tile floors it would go a long way towards a quieter stay.Also be aware that when you check in a charge of $12 is tacked on to your bill for a bellman to bring your bags to your room.  Seems a little excessive, especially since travelers are accustomed to tipping for this service. Some of the bellman mentioned that they have already been paid, others do not.My other suggestion to the Fairmont is to bring their rooms into the connected (and electricity-dependent) world.  I travel with my iPhone, IPad and laptop and all need to be charged at night.  There are no outlets by the bedside table or at the work desk.
4	We only stayed here for 1 night and I totally wish it was a little longer.  There's a lot to take advantage of on the property and one night was not enough time to do/see anything!The room was gorgeous and quite large, with a beautiful bathroom. We had a view of the main pool (there are 3) right outside our door and it was huge!  Unfortunately, we didn't get a chance to go in it because we ended up meeting family for dinner and got back to our room pretty late.I loved the fire pits that were roaring all night throughout the grounds of the hotel.  (even though it was 92 degrees even at midnight)Our check in took a little too long and the bell hop stayed a little too long in our room giving us all these great tips on things to do at the property -only say too long because we had about 30 minutes to settle in to our room /freshen up before meeting family for dinner after a long day of flying.  Both loved and hated how 4 people jumped to served you when getting our car from the valet.  had no clue who to tip! haha.  They gave us ice cold bottles of water when we checked out and got our car that morning. Definitely a nice touch since you are in the desert in the summer and could break down at any moment.
2	I was very excited to stay here as the pictures online looked beautiful! I am sorry to report I would never visit again or recommend it to anyone. Upon arriving after 12+ hrs of travel, we were given incorrect directions to our room (after being told how big the property was so we'd never find it and should allow a bellhop to take us). After noisily dragging our luggage around for 20 minutes we went back to reask and were given completely different directions with attitude as if we weren't intelligent enough to locate the room. Our "balcony" room was on the first floor and the only "view" were large bushes that blocked everything. The outlets on the end table next to the bed did not work, the bedside lamp was out and the alarm clock was dead. Upon calling the front desk the light was fixed, but the alarm clock was taken out never to be returned. There are only so many times you can call to complain. There was a dead roach looking insect in our room for the duration of our stay (3 nights) that was never removed. I sat at the pool for literally 8 hrs straight and was not asked ONCE if I wanted food or drink. At about 9pm all the restaurants seemed closed or empty except for the bar. We tried to go to dinner at the grill located on the golf course only to be told it was closed for reservations, something not mentioned when we booked. When we asked for a map of the property, which we were not given at arrival, we were met with attitude as we were every time we asked a question. Even the coffee shop had absurd prices ($5 for a bottle of soda). Upon booking we were informed the $29/day resort fee included internet which it did NOT. We then were told we needed to pay an additional $15/day for this service. Again rudely. We felt invisible on this trip and not at all like valued guests. Certainly not worth the money and not what we expected from a five star hotel.
5	My company is hosting our annual business conference at this property next May.  I had the most tremendous experience with the National Sales Manager, Ryan Kirby.  I have been in charge of planning this event for my company for 4 years now and cannot even explain how different this process has been thus far for me.  Usually I inquire about getting a proposal and basically what I receive in a day or two is your generic proposal with the basics - your conference space, the price on the rooms, food and beverages...and it comes with a generic email.  This experience with Ryan was so much more.  Not only did he respond quicker than any other resort I looked into (5 others to be exact), but he put together TWO presentations for me.  The first one was more general just showing me the property and all it has to offer, but when we narrowed down what my particular group is looking for, he revised the presentation and personalized it.  He was available at all times to answer questions...in fact he responded to an email on his way to work.  I hope he was stopped at a red light! :)Anyway, I have not actually been to the resort obviously, but so far I feel beyond confident this is going to be a smooth and enjoyable process...both with the planning and when we are there enjoying our stay.   This is very important to me as when being in charge of all the planning, it can be extremely stressful.  My most recent experience wasn't what I had hoped...a lot of things went wrong on site so I am hoping this is a sign I won't be anxious the entire time I am working this conference!!!  Thank you Ryan Kirby!!
4	I was here for our company's conference in August 2014.  I had never been to Scottsdale before and I loved it!  my room was clean and very homey and the fact there was a Keurig coffee maker in  the room was a pleasant bonus. the place is huge...and I got lost a couple times while I was there.  a few colleagues and I had water slide races in one of two pools we hung out at.  It was clean we to a lot of things, and it was easy to get around.  I can't wait to stay here again if the company does this again.  **if you are going there in the summer, be sure you bring sunscreen...I forgot to bring some and got really burnt. the service was also top notch.
1	You have got to be kidding me. Seriously. I get an event invite on my Yelp app for the Christmas at the Princess. Just to make I wasn't reading it wrong, I decided to go with my gf to see if it was true and it was.  Let me say that since the Princess is a resort, you can't simply walk there so here comes my first issue. The parking is 30 dollars!!!! 40 for valet! Then if you do decide to look at lights, something you can do ANYWHERE.  Glendale, Phoenix Zoo, even Kierland if you're really lazy, it doesn't cost money; everything else costs money. 15 per person for ice skating plus 5 for rentals so it's really 20 per person.  So before you really do anything, JUST for a couple to go, it's 70 dollars.  ROFLMAO! Apparently there are a lot of people doing a lot better in this world than me.  Could you imagine if I drank? No thank you.  Good luck Princess.
4	Great property, great service, nice rooms. The rest is all about raping the guests with heavy charges for everything. Parking, food, resort fees, ad nauseum. Will no go back.
5	The holidays here are amazing. Nightly tree lights synced w music, Christmas carolers, ice skating with roasted s'mores, the train, the millions of lights around the lake, the lighted palm trees...it's stunning. We stayed in a casita and enjoyed the amenities - the private pool, etc. but the SPA is the magical place to be! I wrote about that in a separate review with some tips.   Service was exceptional throughout the entire stay, and our interactions with Izumi at the main desk were especially pleasant. He was so well informed about the property and made numerous suggestions that enhanced our stay. He's a huge reason that we'll be back again next year!   The staff in the Ironwood restaurant greeted us by name each morning, and overall it such a wonderful trip...just magical in every way.
1	this is just for parking...the resort is gorgeous but they charge $30 for parking for the holiday ice skating....that is absolutely ridiculous when you are spending so much there anyways. PARK ELSEWHERE. We are locals and like to go during the holidays for drinks and ice skating and parking was $5 last year. Rip off. Not to mention ice skating was full so we paid $30 for nothing.
5	Wow!! What an amazing set up they have here for Christmas. It's nice that us Arizonans can get a little taste of the holiday when it's still a nice 70 degrees.  Complete with Beautiful lights, decorated trees, and believe it or not an ice rink! Really brings out the kid in you. Take a walk around with a cup of steaming hot chocolate and check out the "Christmas at the Princess"
3	Exceptional property, poor service.  I do love this property and I come regularly, but I'm always amazed at how bad the service is.  I often get a Casita or Fairmont Gold room and am always shocked that it takes me 1/2 hour to 40 minutes to check in.  Check out is a joke.  This time I tried to check out on TV, which was broken...so I called the front desk to ask if they could have a receipt ready for me, but the operator said they front desk was "too busy" to take my call.  I explained I was just trying to check out and the TV option was broken and if I couldn't talk to the front desk, how do I get a receipt.  They offered to put me through to technical support to try and fix the TV.  I explained that I was not interested in working to solve their issues, i just needed to check out and catch a flight.  The lady actually yelled at me "well, everyone else wants to check out too right now so you'll just have to go to the front desk and wait in line".  There were 30 people in line to checkout at the front and 2 people working.  Crazy bad service.       So that was last week and I came back this week, only to wait in a line of 12 for one person checking people in.  There was another person standing there and so I asked him..."are you busy?  Can you check some people in?", to which he replied he was just leaving for a break.  So, again, we all stood there scratching our heads at the bad service.      Since I was only checking in "quickly", I asked Valet to just hold my car up as I'd drive over to the Casita.  With the long checkin time, when I came out, they had parked it.  Then the guy tried to tell me i need to pay $40 for Valet because I was there longer than 15 minutes.  We argued and I won and after 15 minutes, I did get my car back.  He now gave me the pissed off attitude as i went to get in my car.     Let's see, I'm paying $700/night, waited in line for almost 40 minutes to check in, you took my car when I asked you not to, I had to wait an additional 15 minutes for you to go get it...and I'm the bad guy.       Like I said, the property is gorgeous...the service and attitude of the staff is just bad.  I'll be back with another couple in January and hope to avoid any contact with the staff.
5	Wonderful rooms and great service - and talk about set up for Christmas, wow! Come up here and see the lights on the tall Christmas tree and nearby large palms synced to the Christmas music while you sip on a favorite cocktail - such as the old fashioned - they do a great one here - in short, a nice adult version of zoo lights.:-)
1	30 dollars for self park, 40 for valet. What a rippoff for christmas. Service at outside bar sucked also. The princess that stole christmas.
5	We came here for the Christmas festivities  and more specifically to take my niece and nephew ice skating.  They has never been ice skating before and drove 3 hours for the trip. We had been planning this trip for over a month. We called twice the day we were going  (today) to get the details  down. When we arrived we were  told the last skate session was sold out and we could not get in without wristbands . No one had previously  mentioned these wristbands to us. We explained the situation to manager Jennifer Shin and she was able to  give us wristband and get us in in the VIP line. This was the nicest act of kindness I have ever experienced  at an establishment and above and beyond customer service. This made my niece and nephews nigjt as well as that of my fiancee and I.Give Jennifer Shin a raise and a promotion. She is a rock star!
4	Enjoyed Christmas at the Princess!I've been to the FSP for conferences in the past at it has been great. Excellent food, enjoyabe patio dining with good service, and some views of a beautiful golf course.Just stopped in for Christmas at the Princess and our daughters had a hoot! Carolers were cool and the holiday lighting was pretty throughout the resort. The shops had Christmas fare. The fire pits made for a fun 40 minutes of warming up while cooking s'mores. Ice skating was neat to watch, though our girls weren't feeling up to trying it. And the walk around the lagoon was nice family time.We did try to take the "train". The line was super long (1+ hours) and our girls lost interest after seeing it. We took the same route as the train on foot (around the lagoon) and then hit the light show area.Excellent choice for a visit, though not unique enough to merit making a tradition out of it. That said, we may look at staying there for Christmas next year. It would make for a memorable experience...
4	Great time ice skating and seeing the lights at Christmas. The Hacienda was good and the Spanish Coffee show was amazing. Check it out. Parking is steep if you don't eat.
5	A quality resort to spend a vacation with your family and friends for a lifelong experience to remember.several pools and resturants to choose from. Family friendly
3	The Fairmont Princess is a decent place to stay.  It's not a great value though.  The rooms are average for a hotel in this price range and the service is fair.  We are local and we often go for holidays or special occasions.  The staff is ok, but you can really tell they all aren't the same page.  The hallway of floor 3 building B smells like feces.  The hallways in general have a really worn feel to them.  The restaurants are the biggest disappointment.  Food is below average in the price range and service on holidays is poor.  It puzzles me that they always seem surprised by the magnitude of the business they receive for these events.  It's as if each holiday is the first time they have ever put it on.  Overall I can't say I recommend this hotel.  I would rather stay the Sanctuary on Camelback or the Four Seasons.
2	I'll give it 2 Stars for the lights and Christmas tree, otherwise it would be less. To our fault, we did not do enough research prior to coming so we really didn't know what we were getting into. $30 for the "self" park option set the tone. This is a Christmas experience to pay for, not to be enjoyed at your own leisure. Tried to make our way through the maze of a complex to find restaurant options only to be told at each you would need reservations. Gave our three year old a cookie and waited an hour to ride the "free" train only to say we did something. The lights and Christmas tree viewing was pleasant, but back in Colorado this is usually a free experience. Strange that an expensive outing felt like they have cheapened the Christmas season.
5	My girlfriends and I have agreed that this is by far our favorite resort to spend a spa day at.  I love enjoying ALL the amenities.  I get there bright and early.  I have my hubby in charge of putting the kids on the bus and I head to the spa.  I like to start in the fitness center.  After I finished my little session, I was able to take the surf set class.  It was so cool.  I will try to post the picture the instructor took.  I had seen the surf set boards being promoted on shark tank.  We then head to the pool area to relax, and have lunch.  There is nothing more fun than a bunch of friends hanging out by the pool.  The facility is beautiful.  I usually get a facial, and my choice is always to take the last one of the day, since I don't want to get in the pool after that.  My girlfriends are finally getting why I choose late appointments.  Makes total sense.  If it is a massage it really doesn't matter.  We still have one move visit planned for this resort for next month.  Can't wait to go back.
