4	Half-Price Books is a wonderful little bookstore in this large shopping area in Mesa. It's right near good places like Best Buy and Fuddrucker's. I have found that Half-Price is my favorite used bookstore when I've got certain titles in mind. Their selection is quite large for the space it occupies and their sale areas are a great place to find books.I've done a few trade-ins at Half-Price, and found them to be pretty stingy with the amount you get for your books. I like to take items to Bookman's first. Bookman's won't take everything but they will give a fair price. Whatever is left, I take to Half-Price, because they will take the entire box, but they don't pay much. They have a calendar every year, which you can get free during the beginning of the year with (I believe) a $30 purchase. The calendar comes with coupons spread out over the remainder of the year. They also have a teacher's discount, which my husband was able to get. They occasionally say this discount includes libraries, but when I asked the staff member said that inclusion had been discontinued. Oh well - my husband's discount is very nice, anyway.
4	I have to agree with Megan S. as this is one of those rare gems for those who actually are not glued to a television 12 hours a day. This place is a treasure chest of everything from collectible comic books, to rare LP's and hard to find books. I go here at least once a week to checkout their clearance section and have always found a rare gem to add to my collection.  For those who need the over thought conformity of say a Borders or don 't mind tapping into their 401k to pay for that new James Patterson novel at Barnes and Nobel, this place is not for you. There is no trendy little cafe (who needs hot coffee anyways? It is over 100 degrees outside). This is the type of place that reminds you of going to a yard sale and you notice a rare 1st edition of say Harry Potter. The only real downside has to be the music that they play over the speaker system and the low payout they offer for used books and DVD 's. I brought in over 100 DVD 's and they only offered me 37 dollars (yeah right) so I have to say unless you are just trying to get rid of that wal-mart bargain bin movie you got for x-mas do not bother trading in anything. But if you are like me and enjoy saving money be sure to check this place out.
4	I love this place. I just wish they had this chain in DC. Half-Price Books is my go-to used bookstore when I want to find a bestseller for cheap or just find any good reads. I usually have to restrain myself from walking out with piles full of books. The selection of books is amazing and doesn't have that "creepy library" feel some used bookstores have. The only real drawback is that they tend to be fairly stingy with trade-ins. I wouldn't exactly come here with the intent of making a killing off a trade-in. I think I got $30 once and had several bestsellers in the pile of books I was selling.
1	I can sum it up in 4 words ... It Smells Like SmokeThe whole place has a bad odor that hits you the minute you step inside and hangs on your clothing and in your lungs as you leave. Not the pleasant smell of clove or cigar, but the acrid odor of a stained nicotine hand chain smoker. Even if I found a book I liked (I did) I would be afraid to buy it and bring it into my car and home as the smell would be carried with it.I shop other recycled book stores like Book Gallery and Changing Hands and neither have this smell. They must have sellers past a "smell test" before they buy the books or have some decontamination chamber before the books are shelved. Needless to say the memory and smell of Half Price Books haunts me to this day and I won't be going back.
4	Great way to get rid of the old and get some new books to read. They don't give you much for the ones you trade in but when you only pay $3 and $4 for books, it is an easy way to trade. Huge selection, always spend way too much time and money here!
2	I used to shop there frequently. I usually found what I needed. The prices were competitive and the employees were helpful. Lately however (probably 4 visits in the last year) I have left annoyed by the service. The employees are rude and unfriendly. I will try again in another year or so and allow turnover to, hopefully, bring in some friendly and courteous employees.
5	I loved the bargain rack, I got every Michael Crichton and Dean Koontz book for a dollar each.  They also comic books and records and a lot of books that you might not find at Barnes and Nobles or Borders.
4	If your looking for a good read this is the place.  If you looking for some interesting outdated prints, this is the place.  I've found great books and paid...yup, half the price.  I've found some awesome deals on REALLY old comics for my husband and have even found a few valuable records and cook books.  I LOVE THIS STORE! If you spend more than 30$ they give you a calendar with some great coupons too!
4	Half Price Books is a thrift store and gift shop rolled into one. If you ever needed a birthday or Christmas idea, they have so many things in the front that are interesting and different, not always books, but novelty items. The staff is friendly. I hope to have my new poetry book in their stores. It's a discount bookstore, like Bookman's but with a cleaner look to it. They also have a good selection of music. It's quiet. I gave it four stars only because the only thing it's missing is a coffee shop, like Tempe Library or Bookman's on Country Club.
5	What I love-the people who work here are passionate and know their books, they actually read what they sell-well kept books that are in great condition sold here-they not only have good prices but you can get books for $2 when they are on sale-ample parking and great hours- I am supporting a local store instead of a website
4	update: I went back to Half Price Books in July 2012 and found it no longer smelled like smoke. This may be due to the air conditioning running non-stop in summer whereas before when I visited in March the a/c was minimal. I had more chance to look around ... many interesting books, but many interesting book are not there. So I wasn't totally enchanted. The trade policy states cash only, so you don't get to trade a used book for half of it's expected selling price like at Changing Hands.
4	I have been to this location a couple times and have always found really good deals on what I was looking for. This last time I actually sold some books and the process was so easy!!  I have found that the people that work there actually know about books and the authors!  Amazing!  Imagine that!  A bookstore where the people know about books!  How refreshing!  I'll be back!
4	I was blown away at the sheer NUMBER of books and magazines. Then when I looked at the prices- that was even better. There were books I found that were brand new and had no markings or tears, and they were still at half-price! Not to mention, if you're nerdy like me it has the 'old book' smell throughout the store. Reminds me of a rainy day in the library. My only complaint is the grumpy employees.. I get it- your job might be boring, but at least smile and return the "hello". As for their product knowledge, where everything is located, etc... I cannot complain. I will be back again and again. Let's just say books are an addiction of mine, and I don't want help quitting.
4	I first stumbled into Half Price Books Records Magazines not knowing what kind of business it was. Sure, I read the sign, but the name is pretty vague and leaves a lot of questions unanswered. What do they sell exactly? And how are their prices compared to, say, suggested retail? Impossible to tell. I had to venture in. Unexpectedly, I found that it was an excellent used bookstore (not a silk flower seller, as I had thought).With the Bookman's juggernaut several miles away, Half Price scratches the same itch for hunting through shelves and shelves of used books looking for that gem. Personally, I love combing through row after row, looking at spines and reading back covers. And there is plenty at Half Price to pour over. They have an excellent selection of fiction and its sub-genres, and a decent enough selection in non-fiction categories like cooking, history, or gaming. You may not find everything you've been looking for, but on the other hand, you may come away with some new find that you hadn't even known you were looking for. The music and movie selections are relatively lousy, offering mostly out-dated mainstream fare. And in this digital world, half price on that stuff is less impressive. My advice is to stick with the books. The prices are decent, and the selection wonderful. The only real downside is that there is no place to really hang out and read, have coffee, or chat. Those things are a pretty big draw for me, so it's a bit disappointing that I have to just buy my book and go home.
4	If youve never been to a Half Price books, youre missing out.Be prepared to spend at least an hour here....They have a great selection of used DVDs and CDs. There are even some cassette tapes around if you look hard enough. I love going here for TV series. Rescue Me and Lost for $9.99 each??? Yes please.They have a fabulous selection of books, both hardcover and paperback. Their sections are clearly marked, so its easy to know where to start. And their prices are awesome. They also have a collection of 1st editions just past the counter and media. Their clearence section is pretty awesome too. Its located all the way at the back of the store to the right.This is the perfect place to find a gift for the bookworm in your life.
4	I go here all the time.  I like buying random books though.  Plus they are half price and they have a clearance section on top that.  They also have cool little knick knack gadget stuff, which is always fun!I don't find the staff to be particularly helpful but I'm able to find stuff on my own so it's not a big deal!
2	Service has changed at this store over the years, good luck checking out in any reasonable length of time.  Be sure the charges are correct too, while you are at it.When shopping here, the system is clearly designed to keep you in the store longer.  It is more difficult than necessary to find a specific book, as subject matter is spread over several small sections in various aisles rather than in one place.  I get the idea of wanting people to linger, but it is so chaotic to find anything that, in my case, it has the opposite effect.  There are a lot of books though, will give you that.Their buy program is worse than any of the other bookstores.  Less than 5 percent of their half price resale, not the original price.  Insulting.  Worst offers include a $40 brand new release hardbound for 50 cents, hardbound new release still in the plastic for 75 cents, and so on.  Save your books and sell at a garage sale, seriously!  I've been a frequent shopper at bookstores in many cities, this one scores at the bottom for overall experience.  Any mom and pop is better.
4	Great selection of books for everyone in the family. Decent prices, but a little to high for certain books at times. They do have email offers however, and a calendar with coupons in it you can either purchase, or get free with a certain amount of purchase. It's always pretty warm in there, so I'm usually ready to go quickly. The staff for the most part are friendly, but one woman is just way too loud, even talks to herself when she's alone putting books away. Not something I want to hear in a quiet environment. Other than that, a cool place to hang out after dinner, a movie, or just to bring your dog to visit in the Fall.
1	I am only giving this place a one star rating because I have to give something. I would actually give this place zero stars. One time I went in there to sell some books. A library book accidentally got placed in the pile of books to sell. I did not realize it and neither did the employee until later that night. Instead of calling me, the bookstore called the library and told them I was trying to sell their books. The library actually tried to press charges on me for this. I did not know that anything was even going on until a police officer showed up at my door and inquired about the incident. I told him I had no idea there was a problem because the bookstore never called me.  I went up to the bookstore to clear it up and to let them know it was just a mistake. I never meant to try and sell a library book. The manager of the bookstore, I think her name was Denise ( a skinny redhead) came up to me and asked me to sign a paper. When I asked her what it was, she told me that it was a form that explained if I ever came back on the bookstores property, I would be arrested for trespassing....WHAT?? It was an innocent mistake. I would never try and sell books that were not mine. I also am banned from the library because they apparently believed the story that the bookstore told them. I tried to talk with the head librarian and she wanted to know why it took me so long to come see her if it was all an accident. I tried to explain to her that the bookstore never called me to inform me of the mix up. I did not know about it for weeks afterwards when a police officer came to my house. If you are going to sell books to this store, please check and double check that the books are yours to sell. This place apparently believes accidents to do not happen. I have warned all my friends and family about this place and nobody I know will shop there again.
1	If you value your time do not sell your books to this location, go to Bookmans on Country Club. I waited over an hour and a half as the buyers lost my place in queue and served other sellers out of turn. The buyers welcomed interruptions fielding general customer service questions and phone calls making me think that buying books was an afterthought. The buyers should have served customers in order and set the expectation on how long the wait was.
4	There are only a few used bookstores left on the planet. I'm not sure how long Half Price will be able to hang on, as we enter the eBook era. However, they're worth visiting if you still want to have paper on your shelves. Friendly staff and a good selection make it a fun experience. They also have a decent size kids section, that my daughter enjoys hanging out in.
4	You never know what you'll find here. Retro comics, clever stationery, and cookbooks are usually the treasures I stumble upon at great prices.
5	This store has been easy to sell books at. They have a pretty good selections of books as well. The employees seem later back and easy going for the most part.
3	I always enjoy going here.Since the books are nearly always used, they are nearly all inexpensive.  The variety is wide, the store well organized.You won't get far if you ask about a particular title, since they don't have every book in a computer.  The fun is in browsing, and just seeing what you will find.As some people have said, when you sell to them you may not get a ton of money. I don't expect to, since many of the books are not "current" and may be on the shelf for a long time.  It's still better than a donation if you want a couple bucks. (Nothing against donations--I do that all the time at things like Goodwill, etc.)
5	Great prices !! Got 4 books for $20 . My old bookstore would cost so much more. Love love !
3	This is a great store for finding books and records however.DO not sell books or items here!!!!! they will bend you over period!i took in about 40 dvds 21 of them were UN-OPENED plus a few ps2 games and about 20 books including full series and popular booksafter waiting about an hour and 1/2 in a sweltering store ... (yea thats right they had little or no AC going in July!!!!! you sweat while sitting still in there) they called us up with an offer  of 12.00???? 12 bucks i thought the guy was kidding because there was at least 20.00 worth of un-opened dvds  and thats being low at 1.00 apiece do the math! about 60 items at 12.00 thats about .20 cents an item which in turn they will sell for more than 1.00 per itemi just walked out  great for finding books but NEVER take anything in to sell
1	RUDE! I dropped off some textbooks, gave them my number, and left to run errands. I got lectured by a young girl with blonde hair and glasses that I was not ALLOWED to leave the store. Excuse me? She said I was gone for HOURS. I was gone an hour. Deal with it.  These people need to learn some customer service skills!!!!!   I actually was the manager of a book store a few years ago. I would never dream of speaking to customers that way!!!! I will not be back.
4	This location is bigger than the PV one.  Good selection, helpful staff.  Really nice selection of journals and calendars.
4	I have been here a few times now.... And really a bang for your buck! The customer service is very good also which makes it a friendly place to be! You may not find every book you are on a search for but there's enough! Don't forget to join their email club!!The only thing this place is missing is a coffee shop:(. And a few couches..
