4	this cart is either found on library mall or on the capitol square for the farmer's market. I don't know where they're hiding the rest of the time. look for the all-red food cart. GREAT breakfast food! the farmer's crepe (i think that's what it's called) is a corn-based crepe with breakfast-burrito ingredients inside, fresh salsa and avocado and everything! savory ingredients with a slightly sweet crepe = yummy combo. i think everything here is home-made. including awesome biscuits, which they do breakfast sandwiches on, with a superb horseradish sauce. little bit messy and drippy, but sooo worth it!
5	Look for that cart at the corner of state street during farmer's market.  This place was rated as one of the top 10 best food carts in the country.  For good reason too, amazing breakfast!  Ingrid buys the best ingredients from around Madison and the farmers market and makes world class street food from her cart.  I love the breakfast sandwiches but when I'm out of town I find myself sometimes thinking about that apple crisp she makes.
5	Yay!  I went to high school with Ingrid, and had the pleasure of finding out that she and her younger sister were running this food cart one Saturday at the farmer's market.I've had the banana nutella crepes several times (which were really tasty).  It was really inexpensive and filling too!    I kind of want to try the whole menu all at once because it all looks so delicious!I'd honestly say this is one of my 3 favorite breakfasts in town.
5	Delicious. Stopped here for breakfast at the Farmer's Market, while everyone else was noshing on fried pastries. I just wanted something fresh and savory...and boy did I get it!I ordered a crepe with eggs, asparagus, tomato and cheddar...and was blown away by how good it was! It was a bit pricey for morning fare, but it was a HUGE meal, so I knew I wouldn't be needing a lunch. You could totally split one of these, if you could somehow manage that and not make a mess walking around the square.A must try!
5	I stopped by during the farmers market and had their biscuit stuffed with eggs mixed with cheese, asparagus and green onions. It was DELICIOUS!
5	My all-time favorite food cart at the Dane County Farmer's Market.I vended at the market for a number of years, and Ingrid's egg and meat-stuffed crepes (or her oatmeal) were staples for me on those chilly Saturday mornings.The crepes aren't super-cheap, but they're large enough to serve as two meals.They come in both savory versions (stuffed with eggs and your choice of meats and/or veggies) or sweet (different fruit & spice combos, which change seasonally, and are often topped in fresh-whipped cream.)
