5	I have been buying frozen yogurt for several decades--since TCBY stood for "This Can't Be Yogurt" (named for the fact that nobody had ever thought about turning yogurt into an ice cream-type product and most folks thought yogurt was yucky). So, I have some perspective when I say that the Peachwave Frozen Yogurt shop at Carmel and Hwy 51 is the best frozen yogurt place I have ever found.The yogurt has great taste and texture, the toppings are fresh, appealing, and well-chosen, and the place is clean, bright, and attractive. On top of all that, the owner is present, efficient, and personable, and he remembers his customers and their preferences.I have to exercise great self-control not to go to Peachwave every day, but I manage to keep it down to a couple of times a week.
5	Peach Wave is a great frozen yogurt place!  The 8 changing flavors of yogurt are the most smooth and creamy of all that I have tasted. Don't miss the Lemon and the Plain Tart!  Both are delicious.  And the fresh fruit toppings are perfect. The staff are pleasant and helpful and the location can't be beat. This is one froyo joint you dot want to miss!
5	Love going to Peachwave! Yogurt is delicious and lots of toppings! Customer service is great. I love going and trying all the different favors!
1	Terrible experience!  Only about 8 flavors of yogurt and they tasted very artificially flavored.  Also, the kid running the counter refused my husband's Dealsaver coupon.  Our coupon says it expires in 5 years but the Dealsaver site says it expires May 20 so it was just WASTED money.  Big Scam of a pace and there are so many great yogurt places out there. (Yoforia)  The guy running the shop was VERY rude.  Never again.  If no stars was an option...
5	I never write Yelp reviews but we had such a lovely experience at Peachwave today that I felt compelled to offer props to this place. I am very picky about my frozen yogurt (if I'm going to 'spend' the calories, it better be good). The plain & tart frozen yogurt had good tang and was super firm. Most other yogurt places the plain or Greek yogurt has no tang and melts too quickly, but the opposite is true at Peachwave. My daughter had the peach and it was peachy and not too sweet. The fruit toppings were all fresh fruit, no added sauces or sugar either. They had candy toppings as well. The owner was in the store and he was so friendly and chatted with both my daughter and I about the weather and her soccer game. The only recommendation I would give to him is to add some chopped nuts and granola to his toppings bar. A very nice place run by a kind and happy man. What more could you want?
1	This business is closed and the location has a for lease sign in the window as of 12/30/13.  Someone PLEASE open up a dive bar here.  Spanky you listening?  Yellow  Rose #3 please?
