3	This place makes me fear for the life of the Asian Corners Mall.Is it brightly lit? Organized? Laaaarge? Kinda stinky, but could be worse? Yup yup yup and yup. You get that whole big box supermarket experience (much like Super H Mart in ATL) which can be comforting, if you're a health rating nut. Looked more Korean-friendly than any other store in town to my somewhat-trained eyes - lots of prepared foods covered in Korean lettering, multiple BBQ sauces, neat.The Indian selection is small and so is the middle eastern isle, but the basics are there. Whereas my fav store in Asian Corners has at least two brands of every staple they stock, not so at Super G. But, yay, some new things for me: powdered honey! organic brown rice from abroad! Korean BBQ grills! Awesome! Prices seemed average on non-native produce, a little high on Thai curry pastes and sauces, and lower than average on rice, for what it's worth.Not a lot of that veg-junk food stuff I often seek out - but they had tons of potstickers, steamed buns, and even some veg entrees (mostly Indian) in their huuuge freezer section. I agree with Annie - they need a little time to settle in. If they get a food court going in here, well, I'll be here weekly, at least.
3	Super G Market, located in the former Bi-Lo on Independence Blvd, is mecca for Asian, Hispanic and Middle Eastern foods  52,000 sq ft of exotic foods to be exact.  I had fun on two "excursions" to this store, though I didn't find many things I was interested in.  They definitely take a Big Lots approach to stocking goods, let me explain why:I visited the first day they opened and it was, well, chaotic. I'm not crazy about Asian foods, so I felt somewhat out of place.  But-if you want a superb selection of fresh seafood, this your place.  Or 50 lb. bags of rice.  It's all here.  They even have 2 aisles of frozen Asian goodies.  The produce section alone worth returning for.  Though no particular order to this section, there were 5 types of lettuce, very fresh!  Interesting fruit selection, though not as good as Compare Foods.  For example, I found "oritos", those tiny golden bananas, but not regular-sized ones. Plus, they have an aisle of Asian trinkets and housewares.  Cheap bowls, saucers, and cups.  And bidets. Didn't think I'd ever see those for sale in a grocery store!  If you like preparing Asian dishes, Super G is your place. Definitely not a place to find American staples.
5	First of all anything called Super G, love it already.  I was coming home from the beach on 74 and did the quick, skerrrrrrrt in the parking lot on two wheels to check things out.OMG!  There are aisles and aisles of ethnic items.  I mean serious business.  It's the largest Indian food aisle of spices I have ever seen.  It had the typical asian market covered and the latin Goya products, chips and canned goods.  Plenty of fresh produce.  Ten limes for .99 cents. Three lemons for a dollar.  Just like back in the day.The most interesting section was the frozen ice cream, yummy mango popsicles, red bean ice cream and other things that I did not know what they were but they were in nice packaging!!  Yay, Super G!  G Money. G whiz.  G Force. Gee, your hair smells terrific.
4	A superb and clean selection of international foods.  The one stop shop to satisfy my Mexican cooking needs and David X's Chinese tastes.  That obscure chili sauce his mom always uses?  What about pitayas? - a tall order, from a girl who's family hails from Techaluta de Montenegro aka Pitaya Central.  Yup, they've got it, no disappointments.  The more exotic items seemed to have more uh, exotic pricing, but the everyday stuff - limes, tofu, milk - was very reasonably priced.  Check it out!
4	Okay this place is pimp. It's clean, fairly organized and the employees actually speak some English! Not only do they speak English, they are seriously helpful. When I asked a guy stocking shelves for whole, unsalted, al dente cooked peanuts - not the planters kind, he didn't just tell me where they were, he walked me over to the aisle! They stock a good variety of veggie staples and exotic veggies - although sometimes not the freshest. Three different kinds of cucumbers?? Wow. When we get to the meats, not only is it cheap, but they offer a wide range of pre sliced cuts; rib eye, lamb, brisket and others! Most local grocery stores don't even carry brisket! On top of meats, you will find seafood, live crabs and even shrimp you can bag yourself! Awesome store when you need those exotic spices or just cheap meats!
4	Love a store where it's all under one roof!  Whether you're going Latin, Asian, or Caribbean, Super G will hook you up. On a pre-Thanksgiving shopping trip, I was able to pick up the requisite parsley, sage, rosemary, and thyme plus some fresh garbanzos (not dried but green and had to be shelled) and hitomebore, an American grown cultivar of a premium Japanese rice that I expect to find at the Safeway a few years from now.  I would have loved to have roamed every aisle, but we were on mission that day.  You can expect to see an abundance of unfamiliar produce and aisles of packaged goods labeled in English and at least one other language. To me, that is exactly what makes this supermarket so appealing. You know it's the real deal just from the people you see and the languages you hear being spoken. Whole Foods shoppers might want to check their attitudes at the door.
4	This is a really cool place. It's different from Compare product wise. You can get really affordable food from all types of different places (some even have the legitimate labels in a different language, it's very cool!) On top of the great food selection, the knick knacks and kitchen supplies are plentiful and surprisingly unique. So far, it appears to be clean and organized. Definitely a better choice than Compare.
3	Super G is a sprawling expanse of aisles packed with all things Asian and Latin, with a sprinkling of eastern european.  It's impressive in a way, but it also has a bit of a disorganization problem.If you're looking for something obscure, chances are they have it, but you might have to search for a while.  I was able to find szechuan peppercorns, but for some reason they were in the Thai spice section.I'd give the place a higher rating, but I was kind of turned off my the poor quality of a lot of their produce.  The had a bunch of particularly bad persimmons.  They were spoiled to the point of being bags of their own liquified rotting flesh.  Also, I was looking for shirataki noodles and of the 40 or so bags they had in the cooler, all but two bags were a couple months past their expiration dates.But the positives outweigh the negatives, so three stars for this place.
5	Honestly, I kind of like the ghetto(you don't belong here) vibe of the Asian Corner mall, but for all you normal people out there this is a much better alternative.  Had no idea it was here, just happened to pass by and I'm always curious of diverse food in town.I'm not quite sure if I came on a special day or what, but I couldn't complain about any of the produce except for a few things that were priced accordingly(3 not so pretty japanese eggplant for a buck).  Fresh galangal, all kinds of good looking greens and fair priced herbs.  Super cheep tomatoes and shiitake's(although they are rather wet).Many different cuts of meat and all of them looked fresh.  A lot of things I'd never touch, but plenty that I will.  The seafood was fresh, mostly whole dressed fish, but 1.99 a pound for Tilapia, can't be beat.  There were some great looking tiger stripe shrimp, but I went for the much cheaper 31-40 count.  They did have some sashimi grade salmon that looked good.  Also, roe's in the sushi section and caviar up front.The spices were numerous and everywhere.  Normally priced(somewhat cheap) for an international mart.  Having similar spices in every inter-national section made things a little redundant.  But having a great variety of indian ingredients is going to prove to be a great resource.As far as frozen foods go, I've never seen this many different pot-stickers outside of San Fran or New York.  Almost all have MSG, but the restaurant grade ones don't.  I got that and some edamame.  Many other things too.The rest of the store is basic cooking vessels and kitchen needs, most cheaply made.  Then there is an interesting section with bidets and furniture.  If your tired, take a seat on the heated couch.I also noticed that there will be a new Vietnamese restaurant opening in the shopping center, that will be hard to beat.
4	If this were closer to where I live this would be my only go to grocery store. It has EVERYTHING your local chain grocers don't carry and should. Need a rice cooker??? Super G Mart has a few to choose from! If you're looking for shrimp paste they have over 5 countries you can choose which paste you want from. Same with any other product you're taste buds are itching to savor.Oh and try avoiding weekend trips. It's less crowded and quieter during the week.
4	How can you not like the Super G?  It is super, after all.  Housed in the old Bi-Lo on Independence, this place is massive.  While at first glance, you might find it similar to Compare Foods, it seems a lot larger.  I am not sure if it is higher ceilings, goods that are stacked lower, or maybe the restaurant over in one corner (probably not, Compare has one of those too).It could be that the produce section over on the left is actually larger than that of Compare - no mean feat.  Maybe it is the flea-market-like merchandise stacked up on the right, where you can find just about anything, from fancy-schmancy chopsticks to, hi-falutin' rice cookers.  Or maybe it is the product demos that happen somewhat regularly, like barbecue beef (for the love of all that is holy, I hope that was beef) or sushi rolling.In the back, you have one of the larger seafood counters in the area, and unfortunately you can smell it from the front.  That could actually go either way when deciding whether or not you should visit the place.  Around the corner (on a good day), you might catch just about anything, from half a dozen - maybe more - varieties of tofu to dozens of beans or just about any other vegetable you can think of.  Many I had never even imagined.Definitely a cool place.
4	Instead of making "Toasty Channel" comments I'll get with the review...  I Love this place!!!  The first time I walked in, all of the colorful packaging made me feel like a teenage dude viewing the Toasty Channel for the first time - or like taking too much Viagra!  The Cashiers are great too!  They always have something to say!!!I guess the only thing I buy here are sweets and Candy and more sweets on top of that!
5	I like Super G Mart much better than Pepero. Mainly Korean groceries and cultural home products (which is fine by me), with the added bonus of having caribbean, latin, indian and european items as well. Reminds me of the H Mart in chicago. Other shops inside include mini post office, a pharmacy and coming soon .... gourmet coffee & ice cream, asian social services, and steamed buns restaurant.
5	Great selections. Fantastic produce.
4	Extremely surprised to see an Asian market.  I was in Charlotte a few years ago and I didn't think that there was much Asian population here, but then again, I am only a visitor for a day or two at a time on a business trip without any time to check out the local places.Today, I was surprise to see a very large Korean/Asian market with decent Korean restaurant inside.  I had Yukgaejang after a redeye flight and I really liked it.  I am not a fan of super spicy, so it was just perfect for me.  The name is "Korean restaurant' inside the G market and it's a no non-sense Korean food-court type of place with the most common Korean menu.  I only tried Yukgaejang, so I can't say very much about other items on the menu.  Price was great around $6 for the soup, rice and kimchi. They have other Korean favorites like Soon Tofu soup, Champong, Chajang-myun, Bibimbap, Nang-myun, Kim Bap, Udon, and other Korean soups.
4	The Super G is right by my house, but I never go (which is sad, I know)... but I did go in the other night to buy a 20lbs bag of rice since I had run out.  The bag is going to last me a couple of years, but I liked the selection and how organized the store is.  A lot of times you go into an international store and stuff is just thrown everywhere.I did a quick walk around and there are plenty of offerings for lots of ethnic foods.  Hopefully I can get here more often to try my hand at some home cooking armed with the ingredients from here.
5	This place has about 10,000,000 grocery items and I don't know what 99% of them are (labels are not in English and we Americans, bless our hearts, are incredibly lame and can't read anything except English), BUT ...CHECK OUT THE KOREAN RESTAURANT IN THE BACK!  They serve food to the order and they sell kim bab trays.  We got the beef bulgogi (Korean BBQ beef), ohjingo bokum (spicy calamari), jap chae (delicious noodles and not too greasy), pajun (Korean pancake).  We had a Korean in our party and she loved it.  And 99% of the time, Koreans will put down Korean restaurants, especially in Charlotte.They also sell beef bulgogi, already marinated, in the back of the store.  It's cheap and delicious (just bring it home and cook it up).  They also carry this Japanese ice cream with some sort of rare tasty red bean in the middle.  Where on earth did this tasty little thing come from?  It's more expensive but worth a try.  And get a package of Elise bourbon cookies.  Also a little pricey but fantastically light and yummy.Kam sa ham ni dah, Super G Mart.
5	I am in love.  While I don't recommend that EVERYONE drive 40 minutes from Gastonia to get here, it is well worth the trip.  I'm used to buying my groceries at Walmart, and their produce section is crappy, and woefully lacking.  This place is the BOMB!  So much produce to choose from (and I eat paleo, so that's mostly what I have anyways), and it is fresh and delicious!  Delicious Medjool dates in the bulk section, fresh fish, and OMG, pork belly!  I only wish I could read Korean.  Also, I never knew there were so many brands of coconut milk!  I'm gonna try them all, I think.  I will be back, most certainly.  If only we could get something like this in Gastonia....
3	I was driving past and saw the "International Food Market" in the marquee, so I made a quick turn and dropped in. I've been looking for the Patak's brand of curry sauces and they don't stock those at Wal-Mart, Super Target or Aldi.This is a MASSIVE supermarket and they have several aisles of neatly organized foods divided into various ethnic categories, including Indian, Chinese, Hispanic and Other Asian. All sorts of things that we unsophisticated Americans would never know about otherwise. For example, did you know that there are dozens of different kinds of soy sauce?Yes, they have everything else that you can expect in a "regular" supermarket too. So you don't have to worry about that if you're looking to do your shop. Huge butcher (Cut to order? No problem!), fresh produce, even a good collection of beers with some brands that I have not spotted at the local Bi-Lo.Sadly, I didn't find the exact curry sauces I was looking for, but I did pick up a useful jar of lime pickle and a mango chutney to have with the curry when I do manage to locate it.
5	The store is clean and I just love the selection of produce both in size and quantity, selections in the meat department are excellent and I don't smell the fish department from the time I enter the store which is another very good thing , on the whole I have been very pleased on each visit as I've been there four times.
4	Well, I was pleasantly surprised to spot this market today...who would have thought that "Super G Mart" was international food...good thing I took a second look! Is this market new? or did I just never notice it before? In any case, I am pleased to not have to drive all the way to the Asian market on Central Ave. now! I wasn't in a hurry so I swung on in and had a look around the whole place. They have a nice selection of oriental vegetables including over a dozen different types of mushrooms, many different meat cuts you won't find in HT, many different types of whole fresh fish, a huge frozen section of exotic foods... OMG. I noticed Asian, Middle Eastern, some European...and, of course, all the usual stuff. I hadn't planned on buying anything really, although I should have known better, but I spotted some fish-shaped buns filled with sweet red bean paste just like the ones I had in Chin Hae, South Korea when I was there in the winter of 1995...freezing, the coldest I've ever been, and the only warmth on the street was a cart where a Korean woman was making these in an iron mold over an open flame...the fish shaped buns were hot and sweet and the heat from the cart was beautiful...But back to today... I think the prices are very reasonable, in fact low, for the items I checked in the produce, meats, and frozen sections and I was surprised that some items were as inexpensive as they are here and if you are on a tight budget I think you should certainly see what they have here. I spent over an hour just walking around, checking everything out. I love markets like this, they remind me of my childhood and of my travels, and I will def go back and buy more, but my only regret is that there are not more organic foods, especially produce, and the meat is not free range. I'm very picky picky about my food these days for both health and ethical reasons...but if I had noticed that Korean Restaurant that I see mentioned in other reviews (it must have been closed today because I did not smell any fabulous aromas of cooking foods wafting around the store) I def would have filled up and also taken some to go, and I will certainly stop there to have a bite next time I'm in the area because I love Korean food!
3	I really wanted to like Super G, and made the 35 minute trek this past week to get ingredients for curry and SPAM musubi. What I found was an enormous grocery store with all kinds of ethnic foods...but a good amount of them were less than fresh.  On my list, sticky rice, curry mix, seaweed sheets furikake (rice seasoning), mirin and oyster sauce.  Everything was overpriced.  I understand the need to make $ and maybe there isn't a big enough audience to support lower prices, but 5 pounds of sushi rice up to $12 a bag?  Granted there were cheaper kinds, but this set the tone for the rest of the shopping trip. Produce was cheaper than your average Harris Teeter, for sure-- but you gotta be careful.  Boxes of mandarin oranges were rotten, a bag of red onions I bought sprouted and have a mushy outer layer. The selection here is pretty good compared to other grocery stores in Charlotte area, and the workers are friendly.  There *are* sale items, which is nice...and I found apple bananas, which made me happy. Would I go back?  Yes, but only if I needed items I couldn't find elsewhere. PS: Where is the bakery or prepared foods section?
5	I can't promote Super G enough... their fresh produce prices are simply scandalous, they're so cheap!!! If you need ANY fresh fruit/veggie, check them out. I get all my staples here PLUS I have been able to try new things that I can't even pronounce. And, they've got every kind of condiment, grain, oat, rice, etc that you could imagine, from all over the world! The selection is amazing, I see something new everytime I'm in there!PLUS-they have happy hour specials daily!! (usually between 4-7pm I believe?) where they have "Flash Sales" on select items... usually something from every department (yes even the meat counter).What's that smell, you wonder? That's the smell of their meat and fresh seafood market. Once you get over that and actually explore the market, you'll be amazed at what you find-and it's good quality and bargain priced!
4	This is the best Asian food store in town. It's a true Asian supermarket. They've got produce out the ying yang (like that? you do), a whole aisle of tea, a sizable selection of sake, a lot of toasted seaweed (single serving as well as Costco-ish sizes), spices broken down by region of origin, baked goods by the registers, and even a little cafe setup in the back right corner of the store selling Korean food. Here's why my review isn't 5 stars: they don't carry tempeh! Um, hello? Tempeh is a soy product from Indonesia - only the largest and most populous country in Southeast ASIA. As per most Asian supermarkets, cleanliness doesn't seem to be a top priority. I've seen spillage of broken product left on the floor for an entire duration of my visit - twice. Sometimes you have to really sift through the fruit to find non-spoiled or thisclose to being rotten.
5	If there is a heaven, I want it to look (but not smell) like the Super G produce and seafood area (maybe a mix of both Super G and Compare Foods).This is one, if not the best, ethnic supermarket in town. They have everything and then some shit you never even knew existed!I work about a mile from here and we go as much as we can. My review can go on for days and it would never give this place any true justice. YOU JUST HAVE TO GO!If you're a foodie, like me, you'll be in absolute paradise and complete sensory overload.I also love their snack aisle with shrimp, calamari and wasabi flavored chips, grilled nori (seaweed), etc.Their fish market is incredible. Last time we went, Becky and I bought a 2-lbs shark steak, jellyfish and some very fresh shrimp. But their selection is practically unlimited.Take a weekend, several hours and stroll down each aisle and the entire store. You'll walk out with a bunch of stuff!
4	Super G Mart is a great place to go and find different things, stuff you have never heard of.  My daughter fell in love with something called pocky, it's chocolate sticks they are amazing.  However the smell meets you at the door, so be prepared other than that it's awesome.
5	Wow just wow. I may be in love with a grocery store. Been wanting to check this place out for months and hadn't yet, so finally my friends just took the reigns and just told me to get in the car. So we grab a cart and walk in...complete sensory overload...like in a casino...jackpot. Started on one side of the store and worked our way to the other. I was ping-ponging down the isles saying "omg look at this, no look at this, i want this. do i need this?". This continued for almost 2 hours when other plans dictated that it was time to leave. Not feeling super adventurous at the moment(i mean, i had been eating  tentacles and exploded fish ovaries prior in the afternoon) i ended up with multiple strawberry/raspberry/chocolate combination biscuits, jelly fruit slices, coconut juice and fried chicken flavored snacks in my cart. And millions of "Im totally doing that with pork belly" thoughts in my head. Total cost of this trip? $11.06. I went on a Sunday, so it was very busy but both employees and customers were super nice. Even the woman who wanted to buy my groceries with her food stamps in exchange for cash was a sweetheart. O i will be back and if earned, ill totally rep the "there's that weird girl who just wanders around here for hours" title with pride.
3	I was making Chana Masala and needed a few items I could not find at Harris Teeter or any "regular" grocery store. I figured I would give Super G Mart a shot, the first thing I noticed upon entering the store was the SMELL. I still can not put my finger on it but its odd, I got used to it after awhile though. I took a single walk through, the produce was overwhelming with so many things I have never seen in my life. I plan to pick up a lot of exotic fruit on my next visit. Then I went to the tea section, which was also overwhelming because a lot of it was not in English. I took a leap of faith, bought some green tea and it was easily the best bagged tea I have bought.
5	This place is super. Its the time of place I can't wait to go back and wish I could have roamed their aisles for hours. I heard so many different languages being spoken here and it was amazing to find items I have sampled on my travels to Asia and thought I would never taste again. Their shrimp is super fresh and only most are $4.99/$5.99 a pound depending on the count. Since prices are so affordable you could do your whole grocery shop here or just grab an item on random off the walls. I was able to find obscure spices for an Indian dish that I could not locate at Trader Joes, Harris Teeter or Wal-Mart (and I adore Trader Joes). I also go some also chocolate and strawberry jam cookies here for something like $1.40.
4	It's like Asian Corners, but without The Smell or the potholes.  Also, most things are labeled informatively in English.  Red pepper paste for my bibimbap is strategically placed in a section all its own near the cash register, as if it were diapers or beer.  Score.  I think Super G Mart and I are going to be very good friends.
5	The Korean Restaurant.  You guys, seriously.  As if I didn't love Super G already...  I mean, I'm pretty sure I need a Korean friend to help me choose my next dish there, but the bibimbap that I had (#10, in case you're wondering) was awesome!  I've never had it before, and there were... like, some white things, some green things, some brown curly things, carrots, beef, sesame seeds, an egg, and deliciously smoky and spicy sauce in it - all over like, 10lbs of rice, srsly.  I don't even care what the "things" were, they were delicious!  I couldn't even finish it all, and that's saying something because I usually eat every morsel of whatever is put in front of my face.  The lady at the checkout counter was very very nice, too, which helps when there is a language barrier.Also, despite the trek from my house, I've become a regular here.  You just really can't beat the produce value, and the selection blows every other grocery store out of the water.  Stockers and cashiers are always nice and SUPER helpful, also.  Again, despite the language barrier (see: me trying to explain brussels sprouts to one of the stock guys.  Tiny cabbages, about this big *holds up fingers about an inch apart*. Hilarious.)
5	Best place to shop for korean groceries in town!
4	The only thing I had an issue with the store was one of the managers kept checking/following me around the store because I bring my own reusable grocery bags. It's a great Korean store with many variety of foods from different countries.  They also, have 'American' food. I love their produce section which is fresh (4/5) and cheap.  I will always return for their produces.
4	This review is for the Honey Buns restaurant in the G Mart. I ordered the Vietnamese, chinese and egg custard buns! They were delicious. My favorite was the Vietnamese bun, which had egg, Chinese sausage and ground pork as the fillings. They had so many different buns there and all had descriptions so you know what you get. They were freshly made and looked yummy when she packed up our order. We took ours home and had them a few hours later and they were still very good. Next time will eat them right there.I think they take cash only but was super cheap. Each bun range cost about $1.25-$1.65.  Totally worth it and what a great snack while you grocery shop!
5	Great place to purchase hard to find food items.  Prices are very competitive.
3	I first raved about this place because I was super excited to have an Asian market so close to home! I still love it but one thing to stay clear of: THE PRODUCE SECTION and some of the meat section.I love all their selection BUT nothing there is fresh. Half or most of their things are already near or past expiration date. Too many things I've brought, I had to throw away. Their green papaya is already ripe inside. Their onion is full of flies and extremely soft spots (didn't even buy). Their bean sprouts are all brown and mushy already. Their apples weren't crispy, but mushy inside. I bought some sweet coconut the other day that was wrapped in plastic wrap. As soon as I unwrapped it when I got home, it had an extremely strong fowl smell (smell of apple cider vinegar/fruit flies). The juice inside also had the hint of smell too so I threw it all away. My mom told us not to buy their smoked meat anymore because they were already growing mold and the white/gray powdery stuff on it that looks a bit like mold. Their "live" crabs are probably all dead because it smells extremely rotten instead of the usual bad smell of seafood and they're not moving at all. These are a few example of the lost 2 stars.I still rate it a 3 because everything else is great. Their frozen section is wonderful and full of many selections. They have restaurants on the side that is extremely yummy! Their customer service is great and they give away candy to small kids at the cash register. All their workers seem extremely happy to be working there as well (compared to the sad mistreated workers at Asian Corner). I would never buy anything from their produce section again, but the rest of the store is great! For great Asian produce, go to Grand Asia Market, which recently just opened up in Stallings, about 10-15 mins from Super G Mart.
3	I went here for the first time last weekend and I'm somewhat on the fence about the place. Don't get me wrong, it has a massive selection of international food, produce and meats. At the same time though, the quality of the selection and the prices are making me leery about the place. Some of the items in there are nearly just as expensive as Harris Teeter prices! And the quality of the produce seems to be an on and off kind of thing. Yes, I do know shipments vary and the times they arrive to the store. I was there and saw the produce looking withered and under-refrigerated; almost as if they turned off the power at night and let them sit. This place may be a little more popular due to its location and newness, but in reality it isn't any better than New Century or International Grocery down by Asian Corner. I do acknowledge the fact that they do have more Middle Eastern and African products, but even that cliental shops at Asian Corner. Maybe this place will grow on me and I'll open my eyes to the light. In the meantime, I'll stick with nitpicking here and there for my Asian groceries.
4	Why WOULDN'T you love this place? G Mart has a vast selection of international foods along with delicious snacks! Not only is it 5 minutes from my work place, their parking lot isn't filled with pot holes that would destroy even the world's slowest car (Yes, that was a reference to the grocery stores at Asian Corner). The only downfall is that they don't have a bakery filled with sweets to nourish my sweet tooth (like Grand Asia that is way too far from me!).They do have a good selection of fresh meats and seafood. My family and I always buy live crab, fresh fish and shrimp here.THAT'S NOT ALL! Are you ready for the best part?! There's a Korean restaurant AND a Chinese Buns place inside! Hooray for authentic, good food for when I'm too lazy to cook! My favorite part of the Korean restaurant is that they have pictures! You don't have to ask what everything is or what the ingredients are. There are pictures for everything on the menu! The Bibimbap is my favorite, along with this tofu/seafood soup (ya... I just know it by picture, not by name lol). The Chinese Buns are decent, but not the best I've had. They have a korean bun too. It was pretty interesting having Korean ingredients inside a bun. OH! I almost forgot. G Mart sometime carries exotic fruits like dragonfruit, durian, longan, lychee and jackfruit. They also have my 2 FAVORITE ice creams: Green Tea Ice Cream and Melon Bars! .. yummm! Okay, have to go grab some on the way home from work now!
4	In New York I lived near Chinatown and I guess I didn't realize that I took certain things for granted until I left.  In particular I missed being able to buy my crabs live and my ginseng tea and whatever little tasty Asian treats I might have a craving for.  I had no idea that finding and buying fresh crabs would turn into a game of "Where's Waldo?" and that my ginseng tea would be non-existent anywhere else.  THANK YOU SUPER G!Okay, it's not all bright and full of sunshine and sunflowers like Harris Teeter but they had exactly what I was looking for and a few things that would never be carried by Harris Teeter.  Frozen dumplings/shumai, noodles for days, frozen bulgogi ready to be popped into a pan almost as good as momma's (okay, maybe not my momma but my friend's momma who was da bomb and loved feeding her skinny daughter and skinny friend).  For a single person from NY where take-out is a way of life, having those things in my freezer has been a godsend.    And that coconut ice cream is just divine.    They're not exactly busting at the seams to help you find what you're looking for or provide translations and the check-out lanes could use a few more cashiers to move things along on the weekend but if you're looking for a good selection of Asian food items and some fresh crabs, Super G can be your new BFF.
4	I drove over an hour to see this place because the kids and I were needing some ethnic food! The 'smell' does not bother us because we are used to it. We made a bee-line for the cooked food because we were hungry, but walked away from the pork bun/dim sum because it was CASH ONLY and I didn't have cash. So we walked around the store and had a lot of fun getting foods that we miss when we're away from my parents who typically cook those kinds of foods for us. We mainly got sauces and noodles with the hopes that I can recreate what my mom makes us. Sitting here, however, I realized that I didn't come home with any mochi, so I either missed it, or this store doesn't carry it. This store is great and I would go back again to try out other things. They had a great variety and as others have said, it does resembles asian markets from California. Come when you have time, because they definitely have a lot of items. I skimmed through items because I did come with kids who don't have the patience to read labels.
4	I am originally from the Caribbean so when I walk into a grocery store I expect to smell the fruit and seasonings.  I should not walk in a grocery and only smell air condition when I am in the fruit section.  I love that at Super G Mart has fresh seasonings and fruit and I can smell everything when I walk into the fruit section.  I love the fresh seafood as well.  I cant wait until my mom comes to visit and I take her over there to get some King Fish and Shark!
4	Coming from the Northern Virginia/DC area where there are TONS of Asian people and therefore, TONS of Asian grocery stores, I was so happy to see a store like this in the Charlotte area. Back where we previously lived, I was a frequent patron of Lotte (not the same as the one down here) and Super G was very close to filling that void for me! First let me start off by saying, my biggest complaint is that the produce is simply average. Yes, there is a much bigger selection than at most grocery stores, so if you're looking for something unique, you'll probably find it here, but the quality is average and the prices are not that much better than a regular market. However, I was thrilled to find SHORT GRAIN WHITE RICE at a reasonable price! I swear I've looked far and wide since I've been in the Charlotte area without luck (with the exception of outrageously priced "sushi rice" at Harris Teeter). Coming from a Japanese family, this is a staple for me, so I was thrilled to find good quality rice at a reasonable price. I was also able to find my other Asian favorites such as soba noodles, mochi ice cream, nori, and all the Asian confections I grew up with. The best part of this place, though, is the Honey Buns counter in the back corner of the store. They are cash only, but sell amazing taro, custard, bbq pork, and other buns that I've missed at a great price! I was also happy to find they sell the Chinese glutinous rice dessert! All in all, if you're looking for an Asian market, this is a good one. I haven't found a better one yet in this area.
4	Has an awesome selection of different types of meat. Price is great. The seasonings are fresh and you could actually smell the fruit!
4	Pros- International Food Haven. They have authentic & traditional foods representing most countries, and not just Asian. The restaurant in the back serves steam buns for a buck twenty five. Fish market is nice, fresh produce section offers interesting, and sometimes bizarre & amusing items from the Asian world.Cons- The place usually has an unpleasant smell, though I think it may come from the produce.(Example: They keep Durian close to the door; if you are familiar with this Asian fruit, you know it reeks!) That's my most optimistic guess. Why still 4 stars? Because other than the odor, I always feel like I'm on an international excursion when I'm there.
5	Super G is open until 9:30 on X-mas Eve when all the other stores closed at 6 or 7pm. Great Store!
5	Super G is simply wonderful. Upon entering, there's the sight of bustling restaurant owners picking up 50lb bags of rice, people rustling through produce and scattered throughout the aisles of products. The smell of dried shrimp is pungent and the seafood permeates your clothes for a bit, but it's totally part of the experience. There's nothing and everything to be found throughout this ethnic/international wonderland. First place I've seen in town that carries sugarcane in abundance and so many awesome dried veggies for super cheap. Good luck finding the same quality/price at some of the other specialty shops in town. One of my favorite parts was seeing the butchery and fishmongers cleaning sunfish as we walked by. There were lines everywhere, people waiting for things, sizing items up, comparing, chatting, loading carts with various items. Just the sight of what everyone else was there for made it an experience. Mainly I'd come here again just for the experience without a direction of which aisles to go down, specific products to look for, etc. Just wandering the store and checking out all of the different products is worth it. I can't wait to go back. Also, be sure to check out the Korean restaurant and Honey Buns in the back right of the store. Worth every penny.
5	They have a great selection of food! I really like the Korean restaurant in the back of the store!
4	Tip: It is always REALLY cold in this store, so I recommend bringing a sweater or jacket.I think the G stands for Global? I always get the name of this place mixed up, because there is a popular international grocery chain called super H. The owner of this place are Koreans, so you will undoubtedly find a ton of Korean grocery here. What I love about this place is that it is HUUGE. The prices are also not too shabby, pretty competitively priced for authentic international grocery. The selection includes, Mexican, Chinese, Japanese, Korean, Vietnamese, Indian, Middle Eastern and European. They also have a fresh seafood market in the back!They've got every imaginable fresh veggie and fruits you can think of, you want Jack Fruit? They got it! Lychee, covered! I wanted to make rosewater lemonade, they got rosewater here and cherry blossom water down the middle eastern section. I thought the couscous at Harris Teeter lacks variety and is pricey, they got you covered. Super cheap couscous with several option and brands to choose from, bingo!The store is relatively clean compared to most international grocer. Oh, there is also a food court to the right of the store!! There is a Korean noodle/rice joint. A joint selling steam buns and then a pastry shop. Oh, they also sell Asian furnitures!! They also carry Asian toiletries and beauty products, they got your back!The only complaint is the crowd at this store gets a bit confusing...Once we checked out and turned around to try a sample by the door, we were like 5 inch from our shopping cart but someone had managed to accidentally switch out our shopping cart with theirs all in less than 3 seconds. We were finally able to track down the person in the parking lot, it was an honest mistake. However, this was pretty bizarre of an experience. If you like this place and is looking for something similar with a MUCH better food court, try Grand Asia Market. They also have a good selection of Indian, Middle Eastern and Mexican groceries.
4	Enormous ethic grocery store will many kinds of products from all over the world. If they don't have it you probably don't need it...Not sure how other Yelpers were able to get photos. The very first time I visited I was overwhelmed by the produce department. Took out my phone to take photos and was immediately accosted by the manager. "You no take pictures!" I'm like ok, ok, and go about my business with this guy following me all over the store. Obviously I need to sign up for Yelps seminar on "Surreptitious Photography 101."Stayed away for a while after that. Eventually curiosity and  need won over and I visited again, keeping the phone in my purse. As other reviewers have noted, yeah there is a smell; but the past two times I've visited it was either diminished or barely noticeable. I guess they are stepping up their game with the new Walmart grocery store next door.Came by the other day to pick up some Sesame oil and I encountered Black Sesame oil. Yes please! Need Oyster sauce and their selection was great. The ingredient list had the oyster extract near the beginning as opposed to the end like the ones you get at the usual grocery store. Pick up some black rice; one of the highest foods in antioxidants and has a rich flavor so different from regular rice.Makes me wish I lived in  East Charlotte again. Almost......
5	Went there for the first time and I ABSOLUTELY love it. Wish I was 45 minutes away though, I would come here for everything! There was many varieties if produce and all fresh too. Saw everything I could buy just from here! The meat was inexpensive, but I didn't buy anything. There was also live blue crab that was very interesting and my daughter loved it. There was also a tiny Korean restaurant at the end of the store. Only accepts cash, but we ordered the Bulgogi #14 at the price of $14.99. It was a bit pricey and the portion of the meat was little, but it was super delicious!!! I would go back for more if I was ever in town again.There's boba tea, pastry, steamed buns and all the good stuff. Definitely a one stop shop and I hope to visit soon cause Bulgogi is calling my name!
4	It's a huge grocery store that got a bit of everything in it. The price is ok, but I think some of their products' price a bit high. I think the korean restaurant is a huge bonus in the mart, plus the honey bun. They also have a Hispanic bakery, and a post office drop off in there.
4	After reading reviews on Super G, I knew it was only a matter of time before I stopped in.  I had in mind that I would visit the restaurant in the back to get some soup.  As I walked through the store, the aromas certainly caught my attention.  I could not decode them.  Some were interesting while others more pungent.  I perused a few isles and came upon the myriad fresh vegetables.  It was then I decided a cart was in order.  I made a note of the vast array of fresh fruits and vegetable to look them up before purchasing; specifically, jack fruit, napa, batata yams, and rooster fries.  I am a sweet potato lover, so I am going to investigate the batata yams first!  I picked up a few items including chicken livers and mussel meat.  I just looked at the whole octopus, pork maws, pork tongue, and beef lips.  SMH.  Not today!  Some of the grocery items of interest to me were written in a language I could not understand, thus, I have to give them 4/5 stars.In back, my nose followed the baking section.  It was after 7 pm, so I "window shopped" this area several times before moving on.  I looked at the food bowls but wasn't that hungry.  I settled on a small bowl of wonton soup that was flavorfully spicy and fragrantly appeasing.  It was VERY good and hit the spot of my stomach that sought satisfaction!  I look forward to visiting Super G more often to find those things you just won't find anywhere else, like buffalo meat!
4	Good variety of fresh produce and cuts of meats. At times, they'll have cleaned and packed crabs ready for you to throw in soups or a fry pan. If you're looking for a special ingredient for a Hispanic, Indian, Korean, Japanese, Thai, etc. recipe, you'll probably find what you're looking for here. Super G Mart definitely has more selection in terms of a grocery store than Pepero.On the far right side of the store, there are a Korean stand, a Chinese/Taiwanese bun stand, and a bakery. The Chinese bun stand is cash only.
3	The prices are higher than what I'm use to.  Granted I do most of my shopping in northern Virginia where Korean mega markets are aplenty.  Yamamoto green tea was $1 more a pack.  The biggest price jump was the frozen seedless durian.  Needed these for the cake I'm making and had no choice but to buy it here since I was heading to Richmond in a few days.  $10.99 whoa.  It should be $7.99.  Gal I marinade sauce 4.99 instead of 3.49.  Hopefully with more stores and increase shoppers the prices will go down.  Overall I found everything I needed except a bottle of Saveur to season my rice.
4	I try to go there to do my grocery shopping once a week.  There is a wide variety of produce section, and it's fresh.   They also have great choice of Asian types of fruits and vegetables; and the price is great.  Meat choices are great as well.  However I find myself holding my nose while walking by the seafood section, the fish doesn't seem fresh.   Overall, it's a great place to go when American grocery doesn't fulfill your international cooking needs.
3	Having drove past this place a million times I had the chance to pop in because we were in need of some fresh seafood and had heard this is a good place to go.  Upon entering you get the feel that this is indeed a warehouse style grocery store where you can buy in bulk if you have the need.The meat and seafood selection was interesting to say the least.  A lot of items I don't know that I would ever try but apparently are popular.  We ended up not getting the seafood because the service was sparse and overwhelmed with other people during our visit.The coolest part to me were all the foreign candies and products.  I just like browsing the aisles and checking all that stuff out.  Also, I know it might just be a perception, but I got the feeling the place just isn't that clean.  Specifically around the meat and seafood areas.
5	I was on the hunt for whole dried peas and man I came to the right place.  Super G's has everything you could possibly need for the unique recipe. There were aisles and aisles of specialty items.  I loved the huge selection of seafood and meats.  I was always wondering where I could find a whole duck.Prices were exceptionally reasonable.  Next time I go I have to try the restaurant.  I hear it is awesome.  Worth the drive!  :-D
5	this place caters to Koreans, Indians, Chinese, Vietnamese, Latinos, Americans...the products are jam-packed in every aisle...I've been to almost all the asian grocery stores around Charlotte, including Compare Foods (latino and american products) and this place beats them all...my only beef with this place is that they need to do more quality control at their fruits and vegetables section...fruits, weed out the rotten ones so not to contaminate the others...vegetables, this one is hard cause the culprit is picky customers being really choosey making a mess...e.g. green onions...also a plus, this place has a post office inside...everything I ever shipped from there has gotten to its destination on time...people that frequent this place know that its the best...try the others and visit here, you will be a believer!
4	This is a HUGE international supermarket, and lucky for me it's a 10 minute drive away!  A large part of the supermarket is dedicated to Asian items, but the store certainly does not neglect the Hispanic, Indian, and Middle Eastern foodstuffs.  The two huge draws for me are the produce selection (their chile peppers are a steal) and their vast array of meats.  It's one of the few places that I can go for pork belly.  There's even a food court area with Korean food and a bakery.  I haven't tried them yet, so I can't speak to the quality.  But it's really cool that they are there!  The one drawback -- there is definitely a strong odor that comes from the seafood area.  I believe it's from their shellfish, because their larger cuts of fish don't seem to have that odor.Overall, a great place to go if you're looking to venture out!
3	Visited Charlotte, NC for my daughter's cheer competition and ventured into this market. I just loved the spicy seafood soup from the Korean market.  For the price, you can't beat it! You get a bowl of rice and a side dish of kimchi.
4	This is an "International" grocery that's larger than the Asian grocery in Stallings, NC.  The selection here is pretty good, and it appears they have sale items where some savings is better than none.  The prices were fair and the layout was favorable for the many selections to choose from for your needs.  The Latin bakery and Korean eatery were closed so didn't get a chance to try the food there, albeit the Asian food served in the Stallings grocery looks better. The best thing here was the Super G Mart was in a shopping center with other different stores.  So you can definitely make a trip out of it to hit up other errands you may have.I would definitely come back especially when I need to stockpile on my Asian snacks for the snow-stopping weather we've been having in Charlotte lately.
5	A must stop by grocer. You will not find a grocer with more variety of exotic foods than this place.It was odd that they ran out of kale amongst the 100+ greens they carry. It's probably more like 200 but I'm not counting. Oh, you can get like a HUGE tub of TOFU for $5. I mean, huge. Feed yo immediate family and extended family huge. Harris Teeter charges $5 for a small container. Wandering through Super G made me realize what a sucker I really am for wasting my money going to Harris Teeter. SUCK ME, HARRY TEET. Seriously, the fresh produce here is outrageous and the seafood selection is awesome. It is a vegan and omnivore's happy place. Some people say there is a stink but I don't find it as horrifying as Atlantic Farmers Market. That place smells...well, you know. Honestly the smell is contained to the designated stink areas. Me and a blonde latina played with live crabs. Well, I wasn't doing anything to them but she was moving them around with tongs while I narrated for a video on my phone. And, that was a pretty cool moment. When do two full grown adults have a sandbox moment in the grocery store? No crabs were hurt in this beautiful moment.You are pretty much on your own for finding certain things if they are very exact. Say, a brand or a product no one uses often. Agave nectar quickly got confused with guava nectar. If you can't get your point across to customer service, whip out a google image on your phone.There is a no frills, I'll give you the stink eye, styrofoam cup serving Korean "restaurant" in the back right corner and it is BITCHINNN'. Get the bibimbap hot pot and ask for extra gochujang. (Say it with me, whitey: GO-CHEW-CHUNG). Mix all the veggies and egg with the gochujang and sit back and enjoy the delicious Korean food and dirty looks. I swear it's not a biker bar. I think it was just unusual since I was with a white person who was eating this stuff too. He really enjoyed himself and said he found a new lunch spot. So have I. There is about 0 fucking Korean in Charlotte.Hey, mother fucker. Are you having a hard time finding pork belly?! Well, COME AWN DOWWNN!!!!! To Super G Mart- Where SUPER G'S SHOP.This place is cheap. I was kind of surprised on how they kept their prices so low againsts competitors. I mean, if you really think about the numbers and the variety they carry and have to keep carrying...it's kind of astonishing. Walmart is right next door and I could swear they beat their prices. And c'mon, let's stop giving money to the Waltons. Or is it Walton's? And really, I went to the Walmart next door because I needed Kale and I couldn't help but think every mother fucker in there was dumber than a coat of paint for not shopping at The Super G. Super G isn't just exotic foods, they cover everything. Except for the Kale.*Edit: Everyone in the Walmart was fatter too.
5	We shop at Super G every week. I buy sprouts and various other veggies, and enjoy the super low prices.But the best part, the hidden gem in a cave of diamonds is the Korean restaurant in the back. It is my favorite Korean food in Charlotte, and we like our hotpots!The owner is delightful, her food is spectacular, and I encourage everyone to seek out and enjoy this awesome place! I recommend the bibimbap!
5	Everything you could want just wish it was closer I drive 20 miles to go there but its worth the drive
3	Another one of those places that I would've assumed that I've reviewed... but I haven't!  There's not really much to say in terms of reviewing the only supermarket in Charlotte that has Korean food. The one note I wanted to drop here was for fellow shoppers - bring your own canvas grocery bags.  It's like the cashiers have a quota or something to use up as many plastic bags as possible!  No jokes - you bought eggs? Separate bag.  Oh you bought a bottle of sake?  Separate bag.  You bought packaged noodles?  Separate bag.  It's such a waste.  dmo out
5	I've experienced a few "International Foods" style markets in Charlotte. This is BY FAR The cleanest one. They have novelties too -- Jade Slab bed frames, Kim-Chi Urns, and a variety of foods you have never heard of adorn this shoppe. They have an amazing candle selection, and all of the foods and spices are very reasonable. The store is VERY well maintained. The living seafood is kept in a nice environment, the service is fast and courteous, and It was over-all a pretty lovely experience. I would definitely shop there again. My only complaint is that there isn't one closer to home!
4	This place is legit!!! I've found some of my childhood memory food (Taiwan)here !! Stuff I haven't seen anywhere else !!They have an asian section,Hispanic section and even an extensive European section also!!! Oh their fresh produce section is awesome!!! Veggies and fruits from all over the world !!! You can't find that in other grocery stores! Place is It's clean and organized and doesn't have that strong fishy smell that you get from other asian supermarkets.The food court has a Spanish bakery and a Korean and chinese(taiwanese) food, oh and they have bubble tea! (Not that tasty though but it's alright for a quick bubble tea fix)
4	Like everyone else has said, huge store with large variety. I left with $30 of miscellaneous goods. Some Hispanic, some Asian, some Polish. It's far from home but worth a trip now and again. I'll be back for my sauces! I went to another Asian/international grocery store the same day and this is much cleaner with more variety.
5	I am fortunate to live in the area of the Super G Mart. I always drove by it but never went in until a friend took me there. I am trying to eat more healthy and a lot of the recipes that I make call for fresh greens. At the usual supermarkets there aren't many options for greens except for a couple items but the Super G has an entire section that is nothing but greens!The meats are usually lower priced than other grocery stores and the seafood section is unbelievable. If you like being adventurous - it's fun to look up recipes to try with some of the more unfamiliar items from the store.They have whole sections devoted to different nationalities including, Asian, Hispanic & European. The variety is amazing!I do find that some items, like bananas, don't keep as well when you get them home when bought here so I still buy those at Walmart (conveniently located next door) but I save so much money by simply buying the majority of my fruits, veggies, greens & meats at Super G!
4	After 1st seeing Pepero and Grand Asian Market, I was a bit down. BUT, it's a whole different story with Super G Mart. Reminds me of NJ's HMart but a little bigger however not necessarily more stocked. Even tho Super G Mart is a Korean market, it has international items. Can't believe they even HV blue fish! YUM! I was so happy to find and explore Super G that haha I took so many pics.
3	Super G is not new to me.  I've been here plenty of times, but I've never posted a review.  I shop here for ethnic ingredients because the store that I usually go to is much further away.Overall, this store is neat, well stocked, and has small businesses within itself.   I mainly cook southeast Asian food.  The selection for my dishes are slim, but that's not their fault.  Super G is catered to Korean ingredients.  I manage to find the majority of what I need even if it's not the brand that I desired.  They have a variety of vegetables and fruits.  As with other grocery stores, you'll have to pick out your vegetables.  Sometimes the leaves can be shriveled and dry.The meat is cheap and fresh.  I've only bought shrimp and mussels from this location, which I think is a bit pricey.  General groceries like milk and eggs are a bit pricey here also.  The bags of rice are a pretty good price, but depends on the quality of rice that you want.  You can usually find a bag of rice within your budget.The Korean restaurant within Super G is OK.  I honestly think their food is a little bland.  If you come to Super G just to eat, save your money and pay less by dining at Pepero (five more minutes away).  There is also a bakery that sells steamed buns and boba tea right beside the restaurant.  In my opinion, I've had better boba tea, but the steam buns were pretty good.La Panderia next to the boba tea isn't all that great.  I haven't had a chance to try their cakes, but they look very delicious.  My review is just on the sweet bread.  I didn't care for it too much.  It was too sweet and sometimes it was hard.  Also, a little fly somehow found its way in and no one bothered to shoo it away.Honestly, I think Super G is a tad bit pricier than other Asian markets in Charlotte.  However, since they are no more than 2-3 miles away from me, I'd rather pay the tad bit higher price than waste my time and gas driving 30 minutes away to my favorite grocery store.
5	The HongKong Bakery is the best. They have such a big selection and everything taste so delicious! Their stuff are not too sweet like the American ones. I cannot wish for anything better! I'm totally willing to drive one hour to get bread.
