5	Y'know, rarely do I buy the "extended warranty" that most places try to peddle on you nowadays. If you buy the item from a reputable manufacturer, it should be unnecessary. In the case of tires, I have to make an exception. You can control the quality of tires you buy and put on your car, but not the quality of construction workers who don't know how to secure their nails, screws and bolts for travel on highways, streets and other local thoroughfares. They're a nefarious bunch for the most part. I'm not for extra taxes, but I'm contacting my local elected officials to institute a tax on all businesses who transport these little metal devils on the streets we drive...and stiff penalties/massive fines if they get caught dropping a load of these on the highway. For the second time in a year, one of my tires caught one of the little buggers -- this last one was not a nail or screw, mind you, but a BOLT.  I pulled my receipts from the glove compartment, used Yelp to find the nearest Discount Tire, and called for a tow. The replacement certificates I got were $16 per tire (back in NC, but they're good here too), and worth every penny. The folks at this Discount Tire location were extremely nice, and had me in and out of there in about 30 minutes (with no appointment). There is even free water for customers. They were able to fix the tire instead of replacing it, which is fine (as long as it holds). Every Discount Tire location I've visited has been great as far as the transparency of what you're getting, the quality of customer service, and the wait. In a town of 4.3 million people and never-ending road construction, I have to recommend the free replacement warranty on your tires, no matter where you buy them. I prefer getting mine from DT.
2	I went in to this Discount Tire because I had a nail in my tire. I called first and spoke to Dennis. Dennis was amazing. He took control and quoted me $15.00 and we were ready to go.Then the trouble began. This other guy calls out my name and said that the nail hapenned to go into the tire real close to another patch that was on the tire. What can I do. I said I will buy another tire. I had no problem with that. The problem that I had is that this guy said they did not have 1 in stock so he offered me 2 tires that were slightly smaller than my other two. This was blatantly a scam on trying to make more money on me for 2 tires. I wanted to leave with the nail in the tire and go somewhere else. This guy avoided me for over 20 minutes and then when I went out to my truck the guy all of a sudden came up with my 1 tire and the exact size. How obvious is that! Why, if they were truly tire professionals want to sell me 2 different sizes of tires. The only reason I did not give this review 1 star was because Dennis was amazing. Beware of the Manager at this place because if he condons this type of sales strategy then he is guilty of customer abuse and bad sales tactics and the employees are just following his lead. I would be very careful and call their bluff. Thank you!
5	I don't always have a great experience with Discount, but I was really pleased with my visit today. One of my tires had a slow air leak. I went in to have it patched. They got on it right away, and patched the tire for free. The part that got me was that they didn't even ask if the tires were purchased with them (Even though they were, just under a different owner). I was in and out in maybe 15-20 minutes. Great experience.
5	I was conveniently greeted by Pablo as I arrived. My tire pressure light was on- and I spent several quarters/ time trying to fix the problem on my own. Thank God for this place. Because I bought my tires from here, I have an extended warranty- and they replace or fix the issue every time. Pablo and the Discount Tire team said that I had a nail in my tire- and fixed it in 15 minutes- perfect!I was able to have lunch and make it back to the office in time. The staff was friendly, professional, and engaging. I'll always come here first before testing my gas station- air pumping technique.:)Thanks guys!
5	I come here every month for a free air check and when I need to get my tires rotated.The 4 tires I purchased from here are 15 months old  now and barely have any wear on them.  Yokohamas I think? When I purchased them, DT had price matched them to an online deal and for such a quality tire, I have been extremely satisfied.Sergio, Assistant Manager usually assists me and he is always courteous and hard working. Sometimes he is inside to assist customers, other visits, he has been in the shop.I've been a customer of Discount Tire at other locations for over 10 years, and I have always found them to have excellent customer service across the board, this location being exceptional. Today I came in for a free tire rotation, and I was out the door in 9 minutes. That has to be a record!
5	Great bunch here. I was a moron and made an apt for another locale online, they took me in quick anyway. They are friendly and quick!
5	Simply the best.... butYou can get a better deal by looking around and then telling Discount what you have found. It appears they have a matching type policy and are able to negotiate right on the spot. Sergio is always helpful, never pushy.
4	Always happy with my visits to Discount, well except paying hundreds of dollars on new rubber! :) always friendly and helpful!
5	Just got four new tires here from Tanner and Brent.  On a Thursday morning, they had me in and out in 30 minutes.  Couldn't have been easier.
5	I LOVE this place! I will ALWAYS go here for my tire needs! I've been going here for years and everyone is so friendly and helpful. They are always so honest and straightforward and do their best to help me out! Amazing customer service and great work!
1	I would like to write a review about the service at this store, but I can't. I waited ten minutes for someone to help me before I decided to leave. When I walked in I was greeted by someone helping a customer who said he would be right with me. He finished with his customer, went into the shop and was not seen again. I hope he has been found. Next in walked another employee with a customer. He told me that I would be helped shortly. While he was finishing up with his customer, he answered the phone, put them on hold and completed his transaction. He then went to the phone call which came in a while after I had been standing there. I guess a phone call is more important tan a live breathing body in the store. He did request someone come and assist at this time, but I had waited long enough. Based on the picture on the wall, the second employee was the Manager Frank. As I was walking to my car, an employee came out to ask if I needed help. That would have been nice while I waited inside. I told him no thank you that I was done. He then asked if I needed an air check or a flat. I told him that actually I wanted a new set of tires. He asked that I return to the store and he would get me a deal. I want good customer service when I go into a store, not the promise of a deal for poor service. I guess I should mention that I have been a customer of Discount Tire for fifteen years, and have always been satisfied. I have also always shopped at the Scottsdale Store, which although much busier, is run in a much more customer friendly manner.
5	Seriously best customer service by a repair shop I have had in a long time. I will never get my tires anywhere else. Greeted me outside and quickly assessed what I needed and made a recommendation. Explained benefits of options and warranty. Only took 25 min to change. Best service ever.
5	Place alwyas seems busy - but we never spend too much time here - whether we are buying tires or getting a flat fixed.I went in the other day with a 2-headed screwdriver sticking out of the sidewall. Even with 3 or 4 other customers ahead of me - we were all out of there in under 30 mins. Discount put a new tire on, with no problems. The road hazard warranty saved us some $$ that day! Totally worth the money upfront.
5	There's a reason I never buy tires from any other company, and I recommend them to all of my friends and family.  They are always prompt, efficient, friendly, and helpful.  The price is usually about the same as online prices, sometimes even less.On this last trip, someone met us in the parking lot before we could even walk in, and grabbed the bad tire out of the back of the Jeep to take care of it for us.Every time I need tire service, they come through perfectly.  This particular location is one of the best in the city!
5	Very attentive, helpful, and understanding of my time is need. Ask for JT! He inspired me to write this review! Keep up the great work!
1	I purchased two new tires from this location and the store manager, Shannon (male), recommended I purchase 4 new tires because all of them were "equally"warn out. The previous week, I had an oil change at goodyear and had my tires inspected and they recommended only changing the back tires. Additionally, i received a second opinion from the discount tire near metrocenter (where I purchased brand new tires in June 2014) and they said the same thing. So I took my car to discount tire on 15th ave and bell because they were the only ones that had the type of tires I needed  (or else id of gone to metrocenter) and Shannon agressively pushed to have all 4 tires changed. When i said i wasnt interested in having all 4 replaced he looked rather vexed. After I went back in to pick up my car keys after the rear tires were installed, i approached Shannon cashier station and i ask for my keys and he literally just walked right past me and didnt even acknowledge I was there. I stood there patiently waiting and after 10 mins of just standing there like an idiot someone else brought over my keys. I didnt like the low level of service at this location and Shannon should brush up on his customer service skills which is sad to say because he's the store manager. From now on, Ill stick to the metrocenter location. At least there they acknowledge your existence.
