5	We have used All Valley Electric about five times. We've used them to hang fans, installing lighting and repair electric box. They have always done great work and are very friendly and timely.  I couldn't be happier!  Give them a try.
5	We recommend All Valley Electrical for all your electrical needs. You deal with technicians who are dependable, ethical and will be honest with you. You will be happy you called them.Barb H
5	Tony was very honest, and reasonable! Brought him in to put in a celing fan, and fix a pool light. He quoted me much less than the other guys did, and came to do the work within one business day. Very professional. I would recommend All Valley to anyone!
4	I called All Valley Electric last Friday, and spoke with Tony. We set an appointment time between 10am-12noon. He showed up at 11:50am. He is a great guy and very honest. When he looked at my remote unit for my pool that controlled the water feature, he was honest enough to tell me that he didn't have expertise in this area and recommended another company who did. I was really impressed by his honesty and integrity. He could have fiddled around and charged me, but he didn't!  Also when we spoke on the phone, he told me that his estimates were free and there wasn't a service charge for coming out. The jobs are priced for the amount of labor and parts.  One price which he would give me up front. Now, I like that! No wondering how much something will cost until the guy is finished and then ya need to sit down and have a cold one to settle your nerves when you write out the check! Call this guy!
5	I have been using Tony for 4 years now.  He has helped me add plugs in unusual places so I could put accent lighting where I wanted.  Also he helped me add flood lights on all back 3 sides of my house and put a plug by each back door that lights them up together.  Really helped the feeling of security.  The list of things he did is too long to list here.  I give Tony my hightet unqualified recommendation!
5	I had to get the power line mast moved due to the power line being on the roof.  Tony was honest and competitive with his pricing.( I got three quotes). I picked All Valley Electric because I felt comfortable with Tony and what he proposed to get everything corrected. The only hold up in my project was waiting for SRP...but that was expected.  Tony and his team did a fantastic job and I would definitely use them again. Also, they were on time which is always a plus. I would definitely recommend All Valley Electric for any electrical work.
1	Notice that all the 5 star ratings are older?  Something has changed with All Valley Electric.   We contacted All Valley on 11/13/2013 based on Yelp's ratings.  Tony came to the home and gave us an estimate the same day we called.  He talked a good story and was very amicable.  We authorized him to do the work the same day.  He was to arrive the following Saturday.   Won't bore you with explicit details, you have seen or heard it all before.  No shows, broken promises, hard to contact, lucky if you get a return call. Don't waste 3 months waiting on broken promises and hard luck stories.  Do yourself a favor and just bypass All Valley Electric for an estimate. You'll be glad you did.
5	We recently purchased an older home in Chandler and needed some electrical work done. Tony came out and assessed our needs and gave an honest and reasonable written quote. He worked around our busy schedules which was more than the bigger electrical companies would do. Support small businesses in the valley! I highly recommend All Valley Electric.
5	This is the second time I have Had Tony Come to our house to do some repairs and add some new features. We were selling our house and there had to be some electrical work completed before the closing date. Tony showed up promptly as always and again treated me like a family member. What a very special person in this day and age to be on time and always in a very friendly mood. I would highly recommend Tony for any electrical work you may need done in your home or work.!!Rollie L
