5	Excellent burger, great ambiance, free pool!  What else can you ask for?  You can choose from their list of burgers or fashion your own.  Lots of choice of ingredients to put on your burger like eggplant or avocado, and tons of sauces to choose from.Price: about $11-20 for a burger.  They also have many hummus dishes which could be shared appetizers or small meals for about $10.Also has a bar.
4	Spacious, well lit, comfortable (although avoid the banquettes), and great music on the sound system.Very friendly service, young (allophone) proprietors on site.Superb build-your-own burger, cooked just right. The regular vegetable toppings are delicious, just add one more for flavor.Delicious sweet potato fries, and deep green salad with vinaigrette.Excellent smoothie, sweet but not cloying.Excellent presentation too,  for those who care about that. Very satisfying all around.$Burger and drink for about CDN $15.00 pre tax and tip.
5	ART:brgr is hands-down my favorite restaurant in the Plateau. Not only are the burgers monstrous in size, but the tender patties and creative toppings are enough to have you drooling well after your meal. For me, however, it's the hummus that takes center-stage. Coming from an Israeli family, I've always been skeptical of any hummus made outside of Israel. The owner makes the hummus himself in small batches and doesn't share the secret recipe with any of his chefs. After years of living off chickpeas, I can confidently say that you don't know good hummus until you've tried ART:brgr (provided you haven't visited the holy land)The decor is modern and very appropriate for the size and shape of the location. The pool table is an extra touch of class and invites you to come just once more to play a round with the boys. I know I will.
3	ART: brgr, like most contemporary art, seems overpriced.  The burgers are indeed interesting and aesthetically put together, but for 20 friggin' bucks, this cow better come in a gilded frame, and these don't. The cocktail I had (a vodka number) was intelligent, but alas, overpriced. And contrary to a few of these reviewers whose stomachs must be the size of my chihuahua's, the portions are not that big (not a bad thing for us fat asses, but don't invest in this place with any delusions). It'll be one of the best unique burgers you've had all year, but be willing to pay for it.
5	You know when you leave a burger place and you feel full, but not in a "I-can't-believe-I-kept-eating-that" kind of way? That's the feeling you get when you finally muster up the strength and desire to leave ART:brgr. This build-a-burger style restaurant grills up some of the most succulent, mouth-watering patties in the city, and then gives you the chance to add whatever toppings your heart desires. Not a fan of DIY ordering? They've got a list of signature burgers that will make your head spin. Add to that the crispiest fries and a side of insanely good coleslaw with every meal, and it's enough to make you wish that licking your plate in public was socially acceptable.
2	Went back there yesterday. Service was faster than before, BUT the meat in our burgers was still red in the center. If their new policy is to serve medium-cooked meat (some people like it), they should make it explicit on the menu or when the waiter/waitress takes orders, because undercooked ground beef can cause diseases. About 5-10 minutes into our meal: no courtesy check yet. Had to wave the waitress to ask that the beef be cooked some more. She was very nice about it and apologized.Meat still had pink spots when I got it back but I worked around it. Overall burger was still good, fries still OK; I really wished they served green salad instead of coleslaw as a side.
4	ART:brgr.  The name is aptly placed for this establishment just off St. Denis on Gilford.  On the North end of the plateau, it might not be the first place for many to make the trek to without transportation... however please do.  If you are a fan of a pinnacle burger, this is it.  The menu has a fantastic assortment of differently prepared masterpieces including the Cardiac Arrest burger, toppling with bacon, cheddar, jalapenos, more cheese, and a beautifully cooked sunny side up egg.  This is a flagship burger.  It is as big as the name implies and equally as satisfying in its gluttony.   In the mood for something a bit more local?  Their Poutine Burger is satisfyingly salty and put's La Banquise to shame for proper sauce not overpowering the french fries.  Fans of meat should request their burger done a bit more towards medium rare though, as they tended to push more medium.  Those that do not want a little pink in your burger should put on your big boy/girl pants and grow up.  Montreal is not a food mecca for a well-done briquette.  If you want mediocrity try McDonalds.  If you want a burger experience that has shaken this Wisconsin boy to the core (and I am a foody through and through... we know our beer cheese and beef in Wisconsin...) do go to ART:brgr.  First time? Check groupon.  You will go back.  I did not get to try their Melt sandwiches yet... but that will be remedied.  After their burger, I am intrigued and my wallet is ready.
4	Went to this place as a last meal before my last visit to Montreal, surely was not disappointed! My best friend, a vegetarian, was in for a pleasant surprise when the waitress told her any of the patties could be subbed with a vegetarian option! (Aubergine please!) The burgers were supreme! (Although a touch pricey...) The brioche they were served on, amazing! The fries actually tasted like real French fries, not McDonalds! (an Achilles heel of many great burger places) Cocktails were nice as well, a good cold sex on the beach in the middle of Montreal winter is not too bad! My favorite part definitely had to be the ambiance! VERY tastefully designed from the white walls to the pop art paintings of celebrities and the high-top wooden tables! We spoke to the owner, a man who is CLEARLY passionate about his burgers! Will definitely be back on my next trip.
2	We waited an hour for our hamburgers and they were wrong. The hamburger delivered to the table next to us... also wrong. Sure they made up for it, but what if there had been an allergy? The kitchen is just a mess. The hamburger looks wonderful, they try to make it look like art, but unfortunately this makes it extremely frustrating to eat, bigger than your mouth and then falls apart. The patty was dry and split while eating ending up in a pile on the plate. The cheese curds for the poutine weren't fresh enough to squeak.The restaurant is very loud. Service was good, too bad the back of the house isn't. Might be fine if they fix the back of the house and start concentrating on the food instead of the presentation. And I certainly didn't go out for dinner expecting to be frustrated by the whole thing.
3	A few months ago, I bought a coupon for a "festin" (aka, EAT YOUR HEART OUT) off a website and decided to finally cash it in..ART:brgr is located beside Laurier Metro station, this joint is located just off St.Denis and can be somewhat easy to miss with its tiny sign. The "festin" consisted of a classic burger, poutine a drink (alcoholic or not) as well as desert. I had to reserve a full 24 hours in advance and did so in the afternoon as I was visiting with my whole family as well as my 5 month old daughter. The resto has a nice ambiance and style that was warm and inviting.Firstly, the service was really good, probably because of our time arrangement (2 PM). Our hostess was very polite and friendly to our little baby girl and special arrangements was taken care of. The food came quickly enough and she constantly checked on us to make sure if everything was well. Kudos to this.I ordered a simple classic burger with some bacon and extra cheese because after all, why live to 80, right? The burger was good but not excellent as I wasn't asked HOW I wanted my burger and got well done (even crispy) and I like mine medium rare. Perhaps I should have went with one of the many other special burger options. Nonetheless, I was satisfied.The poutine was delicious and probably the best experience I've eaten here during this visit.The side coleslaw was might tasty as well but far too spicy for my taste sadly.The desert consisted of a fried mars bar as well as some ice cream. I barely had room for this, I needed to be barreled out of the side door.All in all, a nice place to eat. Not sure if I'd come back though.
4	Nom nom nom!I rarely ever type those words, but ART:brgr deserves it!I visited on a very snowy Saturday lunch.  At first we were the only ones in the whole resto, but it quickly filled up as we ate.  I understand why now, it's a totally delicious spot!  I had a melt, which is basically a gigantic sandwich, cooked on a grill like a grilled cheese.  The one I had was filled with deliciousness: hard boiled egg, coleslaw, tomato, breaded eggplant . . . and on and on.  It came with a side of fries and spicy coleslaw.  My only regret is being so overwhelmed with it's deliciousness I ate the whole thing instead of asking to take half home.  I spent the rest of the day in a full belly induced haze.  It was totally worth it though!  Although I found the prices fair, they were a bit more than I would want to pay on a regular basis, so while I won't be running back as soon as I'd like to, there will definitely be future visits!
5	Delicious burger, fun and interesting choices, great music, service and prices. I highly recommend it!
2	Food was great but service was absolutely god awful. I ordered the veggie burger option which came w/ avocados and they didn't even have avocados in it. A bunch of us added in extra toppings and they didn't even add them in. We were one of the only people in there and they couldn't even get one order right. The pricing for everything is really not that smart either and way too expensive for my taste. $2.50 for two little slices of bacon? Give me a break. At least the food was decent or I would've given this 1 star. Wouldn't go back.
2	Location: Plateau-ish area, near Laurier metro. Street parking available but pay attention to the signs.The place: It's small, decor is minimal, and there's a pool table that in't very strategically positioned in the middle of the place. I'm still trying to figure that one out since if you happen to be sat right behind said pool table, you risk having your back or arse poked with a stick. Anyway. The theme here, is 80s-90s, which I can tolerate in small doses but not so much for an entire evening. The wait staff (at least the gals) are outfitted in retro 80s gear and the music being played is genre, Londonbeat, Madonna, Micheal Jackson etc. The food: I went for Burger week. Will I go back? Nope. I orderd the veggie burger, also known as the Humus burger; while the bun itself was actually quite good, the patty was just this brown lump that, at first glance, didn't look very appetizing. Was it good? It was OK but I've had better Falafel-style patties elsewhere. Half my burger was missing the bottom so I basically ate that half with a knife and fork while I ate the other as a burger should be eaten: with my bare hands. The burger was topped with lettuce, tomato, exactly two sweet potato chips, and was accompanied by coleslaw. No fries included. As far as burgers go, it was dull. The coleslaw was spicy and just not good. Spicy coleslaw just doesn't work for me. My date ordered a meat burger that she said was burnt, and the accompanying fries were cold. Service: The service was fine, but the waitress didn't explain the two different burgers that were on offer for Burger week (we told her that's why we were there). It was also incredibly slow to actually get our food - maybe that's why the fries were cold. On the up side, we weren't pressed to leave when were done. Price point: $11 for the veggie burger. Personally, if you're going to give me a mediocre burger and not include fries, $11 is overpriced.
3	tucked away on st-denis street, the place is easy to miss so instead, look for the diner restaurant on st-denis, art:brgr is behind that diner.anyway, portions are huge. service is ok. i don't know what it is like when packed as i went there when its pretty much empty (like a week day just after lunch time)food is not bad, burger is juicy but lacks flavor on the other hand. for the price you're paying, one would expect it to taste good. its not crazy expensive. i mean, food is not bland but you know, always seasoned your food! found the fries to be better..
