5	I have attended two classes at Blissful in the past week.  While vastly different classes, both instructors were in tune with the participants, guiding them in their practice while helping us to maintain postures.The hot yoga was wonderful and hard work, the yinyasa was a more reflective class that concentrated on opening specific parts of the body.  I will be attending more classes there in the next two weeks as they have a two weeks for $25 offer; all the yoga classes you want to attend for $25?  Now that is blissful!
5	I started with the 2 week"s for $25 special. Within the 2 weeks I tried to attend a variety of classes and instructors to get a feel for what I would enjoy most. Every class was wonderful and each instructor was professional and very skilled. After my 2 weeks I signed up for a 3 month's unlimited membership and I am enjoying daily Yoga classes by the fantastic team at Blissful!
5	This place is amazing and I am still going several times a week. The teachers are wonderful and there are workshops offered every couple of weeks.
4	I really enjoy Blissful.The instructors are helpful, even for a newbie like me.  They are patient and take the time to make sure you are getting the benefit of the poses while making sure you don't hurt yourself.Their on line booking system is easy, and when I've dropped in I've never had a problem getting in.The classes are not over crowded.  The studio is clean and modern.The only downside is the price, its a bit steep, but you get what you pay for.
1	I was new to yoga and decided to buy a 10 class pass to attend yoga since this studio is right across the street from my school.  At the time I purchased the package they never informed me that the classes expired.  I got really busy with the school year and was only able to attend a few of the classes.  It had been several months since the last time I attended a class, and when I showed up they informed me that I did not have any classes remaining.  I assured them that I did, in fact I should have 6 classes remaining, but they were extremely dismissive and told me the pass must have expired.  I will never go to this studio again, and I intend to tell everyone at my school that they steal your money.  With as much school loans as I have, I cant afford to give my money to a sleazy yoga studio.
5	Great local yoga studio. Had flexible hours like early morning and late night to fit any schedule. Teachers are friendly and setting is relaxing. I would say the one thing that might make it a better is if it was required/enforced to be quiet once you enter the classroom. Many people like to relax and meditate before class which can be distracting with people talking to each other or on their cell phones...just a suggestion.
2	closed
1	Blissful Yoga Studio went out of business within several days of me purchasing a five class a package for my mother. Upon contacting the studio-- which never returns phone calls or emails-- on a repetitive amount of occasions, the studio finally agreed to issue a full refund within 48 hours. This assurance and guarantee of reimbursement has yet to be fulfilled after almost 2 weeks.I have never encountered a business that values its customers in such a manner (not a compliment in the slightest). I will continue to pursue Blissful Yoga Studio until I have received my full refund for the unused five class package I purchased in January. A completely counter-reproductive, irritating, and surreal experience.
1	They went out of business.  They do not respond to calls or emails.  They are not issuing refunds.
