5	Again, another congratulations to the people that have given us the newest location of Patty's Closet.  I was there today for the grand opening of the newest store in Summerlin (there are three other stores around the valley: Eastern Ave, Rainbow, Blue Diamond, W. Sahara, and now this location), and I'm glad that I was present, cuz I definitely made out with quite a few new clothes.  Hands down, it seems like with each new opening, they seem to draw a bigger crowd and a bigger gathering.  They were passing out some chocolate chip cookies from Retro Bakery, Vitamin Water, and a DJ in the store.  But enough about that.  More about the clothes, lol!  I have to admit, this grand opening seemed to go a lot more smoothly, since there were more fitting rooms available, they were assigning numbers to all of the women waiting to try on clothes, and they made sure to call you by number, rather than have you wait in a line and call your name out to try on stuff.  I also got 20% off my entire purchase (yea, pretty much broke the bank, but definitely worth it), and a lot of goodies in the gift bags that they gave to the first few buyers.I can't say enough about this store, and for all of the lovely items that they have for sale.  Just keep up the good work and I'll most likely be in again soon.
4	When I found out that Patty's Closet was opening in the Northwest side of town I was very excited. I haven't check out any of the other Patty's Closet's in town but my sister is a big fan and always brags about it so I decided to check out their grand opening. It was 20% off the entire purchase and the first 100 customers get a goody bag. I was very excited about the goody bag because I never really got anything free. The store was small but I like the fact that they only make 2 of each size...I don't know about you but that's definitely a plus because I do not want to walk around somewhere and some one is wearing the same thing. Yes it has happened! The second time I came here I had to buy a gift for my sister and did it take me a while to find something perfect. I asked the cashier which one she thought was cute and if my sister can exchange it at the other locations. I found the sales associates helpful and friendly.
5	My wallet has found its new arch nemesis, and it goes by the name Patty's Closet.I remembered hearing that this place opened up in my area of town and decided to go check it out one night after spoiling myself with some cupcakes from Retro Bakery.  I was expecting to go in, see nothing I liked and/or could afford, and then leave.  Instead I ended up walking out with two dresses, a top, and a necklace.  I used my birthday as my excuse.Being a boutique, it's not a huge selection, but there is something for everyone.  There are some more sophisticated items in black or some really crazy fun things in bright colors and patterns.  You are bound to find something you like, just keep your fingers crossed that they have your size!As for the prices, I couldn't believe it.  I didn't pay over $25 for anything, plus they gave us 20% off for some special they were running.  I am seriously in trouble.The girls working at the store were very friendly and helpful and I loved the cute dressing rooms with colorful pillows and posters of Marilyn Monroe.  They have a good selection of jewelry (only one of each item so no one else will buy what you have!) and there were some nice scarves and hats too.Sign up for their text messages and receive sale promotions about once a week.  I follow them on Facebook as well and it can potentially cause some trouble- they post pics of the new clothes when they come in.  If you can resist the temptation, then I would say to follow them on Facebook as well.I think for overall clothes selection I would probably go with four stars, but the employees, prices, and the fact that it's a local shop made me bump the place up to five.  Now I just need to find a new excuse before I head back...
4	Cute place, only 1-2 items per size, lots of jewelry for under $15!  This boutique is a funky little shop in the Montecito Marketplace and is a surefire place to acquire a truly unique article of clothing or bling.  Prices were VERY reasonable: tops were around the $25 mark, dresses about the same or a few bucks higher.  The sale rack featured a lot of stuff for cheap (~$10).  I liked how all the clothes were arranged by colour!
4	Great selection of really awsome outfits! Staff is super helpful and and always attentive, My daughter is a huge fan of course and this week we have gone in twice! I haven't been disappointed by any of the clothes I have purchased and they are really great prices.
5	I am a huge fan of Patty's Closet. It's a boutique, meaning that the clothes are unique and they don't usually stay in the store for months and months. New arrivals come in every week. And the arrivals are cute and featured on their social media sites. They feature a lot of local and trendy designers. Patty's closet is always hosting events and doing a lot of charity work because they are an expanding business! The store is a little pricey, but there is a coupon that you can use basically every single day and Patty's Closet is constantly having sales. But then, I walked into a boutique, so expensive is what I expect, and for what it is, Patty's Closet is cheaper than most boutiques. It is one of my favorite places to shop for clothes.
