4	I love this taco truck. I've turned on some coworkers as well...the ones that aren't skeered. I almost exclusively order tacos because I like all the toppings and the crunch they provide, but I have tried the torta and quesadilla and both were good. The Torta was enough for about 4 people, it was huge! The tacos are traditional street tacos, with two corn shells, fresh cilantro and onions, cucumber and rasish slices, and a lime. Yum. The tacos are 1.75 each and although they look smaller than a regular taco, they are just as filling. They are filled to the brim with steak (or whatever you get) and 2 fill me, though I could stuff myself with 3. Service is great and language has never been a barrier. Meat choices are: pastor (pork)chorizo (sausage)asada (steak)lengua (tongue)cabeza (I think head cheese)pollo (chicken)tripa (tripe)campechanos (steak and chorizo mix)Would be 5 stars if location was better. It's in the Compare Foods parking lot in the Asian Corners mall. If you pull directly into Compare, that parking lot is not filled with potholes like the mall.
5	This truck is on my top 2 list of taco trucks in Charlotte. I love the fact that they are not mobile, so I always know where to find them...outside of Compare Foods on the corner of Sugar Creek and Tryon. They are open 7 days a week from 11am-10pm and I even have them on speed dial (980-333-7365) so I can call my order in while I am driving there!These are 100% traditional street tacos, the same kind you will find on the streets of Mexico. I always get the same thing, either 3 tongue tacos, or 1 burrito de lengua (tongue burrito). If you are not so adventurous, they have less intimidating options like  al pastor, Asada, and chicken. I prefer the burritos and love them because they press them on the flat top after rolling them so they are nice and crunchy on the outside. They also have all sorts of Jarrito flavors (Mexican Sodas) which are nice and sweet and pair really well with their spicy sauces.You can get stuff to go, but there are also some benches at the front of Compare and 3 or 4 stools are the truck. This is my go-to taco/burrito spot in Charlotte. Don't forget to tip these guys, they are in a hot truck serving you delicious food for 11 hours a day and they deserve it, also they will remember it for next time and hook you up!
4	This an authentic Mexican taco stand out of an immobile truck! All cooked to order and pretty tasty.  I love the spicy green salsa there. Also the quesedillas are great. Tacos at 1.75 per. I think quesedillas are about 5 or 6 bucks.
2	I might just be spoiled but I was definitely disappointed with their food. I thought with such a high rating, I would have been blown away. Yeah, no.I ordered a chicken burrito and tripe tacos. And overall, it was just okay. It didn't blow me away. If I was grocery shopping and starving, I might eat here but really probably no.The chicken burrito was a decent size and had lots of filling but it was just okay. The seasoning didn't do much for me and was actually bland for my liking.The tripe tacos were also just okay. Nothing that made my tongue dance in my mouth and the tripe was a little chewy. It could have been cooked longer in my opinion.
