5	yes and yes. i went here recently with a girlfriend and her boyfriend for some Rock 'n Bowl action. i hadn't been to a bowling alley on the weekend for about...10 years?wow, have they stepped it up a notch. no longer is it black lights, disco lights and bad alt rock. now they have huge, drop down screens that play videos of top 40s while you bowl - and i dont know about you, but justin timberlake really helps me work on my 65 average.tip: the bud light bottles that are shaped like bowling pins seem like a fun idea, but - guy or girl - it is totally inappropriate to drink out of a bottle shaped like that, and you will feel ridiculous trying to do so.
4	So, I was presented the option of bowling or billiards.  Having been recently humbled on the pool table I decided bowling was a safe bet.  I mean let's face it.  Bowling is one of the many things in life I suck at, but I always have a good time and even though I do it rarely I always tell myself I'm going to do it just a little more often.When I saw her walking up with her cute little pink and black bowling shoes I knew I was in trouble.  Yes yelpers, I got smoked, spanked, clobbered.  She wiped the lane with me.  Even worse, the 9 pound balls at the lane were pink, so she was color coordinated while she was kicking my ass.  But who's kidding who here? I kinda liked it.One difficult thing here, is that contrary to most bowling alleys I've been to, the balls are a little hard to find.  There are two racks on the North side filled with 8s and 9s.  Then there's a pile of racks over by the pool tables on the south end of the building that are a little trickier to locate.  But they can't be that hard to find, because well, I found them.  Also, if you're reading this, I just told you where they are so they should be easy to find now right?Eager to redeem myself, we tried the basketball game.  You know the one, the simulated time free throw job.  She went first, and I watched her.  She was good, but she was using the backboard a lot.  I felt good about this.  I stepped up, Lobbed the first two and then I hit my stride.  I'd figured out my arc, I got the spin down.  Here we go, swish, swish, swish.  "Hey!" I thought to myself "I'm actually doing a good jo." But at that exact moment, my luck ran out.  Brick, Brick, Brick.  I managed to get my zen back and recovered my streak, but it was all over.  Girl brought game, and I did not.Next, we tried the pool table that wasn't in the bar.  If you're picky, you'll be unhappy to know that the felt had a few good sized craters in it.  I'm not good enough to be picky.  I made a better showing here, but in the end my friend won again. I ruled at Air Hockey, but something tells me she may have let me win. ;)  Either way I don't care.  I had a blast here and will definitely come by again.  The staff was friendly but busy.  I didn't try the bar but if I ever  do  I'll let you know how it is.
5	Village Lanes is a great bowling experience.  This bowling center is clean, the staff is helpful, friendly, and attentive.  Recently renovated, the cleanliness of Village Lanes cannot be understated, because I am sure most people have had the dirty bowling center experience, and it can turn a fun family night into a seedy experience.  Village Lanes has a nice snack center and bar-lounge area; it could be great for birthday parties.  Cheers!
4	Tucked behind an unassuming Denny's location and right off of the 60 freeway, a slumbering testament to American sporting lurks.Every other Thursday my friends and I descend on the Village Lanes to drink frosty beverages and be rowdy, and Village Lanes always welcomes us with open arms.For the weary, I can confirm that the lanes are clean, sufficiently oiled and staffed by a crew of mostly hospitable individuals. Sometimes the bartender is a little too friendly with my gal pals, but he's gotta hustle those tips somehow I suppose. Sometimes, but not always, there is someone who walks around to the lanes to check on patrons. You can order beer from this employee (and should tip!), making the sometimes long wait at the bar a long forgotten bad dream. Plus you won't make your friends wait while you're belly up to a less than expedient bar.As you would expect there is a snack bar that serves all manner of oil dipped products to satisfy your deep fried cravings. From second accounts the food served is average for bowling lanes, things are prepared as ordered but there is nothing above and beyond to note. In the business of bowling food, I would say this is a positive. If only for the sheer fact that sometimes food at bowling lanes is abysmal.Games are just shy of $5 before 9pm and a fraction of that past 9pm in the realm of $1.50 or so. If interested in picking up more than one lane I would suggest arriving before 9pm as business sometimes picks up when the discount price is in effect. Shoe rentals are also just shy of $5. If going in a large group you can do separate checks for all parties that bowl. No worries on trying to use 7 different cards and a smattering of cash to settle your end of the night tab.The restrooms have always been in good order when I've needed to *ahem* make use. No truckstop like conditions here, thankfully. The arcade appears to be in working order though I've rarely seen people putting it to use, I leave this detail ambiguous.Hope to see you at the lanes and happy bowling! Steeeeeeeerike!
5	Almost every Sunday morning, my boyfriend and I go bowling at Tempe Village Lanes.  About a year ago, my boyfriend asked me if I wanted to go bowling.  Up until that time, I had only bowled 5 times my entire life.  He; however, had been on leagues before, but since moving to AZ, he hadn't gone in quite awhile.  My first go around was awful.  I think I bowled a 60 or 70.  But I'm a persistent gal and I continued to go with him.  And now I bowl about a 130.  Anyway, we go Sunday mornings because they have an awesome deal.  It is $1.69 a game if you start bowling between the hours of 11 a.m. and 1 p.m.  That's a smoking deal considering games typically run about $4.25 a game.  Shoe rentals are also a bit pricey, but I don't worry about that anymore.  I bought my own shoes for $35 and because we go so often, its worth the investment.It is easy to get a lane on Sunday mornings and a great way to spend time with your significant other and/or your family.  If you are at Tempe Village Lanes, I am most likely there in the a.m.  Drop by and say hello!
3	My company rented the place out for a little team building politcal bs awards...thing. ANYWAY, the bowling was actually really fun! Staff was very helpful as we "dumbies" tried to enter our names into a screen, they also put up bumpers (yeah, you heard me) and got those metal ramp things for the little tiny kids to roll their balls down. Everyone had a good time.By, oh....11 am we were in desperate need of energy drinks. They only had Amp behind the bar and they were 5 frickin' bucks but we were deperate. Although it was a corporate business event, it was apparent they hadn't pre-selected any music for the video screen-but that said, they had a really cool video screen! I did hear some ACDC but I heard way more of Pitbull, Lil Wayne, Ray Ray and some other randoms that I don't know. "I put ON fo my city-ON ON fo my city!" Way too much Michael Jackson in my opinion but whatever. It was cool that you could request songs. I don't know if this is all the time though. The "EXTREME" bowling was fun with the lights and glow-in-the dark neon. I felt like I was in a club-ony with a bunch of other losers that were bowling! Fun place. I won free games so I guess I am going back!
4	The Village Lanes is right off 60 and Rural, behind the Dennys.This is one of the few bowling alleys that is both clean on the outside and on the inside. The building is well lit inside and has numerous lanes to bowl. If you're coming with a large group, talk to the staff about specials they can offer you for the game(s), shoes etc in a combo package. You may end up saving a bit of money this way. The packages can includes soda, popcorn and pizza (if you wish to eat).There is a bar/lounge if you want to drink with a pool table. Tthere is also video games to play.Plenty of bowling balls to choose from in different colors.If you're having a party/event, you can bring cake/cookies/cupcakes, Other outside food is not allowed.A fun place to go with family or friends.
4	Nice bowling alley.  I liked it alot and the staff was very helpful when we could not figure stuff out!  The flatscreens with the score were nice and the animation of Pros were a nice upgrade. We came when their was a deal which was nice.  Thursday- 5 buck cover and free shoes,dollar games, popcorn, beer, and hot dogs all night.... all I gotta say it\s that I did my damage!  The set up for finding a v\ball was far nicer than any other alley I have been to!  Very out of thew way and easy to find what you need!Very well lit alley with a fun atmosphere!
3	We went for a girlfriends birthday party, and had a party of about 14 or so people.  They had the $1.00 mania thing, where you pay $5.00 for the wristband, and everything is $1.00.  This includes games, shoe rentals, hot dogs, popcorn, draft beer etc.  It was a decent deal, but I thought it could have included more food options.  They service was decent.  We had a good time.
4	I really like bowling and I really really enjoy "extreme bowling".  I love the flashing lights, great music, etc. etc.  AMF Tempe is the only place I have ever extreme bowled so I can't compare it to anywhere else.  I went a lot during high school 15 years ago, but haven't gone back in many many years.  It is WAY better now.  Better music, upgraded computer things, nicer lanes, huge screens for music videos, etc.  Its all pretty nice and an excellent extreme bowling experience.  The crowd is still a bit sketchy but everyone was there to have a good time so no complaints there.  The staff is also excellent and pretty friendly.It looked like they had decent beer specials and what looked to be decent bar type food.  I didn't get anything but I wouldn't mind eating, drinking and bowling the night away sometime in the future.I went last night (Saturday) and it was $18 per person including shoe rental and all-you-can-bowl from 10pm until 1am.  Not really too bad of a deal if you stay there all 3 hours (which I didn't because I'm old now).  My group got there at about 9:40 right before a mad rush of people came in so my advice is to get there 20mins ahead of time to avoid standing in line forever.  They also take reservations so that may come in handy.
1	The price of bowling wasn't bad; the food was WAY over priced. They charged my organization $11/person for pizza and soda. It was a giant rip off. That was worth $6-7 tops. Overall, I wouldn't recommend them. Not worth the price we had to pay.
3	Dude, it's a bowling alley. And it SURE AIN'T LUCKY STRIKE. However, it's suitable for what your needs are. They have a bar with friendly bartenders. And they have friendly attendants at the shoe place and at the lanes. So, would I go again and bowl here? Sure. Would I plan my next birthday party here? Probably not. It's a great central location for everyone to get to in a nice little strip mall. Happy bowling, ya'll.
4	I know this is an old bowling location, but I always have so much fun when I'm here! Bowling is a fun event for all ages and what's great about this location is how clean it is! Bathrooms are amazing, lanes are maintained, and sitting areas are clean too. If you aren't familiar with bowling alleys, then I'm going to give you a heads up - you don't got there for the food. I mean it's about the same quality as Domino's Pizza just to give you an idea.Smoke-free environment means I can walk out of this place with clear eyes and breathing great. Come and have some fun next time you feel the need to roll some balls down a lane or two.
2	Bleh. Too noisy and not enough good beer. There weren't even fun animations on the scoreboard. Most of the music SUCKED. At least it was clean.
5	I have not been bowling in 24 years,so you can imagine i was worried. But, this place is clean and fresh. On certain nights,(Monday)and a few others you pay a $5.00 cover charge,then everything is $1.00 .Food ,drinks , games and most important bowling games. The instructions were easy. We got shoes in our size then went and picked out a ball. Lots to choose from! Lots of fun!!!   It was a $20.00 night for 2 of us. The workers are very helpful and Friendly. Bathrooms were also clean. I did not see them spray the shoes with Lysol so that was a little gross.But, other than that it was a great time.
4	I come here every Thursday to bowl with friends. I am not on a league or anything, just some guys tossing balls down the lane.The staff is cool (they better be cool since we come every week AND bring people with us). The bar is fairly decent and so is the kitchen. The lanes are nice.The Bad:I like to consider myself somewhat serious. I am not the best bowler by any means. However, since this location is close to ASU it seems to attract the jock-straps who think it is cool to shot-put a 6lb ball half way down the lane at 35mph. I cannot stand this. Not only does it fawk up my concentration but it damages the lanes. Besides, it makes you look like a douche (well maybe not to your plastic girlfriend).Overall, permitting I can get in a lane far away from the McDouches, I have a good time... alone or with a party.
5	Returned to celebrate my son's birthday here again, and Wow!  Really impressed with the facility, SERVICE, and the whole experience.  My wife and I signed our son up for a birthday event (12 kids, 2 pizzas, sodas, etc..) we got all that and so much more.  From the moment we arrived to the end we had great service from Samantha who refrigerated the cake, served the food, took queues from us throughout, and in general brought everything we forgot to bring.  Phew!  Plates, forks for pizza (and clean ones for cake)... I can't compliment Samantha enough and her colleagues at AMF Tempe Village Lanes.  Before it ever started they gave us classy invitations, envelopes galore, thank you cards, and cute goodie bags.  Wow - AMF really made this classy and easy for 2 very busy parents.  Needed this help with all that's going on besides the birthday event (before and after).Our son received a shiny new bowling pin that all his friends signed w/ a Sharpie (again provided by AMF Tempe Village Lanes - included in the package deal).  Balloons!!  Birthday jam music even played over the loud speaker EXACTLY when the cake was served.  Our son's name APPEARED on the screen and birthday wishes to him  scrolled across the overhead scoreboard/screens across all 4 lanes they gave us!  Folks were very nice about pulling up the bumpers on the lanes when we got to the-silly-stage of bowling and it took pressure off the kids that still find bowling awkward (no more gutter balls).  We had a blast.  A/C was great.  It was a Sunday late morning event.  Plenty of room and fantastic service.  We'll be back to bowl and back to celebrate. Zero regrets!  Thanks AMF.  We had a blast; HIGHLY RECOMMEND parents strongly consider a bowling party at AMF Tempe Village Lanes even if you or your kids aren't serious bowlers (we aren't; we just like fun stuff).  Proud Poppa
3	Clean but a little too family oriented for me. There are always kids and even though I request not be to near their lanes we always end up by them. Beer selection is decent, the remodel looks nice. Animations on the screens are bizarre. Go on Sunday for DOLLAR MANIA, including $1 PBR pours.
4	pretty fun and nice upkept place to bowl. no reason to not go there, except the occasional drunk from ASU or guys with girlfriends trying to be hard.
5	Fun place to go to.
1	Another place I'd like to give a negative star review.For starters, the lanes have entirely too much oil. I mean like, my ball towel was saturated before the night was over, and I didn't even play 3 entire games.We were there sure a fundraiser, and entry was to include a pizza, and a pitcher of soda.Realizing most of the other bowlers had already received, and consumed their pies, I inquired as to the location of ours, only to be informed that it had already been brought. Funny, nobody told me, or my hungry children.The manager seemed quite displeased to be asked to provide us the pizza we were owed, and finally, begrudgingly, brought three measly slices. I asked if that was all we got, and he said "All the pizza have been brought out"Dude, we DIDN'T GET OURS!Whatever, they were just barely doing what they had to.I would never voluntarily return there on my own, but I would probably go back if I was invited there.For the record, I prefer Brunswick lanes over AMF, and I prefer small establishments, rather than large corporate ventures.
4	This was the perfect place to spend a Tuesday night on our spring training trip this year. It was $56 for 6 guys for unlimited bowling until they closed and shoes. Not bad. They of course sold food and drinks at this place, we purchased 6 pitchers of beer while we were there.The place was fairly crowded with people of all ages, including families with small children.And this is the bowling alley they used in Bill and Ted's Excellent Adventure, so how cool is that?We will add this place to our rotation of things to do from now on for future spring training trips.
1	Went for cosmic bowling last week and had fun despite how bad this place was. I would never go back here. Avoid this place.Yes, they had balls, lanes and pins. I suppose if you really like bowling and don't have any of your five senses, you would be fine... but then you really shouldn't be bowling anyway! yikes! ;-) Let's start at the beginning... slow staff at the registers (fun tip: three people up there and only one working always pisses off a line of waiting customers)... on to the darkest cosmic bowling I've ever seen where our scores dropped in half from when we started with the lights on to when cosmic kicked in and we could no longer see the lanes (it was not cool, it was almost too difficult to be fun unless you only hit 3 pins on average in which case you won't see a difference)... through the schizophrenic music playlist going from hip hop to country to dubstep all in succession throttling our brains like some misguided scientific experiment... to the worst part of ALL which was the self promoting commercials interrupting every three songs at a LOUDER volume than the songs themselves. It was like being stuck in a TV without Tivo and it was horrible AND awkward. Stop trying to hawk popcorn so hard! I'm not paying to get commercials all night. It was appalling.
3	I like Tempe Village lanes because it's so close to home so I can go there to unwind with some friends, a cold pitcher of beer and a couple games of bowling and still have plenty for a cab home.The staff has always been very friendly and helpful in getting setup with a lane and shoes.  If its busy and you have lane troubles you might have to wait a few minutes to get someone to fix the issue.The food is typical bar fare food (don't expect too many healthy items!), but then again you're not going to a bowling alley for premium organic foods either.I have bowled on virtually every lane due to 2 years in a bowling league there and I can say that the 3rd & 4th lanes always seemed to cause the ball to behave oddly.  I think the lanes are a little warped.  Occasionally, they've oiled up the lanes way too much so you may not get much desired movement on your ball.
4	Fun bowling alley, cosmic bowling always a blast, very friendly and helpful staff and bartender!
4	This was a VERY nice bowling alley. I was most impressed that they had a full food counter. I haven't been bowling since high school in Warren, and that bowling alley was a hole. Overall, I had a lot of fun with my family, and would go back.
3	Pros - decent bowling alley food, full bar, doesn't smell like smoke, cheapCons - the clienteleIf you aren't bothered by people being clueless about bowling etiquette (waiting your turn, not hanging around/roughhousing on the bowling platform) or toddlers running around at midnight bowling, then this is the place for you.
5	All I have to say is this............ $8.00 for all you can bowl from 11am-5pm during the week.  And that includes shoe rental!  Yes, and I repeat........$8.00 for all you can bowl including shoe rental!We had a blast!  We had the bowling alley to ourselves for the first 10 minutes or so.  My wife kicked my ass in 3/5 games.  It was fun times.  The workers there were extremely friendly and helpful too.  Can't get much better than this place!
4	This is not a new bowling alley by any means... But I do love the way they keep their lanes.  Pretty much always in tip top shape and the house balls are always in pretty good shape too.  Don't go to Dave and Busters for Bowling - the place to go is AMF
2	I come here once every few months for a fun night of bowling and usually all is fine.  Last night left me pretty annoyed.  I walked in and was the only person in line, yet it still managed to take three people behind the bar over 5 minutes to simply ring me up.  This isn't a one time thing either, the front desk is always painfully slow with employees literally just standing around.  We got to our lane and realized ours was one of the only ones with no fun lights; there were also no screens playing videos like there usually are for cosmic bowling.  Just seemed really cheap and sad. The kicker was the pizza.  We put an order in at the food counter for a supreme pizza, and they said when it was done they would bring it to our lane.  That was at 11pm.  At around 11:45 we started getting really hungry and couldn't imagine what could possibly take so long.  I went to the bartender and asked if he could see what was going on with the pizza.....yeah...apparently the food guy just decided not to make it.  Awesome.  So we reorder it around 11:50.  We keep waiting and waiting, and I finally go back up to the bartender (pissed at this point) and ask what in the world is taking so long?!?!  Turns out the pizza is done, but is just sitting on the rack while the food worker is sitting and talking to his buddies.  We finally get our pizza at almost 12:30am.  We actually had to take a box with us because we didn't have enough time to eat it there.  After all that they told us they would take half the price off the pizza....are you kidding me?!?  I think in the end they took care of the whole thing but still it was just ridiculous. I should have had some choice words with the manager.And the real kicker about the pizza is that it made both my roommate and I sick.  I'll come back here probably only for beer and bowling simply because it's a really convenient location; but I will never order food here again.
4	I haven't really gone bowling much so I don't have any previous experiences to judge this against. Anyway! I had a lot of fun. We didn't arrive during the unlimited time slot unfortunately. We paid about $9 for one hour ($14 if we wanted two). We put in a reservation for two lanes and got them pretty quick. Wahoo! Even though we had to wait a bit longer for the rest of our party to arrive, there were no problems getting our lanes and our full hour.The facility was clean and cool, and the lounge/game areas provided that neat arcade atmosphere that I always enjoy. They had a good selection of bowling balls of varying finger sizes and weight. The smaller sizes seemed a bit sparse, though, so best claim your ball while you can! Also, the scoring TV had some pretty funny sequences, so that provided us with a few chuckles.There were a few minor quibbles. In the beginning, our lane neighbors had a party of 20 or something and awkwardly kept putting their bowling balls in our holding area. They eventually stopped, so no staff intervention was needed. Our balls also got stuck in the back of the pin area, but we were given 15 minutes in compensation for the wait time. So that was good!If I was invited to a bowling outing again to this location, I would not be averse to it!
3	I have been to this location on and off over the years.  All in all, it isn't a bad place to come.  The common areas are usually pretty clean and they have a decent bar setup.  The food is ok, pretty standard fare for a bowling alley.I have come here a few times for work functions and we never have any issues with the lanes or the allotted time for bowling.  I would say that sometimes it can be a little slow when it comes to the employees helping out but not to the point of really griping about it.  Overall, it's a decent place to come and bowl and is conveniently located next to the freeway.
5	I love this place! Great beer specials and cool drinks. I like how they have lighter bowling balls with bigger finger holes for the ladies. The service is great and people are friendly too. Perfect place for a bowling date or even just some good old fashioned family fun. Whatever the case may be I recommend this place to all my friends! $8 dollars shoe rental and all you can bowl during the week!
3	I had fun at this bowling alley. They had music videos playing and I was dancing in between my turns to bowl. I am not a very good bowler though and I think it was a little expensive. I have a Wii at home that I can bowl on for free and I have a much higher score. :) I know it's not the same. That's just a video game. But I understand they have upkeep costs and such. I did have to rent bowling shoes and borrow a bowling ball, but that's typical. Nothing extra, really. I spent $26 for two people to each rent a pair of shoes and bowl two games. I guess I'm behind in the times, but didn't bowling used to cost a few bucks a game? But enough about that. They have a good selection when it comes to bowling balls. I usually need a lighter ball like a 6 or 7-pounder, and they had ton of those weights available. If you work up an appetite or are thirsty while bowling, there is a bar and a snack bar. Next time, my goal is to break 70! HAHA I said I'm not very good!
3	What I liked: * music videos playing on screens* dark lights* price included 2 hrs bowling, shoes, and small popcorn* balls organized by weight* pool tablesWhat could make it better:* more comfortable seating* better / updated monitors * food and bev service offered at the lanes (rather than going to the bar)* properly working air hockeyA fun place to share a pitcher of beer and bowl. It's not the best I've been to, but it's not the worst either.
4	This place is pretty chill and relaxing ! I have been here twice and the last time I was here they had glow in the dark bowling which is pretty awesome ! The environment is cozy, the staff is friendly !
1	Most ridiculous experience ever! Not to mention that they wouldn't let a 22 year old with a California use his own ID to purchase a pitcher of beer! The manager was totally disrespectful in the entire process, most likely because she was pregnant.
5	Stopped in for some bowling on a Saturday afternoon. They offer a flat rate for 2 hours with shoes - only $5 for the deal on Sunday (wishing we would have come a day later). The lanes are great - nice big lounge couches behind. They were starting to turn the lights off for the evening bowling while were were there. They had music videos (all from the 80's unfortunately) playing on big screens behind the lanes. Lots of options at their snack shack and big bar area. Would highly recommend!
4	Love this place!  I actually used to go bowling here in junior high once a week, but I haven't been in years.  They have upgraded the inside since my junior high days. :)  We went for the Tuesday night $2 bowling and shoe rental special!  After 8pm on Tuesdays you can get $2 games and a shoe rental for $2, which is a great deal!  We had a wonderful time and didn't have to wait very long for a lane.  They also have beer and food specials if you are so inclined.  We will definitely return!
4	I was so happy with my latest experience at tempe lanes! Brian the bartender was so attentive and personable to my group! He really made sure we taken care of. I recommend it for groups! Awesome!
2	Ok I am new to bowling. I got into it because I have a lot of time on my hands and was going crazy not having much to do. So I am far from good. I am laid back. I just want to have fun. So I really came into this not expecting much. When I started a few months ago I noticed they were just beginning some construction. I though to be fair I will give them time to do that, then I will give them some time to adjust.Well my game has gotten a bit better. My ultimate goal is to join a FUN relaxed league, but not until I can be more consistent. My health issues probably mean I will never be a 200 bowler. But if I am going to be a 165, I want to be a 165 more times than not. I want my team to know what they are getting.This place got a bit better. They painted the outside in HUGE words, BOWL... it is still hard to see from the road but hey we all got GPS right? It is hidden behind a Denny's and because of freeway access there is only one sort of hard way to get there if you come from the North. They painted the inside snack bar to look like a old style RV. Cute, I got no issue with it. Here is my issue. They have done NOTHING to fix the service they provide. First off they don't open until 2pm! Most days I am sitting at home (less than a mile away) counting the minutes until I can go. REALLY 2pm??? STRIP JOINTS open earlier! (So I have been told.) So once you are there, plan to wait. Most afternoons there are few bowlers. Maybe 10 - 12. But there is ONE worker! ONE!!! One to answer the phones, fix issues, take money, serve drinks, unclog toilets and all the other things that happen. I do not blame the workers. There was one girl Kayla, she was good. She busted her butt to make it work. I have not seen her in a while and they need her back BAD!!!!Today I just sat at the counter waiting to see if anyone would ever help me. I even called from my cell phone to see if that would make them come, it didn't. So I waited and waited and waited. A guy came in after me and he started searching. He found the guy and the manager having a break in the snack bar. I am sorry the lady manager or shift lead, she is nice. Not rude. Not mean. Just sort of useless. She tried to push larger drinks on me. But heaven forbid she do anything constructive I will fall down in shock. Today the radar that measures your throw wasn't working. The kid next to me showed me how hard he had to look for a ball that wan't beat to crap. The 2 he got were still bad. I told him that is why I went and got a cheap one at Bowl 300 next door. When the place is busy good luck finding one that doesn't look like a driving range golf ball.So maybe I am being too hard? You get 2 hours for 10 bucks in the afternoon. GOOD DEAL. I mean heck a movie is that much anymore. I am just disappointed. Maybe it is the lack of another option near by. They just feel like a used car lot where they are slapping minor fixes on a car that needs a engine rebuild. They place has great potential. I am crossing my fingers. Maybe they will wake up soon?!?!
