4	Great New Gas station and convenience store on a very busy intersection so there is easy access from both streets. The pumps work fine, and great grand opening specials,  especially $. 49 large drinks.
5	My all time favorite gas station. Many great tasting beverages to quench your thirst. Friendly staff
5	I just dig this station and store. The gas is the same price as all the other stations near by most of the time and because it is new, it is pretty darn clean. The staff has always been friendly to me and the layout and variety inside are pretty great. They have the little coffee cafe stand thing in there with doughnuts, ice cream bars, lots of variety of snacks, chips and beer as well as fruit at the register. Also...FREE air for your tires. Probably should not give that away, but since air IS free and should also be for your tires, figured I would share. Should not have to pay for that.
5	I stopped here for the rumored free air. Which held true. The air pump worked fine although it did not have a pressure gauge. Once I went inside the store to purchase a true pressure gauge, I was pleased to find that the store was very well put together and organized. I received customer service from the minute I walked through the door. The store had more than enough staff to cover any influx of customers. Wish there was more of these stores up north.
5	I must say wow!!! This has got to be the cleanest and most friendly gas station I have ever been to! The sec you walk into the store you are greeted with a smile. They really make you feel comfortable in here not to mention if you like coffee they have very one known to man in here. 6 stars if I could!
4	Clean and cheap, this is the gold standard for gas stations and convenience stores in the Charlotte area. Wide pump area, lots of room for getting around other cars, plenty of parking. Inside, great choices for coffee and fixings, lots of eats and other drinks, all neatly arranged. And my favorite, a cashier that has a smile and understands the English language. Yay!Now if it was just 18 cents per gallon cheaper because of the higher North Carolina gas taxes, I'd be set!
