4	This is an ultra busy store, I am guessing more so now that all the other CSC have closed within a 10 mile radius. Staff is always very helpful with suggestions and the cakes they make are incredible delicious in addition to being gorgeous!  Not a place to sit and talk, take your treat to go and enjoy the areas within Blakeney because the volume inside is LOUD and seems to be a magnet for shrieking children who are beside themselves that they are getting ice cream--or so it seems when we are in there. Try their cupcakes--it is a heavenly combination of cake and ice cream in a cute presentation!
5	I was debating whether to give Cold Stone a 4-star or 5-star, but what really set it apart for me was one specific visit. My mom wanted a caramel apple with just white chocolate, which they didn't have. The store manager (who works behind the counter a lot) took it upon herself to make a fresh caramel apple just with the white chocolate, as well as slice it for my mom. That's what I call going above and beyond, very very good in my books.The ice cream is also really good. The Birthday Cake Remix (sweet cream with brownie, hot fudge, sprinkle) is to die for, it's delicious. Other Signature Creations they have also sound delicious, and I'd probably try about 80% of them (a lot of times the Signature Creations at places just seem bad to me). The ice cream is so creamy, and that's what makes good ice cream.The inside of the store is really nothing great. It's clean, but very small. It's small because it doesn't need to be big--right behind it is the Park at Blakeney, which features live music and a playground, so seating out there is plentiful. Fantastic location.Overall, if you're ready to indulge, I'd give Cold Stone a try. If you're looking for a healthier option, though, TCBY is just a few stores down, and is also delicious.
3	Don't know what happened to Cold Stone - I guess it's that everyone figured out the whole thing about having a cold stone/marble slab in the store isn't really that unique any more, so it's not that much of a draw, and that shut down the wow-factor. But it is still some tasty ice cream, and the staff here is friendly.As has already been said, you just have to deal with the crowds. The secret to that is to go in the winter, when no one else is there. Best time to eat ice cream.
5	We went here the other night and it was great.  I got cheesecake ice cream with oreos mixed in in a cone.  This was the first time I had a cone from Cold Stone and it was really yummy.  I loved the combo I ordered - everything was perfect!
5	Located at Blakeney on the side with most of the restaurants, this was a great little stop after an enjoyable dinner at Greco just a few doors down.After a meh milkshake from Marble last week, I needed an ice cream place to redeem my faith in ice cream places and not send me scurrying to the golden arches for a milkshake.  Cold Stone came through tonight!  A Cake Batter milkshake, mixed perfectly and overflowing out of the cup was creamy and delicious.  It was $5 for a small, but whatever - it's not like I have one every day.  While waiting for my shake to blend, I saw they they had a candy counter full of chocolatey treats - truffles, mints, nut clusters, turtles, chocolate covered Oreos (hello), I was like a fat kid in a candy store (instead of a fat spinster in a candy store).  I also purchased 2 pecan clusters, which were good.  Not the best or the worst I have ever had, but seemingly fresh with creamy chocolate.  On the other side of the case were several varieties of chocolate/candy apples and chocolate covered strawberries - beautifully done and there was definitely a *wow* to those treats (apples are healthy, right?).In a freezer case as you walk in were full cakes, ice cream cupcakes and such.  I was impressed with this little store.  Clean, very friendly and attentive staff, well stocked with lots of different treat choices.  I thought I was just walking into an ice cream shop, but it is so much more.  As I am trying the surrounding restaurants, I will definitely make Cold Stone a post-meal stop.  Excellent!
5	absolutely amazzziiinngggg!!!! best cakes and or ice cream you could possibly find around here.. nobody else compares
