4	Pizzeria de Enzo is a small little pizzeria on the casino level floor of The Venetian in Las Vegas.  Their slices are like a true New York style of pizza-- large, thin crusts with a variety of toppings.  It's a great place for a quick tasty bite.
3	If you're in The Venetian and you need a quick bite, the pizza here just may be right up your alley. It's located right off the main casino floor, near the front registration desk. It's nestled in a small food court.Th slices are pricey, will likely run you $5+ (more money if you add toppings or get specialty slices). The day I was there I had 2 slices: mushroom and pepperoni and a two cheese/basil combo. Both were thin and were heated up in their oven. Overall I enjoyed them, but for $12.97 - man, they better have tasted good!Comparable to Secret Pizza @ Cosmo, but definitely lacking. The tastes are about the same, with Secret PIzza winning by a hair. However, Secret Pizza's prices are obviously much more friendly than this little pizzeria. And for those not interested in pizza, they do serve other Italian dishes, which appeared to me to look dissatisfying to say the least.
3	Little pizza place in the Venetian between the entranceto the elevators to the hotel rooms and the walkway to themain check-in desk. I ended up getting a quick bite to eathere because it was very convenient. It's still Vegas prices but at least it was never too crowded. Also, free wi-fi here. I had to do some work on my trip (yeah - even in Vegas) and there is one table here that actually has an electrical outlet right next to it so you can hang out for a while and plug in a laptop if need be. The wi-fi connection here was actually pretty good and I could connect to my employer's VPN without much of a problem. I would even say it was better than the connection in my room which they actually charge for.    So I got breakfast here - eggs, sausage, french toast for a reasonable price. Also lunch - usually several Sicilian pizzaslices and a drink. Decent pizzas - not the best I ever had butdefinitely hit the spot. You can charge it to your room (if you'restaying at the Venetian) so that's a plus. Also, if you face the casino while sitting at the tables it's great for people-watching.
4	Great place to get pizza in the Venetian.  It's located just around the corner from the main lobby.  Pizza slices are New York style - thin crust, but huge slice.  Single topping is about $5 per slice.At first, it seems like a let down because you think you are going to get a slice of pizza that has been sitting under the heat lamp all day.  But once you order, they pull a piece out and heat it up in the pizza oven for a few minutes.Good service and good quality, I would eat there again.
1	I don't expect much from food that I'm getting from a food court. But even with my lowered expectations, I was still disappointed. I ordered spaghetti. I LOVE spaghetti. Even cheap food court spaghetti. But the spaghetti here was not satisfying at all. The sauce was practically flavorless and was too diluted - not the slightest bit chunky at all. I ended up only eating half of it and tossing the rest. And I only ate that much of it because I was STARVING and needed something in my stomach before heading out for the night.One plus - you get a side with your order. I opted for the Caesar salad, which was decent. You can't really mess that up too bad can you?Vegas prices, so expect to shell out a few more bucks for something you would normally get for cheaper elsewhere.Maybe I should have just been safe and gone with the pizza.
3	I stopped here because I had no choice and I was quiet pleased. I ordered a large pizza and it was about 30$s the pizza was big and greasy just like any other pizza only difference is that it is located in the Venetian.
1	Food ok...customer service crappy. very pushy even when no one is in line. will not be going back.
4	Staying at the Palazzo, this was tooooooo conveniently located not to go after a night at the clubs. Especially when Asian Noodle closes at 3am and Pizzeria de Enzo is open 24 hours.Garlic knots and pizza by the slice at 3am? Tooooooo clutch. TOO CLUTCH. Knots were great and crust of the pizza was delicious.Came back when I was sober on another Vegas trip and the knots were just as good, crust of the pizza though was eh.After going their drunk and sober *drum roll*: Drunk, 5 stars for. Sober, 3. #Shocker
