2	I think I maybe spoiled after continuously shopping at the salvation army down the street from here, BUT the prices are rediculous! I could find something at the Salvation or Saver with just as good quality for half the price. As soon as I thought I had a keeper, I looked at the price and gasped. Really?!? $9-15 for something I would pay $3-7 at the most? I must be spoiled. The selection at this new location was not impressive for my taste. I like finding gems, crazy cool vintage finds or something with cool patterns I could alter around for myself. I found nothing of the sort. I feel my hopes and expectations were set too high for this place being that I'm a thrift junkie and it's soo close to my area, but to sum it up in two words: over priced, comes to mind.Since the store was brand new, it was extremely clean and organized. Bathrooms were clean. Other than that, nothing impressed me and unless they drop their prices, I don't think I'll ever find my way back.To confirm my disappointment, I felt compelled to stop by Savers and check out their prices. After spending an hour peeling through clothes, I was satisfies with the $15 spent there.
3	This place isn't too bad, found an awesome Donkey Kong t-shirt in the men's section. There seems to be more selection for men then there are for women. Not much on shoe selection. Doesn't smell stuffy and musty like most thrift stores, at least not yet...
4	Of course I love Goodwill!!This new location is very well laid out and most importantly STILL CLEAN!!The selection is average for a Goodwill Store with with same specials and pricing as other locations. The racks are packed with great items :)Most importantly, the staff is is VERY helpful and courteous.This is my new fav Goodwill in Vegas
4	This store was a great find as we found a lot more than what we came for! The reason we came to the Goodwill to shop is that we needed a suit and shirt for my boyfriend's costume for Halloween. We are going as Zombie bride and groom and he needed clothes that we could ruin with lots of stage blood etc etc so something cheap we can toss after.Wow we found all sorts of great stuff on the shelves jam packed! Lots of Halloween stuff, wigs, fishnet stockings, makeup, costumes, decorations, etc. We got an awesome life size green skull wax candle 2.99, a nice brand new wireless computer keyboard and wireless mouse set 6.99, a bad ass brand new Jimi Hendrix framed picture for the wall 12.00, a complete blue men's business suit 6.99 and a white collared shirt like new for 4.00.The low prices are fantastic and the selection is great. I wanted everything as we were like a kid in a candy store!!!We will be back to see what they get in on a weekly basis!Great big clean and bright location.The staff is helpful, sweet and friendly!
4	Scored my whole Jem costume here, out of used clothes!It's a little "lower rent" than Savers, the quality is not quite as nice and the organization is...well..abysmal, but if you have the patience to search for things your size, you may find some real gems in there :DPS: they seem to have discount days a lot : bring in your Albertsons receipt and get 25% off...teachers and students discount days, military ID days. call em and ask!
3	Maybe I should check back here, but when I went the store was a disorganized mess. I completely understand some larges getting mixed in the medium section, but each the clearly labeled size and clothing category signs were apparently just suggestions. There were multiple size 20 pants in the size medium sweater section, and women's jackets in the men's knitted shirts section. Size 0 to 8 pants were throughout the large pants section, breaking my heart when I found an awesome pair of pants in size 2 that I thought were size 12 for a moment. The entire clothing area was like this.It could be that I just caught them on a bad day. I did manage to find two shirts in nearly new condition (mediums in the large section of course), so the visit wasn't a waste.As for the condition of the store, it's fairly new so the dressing rooms were clean, as were the restrooms. The parking lot is also large enough, and I didn't have any trouble finding a place to park on a Thursday afternoon.
4	Quick . Usually a pretty Busy location.
4	Great store to find used, vintage clothes for whatever the occasion. Need a used coffee maker? GW's got you covered. Need used video equipment from 1970? GW's got your back. Looking for gently used Jesus awesomeness including, but not limited to: figurines, costumes, books, ties, socks, furniture, candles, glasses, or gloves? GW is there for you!
3	Call me Macklemore 'cause I be poppin' them tags. $50 for a shirt now that just ridiculous! Only $20 in my pocket and looking for a come up, now that's effing awesome! And when I say come up, It's the hope of finding stylish vintage tops everytime I go here but unfortunately it's almost next to impossible since grandpas in LV seem to have bad taste from the looks of their hand me downs.  In LA it's much easier to find hidden treasure but in fairness LA has a bigger population thus more clothes come in.One thing I like doing on goodwill though which in my opinion makes it slightly better than Salvation Army is I always find better art and vintage paintings here.  I like to collect random paintings not in hopes I land a high appraisal value in them but I like to cover up my walls in my room with various paintings and art for decor reasons. Goal is to make my room look like a mini version of the rooms in Artesan Hotel.I can't really say anything bad about places such as these due to the fact that its intention is to help low income families have a place where things are affordable.  The employees are nice and very welcoming.
4	Can't beat their selection on children's clothing. I was commenting to an employee about the great finds for children's clothes and toys and she mentioned that's most of their donations. When I'm in town I'll make it a point to go there again.
2	Problem, Crowded, Solution, Don't go here. There is no room to move around. Their selection sucked when we went, they had a desk that looked like Edward Scissorhand used it. Their staff also must be trained to NEVER smile. I know its a 2nd Hand Store, but come on, have some customer service.
3	My fella was in the mood for some "treasure-hunting" so we made a day of visiting some thrift stores in the area. We started with Goodwill. We had been here before to donate items, but had never actually been inside the store. It's a lot smaller than I was expecting and the space is really tight for a newer store. There are lots of goodies to be had and as always I start with the book section. Things are pretty organized and compared to Savers they do seem to have some better deals. We found quite a few books, dog toys and board games for good deals. I'll definitely be back since it's convenient.
2	When they have a sale, they are more in line with other thrift stores. The people that price the donations are not of this land. They price new items acquired from big box donations (Target/Walmart,etc) as if they were not donated. For example Massimo dress with Target tag still attached reading $5.98 is marked 14.99. REALLY?!? Go on Sunday or Monday when they mark 2 colored tags down 75% or to $.99...otherwise you could go to Target up the street for cheaper.
3	I like the selection and hours of this store, however, a lot of the items here are over priced- I've seen many things at Walmart brand new for the same price this store sells used items- that doesn't make any sense! Rarely- I find a good deal here.
4	All Holidays are 50% off red tags!  Red tagged items are the higher end/brand name merchandise.Sunday there are always 2 colors that are 50-75% off and I get most all of my little girls clothes here for $.75- $1.00 for Justice, Circo, Roxy, American Eagle, GAP, and Hollister brands.  For shoes I've picked up several cute sandals, the popular Twinkle Toe Sketchers, and even Steve Madden boots for $3-$5.Clothes are organized by color so if you need a particular color it's really convenient.  The racks are separated by Men, Women, and Kids.  You have to do some digging but I always find a treasure or two here!
5	This place is great, I always find name brand stuff for CHEAP.  Treat yourself to something nice, if it's badly used I won't buy it.  But if it has a dingy smell and no stains & my size I buy it.  Sure you come across some trash but you have to look really hard to find name brand stuff.I normally go to Dollar General and pick up Oxiclean ans wash it before I wear it.  Heck I'm wearing Timberland BOOTS (seemingly never worn) that I bought at THIS location for like 8 bucks.   $100 boots that I stumbled across, their scoffed now but I was happy to come across them LAST YEAR.  This place is just amazing, the staff are always friendly and helpful.I usually shop here for good deals instead of walmart... atleast it goes to a good cause like helping people find work.
4	This was a pretty good store - very busy but still organized.  We got out with a MAJOR find - an original copy of CLUE with all the pieces in tact and in good condition - for $THREE$ $BUCKS$.
5	I went here with my daughter and wife. While my wife and I looked around our daughter asked if she could go to the dance studio in the mall. We said yes, and kept shopping we found some really good buys. I got a pair of express pants for four dollars, score. Afterwards we went to pick up our daughter from the Fred Astaire Dance Studio. We met the owner and staff who were all very nice. After talking with him we set up our intro lesson for my daughter and for my wife and myself. Who knew this trip would lead to dancing together. This was a fun adventure!
4	This is a goodwill that has a great selection. It is fun going to these stores and picking through others previous belongings. I swear I can go down an aisle about ten times and find something new. The reason why I took one star off is the fact that they just kind of pile things onto the shelves and it is not well organized. Hence the walking down an aisle and finding new things each time you go down. Nothing at this goodwill really distinguishes itself to Las Vegas but it is a fun area to search for treasure
5	I drop off all our old stuff here.  Its a clean nice place and all goes to a great cause.   Great great tax write off     thus its a win win.
4	I love this Goodwill, not only is it close to home but they have some of the best items! I've been lucky to find my favorite brands and things that I've been wanting for a while. I try to go in the mornings that way I can get a hold of the really good items as well. I've bought a lot of shoes here and I love how they organized it by color so if you want a certain kinds of shoes for an outfit, it's easy to find. Staff is SO FRIENDLY! I've encountered many of them, asking where things are and if they have discounts or promotions. They really do their best for their customers.
4	I've been a few times to this location whenever I have breakfast at the Original Pancake House next door  and when it comes to home items, I've done good here.I've been looking for items that are suitable for my wedding DIY projects and so far I've found cute crystal bowls for $1 - $1.50, large floral plate for 99cents for my dessert table. Also a few items for myself - a clear plastic necklace rack for $5, and 3 wood carvings in frames for $3 each. I didn't really browse clothes at all so I can't comment on that. I did see some interesting accessories though so it may indicate there being a better quality of donated items here. It's a bit small/tight inside, but it's generally not crazy busy and is pretty well organized compared to some that just have junk thrown everywhere. I come up empty in some places, but this one I've had good luck in at least finding something cool so I will keep this one in my rotation.
