4	Yeah, I know this place on the surface would be considered corporate fast food, but seriously, my wife and I both really like their burritos. Good quality ingredients, tasty and surely big enough to fill you up. If you're in the vicinity and need some above average Mexican food, have no fear.
4	So wherever I have been driving in the valley for the last 7 years apparently does not take me past a Qdoba... or I have been catatonic every time I have driven by, because I swear I did not know they were out here. I have only eaten at Qdoba once, probably 12 years ago, in Kalamazoo, MI while visiting a friend at Western Michigan University. I don't remember it being good or bad, but there wasn't one in my city so it wasn't a big deal either way.So I was driving down Glendale Ave tonight looking for a cheap spot without french fries to eat a quick bite with a friend. We pull into the parking lot deciding on Qdoba, and the only thing I remember from 12 years ago was that whatever I ordered did not come with a tortilla... when the girl rang me up, I thought I was being helpful by pointing out my forgotten tortilla, when in fact it wasn't included with my dish, so she glared at me while handing me a free one.In other words, I was prepared to still be confused and order like an idiot my second go-around. Luckily, I started off by telling the guy behind the counter that I had no clue what was going on, and he graciously suggested something- a Queso Burrito in a bowl. He said it was "slightly amazing." So, Qdoba Guy just gave me something to order, and wasn't annoyingly overzealous with how good it was--SWEET! As I move down the line, I have more choices-like salsa. I chose the one with corn because it was mild (I'm a wimp) and had corn! But there were 5 to choose from. It's true that this place reminded me immediately of Chipotle (brushed stainless steel everywhere, industrial/trendy/warehouse-y, small in-line ordering section, burritos the size of my head), although I enjoyed the food at Qdoba a lot more. I was immensely satisfied w/ my burrito bowl, and am still really happy about the fact that the employee's suggestion was spot-on. I appreciate it when I don't hear, "Oh I never eat here because I work here," or "I like this, but I have really weird taste."So congrats, Qdoba on Glendale! After 12 years, I'm back! *though sadly, probably not to this location, as it's pretty far out of my way.
5	Poblano Pesto=YUM!Their craft 2 menu is great.  You choose two items from that menu and you are more than full.   I love the mexican gumbo with black beans and chicken ask for a spoonful of corn salsa on top and it's all good.   My second pick is either two crunchy tacos or the quesadilla (chicken of course).  Delicioso.
5	I probably eat here 3 times per week. They always recognize me as soon as I walk in and they know exactly what I want to order every time. You will probably be greeted by Tim, the location's manager. He is always very friendly. As far as the food, I love the soft tacos with marinated steak. My wife loves their naked taco salad, adding fresh guacamole. For those who have not tried Qdoba, you don't know what you are missing out on. Definately go.
4	Stopped in last night for some take out.  I was very impressed with how nice and knowledgeable everyone was.  I asked if the tortillas were vegan (they were!!) so I asked for two veggie burritos and as they were making them for me, the manager told me that she'd give me a sample of their soup, as it was vegan also.  No need for a sample, sign me up for the full cup!  I love tortilla soup, and theirs is tomato based, weeeeeee!  My burrito came with amazing cilantro lime rice (way more limey than Chipotle), black beans, guac, fajita veggies, pico and medium salsa.  It was divine!  My woman was equally pleased with the outcome of her burrito (rice, beans,fajita veggies, and pico).  When I was a cheese eater, I would order their chips and queso dip, which is totally yumsky.
3	First time here. Went with the craft 2 menu and thanks to the team member, I followed her recommendations. On the fence so I will try again next time I am in the neighborhood. Have to be honest- I am very loyal to Chipotle so there was a lot of comparing and contrasting going on.
4	Love Q-dobes chicken burrito.  The rice was a little undercooked today, but it still was delicious.  Staff was very friendly.  Place was clean.  Just not much else to report, would go back.
5	First time in. Food looked and smelled great. Restaurant was clean and well lit. Friendly staff were patient with us as we decided what we wanted. I had the BBQ pulled pork burrito.  She had tacos and tortilla soup. Great all around.  We'll be back.
3	I had never been to a Qdoba before and was driving across town and was looking for someplace that had a menu item that did not have meat.  Mexican inspired places always have bean burritos. As soon as I entered I realized it is very similar to Chipotle. They had a grilled veggie burrito that was listed as vegetarian so I got one.  I think I might have been happier swapping out the rice for onions and peppers but it was a pretty good burrito and wasn't running juice down my arm.
3	Can't complain one bit about the exuberant enthusiasm displayed by the young lady working the counter.  Nor did the Groupon lessen the expectation of reasonable satisfaction.  But, after 3 visits here over the past 2 years, sadly, the excitement ends when it comes to the food.  Not really bad, but, I dunno...does the expression "it's the SIZZLE, not the STEAK" mean anything to anyone else out there?  Just looking for the one great thing that brings me back, yet I am not seeing it :(
5	We had this Qdoba cater a Celebration of Life for my late Aunt.  I had never heard of Qdoba - a family member suggested them and we were so happy they did.  Carla and her staff did a great job, food was yummy and the cost very reasonable to feed 25 people.  Qdoba, came and set everything up for us - food stayed hot for several hours.  It was so much better than deli meat/cheese sandwich trays.  Everybody loved it.  We will use them again.
3	Not my favorite get in line, order what you like fast Mexican food. However, it almost tastes the same. If you need to use the restroom, enjoy the long and narrow walk there. This has to be the longest walk to a restroom I have experienced in a restaurant. Not complaining, but you may be able to get a semi workout doing lunges there and back.The other place has a line of workers ready to take your order. For whatever reason, this place seemed understaffed and only 2 people were on the line. The other place I can see the cook flipping the marinated meats on the grills. However, this place did not have the cook visible making the meats. The grills that were visible were vacant. Ultimately, it seemed slow on a Tuesday dinner night. Even more as the restaurant is very open with a huge amount of seating.The wifey and I ordered a Chicken Ranchera Burrito with guacamole and chips. The chips are made fresh daily, and they were lightly salted, which were somewhat bland. The burrito was tasty that had a nice flavor from the fajitas. Overall, A-ok food.This may be a somewhat biased opinion based on my affinity to the other place. But my 3 stars are on the overall experience. Will I come back? Only if the wifey wants to.
5	This is my go - to, what are we going to have for lunch or dinner place.  This is hands down my seven year old's favorite restaurant.  The employees are really friendly, the menu has lots of choices to suit all kinds of tastes, the restaurant is clean, the prices are reasonable...what more could you want?  I'm usually here at least once a week.
4	Maybe I got there on the wrong days and nights, but I have never found the employees friendly or helpful. Our server and the manager were more like automatons than people. Maybe it is because I am 61 and not in their age group. Most places make an effort to greet you and/or learn your name. Not here. Still, the food is fresh and delicious and the TV or music is not blaring. I will continue to eat here but will buy a dog for friendship.
4	I love Qdoba! Their burrito bowls are great! They're pretty much the equivalent of Chipotle, but I love Chipotle so...it's all good! I like to build my own burrito bowl and have their chips and guac. Definitely a yummy Chipotle alternative, although to be completely honest - I don't know if there's much of a difference.
