4	WOW! The food was great! the only problem with this place is that it is dirty!!! so if you do not mind that and love food... then this is the place to be.. The chicken Shawarma(not the sandwich) was delicious... and there lamb is exceptional!!!!! The place is always full of hungry Somalians and Ethiopians... and that my friends is a sign that should tell you that this place has yummy food!!!!
5	Juba Red Sea & Mediterranean Cuisine is a truly amazing place. You just have to get past the location which is a bit daunting located in a very crowded strip center with many African and Somali shops. Plus more than half the cars parked in the lot were taxicabs. I went after work to meet some friends as we had heard a lot about this place as it serves goat! We enjoyed some good hummus and pitas as we waited to order. We were disappointed to discover that they only serve goat at lunch time and usually run out by 2-3pm so you have to reserve it for dinner. Oh, well another time. They were also out of the Somali iced tea which I had wanted to try. So water was fine. We ordered an order a couple orders of Sanbusas, which are a deep fried pastries filled with ground beef and Somali spices, kind of like an Indian samosas. Comes with two but are large to share and more than enough for 3-4 people. We ordered Chicken Sukhaar which is served with basmati rice that has been flavored with cardamom and cinnamon, and other spices I can't name. Mixed Kabob plate which of the three the chicken kabob was the best. We also ordered the loin of lamb which was excellent, fish which was OK and the best dish was the meat and naan dish which I'm not even sure of it's name. But it was this wonderful marinated beef (maybe called Beef Sukhaar) which was chopped up with onions, tomatoes and spices with strips of naan that I thought were noodles topped up with this wonderful sour cream sauce. It was amazing. We also got the naan sandwich which had the same meeting fillings wrapped in naan like a wrap. Delish! Best of all they had this spicy green sauce sitting on the table that we put on everything. We ordered way too much food - each dish would feed 2-3 people and we ordered 8 dishes for 8 people! So we all took take home boxes to eat the next day. Plus with tip and tax it was $13 per person! A truly amazing deal. So give this place a try as it's worth the time it takes to find a parking spot.
3	The only reason we ended up here was because Sonic wasn't open on Christmas Day.  We spotted a bunch of African cabbies in a parking lot so we parked and explored our options.  Most went into Juba so we did too.The place was a big dingy so we opted for takeout.  Greek salad, falafels, king fish, Lamb shank, Mediterranean appetizers. But the owner came to the market to find us and tell us they didn't have any more falafels. We changed to Lamb kabob and chicken kabobs.Everything came with fresh lettuce and tomatoes. The best was the rice which was seasoned with cardamom and raisins and other spices.  The worst was the hummus and falafel in the appetizer plate.  I ate a chicken kabob in pita which was quite good.  The meat was still juicy and the dressing was just right.I would order everything except the appetizer plate.
3	We had plans to check out Juba after a baseball game, had purchased a restaurant.com certificate. On the certificate the street address was listed incorrectly so I had called in to double check. I could not really understand what the man on the line was saying and he did not come off very friendly but my boyfriend insisted we try it out.We finally found the restaurant tucked in a strip mall of various other Somalia stores and Subway.This place is a total hole in the wall and if you can get past the weird odor - the food isn't half bad. As others have mentioned, it is also dirty - and it is...We did not try anything too crazy off the menu (such as goat) but we ordered their sanbusa, gyro sandwich and gyro salad. They used plenty of greens and veggies in the salad and the sanbusa's were delicious. Service was SLOW and at times other patrons would come in and they would all speak so loudly it was easy to be distracted or have your attention drawn to them.It is something I could say I tried, not sure I would go back but definitely worth checking out once. Plus their prices are so cheap, we couldn't/didn't even use the restaurant.com certificate.
3	The iced tea is the best I've ever had. It has little clove flowers floating in it. I had the lamb shank on my first visit. It was very tender (but it was too fatty for me), the rice was "eh".I came back a second time for the iced tea, of course. The service was exceptionally slow. We waited about 40 minutes for the waitress to come back for refills, even though it wasn't busy in the slightest. However, she was  very sweet.Round two I had the #13, the Ethiopian something (see attached photo). It had eggs, and beef, and spinach and red sauce all on a spongy bread. It covered the entire plate and the leftovers will feed me for another two days.As people mentioned before the place was kind of dirty and there were lots of loud cab drivers, but neither one of those things seemed to particularly bother me.
3	If it weren't for the tea this place would probaby have gotten 2 stars.  Kinda dirty, just ok food...  Although maybe something not as safe as the chicken and my experience may have been totally different.  We will probably never know though.
4	When we pulled into the parking lot, I got really excited.  The menu got me even more excited.  Eating here took me back to my time in Kenya and Tanzania, goat meat, ugali, chipatis, heavenly!  The food was really good, although be ready to share, the portions are huge.  We had the hummus platter, goat meat, Ugali, Samosas and other items that I'm forgetting at the moment.  The service was great, people were friendly and we had a great time.  Looking forward to going back.
4	I was looking for Tariq's and found Juba's (with recommendation of Somali taxi driver in parking lot).  I did not find it to be dirty, but it was a bit basic in decor.  However, the food is that north African stuff that I love, and the people were very friendly.  And yes, for dinner, they were out of goat meat.  I'll go back for lunch, and get it next time.
4	It's a strip mall hole in the wall and the place was pretty run down, but the food was tasty.  Haven't had too much African food (just Ethiopian) before, so this was a fun new experience. Had the lamb shank with chipati flat bread. Very tender. There's this spicy sauce they keep on the tables in yellow mustard squirt bottles. Don't know what was in it, but it was really good on my lamb. Also, had samosas and tried my boyfriend's chicken dish mixed with flat bread strips. Forgot the name. Those were both really good. The samosas weren't like Indian samosas. Reminded me of Filipino beef empanadas with a flakier crust. The ice tea was really good. It was like a mix of chai and hibiscus tea. Maybe a bit to sweet, but I wish I took it to go because it was almost addicting. Yum.
5	Juba is a great restaurant! This is the kind of place where if the food is good (which it is) you look past the decor and the dirt - I've eaten here at least 5 times and never gotten sick. There are other restaurants likes this - Da Vang, other ethnic places. Just don't use the bathroom.We (husband & I) first went here on a restaurant.com coupon. We ordered a few different things and tried to get up to the coupon price, but couldn't because they are so cheap. Their iced tea is amazing - anise stars in the iced tea - I never would have thought that would be good. We loved the Sukhaar - the taste being kind of southwestern (to give you an idea). We ordered chapati with the meal instead of rice (love chapati!) and they took $2 off the bill for each order! On another visit, we had the rice and it was really good. When we go now, one orders chapati and the other rice, and we share - or we get an extra order of chapati, because we love it! The staff is friendly, helpful when you ask questions. Being open minded helps.  Paying at the counter will save you lots of time.
4	Strip mall, taxi cab armada parked out front, not knowing exactly what your getting into. That is fine dining hole in the wall style. Basically that sums up of the reviews of Juba on Yelp. But I wanted to throw in my two cents because I now have a new favorite place to eat near my new apartment. While I never tried to ice tea, I was glad that I read up on this place on Yelp before going just so that I dont come off as a Sudanese restaurant noob. Since I knew not to ask for lamb at dinner (since they run out around 3) and that they will be out of your first pick so have a second one lined up when your order. All of which happened when I went to Juba. I went with the exotic sounding "Number 10" which turned out to look like Sudanese hamburger helper but tasted nothing like that crap in the box with the talking oven mitt. Huge portion of "rice pasta" (still not sure if misprint or what) covered in a delicious red sauce with chicken and vegetables. Oh and it was served in a Texas sized portion so I had plenty for leftovers. My dad had the lamb shank. Which was tasty but a little too fatty for this fat kid. But the rice and the bread were amazing and the owner who was hilarious. When asked if he took credit cards he said (and I quote) "Of course I do, this is America!!!" (image a small Sudanese man channeling his inner Broadway diva with a smile to boot). And it was cheap like wicked cheap. Plus when we went there was a soccer game (I mean, football match). And the place was filled with Newcastle fans from Sudan. Which was just great hearing trash talk in a language you don't hear often. I am guessing they were Newcastle fans since that is the only word I understood. Though since I don't know Arabic, Newcastle could mean something incredibly dirty that one should not say to a loved one. So take your pick. Anyway, go to Juba. Try the food and enjoy because not many places in America have a local "Sudanese place". So you better feel lucky that you do, Phoenix.
5	I  worked with Africans in KC and ate a lot of their great food.  This is the best.  I LOVED it.  Tastey and worth the trip from Ahwatukee.  Seriously, if you want great taste go for it.  It doesn't get any better from Africa.
4	There are some restaurants that are almost a substitute for traveling to another country, and Juba is definitely one of those.  It's located in a rather shady looking strip mall (it's next door to Friction Massage, for example) in what is apparently the Somali neighborhood of Phoenix. We spent a bit over an hour eating lunch and we were the only people eating in the restaurant who weren't cab drivers (at least 10 ate while we were there).  Also, as my wife pointed out, she was the only women we saw in the area not wearing a burka or headscarf. There's no atmosphere to speak of, and a TV played Somali news the whole time (the cab drivers were all glued to it).  Service was good and our waitress was friendly and helpful, even bringing us a sample of one of the dishes when we asked her what it was. The menu is a mix of Somali, Ethiopian, and typical Mediterranean food.  We got both Somali and Mediterranean dishes and everything tasted good. I got the goat in the spirit of experimentation.  It's definitely not my favorite but that's saying more about the nature of goat than it is about the food here. The sample our waitress brought was of some sort of polenta-like dish that was really tasty and interesting.  I honestly can't remember what our other dishes were called but everything was solid. One stand out was the spiced iced tea, which everyone should get. It's one of the most unusually, intensely flavored and delicious drinks I've ever tried. Overall, I would say 3-4 stars for the food (5 for the tea), 2 for atmosphere, 5 for service, and 5 for the cultural experience.
5	Gotta try the goat!! This place is as authentic as it gets! If you like Legit cultural foods this place is for you!! I literally felt like I was in a different country inside...I would recommend take out seeing as it's not nicely decorated or anything but the goat is amazing!!! And I love places where they tell you "what they have available today" super cool and a great overall experience!!
1	It wasn't for me. I generally like middle eastern food.  I got the sampler to go ; babaganesh, falafel, taheni, humus with pita. Everything was very bland. The pita and falafel were chewy. I ended up throwing most of it out.
2	This is a dive located in a strip mall. There were two of us, so we decided to split the "Healthy Eater" (two chicken dishes with two vegetable dishes). It came with injera. We ordered cabbage and mushrooms as our veggie dishes. Injera was good, nothing special. The chicken was very dry. The waiter said they were out of three popular items (lamb shank, a chicken dish and a beef dish). We received the cabbage, but our mushrooms did not arrive. Instead, we were given a different veggie dish which was so-so. I asked if he could bring us the mushrooms. Instead, he brought the check which was discounted. I think there was a language miscommunication. Oh well. Food was ok. I probably won't eat here again, unfortunately.
1	How this place gets any more than one star is beyond me. The first concern is the appetizers (falafel, hummus, baba ghanousj) are the furthest thing from Ethiopian.  If I wanted Middle Eastern food I would go to Pita Jungle. The main courses are like "pseudo-Ethiopian".  The meal descriptions are like written in a way you'd trick a child into eating something a little weird.  And no "doro wat" on the menu !  That's like a Thai restaurant not having "Pad Thai". The main dish Americans eat. The food. Bland and boring. Don't bother going.
4	Dont let the location fool you about the food, located in a small shopping area. The customer service was great, the guy who took my order was patient with me since I had questions about the different food. He gave me some some small samples without me asking for some. The best part was I got a banana with my meal. I wanted goat meat but since they were out I had lamb, rice, salad, samosa, and a banana. I gave it 4 stars because of the location.
5	Awesome food.  The building is dated and so is much of the atmospher, but it is all made up with great service and incredible food.
3	The food here is delicious - we had the sambusas and a wonderful main course that included layered flatbread, chicken, and a lightly spiced sauce. One entree and one appetizer is plenty of food for two people. I would give their food four and a half stars. Unfortunately, I have to take off a star for how dirty the place is - make sure you sit down exactly where you want to be sitting in the booth, because unsticking yourself will take some effort. The first time I went, I asked the server to wipe off our table for us, but he used such a dirty rag that it only marginally helped. Neither of us got sick either time, and the food's so good I'll probably be back, but I wouldn't recommend this to anyone too worried about sanitation.Also, please note, the restaurant is now called Waamo.
5	Fantastic first time here!We picked up some food for take-out and were promptly treated to papaya drinks on the house! The food was cooked quickly, and we were asked if we needed any help with the menu. The food was amazing. I had the chicken shawarma over rice with hummus, while my wife had a delicious vegetarian dish. Will definitely be returning!
