2	First, I'll start by saying that Home Depot is one of my favorite stores of all time.  I can spend HOURS in one without even realizing it.  I've been to many and have loved them all - everyone is so friendly and helpful.  And I am a sucker for great customer service - especially when you're spending lots of money.  That being said, I was not impressed here.  My visit happened early Tuesday morning and the store was not very crowded.  The first employee I ran into was VERY helpful. And that's where the customer service ended.  I hunted around for someone to help me with my flooring questions.  I knew exactly what I needed and just had a couple of questions on measurement calculations. The person who was supposed to be the "expert" in that department had absolutely no idea how to answer any of my questions and had to finally call someone on the phone to answer - a "pro", he was called.  I asked if the "pro" could be the one to help me instead as my special order was going to cost over $300.  I was denied the "pro's" assistance.  All my questions were answered with "probably" and "I think".  The most definite answer I could get was "I'm pretty sure".  The store rep finally placed the order for a piece of flooring that was too big for what I needed, which would of made my floor boards completely uneven.  Yikes!  I ended up cancelling the order and going to Floor & Decor instead.  I'll be back to Home Depot for other things.  Just not that one.The store was not crowded and there were no wait times at the registers, most likely because this location is so far southeast.  If you know exactly what you are looking for, do not need ANY assistance and are in a hurry, this would probably be a great location for you.
5	What is there to say about the Home Depot? Not sure.The competition is generally Lowes. I find lowes to have a younger staff, maybe a bit better looking. However, who cares. The Home Depot has people who genuinely know what they are talking about. For example, I was looking at table sanders one time and one associate came by and asked if everything is OK. I told him, just window shopping and dreaming. Then we started talking about large planers and projects we were working on. It's nice. It's nice to know that you aren't dealing with just plain salespeople but rather people who work with stuff they sell.
4	What would we do without Home Depot? I've heard there are some stores that are open 24 hours! HOLY CRAP! We just recently used their cabinet design service. Richard was very knowledgeable and guided us every step of the way. Home Depot doesn't use HD people for installation they use a third party contractor, but if something goes pear shaped, HD is responsible for fixing the issue. I did find that the installation cost was a bit high - double the amount we were paying for the cabinets? WHAT? We decided to find our own contractor and it saved us a bunch, but I guess it just depends on the project and your budget. The employees are always very friendly and helpful. We purchased the interior paint for our home, one of the cans exploded in the trunk of my MINI - A toasted wheat painted MINI - it was an ugly scene. They replaced the can of paint and helped out with paper towels and spray to help remove the paint. OH The JOYS of remodeling! Overall great store, nice employees and endless possibilities!
4	Never a bad experience here.Garden people have always been helpul and have given me good recommendations for what I wanted to plan; Paint guys have always been helpful, patient, and work quickly, even on Sat mornings!; Check-out people are friendly and quick; Overall staff is always helpful (then again, it could be because I'm a gal and they probably think I'm helpless and don't  know what a #10 bolt is or how to install a toilet.. anywayssss)We have bought a lot of things from HD - floor tile, lawn care, appliances, tools, lighting, plants.. so many things.  We go here because it's competitively priced, true to their DIY roots (for the most part) and their staff is great.Side Note: Sat mornings/afternoons in the Paint Dept is quite busy, so plan on getting in early or doing some other shopping while your bucket is color matched, shaken and stirred!
5	Great employees, great prices !
3	Sometimes they are cheaper than Lowes. Sometimes! I prefer Lowes because i can never find anyone to help me here.
5	I am always working on a home improvement project and the employees of this location know that! We moved to the area about 5 years ago and have been continually working on our home ever since. Every project begins with a stop at OUR depot to ask questions and find helpful products. We love this home depot so much and have begun to despise going to any other location because the customer service just isn't at the other stores! I dread it when I have to go to another HD or, God forbid, a Lowe's. Awesome employees who seem genuinely happy to be at work AND help out the customers! Thanks guys!
5	What can you really say here... it is what it should be.
5	Pretty standard Home Depot, love this place
1	The WORSE experience EVER!  I would give zero stars if possible!  I will never - EVER do a special order with Home Depot ever again!  It has been a debacle from start to still not finished. Trying to get 2 security doors has been a nightmare!  I started the process in mid Aug...it is mid Oct and I still do not have my doors!  Never again!Update. This nightmare is still not over! Here it is Nov 3rd and still waiting for this to be completed. Once the doors finally came they sent the wrong door handle set for one of the doors! Then the installer put the handles on upside down! I insisted that was not right, but he just kept saying "thats the way they go on these doors" so I called the store and Darrel came out and fixed the problem...just needed to flip the latch.,.it amazes me that the installers Home Depot uses did not know this!  Also, the weather stripping on the bottom of the door was damaged. I called Mike and explained what Darrel said... That I needed 2 door handled sets and the weather stripping. After waiting one week and not hearing anything I called the store and left a message and my phone number with Amanda and was told she would call me back, no call back. I called the store again and talked to Amanda, she said she would look into it and call me back...once again no call.  I called the store today and spoke with Randy, she quickly looked up my order and said the handles would ship on Nov 5th, but there was nothing in all the notes about the weather stripping!  So she said Ananda was in today and go ask her and call me back. Randy did call me back right away and said Amanda said they could replace the weather stripping with in store stock...I was told that it was special weather stripping and I told Amanda that, but she never followed through on anything. So here I am about 3 months into it and still waiting. I want to be done with this once and for all...please!
2	I spent over $10,000 on new carpet, appliances fans and lighting at this Home Depot to renovate my home and the customer service was horrible, especially in flooring.  They were rude and not very helpful.
1	9p.m. maybe only 5 other customers. Probably passed 9 employees.  Actually walked the whole store and each department except outside garden.  Nobody said one word to me. That's cool thx home depot
3	Average service...... average home depot...... Nothing really stands out that makes this my HD of choice. I'm 1 of those know it all guys who can fix almost anything (got the paperwork to prove it) so I don't have to really bother with the employees much. Only when I can't seem to navigate to where they keep things. Thing I hate is the pushy sales they've got going on in the store. Salesman trying to sell me an over priced & poorly installed AC system (Thank goodness for reviews right!!!) , Extremely over priced solar system with all these little fine print catches & how about that kitchen & bath spruce up.....It's bad enough they high low end contractors to install their goods but now to have people trying to persuade you to sign up in store is crazy. But when in Rome you find the closest 1 and make it your B*****. bahahaha!
5	The people Home Depot employs can be a real benefit at times.  My water heater died on a weekend and I didn't have much money for a contractor to replace.  I just walked into Home Depot to get an idea of my options and the employee who helped me actually installs these things!  We negotiated a real inexpensive contract, I bought the water heater from Home Depot and left it with the employee.  He came over that night and installed it, hauled away the old and came back the next day to finish soldering (since he didn't have those tools before.)A little risky to leave the water heater with the employee which is why I asked him to bring it over that night (God forbid it was stolen out of his truck overnight, bad for both of us!)  I figured him staying employed at Home Depot was a good incentive to do right.Now not all Home Depots might have an expert you need but it never hurts to ask around.
4	I usually preferred Lowes over Home Depot because Lowes usually has better customer service.  This location,  however,  is just as good.  I don't have trouble finding someone to help and there is almost always someone at the entrance to greet you and ask if you need help finding something.  Their military discount works better than Lowes too. At Lowes you have to wait for the cashier to call a manager.  The manager enters a code in order for the cashier to put in the discount.  At Home Depot the cashier can do this on their own. It's the little things that really make a difference.
5	This is a great Home Depot. The customer service is fantastic. I just moved into a new home, and I've had questions on anything from gardening to pest control to lumber to tools and paint. Their workers are extremely knowledgeable, friendly and helpful. It's definitely my go to place for help and supplies.
5	Shout out to Ron that works out in the garden center,. He's got to be one of the nicest Home Depot employees.  always friendly and remembers not only who we are, but others as well.  He's a tremendous asset to our community.  Thanks Ron.
