3	had about 45 mins before my flight boarded. We came across this place, split a club wrap and some chips and ea had a 20oz bud light on draft. beers are around 7.50 for a 20oz and place has a selection of pre-made salads (chicken Caesar and garden) and sandwiches/wraps ($8.50ish) chips are about $2.25.. they have a menu but i i think their salad/sandwich selections vary by day. all airport food is pricey but a chill atmosphere to enter after going thru security and have a beer and catch a game before heading home. bartenders were pretty cool and attentive..not sure if its a everyday special but bartenders said buy a beer and get a shot for $2.there's no waitress so if the bars full head up and order and then take a seat.
2	A typical airport fare.  $12.98 for a beer and a shot.
1	Don't go!No one cares. If you sit at the bar and order a beer, then fine. But don't bother to sit down and want a meal. They completely ignore you.  What a bunch of losers!!
3	Soooo packed bar March madness only one bartender Steve and it's a full house he handles it WELL...good service but we were a little put off that after finally getting a seat and finishing other drinks we were told "the problem I have w you two is you are taking up space at the bar and not ordering anything" well, we were trying to finish our other beverages and then gladly ordered after that...could have been handled better
2	Asked for a goose island ipa. They were out but offered a sam adams ipa. I said sounds good. Waitress came back and said they were also out of the sam adams. So I just said bring me whiskey on the rocks. 2 stars because they didn't have the beer I wanted. On a positive note the waitress was very friendly and apologetic.  Although she was slow to get our bill and serve our second drinks. Don't order anything to close to boarding you might not make your flight.
1	This place is straight up horrible. My dad and I had a layover in Las Vegas at 8:15am and were looking for a place to eat. The sign said that they opened at 8:30am, but there were already people sitting inside drinking beers so we walked in and grabbed a seat. I figure since they didn't technically open for another 15 minutes, I wouldn't bother the only person working until 8:30am. We just sat at the table looking over the food menu then finally I walked over to the bartender and asked if we were able to order food from him since there aren't any servers. God forbid that he actually make the effort to come see if we needed anything. He looked at me and rudely said "we don't serve food here". A bit confused since I was holding the food menu, I asked if it was too early to order food. He repeated "we don't serve food here", this time raising his voice. Even more confused now, I pointed out that I was holding the food menu and asked where I would be able to order these items at? Yet again, "we don't serve food here" while he pointed his finger at me and continued to raise his voice. Now I was getting offended and very annoyed. I told him that it didn't make sense if they have a food menu but didn't serve food. Before I was even able to finish my sentence, "we don't serve food here". I asked what his problem was because I'm just trying to get some general info since it's a restaurant/bar. He just turned around, walked into the back room, and closed the door. Fortunately, I don't get stuck at the Las Vegas airport that often, but I know next time where not to go.
1	Really, cleaning and changing the taps at noon, AKA "lunch time" on a Friday?Downright stupid! Been 10 minutes waiting for a simple beer and the taps are still not assembled. Anticipating they'll taste like soap :-(
