5	Great small grocer!Giant Eagle offers a lot of things, but they don't offer me everything I am looking for when I go shopping.  Kuhn's, on the other hand, offers all of those little idiosyncrasies and nuances that I look for that I cannot find anywhere else.  The biggest thing for me is the fact that they carry Boar's Head brand luncheon meats.  I really don't know how anyone eats any other brand of luncheon meat since they all just taste so stale in comparison.  I can tell that a higher number of Italian-American folk patronize this store as well.  Why? The pasta selection is awesome.  I despise the typical noodles carried everywhere else; but here I can find the noodles that I have grown to love.  Getting beyond the reasons above, I do enjoy the store as a whole and the fact that I can find what I am looking for.  I will definitely be returning; I just have to make certain to be careful of the parking situation since this particular store's parking lot layout is prone to jamming.  In this case, it is better to park near PNC and walk.
4	I really like Kuhn's, I support them since they do buy local, well as local as possible. In the heat of the Summer months, they get a lot of their produce from local farmers, they buy local meats, dairy, and charcuterie. Great bakery at this location too, a lot of old fashioned style baked goods too. Like Mountain Pies, Gobs, rhubarb pie etc.
3	Kuhn's seems like they pride themselves on being a "Family" themed grocery store.I've been to Kuhn's quite a few times, since they are located so close to me, and have found their products to be much more expensive than other grocery stores, and I understand that they take pride in what they offer to their customers and buy their produce locally. But, to me, as a cheap ass, I don't care how they get their products, all I really care about is the price. And their prices are too expensive. The store itself is very small and cramped, I get confused very easily as to where to find some products.I do like the friendly atmosphere inside Kuhn's though, all of the employees seem really nice and are eager to please and talk to you, and for that I'll give them three stars. But other than the friendliness, I'm going to Aldi, where stuff is MUCH cheaper..
2	you can't beat a fairly centrally-located grocery store that is open 24-7 BUTTT the smell in there is ughhh.  Years and years of spilled food / blood from the meat department and etc.    You get the picture .    The high-point is perhaps the hot foods that you can get over in the deli.-area.  Some really good "soul-food" .  Fried chicken, mashed potatoes, mac n cheese and etc... I will go out of my way for that stuff, sometimes ...
4	Thank God for Kuhn's. Seriously, after having to survive on Foodland, the only "neighborhood" grocery store in Mt. Washington, this is a welcome change. I actually was excited to move to Dormont knowing we'd potentially have a better place to grocery shop locally.Kuhn's has absolutely surpassed Foodland. It's clean, has most everything I need and it's at the right price. I'm actually surprised how much variety they offer in such a "small" space. Small being the operative word, considering most Giant Eagle's are ginormous. I've even discovered new products here, like my delicious Lara Fiber Bars. I'm surprised at the nice gourmet cheese selection, the big deli area and even a counter for fresh seafood. So now I can just run down the block if I need to pick up something quick or do my whole week's shopping here. It's glorious! The only thing I wish for is a better parking lot. Since I'm coming off Dwight Ave it's nice to sneak right in. But coming out is another issue. There's only one way traffic around the parking lot. So you're usually stuck waiting behind cars trying to park and pull out. This is very minor though... just an impatient person talking here.The main point.. it's WAY cheaper than Giant Eagle! Neighbors rejoice!
4	So I have to ask myself, why don't I shop here more often? My family and I tend to shop at Giant Eagle, partly because of the large size of their stores and partly because of their GetGo rewards. Kuhn's has somehow become the place we stop when we don't have time to drive to Giant Eagle. Which is totally a shame, because whenever I DO stop in here I'm reminded about how nice the place actually is. Today a simple trip for milk turned into a fall-themed decoration shopping spree that went really well (yay super cute owl pillows!) and I ended up picking some breakfast and lunch items as well just because of how cheap they were. I know from past experience that the produce is fresh, and between the wonderful aroma and colorful display the bakery here is absolutely torturous to pass. There's also a ready-made dinner/lunch shelf with sandwiches, chicken wings, pizzas and a few dessert items if you want to grab those on your way out; I've actually gotten dinner here a few times on my way home from the city when I was too tired to cook. What's not to like about affordable and delicious food, right?However, there is at least one thing that does keep me from wanting to be a regular here and giving Kuhn's a 5 star review: the blasted parking lot you have to deal with to go here, which I've cursed in other reviews. This lot is the one that fills up super quickly, creates miniature traffic jams like no one's business, and is a time-stealing trap. Sigh. Suddenly I think I understand why my family always goes to Giant Eagle.Sorry, Kuhn's. Your prices are wonderful, your set-up fantastic, and your options well varied and impressive. But can you blame a girl for hating a poorly constructed parking lot? (Don't worry. You're still great. I'm sure I'll see you again!)
3	Though it is cramped, smells a little funny and has a major Parkin issue most times of the day, Kuhn's is convenient.  I can find the majority of what I need and the employees I have come across have been friendly and helpful.  Their prices are average to high, but that is to be expected from a small regional store.  If you live in the area give' a shot...
2	Kuhn's is really the only convenient grocery for where we live and they do have a great selection of higher end lunch meats, etc., but I had a terrible experience with their poultry. It took several minutes to sort through the grey, fatty boneless, skinless chicken breasts and when I finally found a package that didn't appear to have spoiled, I came home to find that the breasts had never been cut into breasts. There were several large pieces with a ton of trimming to be done. Drive the extra distance to Giant Eagle if you need anything from the meat department.
5	Kuhn's automatically receive 1  for being open 24 hours. Beyond that, customer service has been great, the shelves are stocked well, prepared food and deli items are better for you than fast food with better ingredients at a better value! When I'm in the the are, this is my go-to shopping spot.
5	Really nice place.  We shop here all the time. great service, great selection.
5	Kuhn's is a great little market. Priced fairly and if they don't carry an item that you just have to have , ask them! They are really a lot like the old type grocery store. The meat is always really good, and I have no complaints about this store. No, it's not Giant sized but that's one of the things I like most about it.
4	I haven't been to Kuhn's in months and forgot how much I prefer it over the other grocery stores in the area.  Once you get past the craziness in the parking lot it's not so bad.  It's smaller than the other grocery stores around but still have ample choices of all your produce/meat/dairy/deli needs fo sho.  Their prices are less expensive than GE too!  If only they had fuel perks...  The service is always fast and friendly.  I'll be doing the rest of my thanksgiving shopping there.  They have some good deals going on right now.  .99lb Honeysuckle turkeys no min purchase!
4	This is my "go-to" grocery store. For starters, it's a practical size. I don't need to walk halfway around the planet, or use GPS, to find what I need. The staff are ALWAYS helpful and friendly! Despite their modest size, they do stock a very wide range of products, meats, and produce-far more than any other grocery store of similar size. Also, Kuhn's started as a butcher shop waaaay back in the day, and the quality  and selection of their meats shows it-far better than any competitors. They are open 24 hours, and the deli is open til 10pm. The hot foods here are fantastic. I often just grab my dinner to go, while I'm shopping. And the rotisserie chickens are HUGE compared to other stores. I just wish the hot foods were open a bit longer-they shut down, and 6pm, when most people are just getting home from work. The baked goods are another plus. The cakes here actually taste like cake from a bakery. Not many grocery stores can make such a claim. Checking out at Kuhn's is also a breeze. They actually have plenty of staff on registers, so as to keep lines moving, and very short-unlike S&S and Big Bird. And there are none of those damned self check outs. If I'm giving a store my business, I shouldn't have to check myself out, because they are too cheap to properly staff the place (I'm talking to YOU Giant Eagle). In addition, the prices here typically LOWER than S&S and Big Bird. The only reason I can't give this place a full 5 stars, is that they often run out of basic products (dog food, deli meats, sale items), the early closing of hot foods, and the game of chicken one has to play when parking at Banksville Plaza. Still, Kuhn's is by far, the BEST grocer in the area.
