1	Terrible. Got a Thai tea smoothie for close to six bucks and it was the worst thai tea flavored thing I've ever tasted, just straight up tasted like milk. Friend got a milk tea latte and it was half powder not mixed properly. They don't even try, it seems. Another friend got gelato which tasted like frozen sugar water and nothing like pomegranate. also ridiculous expensive for small portion. I have yet to hear anything good on their menu, but especially stay away from thai tea, milk tea, red velvet, any gelato.
1	Yesterday we ordered 4 espresso drinks (two double and two macchiatos) and the coffee was so horrible that none of us was able to drink it!! We should have been warned when we asked what a "cortado" was and they told us it was an espresso with foam (I knew it was an espresso with a drop of milk but just wanted to confirm)I would like to go back because the place looks really good, but if the quality of the coffee doesn't improve, I'll continue going to espresso royale and Starbucks!I just wish I could get my $15 back!!
1	I went to the "grand opening" of this new cafe a while ago. Announced, the opening was to be at 4 p.m. that afternoon. However my friends and I stored by around 2:30 to check it out. Lo and behold, there was huge line already and all seats were taken. My friends proceeded to order some bubble teas, some other drink and bingsoo (shaved ice). To their disappointment, the item, that I can't remember at the moment, and the bingsoo were not for sale but were listed on the menu and were being promoted. After waiting in line for almost 15 minutes, the bubble teas that were ordered could not be fulfilled...they had run out of tapioca pearls. Instead, my friends just took the bubble teas, without the bubble. I proceeded to taste the tea and it was absolutely disgusting. If I could guess, I would say that their recipe for bubble tea called for 60% ice, 30% milk, and 10% artificial flavor. Not only did the tea lack authenticity, there was just not enough flavor in general. The ambience of the store itself was decent, however looks can be deceiving. If you are like me and dislike the food/service, but enjoy the interior design, be prepared to leave. This store, again, lacking in an authentic cafe feel, is in search of the green stuff hanging out of your wallets rather than being there to serve a nice coffee; signs everywhere discourage hanging around if you have no motive to buy anything. WI-FI is also something that you have to pay for...the password on the network changes everyday and will only be available on a receipt. I honestly disapprove of this cafe opening up around the area. With a competing local chain cafe and an independent cafe within a quarter mile, I'd rather head to either of those. The quality of service, drinks/food, and setting far exceed that which Caffe Bene provides. Go check Espresso Royale or Caffe Paradiso out. Don't waste your time at Caffe Bene.
2	I think this place is so new that they still need time to work out their menu and service.Staffs were friendly but service was really slow and there were barely any customers when I went.Had coffee latte which was very very light barely any coffee taste...hmm not that good, my cousin tried the mojito and she liked it.We also ordered the honey toast with strawberry and cream cheese, the presentation was very pretty but I wish they would toast it a bit longer to give it a little extra crunchOverall a good spot to chill if they can improve their drinks and food
1	Food is average, if not below in quality. Prices are overprices as well. The service is okay. Friendly but not speedy.Cheesecake is delicious, but not worth $5 a slice.
1	Woke up this morning to a message on yelp (which I've never gotten) from Samantha A who told me: "I am a customer at caffe bene and its great to have this unique cafe in urbana, since it just opened, the staffs might not be fully trained  and  probably still in the training process. I just want to say that your message just make me want to throw up, your a retard I hope you will never come back to caffe bene again."Did I just receive internet hate? Also, people feel this strongly about this place? The drinks I ordered wanted to make me throw up, which may explain why my review was vomit-inducing. It doesn't take much training to mix in the powder into the liquid. The drinks we got when I was there was half powder floating on top of the ice and milk. I will admit that I haven't been back since I was there last time but since then I haven't heard anything good about the place. Giving it another one star rating in place of a friend who went and was terribly disappointed. Don't expect decent coffee here. Paradiso is just a block away, go there instead.
2	This place is apparently a hugely famous Korean coffee chain that's all over Southeast Asia and was brought here to cater to the foreign Asian student population. I got the Thai milk bubble tea and it was certainly... milky. There was a Thai iced tea flavor/color to it, I'll give them that, dunno how well it mixes with tapioca pearls, and for the price I'll go across the street to Basil Thai. Everything in here was hilariously expensive. I got a blueberry muffin that could have been purchased at Sam's Club by the pallet for the same level of quality. The place is clean, the uniforms are cute, and I'm sure the homesick ex-pats will keep it in business, but for those prices vs. quality I'll be going elsewhere.
4	The menu here is very unique, and the prices are a big high, falling in the same category as other upscale-ish cafes. The ambience is good, better than most, in my opinion, due to its open and well lit layout. I hate cafes that people go to for studying, but have to hunch over and squint to actually see what's on their pages because of the lighting. The service here is good as they bring you what you've ordered and are very polite and friendly about everything. I ordered the gelato and waffle (AMAZING) and an iced vanilla soy latte. Would definitely come here again! The honey bread looks really interesting and I'm planning on trying it next time I come.
1	I really really do not like this place. They charge close to $10 for honey bread.It's literally a piece of bread with honey, whipped cream, and fruit on top. Rip off. Also their bubble tea is gross, clearly from a powder, and tastes super artificial... Just don't come here!!! This is one of the only businesses in town that I sincerely hope closes. I know they are a huge chain in Korea and with such a big Korean population during the school year I assume it will thrive, so I guess it's here to stay (and suck.
1	Ambience.  9/10.  Looks nice, feels clean, comfortable.Customer Service.  8/10.  Assistant manager was great, knowledgeable, helpful.Taste.  2/10.  Misugaru latte tasted like drinking dissolved chalk in water.  Classic Arnold palmer was a very badly conceived balance of tea to lemonade.  Honey bread was 99% standard dry bread.  Though it tasted okay, the dryness from the rest of the bread overtook any toppings added to it.Value.  1/10.  Honey bread is probably something close to a 2000% markup on ingredients.  Cannot go here regularly without breaking the bank.  If the taste and quality and consistency of the drinks was commensurate with the price, then that'd be different since the upcharge would be tied to a higher level of enjoyment from a higher quality product.  But it seems like they are peddling cheap and badly made drinks and food, for outrageous prices.Going once a year is probably a good bet for this place.  Going too often will make you poor, and will leave a bad taste in your mouth (if the food and drink hasn't already), because you feel as though you've paid for a meal and a drink, but have been given a hodgepodge of 10 cent ingredients prettied up to look good.  Great ambience, and customer service only get you so far when the food and drink you serve is inconsistent, outrageously priced, and lackluster at best.
2	Overpriced for what they offer.  $7 for a double scoops of glorified ice cream.  It's not gelato.  I've been to Europe and know what gelato is.
1	OverpricedLow ValueLong wait timesPoor quality.If these things describe your coffee go here.
5	Food was good, service was great, had 3 different drinks and they were all good! (Misutgaru Frappe, Mango Mojito, Green tea Frappe) My only complaint is that the cafe is too quiet so people had to whisper. Hope they provide some music so we can talk more freely.
2	Looking for good boba? Not here for flavor.  The boba pearls have the right chewiness, not too chewy that they stick to your teeth and not over-cooked, but the Thai tea flavor is less than desirable, too sweet and artificial, kind of like a vanilla nutritional shake
1	Caffe Bene has a lot of drinks that I would love to try but it is so overpriced. The inside of the place is amazing. They have a clean and cool atmosphere. This is a great place to meet international students. If you want coffee go somewhere else. I did try their mango smoothie and loved it.
