4	First time I've been here - I'll rate it higher if subsequent dishes offer same quality. Clean, quick, nicely remodeled from the previous fish-fry establishment. Enjoyed burger and reasonably-priced, table-delivered lunch in a quiet spot. Sounds simple, but not easy to come-by in this neck of the woods. Check it out and say hi to Dona :)
5	Been here for breakfast and lunch. Love the food and the entire look of the cafe. It is newly opened and the detail inside is so comfortable and cozy. Food is great and people are nice.
5	Been to Dona Kay multiple times. Loving it everytime. Great food, great people, great atmosphere. Definitely going back!
5	We just had the best Saturday morning breakfast prepared by Donna.  Our expectations were exceeded from beginning to end.  Food was wonderful and the service was amazing.  We even received a text later in the day asking how our experience was.  What a great start to our Saturday.  Curt Henderson
4	I was able to call in my breakfast order to go at this place great idea really close to work for me. Perfect a quick pick for me for breakfast.  I was looking for a breakfast sandwich but the owner did not have croissants or English muffins but she offered me a burrito and I loaded it with veggies, cheese and salsa.  It was good the eggs where cooked just right and it was not greasy at all.  I think she also mentioned a sourdough breakfast sandwich that sounds good I will have to try it next time.  I also got a coffee, this also tasted really good. It had flavor and tasted fresh. I have had lunch here as well before today, a, Caesar salad, nothing special but it was good, the salad was fresh and dressing was not to tangy. So far I like this place, very clean and very friendly. I really like there hiking theme as well.
5	OMG....I just had the best Grill cheese sandwich at this little cafe! Sourdough with a grilled buttery taste, with a couple of different cheeses. The pepper jack cheese sticks in my mind the most I have never been offered an adult grill cheese with pepper jack! To die for and will make you want more!
5	Absolutely awesome first time here will not be our last.  Biscuits, Gravy and Omelette outstanding.
5	Definitely as good as it gets! I've worked in the area for 7 years so I was really excited to see a new, affordable venue in the area. Dona and her staff make you feel like you're part of their family the minute you walk in the door. The food is just as fabulous. You're able to call in your order and pick it up. I've had breakfast for lunch and their daily specials are awesome too.
4	Do small things well. The strawberry goat cheese salad was very good. The daily special quesadilla was a winner also. Fresh ingredients, hand prepared from scratch, with the most homey attention make this a value sensation
5	Gotta give one more star. Best biscuits n gravy in Phoenix(Scottsdale) I lived in the South and prefer my own over the goop served in most breakfast places in the Valley. Not so at Dona's. Flaky biscuits, savory gravy, quality sausage. Throw in superb friendly service, and you got to give a top rating.
2	Very friendly staff. Cute lil nook of a place, clean and nice.The food was just ok. One guest order eggs over hard, and both dishes came out over easy, even as the server asked, who had over hard.Hash browns and toast not browned or warm enough.No omelette options on the menu at all.Went because of the reviews on the biscuits/gravy, but didn't have today, and not a regular menu item. Suggestion to add them.Coffee refills slow and when it came time to pay, put the credit card away after awhile and paid cash so we could leave. Think there is potential here, but need to improve in some areas.
3	They catered a meal for our company and I wouldn't mind giving this place a try at the actual location.  Catering is always a toss up since the food isn't fresh serve and you have to hope it holds up to travel and burners instead of a griddle and a short walk to your table for the server.The eggs were a touch bland, but not bad by any means.  The potatoes were cold, but again - catered, not fresh served so fingers crossed they are toasty on-site.  The best part was actually the fresh fruit they served!  It tasted like they got it from the farmers market the morning of - delish.Will definitely have to go and give them a whirl and hope that they are even better in a seat on-site!Overall rating: B+
5	Great lunch.  Fast service.Friendly atmosphere.
5	Really great food, wonderful people and a convenient location near the 101 freeway.  You got to give this restaurant A try.
1	The food is very generic. "Breakfast served all day long" but they're only open until 2pm. I mentioned my yelp check-in for a free coffee twice and they didn't take it off my bill. I won't be back.
2	Service ranges from atrocious to bad to just average, and at some point it's just not worth enduring and I give up.  Sure, I can cut some slack because it is a small locally owned business with family working there, but you have to draw the line somewhere.  Menu options range from rather standard breakfast fare to a few less common items, but the prices seem far too steep for a place like this.  It might be Scottsdale, technically, but it's a run down strip mall and it's rather modest on the inside as well.  You're just not paying for atmosphere or nice location here, so the prices are a little unexpected.  Food portions aren't particularly large for the price, and for some of the simpler breakfast plates like a basic 2 egg breakfast you're looking at around $8... whereas normally those similar plates are more like $5 at other breakfast spots.  Food is fairly good but nothing spectacular.   With the service and value issues, I think one ought to give this one a pass.
5	Awesome pumpkin pancakes!!  Great service and great to patronize a small business that has an involved and engaged owner!!!
