5	This is a wonderful florist shop inse the Market LV in the Tivoli Village shopping plaza. It is run by amother and daughter team, both super friendly and helpful. I went in wanting to buy a specific X-mas wreath, they had posted a picture on their Insagrampage and I loved it. Right away they recognized me, and I et them knowI wanted that exact wreath. It is super gorgeous with green roses in it and pepper beery, bayberry and cedar. It smells divine! They even gave me a Yep discount, yey! They have large terrariums and pots with flower arrangements and single fowers to take home as well. Will be back in soon to puchase more flower arrangements!
5	I needed a modest (under $75) floral arrangement ASAP for my parents wedding anniversary.  I called after 6pm needing delivery the next day.  The owner (the mom,  I can't remember names) could not have been nicer and more helpful.  We spoke about the look and feel I wanted, I was equally specific and vague in my requests...and then she delivered herself the next morning.  I knew about the delivery because 1) she sent me an email with my receipt AND a pic of the amazing arrangement, and 2) my mom called seconds later to rave about the beautiful flowers.   Highest marks for 1) listening to me (even used the cool bark vase I liked) and keeping the flowers in budget and 2) customer service in personal delivery, not overcharging me for delivery and sending me a picture--how thoughtful!Will definitely useThimbleberry House again!
5	Getting Roses for someone special. I like this little shop! They are attentive to your needs and help you out w/tough decisions!! Super friendly as well :) Very cool arrangements already set up!! A little hard to find though. It's upstairs, inside The Market shops :)
5	They do fantastic work, extremely quick. Contacted them at 1pm on a Saturday and spoke about the arrangement abs price. By 3:30pm the same day the flowers were delivered to my wife at work! The arrangement was such a bargain for what was sent and my wife loved it. Thank you again, I will definitely be using your services again.
5	Our wedding flowers were GORGEOUS.I met Jan and Joy at a bridal show and immediately liked them. Their display was beautiful, natural-looking, and exactly what I had been looking for. This mother-daughter combo made us feel comfortable and worked with us to achieve the look we wanted.The biggest thing I loved about them:Our first estimate was much more than we were willing to spend. My fault, because they had no idea what our budget was - I forgot to tell them! It was NO problem getting my quote down to something more realistic for us, without cutting the big things we wanted. They helped us incorporate decorations we had been working on for months and multiple ways to save money.The colors and flower choices they picked were unique and exactly what I had imagined, but even more so. The pictures my photographer captured with the bouquets and boutonnieres, etc. were absolutely gorgeous. On the day-of, they set up everything, using the decorations we had left for them and what they planned on bringing themselves. I wish I could add a picture here because our centerpieces were to die for. Simple, elegant, and perfect for our backyard wedding. Not having seen it before the festivities began, it was the first thing I noticed when we arrived. They also worked with our caterer to make the food display pretty, and our cake girl to add succulents on our cake (as previously planned). An out-of-state friend of ours joked about the decorations, "We will never have anything this nice when WE get married." For our situation, they made a beautiful quality display within our budget and helped us achieve a look that looked way more expensive than it was!! :DI should also add, the deliveries to the church were organized, labeled and on-time!A huge thank you to these awesome ladies.
5	Have used Jan and Joy for everything from one of my best clients to an arrangement for my 6 year old and they always exceed expectations!  I love that its a family business and they take pictures of the arrangements you order and text/email them to you. Customer service is incredible and they always deliver on time. Only florist to use in Vegas!!
5	This morning about 9:30 I decided to send my sister a pre-birthday boquet from California. I called Timbleberry House, based on their Yelp reviews and the ordering process was very easy.I asked for a boquet in the $70 price range, including delivery charge and it was received by my sister just a few moments ago. She was in love with it and sent me many thnaks by text messgae and Facebook post.Great customer service and wonderful product!!!
5	Much more than a florist if you are looking for some creative help on a gift this is must visit. Thimbleberry House is now my ONLY florist and decor shop.
5	Very happy with the service and floral arrangement here. We literally called just a few hours ago, and the flowers are already ready for delivery.
3	The ladies there are really helpful and the shop is super cute. However I bought two hydrangeas ($10 per stem) and even with following their care directions, they only lasted 2 days...
5	Excellent service, great arrangement, and fast delivery! Doesn't get much better then that! Will be using them again.
5	I called Thimbleberry House from Salt Lake City needing some flowers sent to my brother & sister-in-law.  I don't know flower arrangements well, and the lady who helped me was awesome at describing several options.  I decided on a orchid bouquet and they were able to deliver the same day.  Here's the added touch.  I received a text from her with a photo of the orchids and they were more beautiful than I expected!  She also sent a text with my receipt.  I really appreciated her help and patience and will be sure to call Thimbleberry House again in the future!
5	The customer service here was so good - it was surreal! And I AM NOT exaggerating!!!I believe it was Jan who took my call from CA, asking at 5:00pm if they could deliver flowers that same day to family in the Summerlin area. I couldn't believe that 1) she said yes, and 2) she was so nice and patient about making sure everything turned out just the way I wanted, and within my price range. I wanted a girly-looking arrangement, but I wanted to include something for a little boy as well, so I asked about a teddy bear. She said they didn't have one, but they could go get something that would be suitable. My jaw about hit the floor! Had I suddenly been transported to Mayberry? Now this is a parallel universe that I could get used to! At the end of our conversation. I got emotional explaining the "occasion" and dictating a note. It could have been awkward, but Jan was very comforting.Three hours later... Joy was unable to reach my family on their cell phone to get their gate code. She left me a voicemail while outside the gate, then waited a few minutes until I called her back! Once inside, she realized I hadn't given her a unit number so called me back to get that. I'm guessing it was a total of 15 minutes outside and in the complex before she was able to get to their front door. I'd think a lot of delivery people would have left, understandably,  given that the customer had given incomplete information.  Not only did Joy put in the extra effort to make the delivery happen that night, she pulled it off without a hint of impatience or frustration in her voice- and I'm sure after a long day of work. Her tone could not have been kinder. I think she and her mom understood the significance of the day for my family, and wanted to make sure they got the items that day. Oh, and they found the cutest little tiger to accompany the flowers!I read the news and look around me, and am disgusted by the lack of good will, decency, and common courtesy in our society. In my 50 years, things seem to have gone from bad to a lot worse. Even something as simple as a checker at a store who doesn't bother to say hello before taking your money. And then -  a couple of florists remind me that there are still some wonderful, genuinely kind people out there. Thank you, ladies!!!
5	I found Thimbleberry House on Yelp and selected them based on reviews and proximity to the church.  I needed a large floral delivered for a memorial service and found them to be INCREDIBLY polite and helpful. Their website includes many samples of their work which made the selection process so much easier. The arrangement was stunning and I know this because they emailed a photo of it prior to delivery and the family couldn't say enough about it.I highly recommend them and would definitely use them again.
5	Love coming here for fresh flowers! I cannot wait until October when its Peony Season. The sweet lady who im assuming is the owner is always helpful and polite. Their flowers also last a lot longer then the ones i used to buy at whole foods. this is the perfect little summerlin flower shop.
5	gave them a budget for an arrangement for my wife and i was really impressed. My wife loved them. Great place great owner
5	Thimbleberry House is my go-to gift and flower shop in Summerlin. Located in the Trails Village Circle Shopping center right next to Starbucks. You can immediately tell this is a true neighborhood shop. Its so beautiful and contains such neat gift ideas. I have bought from Jan and Joy since they opened and have loved each item. Did i mention how awesome the flowers are!? They last twice as long as any flower Ive ever bought. They come in beautiful wrapping as well just incase your buying flowers for someone. They currently have Peonies too, my favorite!They also have candles. And they are phenomenal. They come in one of a kind glassware and are made by a local candle company. The scents are so amazing and when lit they really fragrant the whole house.For Christmas they had amazing decor as well. If your ever in the Summerlin area I highly suggest checking out Thimbleberry House.
