5	When I have to leave Charlotte on business I bring my older Labrador (12yrs) to Granbar Kennels. I am always pleased with their level of care for my animal as my lab has come back happy, healthy, and clean every time. I definitely recommend this kennel for all your animals when you have to travel.
1	I have taken my poodle here dozen of times but not anymore.I picked my poodle up and he was cut under his neck.they didn't tell me.the time b4 that he caught a double ear infection and maybe about 3 times b4 that they cut him on his skin near were he pee.mind you i didnt ask for them to clean shave him there..the nick this time was the last straw..Plus now he has all this flaky stuff coming from his coat and i found a patch where you could tell she totally skipped.and the owner has about 6 poodles so why do they keep messing up mines. If the lady with the jacked up eye is there take your dog and run
3	After a last minute decision we decided to use this kennel to board our dog while we went on vacation. They conveniently allowed our dog to board with hardly any notice, and after their normal boarding hours. Being already very nervous about leaving our puppy who doesn't seem to like anybody we felt reassured with the welcoming words of the owners and assistants. On top of that the front desk assistants said we would be contacted with a report on our puppy's activities and overall state. While on vacation across the country we did NOT receive one phone call, not even after leaving a message. When we finally called and talked to them after them having our "child" for 4 days they were very vague about our puppy's activities and mental state.When we picked him up, honestly he looked like he was eating healthy and his coat and gums looked good (despite him smelling like kennels that aren't cleaned regularly).Another plus was that we provided a dura bone that you put peanut butter in to keep puppies occupied, which was used because there still a little bit of peanut butter left.Our puppy was also exposed to different people and other dogs, which is good for us because he really needed the socialization. So having him not bark at the sight of something moving is a miracle! Overall we were satisfied and happy with the services until this. As I was rubbing my puppy's stomach I noticed something like a rash around his privates. Completely unacceptable...not the rash itself but the fact that the workers aren't paying attention to the dogs physical well being. I would at least expect a call! Even if its a call saying "we tried to check out your dog and he wasn't receptive to our daily checks" so at least I know they tried and have an excuse for not knowing our puppy had a rash spreading to his stomach!  I really don't think I'm a difficult person but some things you can't just give a pass. Don't think I will sacrifice convenience and socialization for lack of actual contact with me and my puppy.
3	You get what you pay for... My experience was okay. The place does look a little creepy but the lady inside was nice. My dog looked pretty good when I picked him up and seemed fine. The prices are very good so I will probably try this place again.
