4	Filibertos is my default if I do not have cash for Rodibertos on Union Hills or just need a burrito ASAP. I like most of the things I eat here. Carne Asada, Green Chili, Chicken Asada, beans, rice, all except the beef tacos. They are always over cooked or not enough filling. Everything else about this place is good. Clean, Quick, Nice. Just check your order before leaving the drive through.
5	When anyone from Phoenix, or especially Tucson, considers a Mexican food joint ending in "...berto's" it is extremely easy to picture a place that is rather disgusting and probably about to get shut down.Not so with Filiberto's. This PARTICULAR location breaks the stereotype of the abused and unclean fast Mexican food restaurant by actually being cleaner than most sit-down restaurants. I've been going here for quite some time now and this location is always spotless and the food is always excellent.I never have to worry about getting sick when I go to this place. There are awards for their quality and cleanliness all over the walls. If you've been burned by other ____berto's places, give this one its rightful chance, you'll be getting what you were intended to.Well done!
4	this filiberto's is clean, newer, and serves up some quality mexican food. i like the breakfast burritos, especially the steak and egg, at any time of day (or night). hot sauce isn't watered down. the rice is super good. staffers are pretty friendly here too. solid location that doesn't smell. 4 stars.
3	Okay , what am I doing at a Filiberto's? That was the question of the evening, but it was Thanksgiving Eve and I had food to make , kids to quickly feed and my home from college daughter had a friend to meet nearby. So Filibertos it is. I ordered my traditional Mexican fast food  meal a  red  bean burrito.  Whoopee ..no big deal ..nothing to taste, blandness with  a wad of shredded cheese at the bottom...didn't get sick even though I have heard stories.   Place was clean and seemed  okay  . Girls thought theirs were just okay.  No harm no foul.  But I am not going back.
4	Good chips and salsa.  I usually order a burrito and taco combo.  I love the shredded meat in both.  I hate when you get chewy pieces at some resteraunts but they never seem to have this problem.  Rice and beans are also good.  For a "fast food" place they have really good food.  Good prices too, I always have leftovers for lunch the next day which is just an added bonus.  I think I might hit their drive-thru on the way home tonight...yum!
4	Filly Bs. I LOVE this place. This location is particularly good. I love their taco tuedays, something about their chicken tacos is just good. I love their carne asada tacos, chicken tacos, and their bean burritos. If you want cheap, big portions of good Mexican food, Filly Bs is it. It's not by any means fine dining or a "restaurant", but it's a good quick stop place.
4	3 Stars is A-OK in Yelps definition, but I'm feeling this should move closer to Yelp's 4 stars = "Yay! I'm a fan".  Tasty Mexican fast food at reasonable prices is what I've experienced.  Friday was $1 off Fish items and I had the Fish burrito.  Crispy fish, well portioned wrapped in a flavorful tortilla filled with cabbage and pico de gallo.  Add a soda and total was $5.33. Service was fast, green salsa at the Salsa bar had just the right amount of heat and flavor (I really like Salsa Verde).  I'd say they are doing it right.
5	best in the valley
4	Great Beef Tacos . . . 99 cents on Tuesday. Bean and Cheese Burritos are always good. Chips with Guacamole are good side for the starving ones! Awesome Friendly service, LOVE how they remember the regulars . . . Overall - - BEST Fili-B's in the Valley!
4	Strip Club+ lots of drinks+ Filibertos Carne Asada Burrito= great night!
4	99 cent Taco Tuesdays! Yep this is why I come to this place. That and their super nachos should be illegal. I do find that their breakfast burritos are more expensive than other places which is weird because they all taste the same, so why almost a $1+ more? At any rate, Tuesday nights, me and Filberto's usually have a date :)
2	Thought we would try out Filaberto's for Taco Tuesday because of the reviews on here. I was not impressed! Maybe there are better items on their menu but for the 99 cent tacos I would much rather have Taco Bell. These tacos were not that good. The shells were extremely hard, I thought I was going to chip a tooth. The filling was tasty but when picking up to eat, there was a pool of grease on the plate. The hot sauce is in a big pot that you help yourself to, but was as runny as water. No more Filaberto's for me.
1	We went here based on all the positive reviews. I should have lowered my expectations. We ordered chips & guac and several 99 cent tacos (fish, beef & chicken). The tacos had a hard shell which I actually like and were topped with a TON of shredded lettuce and shredded cheddar cheese. I mistakenly thought this food would resemble authentic Mexican, it did not. Cheddar cheese does not belong in the kitchen of ANY Mexican restaurant.The beef tacos were 80% lettuce, 10% cheddar cheese and 10% meat. Seriously, where's the beef??? They give you more meat on the chicken taco. I decided not to eat my remaining beef taco, instead I gave it to my husband who ditched the lettuce, cheese and shell and added the beef to his already skimpy taco. The food was along the same line as Taco Bell. I don't dislike Taco Bell, I just prefer real Mexican food.The guac was not bad, it was also covered in cheddar cheese.
2	nasty late night food.. ewww I was in Arizona on Thanksgiving weekend stopped in after the casino and wow so nasty! The drive thru was supppppperrr slow I had a van with 8 other people the food took about half an hour! ohh you know when ur really craving something and it isnt fullfilled!?? Dont get the horchatta! sooo watered down it was disgusting and no one was impressed by any of the items we ordered. Half the order was done incorrectly anyway. But, the positive part the lady giving us our food took back my horchatta very rudly and gave a soda instead. Then she literally threw my old horchatta across the resturant into a trash can..i guess thats were it belonged oh well never doing that again!
2	This place isn't bad but it sure wasn't the greatest!  The girl who rang us up looked like she needed a nap and a personality boost.  The meat tasted pretty good but my carne sada fries seemed a little americanized. Still satisfied my craving for mexican food but i wouldn't say for sure i'd ever be coming back.
5	Awesome Mexican food, fast service at drive in or sit in and eat...try the new fish tacos, they're great, and authentic, too.
3	Priced Decent, Quantity Heavy. Just ordered a side of chips and got almost a pound of chips. I love chips and salsa, but this was too much than i thought. Anyway the food was good and seems to have a authentic Mexican flavor to it. Worth a short once, particularly if you are pretty hungry.
2	This location at 19th ave & Bell is normally my favorite Filibertos to eat at, I've been going there for years, even after moving several miles away. I pass up the closer Filly B's to go here. Not anymore.In the last 6 months it has REALLY gone downhill in quality, and service isn't too far behind. Tonight we, again, wasted over $35 on food that was un-edible. Of all we ordered, 1 shrimp burrito was *almost* finished out of hunger. The other shrimp burrito was beyond the normal heat that accompanies it. It was SO flaming, spicy hot it was un edible. It burns just thinking about it today, and I like a bit of heat normally. Even my husband who loves HOT said it was too hot.The super nachos were ruined by horrible tasting beans...they were very old, "antiseptic" tasting and bitter. The dark brown, over fried and many burnt chips didn't help. The nachos were trashed.Worst of everything was the 2 orders of menudo. The meat was disgusting- over cooked, slimy, fatty pieces of nasty, cheap meat- there was no honeycomb tripe barely at all. I wouldn't even feed it to my begging dogs. It was like having a mouthful of hot slime, I had to spit out. It was gag worthy. (3 weeks ago it was delicious- tender but firm, a good blend of mostly honeycomb/lining )  The last 2 weeks we've ordered the menudo its been wasted. It didn't even taste like it had been cleaned well. Perhaps they were serving reheated menudo from last week- who knows.. Even the lemons tonight were slimy, broken down & squished...rotten in spots where they were brown.I can't begin to tell you how many times its been bad and food has been wasted in the last 6 months. I'm finally at my wits end...we've probably wasted close to $200+ in food in the last several months- 70$ in the last month alone. I keep going back thinking its a fluke because it simply happens on occasion-but not anymore. I'm tired of my hard earned money being poured into a restaurant that no longer cares about quality.
4	Multiple visits.Always good food and service.
4	Ate here recently with my boyfriend. When we walked in the aroma of Mexican food filled the room. The set up is like a fast food restaurant. However the food itself was AMAZING. We owned our own Mexican restaurant before and we always find ourselves comparing with what we had. The potions of the food were huge and it was really authentic. The Chile Verde is spicy but it has great flavor. Even a basic plate like the cheese enchiladas is loaded with flavor. There was a salsa bar which is a great idea because there were multiple ones to try. The obly complaint that I do have is the bathrooms weren't clean there were paper towels all over the place and there weren't any seat covers.
3	We eat here often, good rolled tacos with lotsa cheese, not too greasy.  We like the chimichangas but the beef ones always have lots of onions and peppers and not too much meat.  I just tried the chicken chimi and this time it was all meat, some beans and no onions or peppers, I'm confused?!?  Oh well, it was good but needed salt.  My husband had the chile rellenos and he said they had too much egg breading but were pretty good nonetheless, not stellar.  The guac has lots of large onion chunks but it's got a good flavor.  Check your order, it's been wrong a couple of times.
3	It's your standard Arizona 'Berto's type place. Big burritos. (Attn: San Diegans - This is NOT Roberto's. It has similar offerings, but you are gonna be disappointed in the salsa department. Fair warning.)They make a pretty decent carne asada plate, but I usually go with the carnitas plate. That's pretty good.The guacamole isn't worth the price. Skip it. The green salsa is pretty tasty, but lacks any punch whatsoever. The red is watery and also lacks punch.If you are really hungry and LOVE fries - you can't go wrong with the Carne Asada Fries: Tons on the plate. Tasty, but expensive. Definitely enough to share with 1 or 2 friends.No Mexican cokes.Taco Tuesday is a good deal at 99cents though. Chicken or shredded beef.
4	People will say what they are gonna say bout this place but the breakfast burritos are 2nd to nobody's..   They take to time to boil the potatoes and make the tender as opposed to throwing a frozen French fry in the fryer..  Crispy bacon and lots of cheese..  4 outta 5 cuz the service is a little slower then it really should've ..  I will return soon for another..
2	Here's the deal, I have eaten there a couple of times and each time I have hopes that it will be better than the last time. It never gets worse but it really never gets better either. The food is not authentic like they like to advertise and when I first moved to AZ I had such high hopes. To this day I tend to make better mexican food then I can find out in Phoenix. And seriously, no chicken ALL day? What was up with that. The staff is NOT friendly at all and have the look of drones on their faces.
2	worst taco salad ever  I ordered this item every time I go this time stale tostado shell no beans to sour cream  no peppers no guacamole no lettuce all I got was tasteless meat  the cook was throwing things around fighting with the cashier . I pass at least three other resturants including one right in my near my home but have always enjoyed your salad  will not return as long as the cook is still there  will try another taco shop . he really  ruined  my day
5	Talk about integrity!  While ordering lunch on 10-12-2014 at 2:38pm, at Filibertos 17224 N 19th Ave, Phx., Az... I dropped over $200.00 cash on the floor without knowing it.  Fortunately Veronica Monrroy was hard at work cleaning the floors.  She found the money and brought it to me.  This is a fine example of integrity, honesty and good business.  Veronica Monrroy is also friendly and gracious in her work ethic as is exemplified by her kindness.  Not only is the food great and other employee professional and friendly, it is a clean well keep restaurant.  A customer and referral for life. Rick Melville
1	Ordered beef enchiladas, never had them with bell peppers and onions before.  Pretty nasty tasting.  Will not go back
