3	I can only speculate Tony's is authentic Mexican Cuisine (Which sounds funny because Tony makes me think of Italian - you know the old joke..."To NY"... Anyhoot.) As I've not been that far south yet. Tony's is a Taqueria for Gringos I guess? All the stuff on the menu is photographed and translated into English. The food is flavorful and relies on the food as opposed to being overpowered by excess oil & spices.  I like that every table has a variety of 3 different hot sauces and the waitstaff is extremely nice and pretty fast. Overall I am not exactly sure you wanna come from all over to hit up this Mexican joint but if you're in the area it's most definitely worth the trip.
4	I was meadow's mall and my family was hungry and we decided to grab something really quick. FYI - Meadows mall is across the street from spring preserves. I was really shocked how well these little tacos tasted.I ordered 12 Tacos, Carnitas (pulled pork) with cheese and guacamole.The tacos had diced onions and cilantro, just squeeze the lime and ... WOW dam good for mall food. I am not sure i would drive all the way from Henderson to get a Taco, I would think about it though :) ... I think the gas in Chevy Tahoe would cost more the meal. If your at this mall for some reason give it a try. I think i should have ordered 4 more. The 12 tacos was shared by 4. The tacos it self is only $1.25 and to add cheese .25 cents and guacamole another .25 cents. Man just writing this review wants me to sneak off from work and grab a bite.
5	Trying to find a pair of pants and skipped dinner. After seeing my other options and reading Dwayne's review I choose Tony's.I was not disappointed. Great customer service, great tasting and very flavorful dishes. I was not expecting good Mexican dishes at a food court. I even went back and tipped them. Im not cheap by any means but outside of the coins in my change I never tip at food courts thinking its more fast food than sit down but these guys earned my extra tip.
4	Mall food courts. Not known, at least in these parts, to be the haven of exemplary eats....Most malls have your basics covered, chinese, mexican, pizza, burgers and so on. Tony's, however, is really a step above the average. The food is really really good. Ok, so they don't make their own tortillas on site, big deal. The food is fresh and prepared to order and best of all, the dudes making the food are super nice and will customize just about anything. I kind of order off the menu a lot and they were more than careful that they got my order right, double checking with me as they went, "Sir, you don't want onions, right? Why you are correct  my man!"They have a selection of lunch combo plate specials and even with that, their prices are pretty inexpensive. Sorry Hot Dog on a Stick, sorry McCrappy's...Tony's gets my money every time
4	Food's good but they charge you a "service fee" for using a credit card which is annoying. Otherwise best hard shell tacos I've had... Really! Hard shells are really light and thin but crispy. Very tasty. Pork is best. Lunch specials are pretty good,. Always check to see what the lunch special is. Haven't had anything there I didn't like.
