1	Ladies if you are looking for a comforting and pleasant experience for your mammogram you will not find it here. I just went for my first mammogram ever and it was not a good experience at all.  Everything started wrong with them not providing the correct address. After finally getting to the correct spot the receptionist was completely unwilling to help with getting the order from my doctor despite the fact that there was no one else in the office that she needed to help. The tech called my name and didn't even smile or appear happy. Once we got out of the reception area she looked at me and said "so why where you so late". Being totally taken aback I explained to her that I was given the incorrect address and I was not actually late; I was there 5 minutes prior to my appointment time despite their address screw up. At this time I nearly wanted to turn and just leave. I didn't feel welcome and no one so far had been pleasant. The x-rays were fine and the tech did a fine job despite as my boobs where being manipulated by her hands and the machine she spent way too long talking about castrated chickens. Yes, castrated chickens. After she was done I went to change. When I came out there was no one to be found and received no instruction as to where to go or what to do next. I walked back out to the reception area and asked the receptionist if I was to check out there. She said you're all done; you can go. I walked out to my car with no idea of how or when I would receive the results. I called back to ask and I was told that the envelope that I was asked to write my address on would be sent to me in the mail with the results within 2 weeks. There you have it ladies...be prepared to be informed that you have breast cancer via your own self addressed letter in the mail! For something as intimate, scary and important as this procedure is, I would highly recommend you find someone else to go.
3	I have been going to Arcadia Radiology for yearly mammograms for over 20 years. The techs are professional and Dr Nocera is wonderful However-it takes about two weeks to receive your results by mail. Last year I received my results by mail 7 weeks after my appt. Surely there must be some way to shorten the wait for results--other labs have results in 2-3 days-why not here?
2	I have been going here for over 10 years. The main reason for  bad rating is their total lack of communication with my physician. I am also writing this after the third year of such lack of communication.Often my doctor will tell me that they did not get results. I will then call and ask for the results to be sent and they may or may not get sent. They also do not use modern methods of communications (sorry, faxes are so last century). There is no reason for me to wait 2 or 3 weeks for my results--if at all. The communication problems have been especially problematic when I have had to come back for further testing. The front desk has a disconnect as well--i I call and ask a question, I rarely get a follow-up call. They'll say something like "I'll research this" and never get back.Now as far as the care itself---in general I have had a good experience with the mammograms themselves. I have also had breast ultrasounds and they have been done by Dr. Nocera herself and she is very thorough and reassuring.I may go back one more year but if it does not change in the communications area, I will be switching.
3	Radiologist through a CT scan stated I had a 7mm kidney stone.  Went to a Urologist who did not see the stone on xray so he went into the kidney through my urethra and found NOTHING, no stone. NOTHING at all.Finally spoke to radiologist who stated that there is definitely a stone in my kidney.
