5	I can't tell people enough about this business.  They are a handyman service that is one of the best I have ever used.  They were quick, found the problem right away and the price was excellent.  I would use them again, as they are helpful and didn't mind using boodies when coming inside, as we are a shoeless household.
5	Handy hero services was absolutely outstanding for changing out my kitchen faucet.  Joe was on time, very knowledgeable, courteous, and did an outstanding job.  They were available for the time that I requested and when I called handy hero services, they were upfront and very accurate and reasonable on their prices.  I will use Handy Hero Services for any of my jobs around the house.
5	Have a condo in Ahwatukee which I rent to an elderly lady, she called with a number of issues.  I searched many site including Yelp.  While Handy Hero's had a few reviews they were all 5 stars.  I decided to try them and am very glad I did.  They called my tenant, set up the appointment and came out to take care of the issues.  the tenant was confused on a couple things which caused some additional trips but Handy Hero's handled it. Some of the issues were a result of previous work which wasn't performed properly. The tenants was very pleased with their courtesy and work ethic.  I was pleased that they handled it in a minimum number of hours and with very reasonable costs.  Having someone you can rely on and fell comfortable that they will do only what needs to be done and do it well and at a reasonable cost is very reassuring.  I will definitely use them again and will highly recommended them.
5	Its one thing to have a low hourly rate, but it is another to work fast and efficiently saving the client money! These guys were GREAT. I had a long list and they knew what to do for everything, saving me money on how they approached some of the fixes. They were courteous, professional and cleaned up leaving our home spotless. BRAVO!! I would recommend these guys to anybody. Mike is a great guy and the people he sends really know their stuff.
