1	I signed up for 2 separate accounts with the Owner Eric Owen (the owner) It was a combined fee of 5,000 a month.  When I received the first list of Keywords they were terrible. Originally Eric told me that he had personally reviewed them and then after I went over them with him he said that they were "trash"  They sent me another list later and again I had to meet with Eric and his team. The case manager could not tell me what words we would prioritize and I again had to cross out many of the words since they had to do with places I didn't do business and for hotels in cities I don't even have a business in.  I was told by Eric that my request was "Very Reasonable" to ask for what keywords would be mapped to which pages of my website. I left for a trip the following few days and when I was able to get internet to review the keywords nothing that Eric promised me was delivered.  I was upset and felt like they had broken the contract for lack of performance.  Eric agreed we were not a good fit... Imagine my surprise when they held 5,000.00 of my money even after they didn't deliver.   During my last meeting with Erica I was promised the Keyword list that he had told me he saw in his office that day... I received an email he needed to find out from his employees what was going on and that I would get the work I had paid for by the next week.... That was the LAST I ever heard of Fasturtle    5K for a terrible keyword list and broken promises....
1	Buyer beware: if you're looking for a company for SEO or any other website services, DO NOT use this company! My company signed a contract with Fasturtle with one of our sites ranking (at the time) #1 on Google. Two years and tons of money later, one of our websites has fallen off of Google completely and our other site that was #1  had slipped down to the fifth or sixth page (we were blamed for this, by the way).No proactive actions were taken when the rankings began to slip. We received no warnings when suspicious links were found (by us!) on our websites, and one of my sites was down for two days until I had a customer call and inform me it wasn't working. Fasturtle had the audacity to charge us for fixing the site that went down on their watch! Every single time we had a problem on our websites, we were the ones to locate it. Their "customer service" (that's an oxymoron) is horrendous; turnover at that place is insane which says a lot (I must have dealt with at least three different "sales reps" for our account) and I had countless ignored emails and calls that went unreturned. We have since dropped the disservice of this company and enlisted the services of another company and, despite the mess left by Fasturtle, are on our way back to our former high ranking. Now working with a proficient company, I can see just how incompetent the services of this company really were- I don't know what they did with our money besides let bad links on the sites, not update anything, and ignore our calls. I'm just relieved we don't have to deal with these people anymore, and I strongly caution anyone considering their services to look elsewhere.
5	Love these guys!  Can't say enough good things about them!  When the Children's Museum of Phoenix needed a complete overhaul of their website, we chose Fasturtle to help us. They took our wants/needs/ideas and created exactly what we needed. Our web traffic has increased exponentially, and we also hear comments about how customer friendly the site is.  They have also played an important role in our fundraising efforts having created our gala site for two years now.  The team is fun, friendly, and courteous and are extremely responsive to our needs. We have used them for website design, search engine optimization, and have received valuable feedback on our email marketing campaigns.  They are always there to help with any needs that we may have and I am thrilled to be working with them.
