5	Great Food, Great price, Great people all around Great... So good 3rd time this week have been hear... The people are soooo nice.. Way better than panda....
3	Just the typical Chinese food. Got good reviews because the food was delivered warm and met expectations. Will be our routine Chinese delivery place since we live so close. The delivery time could've been improved.  We literally live around the corner and the delivery took over 50 mins.  But overall this place is good.
5	Really enjoyed dinner here tonight. We got the Family Dinner A with wonton soup, 2 egg rolls, 2 cream cheese w/crab wontons, Mongolian beef, and sesame chicken. For only $23.00 this was a great deal and a lot of food. Everything was very tasty and was out very quickly. The staff was nice and the restaurant was clean. This will now be our go to for delivery. If you want fast, delicious Chinese, stop in and give them a try. We're glad we did.
3	Pretty good.  Not too pricey,  good portions, clean restaurant, friendly staff.  Had the family dinner A. Deff enough for 3.
3	Service is great! Prices are crazy though, in my personal opinion two entrees and an order of pan fried dumplings for $27 is kind of a shocker. The food is good but it's not $27 good. Very nice customer service.
5	Great food, nice people, open on Sundays, super cool. Will come again when in area. My daughter loves the pot stickers.
3	3.5 STARS   Chopstix is a small Chinese Restaurant with a take-out atmosphere located in the Mark's Street Walmart Supercenter Shopping Center (southeast corner of Sunset Road) in the building parallel to the road. Located a considerable distance from the Walmart Supercenter, there is sufficient close by parking.   Driving all over the southeast valley on the search for Plantar Fasciitis boots, I was hungry by the time that I left Sear's. Recently, I observed a Chopstix in the nearby Walmart Supercenter Shopping Center. From that time forward it lived in my head as a mental bookmark. It was time to scratch off this mental bookmark.   I am a fan of the Chinese restaurant luncheon special. When the Chinese restaurant is high-grade, the luncheon is very reasonable. At Chopstix, they feature both a luncheon and dinner combination special. The luncheon specials start at $6.25. The dinner combinations start off at $7.25.  There are two reasons that the Chopstix luncheon special stands out from the majority of  the Chinese restaurant luncheon specials that I have ordered. The first reason is that the Chopstix luncheons exclude the customary soup of the day which is usually egg drop or hot and sour soup. The second reason, is that in place of the noodle based chow mein, the Chopstix luncheon includes lo mein. A beverage costs extra here. For the record I don't recall Chopstix giving me a fortune cookie. It's all good though.   Off the luncheon menu, I ordered the shrimps with lobster sauce. The kindly woman who took my order and payment chatted over all the people that like shrimps with lobster sauce. Maybe if I had told her about all the people who love New York style chow mein they would of added it to the menu. Anyways, I'd see her one more time when she delivered the food to my table.   The shrimps with lobster sauce luncheon included the following : lo mein (which I stated), an egg roll that resembled a spring roll, and fried rice. With a soda, the luncheon special came out to around $8. It was $8 well-spent. The shrimp with lobster sauce was delicious. The delicious shrimps and flavoring of the lobster sauce served with savory lo mein is tasty food that leaves me with a favorable taste of Chopstix. It is a favorable taste worthy of 3.5 stars. Since they never gave me a fortune cookie, I'll write a fortune that says,  "You may return to Chopstix when you are in the Mark's Street Walmart Supercenter Center parking lot before 4 'o' clock."
4	Love this place, order from here all the time. Real egg rolls, great food and great service. Fried rice could be better but everything else is awesome. Customer service is good too.
4	Good food, nice and hot wonton soup for a cold night. Orange chicken for me, sesame chicken for him, specials w/spring rolls, and lots of rice too much for me. Just right amnt of spice in orange chicken. Most of the business was take out, we stayed, clean dining area, tv with silly game show. Only problem was when the door opened and the cold came in. Staff stopped by the table to make sure all was good.I would return when in the mood for asian cuisine, and in the neighborhood.
