4	I packed pretty light, figuring I'd do some shopping with my bro while in Vegas and pick up some new clothes for our Saturday night adventures. We've wound up with pretty similar tastes, edging somewhere between rockstar and metro, and we had a blast hunting for finds in a thrift store in Santa Cruz a while back. After dinner we split from the rest of the guys for an hour and hit the Mandalay Place shopping strip, located in the underground walkway between Luxor and Mandalay Bay. The first store we came to was Metropark; we made the obligatory metrosexual references and headed in. This place had a spot set up for a DJ to mix, though there wasn't anyone manning the table. Loud music and video screens, and a lot of pretty cool threads. I found a rack of shirts, including a favorite brand of mine, Roar. Good stuff, me like. A sales gal named Ty came up and helped me look for stuff, as well as set up a dressing room for me while I looked. Real cool. She was excited to hear about Seattle, peppered me with questions, apparently thinking of coming up here. Mike told her she belonged in SF. Either way, she'd be escaping the 108 degree heat. Seriously. WTF.I'm in the process of dropping weight like crazy, so shopping for expensive clothes is dangerous. My bro found a pretty cool shirt he wanted me to pick up; they didn't have my size, and was a bit tight, but we agreed that I'll probably fit into it by the end of the summer and it will make a good goal to look forward to. I also grabbed a light blue Roar shirt that immediately made my eyes change color. Me like. Wait, I said that already. Well, hey, I'm a fan of recycling.Both shirts were on sale. Very nice. I wish they had more selection in larger sizes. The one I really wanted was only a small, and I'm 6'1 with broad shoulders. No fricken way I'll ever fit in a small.I also picked up a new belt buckle, looking forward to sporting that sucker. Big, shiny, metal. Sweet.
1	This review is for the conduct of the employees and not for the brand.My friends and I came to Mandalay Bay around 1030 to walk around for a bit.  I spotted one of my favorite stores, Metropark and my friend and I decided to go check it out.  I took not even two steps into the store and this idiot kid came leaping over the displays to tell us that the store was closed and they didn't want anymore customers.  This was maybe 10 minutes before they closed and there were still other customers here.  He nearly hit me with his acrobatic tricks and if he had tripped on the table the three of us would have hit the glass doors hard enough to shatter us.  My friend and I were both shaken up so we were like "wtf are you serious?!?"  So we left without an apology or anything.  Afterwards the more we thought about what happened the more pissed off we got so what did I do?  I went back the next day and asked to speak to a manager.  After laying into her on what happened she informed me that they have surveillance camera's and that she would check them.  The best part of all this was that the idiot kid that was working the previous night was there ALONG WITH someone from corporate headquarters.  I made sure that everyone in the store heard every single word that I was saying and I'm pretty sure that that little prick no longer has a job now.
4	Located inside the Mandalay Place shopping center is Metropark.  Metropark offers name brand clothing, accessories, and lifestyle.  Alternative clothing was previously unknown to me until entering this shop some time ago.  Here I was introduced to lines like Mek, True Religion, 7 for all mankind, Affliction, and Obey.Clothing taste is a personal choice and some will find the lines and styles to be amazing, others will only like certain things (like myself), and some won't be impressed.  However, the service is always good and the prices are reasonable.
