4	Dropped into this roaring busy Old Country for their $5.99 special.  It's billed as breakfast, but if you come about 10:35 you'll be inside & enjoying your very inexpensive Sunday Dinner by 11 when the food & the price changes.This is a good part of Mesa, & the restaurant is nice inside, & set up as you would expect for an OCB.  This morning, they had a huge amount of food out.  It would take forever to name off even all of the main dishes, so here are a few things.  Do you like MEAT?  Ok, there was:Fried chicken, baked chicken, meaty barbecue style pork ribs, large shrimp, small shrimp, THREE kinds of fish, delicious flame broiled pork steaks, ham, turkey, fajita chicken, picadillo (taco meat), sausages, bacon, & probably more.  Then there were also casserole dishes with meat, plus zillions of other things to choose from, hot & cold.These guys are really knocking themselves out to please right now, & at $5.99 I'm a serious fan!     :-))
3	I came here Friday night with some friends and have to say, its not so bad.  It's been A VERY long time since I have been to an old country buffett....the old out of sight out of mind syndrome.We went for dinner service, and foro the 3 of us to eat, with drinks it was about $37.  Ouch.  I was expecting it to be about $30 for all of us, but it was a few dollars more then we had expected.  No big deal really, just wasn't planning on spending almost $40!  Not bad though.I have to say, they had quite a selection.  They had several different buffets going, and many dishes that looked good.  They even had a grill area that had a chef guy cutting food....nice!  I got a little bit of steak, and it was tasty.  yummy.Anyways, not such a bad place.  Will probably be back in the future!
3	Okay...I'm not a big buffet fan, but the Old Country Buffet is da bomb. It's really affordable too. Me, hubby and the step kiddies can eat here for around $35. The food is actually really good, way way better than Golden Corral. The kids love it because of the drink bar. You can refill on any type of drink you want, from sweet tea to blueberry icees. Hubby and I love it because you can get quality cooked food, which is surprising for a buffet including, salmon, cheesecake, fried fish and more.
2	Well it has been a little while since I have been here for lunch or dinner. I did come here for a networking meeting about 6 months ago and that was pretty good, but I didn't pay anything for it, but would have. My girlfriend and I ran in here the other day and wish I would have went to Golden Corral, but didn't have the time. There is really no selection and it hasn't really changed in 10 years or so. The manager was sitting at the table as you walked in and talking to a few people, one who used some foul language. The waitress was actually great though, I did tip her well for her service. The quality of the food was ok, but just not the selection or quality of Golden Corral and they charged us $23 for both of us for dinner with 1 soda and a water with 2 dinners. I just don't think you can compete with Golden Corral, so don't charge their prices. Keep up the good breakfast though.
2	I'm not a fan of buffets. So, why did I go here? The in-laws. Basically if you want to eat a ton of food for cheap, this is your place! Yes, they have a large lunch selection, and lots of drink choices, but that is all this place has going for it. So, I see pizza, and I think, pizza, they couldn't possible screw that up! Wrong! It made frozen,  cheap totinos pizzas taste like gourmet. MMMmmm, chicken strips. Wrong again. How did they get them so salty?
4	It's been over a year since my initial review of this Old Country, so I rounded up Mike C. & we whipped over here to see how the place is doing by now.I'm happy to report that this place is still soaring with a high 4 Stars!  Everything was right on our visit, & this particular Old Country has some nice little extras that you don't see at all of their locations in the Valley.  For example, there is a big display I would call a "sauce cabinet" where they offer lots of condiments beyond what you expect...  various sauces, seasonings, & so on.  Also, our server came by the table offering little hot breaded jalapenos.  To me, extra efforts like this count, & I really like the place.  So where's the 5th star?  Well, the casinos can afford to put on a higher end buffet at still reasonable prices, so they tend to grab my 5 Star ratings for American buffets.  With that said, Old Country Stapley here is a winner, so come see whether YOU think it's 4 Stars or 5!     :-))Lunch Buffet $6.99/$6.49 Sr.
4	I am finicky and picky. I don't really like buffets. I find the foods usually old, stale, bland...etc. But not this place. The food turns over quickly, it's warm, its clean, there is a huge assortment of food, the salad bar is fresh, the lettuce is crispy. It's actually the best buffet I've ever eaten at, with the exception of maybe the pricier vegas ones. Way better than any others in the valley.
5	Wow, it's been another year & a half since my last update of this Old Country, so here goes:Mike C. & Robyn N. joined me for lunch here today.  Now if you're not acquainted with Old Country Buffet, this is a big place serving Mom's Midwestern home cooking.  The food is always good, & they run a smooth operation with few errors regarding the food, the service, or operation of their locations that I have visited, nationwide.  I like THIS Old Country in particular, because they seem to have a little more upscale food than the location over at Metro Center where I usually go, & also they serve three choices of soup here rather than two.     :-))Lunch Buffet $6.99, $6.29 to $6.49 Sr.
1	Not good. OCB is not a place for quality dining. It is best suited for folks who prefer quantity over quality.
4	I've eaten at this buffet three times, once for a Sunday dinner, once for a Monday dinner and once for a Thursday dinner. Sunday was very busy but Monday and Thursday weren't. However, the quality of the food was just as good during the week as on Sunday. Even at 8:45pm they were bringing out fresh dishes when they closed at 9pm. The only reason I knocked it down a star is the price. I've been enjoying it because I've used buy one get one free coupons so my guest and I have been able to dine for dinner, with drinks, for under $14 + tax. At regular price, which would be $9.99 for the dinner buffet plus $1.99 for drinks is a little pricey. It's totally worth it to splurge for the drinks, though, even if you're normally a water drinker. In addition to Coke products, they have white and chocolate milk, a variety of coffees and hot chocolate, a variety of teas and Icees!The customer service is great. The employees are friendly. My only real complaint is that there aren't any napkins at the table. You have to remember to get them when you get your silverware at the buffet.
3	Old Country Buffett gets a bad rap but honestly to me their food (with the exception of the salad bar) is just as good as Golden Corral. The main difference is that this location of OCB and most others are terribly run down. I mean the atmosphere makes you feel poor for eating there. I like that they have a beverage bar here and you can get whatever beverage you want when you choose to (they have sodas, Icee's, and Cappuccino machines). The service is super friendly and accommodating, well worth the money- I just wish this place could get a remodel
3	Typical buffet with powdered mashed potatoes, lots of chicken dishes, and a decent salad bar.  Place was fairly clean, lots of food and they were bringing out new pans as soon as the other ones were empty or almost empty, so that was good.  The warm bread pudding with soft serve vanilla was soooo good.  Good for what it is.
4	We had not been here for a year+ or so, and things have improved greatly. Everything that I tried was pretty good, except for some Asian styled chicken bits that was old and very tough. Probably reheated too many times. The staff is, as always, friendly and helpful.  We stopped for dinner, then came back for lunch a week later. Dinner offerings were a little more upscale, but lunch was acceptable as well.Everything but the previously mentioned chicken chunks was fresh and tasty.  The variety seems endless.We'll be back.
2	Got together with Mike C. to go out to a Thanksgiving Buffet today.  We tried for Golden Corral down the street in Gilbert but the line was way outside, so we came up here where there was also a wait, but shorter.  It was good, as always, but there were some negatives this time:*  The soups:  There was an ordinary Corn Chowder, a weak Cream of Broccoli, & ordinary Chicken Noodle.  They should have done better than this for Thanksgiving.*  There was no cottage cheese.  (They don't always have it, but at these prices they should have some today.)*  There was turkey, but breast meat only & no dressing!*  Over at the dessert bar there was no hot fudge (& it looked not as if it had run out, but rather that they just didn't offer any today).*  There were no sundae cups.  I had to go over & get a soup bowl to make a sundae.*  There was Hot Lava Cake (or "Hot Fudge Cake" I think they call it here), but it was sorely lacking in lava!Thus, it's down to 2 Stars for this restaurant that wasn't as good as it should have been for the money.Thanksgiving Buffet $12.99/$12.49 Sr.
3	Not bad tonight
4	I've been coming to this Old Country Buffet with my family since I was a little girl. I can't tell you I haven't had a couple of bad experiences, but generally this place is pretty good. The staff are always friendly and they try to keep things as clean and fresh as possible. I definitely prefer breakfast/lunch over dinner here though, I always find everything is a bit better during the day.It's not very different from any other buffet, but I guess out of family tradition I'm obligated to like the place. :)
1	This place doesn't have much to choose from. Waitresses take too long to clean up dirty tables. Beverage area was always dirty.
1	Was in the neighborhood and decided to try this place for lunch.  I was very dissatisfied.  First of all, their prices with drink, are higher than Golden Corral, and their food sub par, both with respect to quality and selection.  On the salad bar, the romaine was yucky - wilted, brown, and some pieces with spoiled, black splotches.  Funny, since the iceberg lettuce selection and the spinach was nice and fresh...I assume the manager was asleep at the switch.Two or three of the chicken dishes were overcooked and dry, as was the marinated (?) pork dish.  The steamed fish was dry and smelled bad; like the fish was old.  And some veggies were squishy, overcooked like what you get in the deep south.  And no beef selection.It just was not a good dining experience.
2	This location has too many tables and not enough buffet. I counted 5 counters including the drink station. Freakin' Hibachi Grill has way more selection. Other Country Buffets are great. This one needs therapy. No chicken enchiladas here. Don't you know, Country Buffet, that's what I went there for? They had a tub of chicken tortilla soup but absolutely no soup bowls. Tortilla soup on a plate leaks into the other foods. Not good. Oh, and they have French fries but the ketchup is nowhere to be found. And that's what I noticed about all the condiments. They aren't next to the right food. Hubby said the pizza wasn't good. My chocolate cake was very stale. I think the chef was a Le Cordon Bleu dropout.
3	Too many seats, so little food! Not a lot of options but what's there is really good.-Pros: the drink station, you can choose from soda, coffee (different kinds) and icee, the desserts and salads are also goodCons- the booths ae to small, and it gets a little crowded at times But overall not that bad
2	Aah, Old Country Buffet, one of the first buffets I ever went to growing up. As a matter of fact, this and the Superstition Springs one were the two I went to.About maybe 11 years ago, we went to the S. Springs location.  We went there probably once a month and enjoyed it each time.  Until one day, we noticed the rotisserie chicken wasn't cooked all the way.  All my mom did was ask the waiter to tell the cook that the chicken wasn't cooked all the way.  Then they got the manager and he scolded us saying "Well, you guys are just trying to get a free meal"  After a little big of an argument (mellow on my mom's side) we left.  Last time I ever been to one.. until a couple weeks ago.Anyways, enough about the past.  Went here for a lunch one day, just, you know, see if it changed at all.  Walked in the door and totally remember the winding entrance (be quiet, it's nostalgia for me).  Were greeted and seated right away.  I remember the big drink station in the middle.  There were a lot of tables of course, then I looked at the buffet.  "Wheres all the food?"  I know it was lunch time, but the buffet was way small.  I've been to dozens of buffet's since this place and this place is childs play compared to others.  The quality of the food is pretty much the same since I last remembered, maybe a slight less.  Probably won't come here again though, there's other buffet's out there
5	Awesome food, awesome service. GREAT prices. The lady who's job is to just take the dirty plates and cups offera Tapatio or Tabasco hot sauce. She will here and there eventually also ask if we needed anything. Not just our table, pretty much all the tables. She earned a $10 tip from me. Definitely coming again due to service.
4	Vincent was a true delight during my parents last visit to this location. He extended a warm greeting while the cashier stumbled to find her customer service footing. While my mom was getting plates for herself and dad, Vincent made casual and friendly conversation with my father.  These visits to local eateries are becoming less frequent for my dad as his Parkinson's disease claims more and more of his mobility and control. For whatever reason Vincent chose to bestow such kindness, it was much appreciated.
1	I went there for dinner . When we arrived the lady at the front counter was very nice but was very slow and a long line formed behind us . After we paid and got a table we started to check out the food . The food was slim pickings as there was not much out there . We got some food sat down and ate. We were not thrilled . The food was dry and cold . So we went back and looked there but was nothing that we wanted . We took a look at the desserts that looked like they were supposed to be cold but the cheese cake and pudding was warm and did not seem fresh . More food was out and it was better . The meat was not as dry the rolls were warm not cold and the Mac and cheese was hot . We sat at the table for a bit and relaxed and we both started to get sick so we headed home . We both ended up getting very sick from eating there . I would not recommend going there .
4	= = = = = =  MUCH IMPROVED!  = = = = = =Yay, saw a big improvement here today over the last time I visited this Old Country a while back!  I stopped in for lunch today, arriving just before 11 AM to enjoy the lower Breakfast Buffet price.  The staff  members were cheerful, the place was roaring busy, and there was PLENTY TO EAT, with 123 main food items out, plus sauces and dressings.  There was good Menudo, creamy Cottage Cheese, and little skillets such as we see on the Vegas Strip.  One set contained "Steak Tips & Loaded Mashed Potatoes," and another "Pulled Pork & Cowboy Potatoes."  At the grill area beef roast, turkey and ham were being sliced & served to order. Everything I ate was fresh and tasty, served at the right temperature and the trays were kept properly stocked.  The table service was excellent, and the Manager even circulated around to each table to say "Hi" and make sure everyone was happy.Lots of different tasty desserts were on hand to finish up with, and the whole feast measured up close to the excellent Golden Corral Buffet down the street.It's a HIGH 4 STARS this time for this Old Country Buffet, where the fare was just $7.49/$6.99 Sr. entering before 11 AM or $8.49/$7.99 after...  an excellent value at either price.     :-))
2	This place has went downhill.  The service is still pretty good with a friendly staff, but the food is same ole stuff.  I went for lunch multiple times over last year and they do the same food everyday.  My most recent visit revealed that they are putting less out there to choose from as some stations were closed. Not worth the price anymore.
1	This place is disgusting its so dirty and all the food was dried out and I got a salad and there was a huge hair in it I've never had a good experience here its over priced for mediocre food
1	went here for dinner and it was HORRIABLE. they had no meat really that only thing was some roast beef that was extremely hard, the taco salad and taco shells were stale, the featured dessert was hard; there was only one waiter working for the whole place. Very disappointed we all felt very ill after leaving. we don't be returning. Cost way TOOO much
2	The price they charge for a drink is OUTRAGEOUS! Sneak a drink in or say you don't want one and get one anyway.
4	Great selection, great food. Mostly hits, rarely misses. I enjoy this buffet over any other in the valley.
1	Disappointed. Under new management? It's been over a year since we last ate here.  I had an uneasy feeling as we got out of our car, but I didn't want to show my uneasiness. While walking in, I saw a big glob of chunky yellow substance, I almost turned around. I told my husband, "Let's go to another place, I think this is a sign." He gave me that look a husband gives his wife when he's not changing his mind."Ok, nevermind."As we got closer, we discovered it was cheesy mac and cheese. Shrugs shoulders okay, continue on. It must be that good for someone to sneak it out.I told the hostess, "Just so you know, there's food in the parking lot, you might want to have someone clean it up." She just smiled.  Umm okay.Still cautious, I decided on salad. Finally I was brave enough to try some hot food (french fries & stuffing). My husband came back with his plate, fried chicken, mash potatoes, gravy, mac and cheese! I have always raved about their fried chicken when we ate here in the past. My husband took one bite and it was bloody. I surprised myself by not overreacting. We calmly told the waiter. My daughter and I decided to get dessert (cookies, still playing it safe). We both came back and the manager or owner was at the table. She apologized & said,"We took the chicken back and carefully took it apart.  We discovered it was a vein that popped and was full of blood."I gagged & nearly got sick all over the table. I exited the building, there was still that yellow glob still in the parking lot, that did it for me, I got so sick.  Sorry to the people who saw me get sick outside the restaurant. Never, ever going back. My husband came out with ONE coupon to eat free. I shook my head and said, "You can eat here all by yourself next time." He crumpled it up and threw it away.
