5	I love this place! I just spent $11 there on 5 items, one of which was a 'Lapis' skirt that retails for $40...brand new, never been worn, tags still on!! Thank you Shannon W. for bringing this wonderful little place to my attention! There wasn't any kids stuff...just FYI for other moms out there...but don't let that stop you from checking it out!!! they have wonderful clothes and shoes galore! Go and shop for yourself.  Shopping at Halo was possibly the best shopping experience in my 3.5 years of motherhood because they have a 1 eyed cat and a chinese crested dog that kept my toddler thoroughly entertained! If that isn't just the bee's knees I don't know what is! Go to Halo!!
3	This is SO unfair. How could I possibly give a bad review to an organization of volunteers whose main purpose is to save our cute canine comrades from the electric chair? Well....here goes. It's a very well organized store. I would say it's 85% women's clothing, 10% furniture and accessories and 5% men's clothing. So, really not much for me too look at. And no, I don't have any drag events coming up. Rickie, however, did find a beautiful vintage dress, black lace with a pearl satin lining, that he, no doubt, will turn into a priceless gown. But I definitely had to step outside, as the store smelled like the back of my Aunt Helen's stale, mothball riddled closet. Yes, I used to play in her closet....she had more pumps than a truck stop.
5	OK, now maybe my affinity for all furry, 4-legged creatures makes me biased, but I absolutely love this store. Before my girl went to NYC we had to buy her some sweaters and long sleeved shirts. We got 2 really nice, angora GAP turtlenecks, a DKNY argyle sweater, and a striped comfy Banana Republic sweater for 24 bucks. All the pieces were in excellent, like new condition. Best part, that left 6 bucks for me to get a pair of shoes. Now I am a bigger girl, and they don't always have much for me in the clothing area, but they more than make up for it with a stellar selection of accessories. Sure it's a lil bit cramped and has that unmistakeable thrift store smell, but the bathroom is clean, the prices are great, nicely organized and the crazy lady behind the counter is helpful and passionate about her animals. Just for the love of God, don't forget to close the front door soundly upon entering, or you may let an animal loose!
5	Honestly the best part of this place is the unbelievable deal you can get on pet related products. Because they are one of the primary income sources for HALO Animal Rescue, people that have pets, tend to make donations. You can almost always find pet carriers for under $10. They have dog crates for training and you don't have to shell out a fortune for them. They have fish tanks that will allow you to let little Johnny get his feet wet in the world of pet care and the associated responsibilities without breaking the bank. If you are a person that shares your life with animals, you understand the rarity of these kinds of deals!Yes they have clothes, furniture, tchatchkies, etc., but the real deals are on the pet products.As a side note, HALO recently leased the MCCAC location at 5231 North 35th Avenue (It was the previous Maricopa County run cat adoption center). So if you are looking for a companion (cat or dog), check them out and support one of the fastest growing no-kill efforts in the US.http://www.halorescue.org/index.html
2	-CLOSED Mondays.-Overpriced stuff....furniture or home decor that I have seen at Antique Shops for LESS!-Very small and mostly filled with junk (I know it's all donated).-Halo is located in the same strip center with some antique shops and a consignment shop. -Sadly, I stopped coming into Halo whenever I am in the area.-Stinky restroom...smells like urine, pee-pee men's restroom.-Staff sometimes acknowledges you.-Convenient parking.
5	Wonderful Thrift store that raises money for Halo Animal Rescue.  The prices are very reasonable and the store is tidy - no weird smells or old, worn items. All this year (2012) I have found really beautiful cocktail and fancy dresses.  Scored a new pair of designer sandals for $20.  I don't always find something, but I am looking for things I will use, not just shopping to buy "stuff".They also have great pet things - I have purchases a bunch of brand new dog collars for a $1 (my sister uses them), cat toys and a really nice cat carrier!
5	I had been wanting to go since I adopted my pooch from HALO a month ago. I called today and asked if pets are allowed in the store. The lady said absolutely and I packed my pooch and off we went. (Note, because of the delicate nature of items in the store I would not suggest taking a large dog.) The store has 2 large rooms full of different trinkets, treasures, china, dishes, etc. and then after that another room that carries their shoes, clothing and accessories. I got a small Coach bag that could be used as a makeup bag, I found a canvas bag that would be perfect for the beach, a cotton Chicos t-shirt and a Hershey's candies metal bucket with lid and I spent $11. A good majority of the items come from the items that don't sell at My Sister's Closet consignment shop which only carries high end merchandise, so you really are getting a good deal here and it is going to benefit a good cause. I will definitely make a trip up here again. The ladies inside are very friendly and helpful it was very much like shopping at any boutique.
4	I always stop in at Halo Thrift Store whenever I'm in Phoenix.  Nice store with friendly staff, and all for a good cause.  I was there yesterday and got two suit jackets, a sweater and some cat toys for under $20.  What's not to love?
4	Great prices, friendly staff. Nicely organized. Excellent, I mean, rock bottom prices on pet supplies. Large dog crates for $10 - 15. Great organization to support to boot!
5	I loved this little gem of a thrift shop!Not only does your money go to a great cause, HALO Animal Rescue, but they have super reasonably priced items that come from My Sister's Attic and My Sister's Closet. You can get a pair of designer heels in great condition for $4!! The staff is really friendly and the shop is super cute, I am addicted! :)
