4	AH the joys of walking into a beer shop, filling up your bottle and going home. Not only are you saving the environment but you get to drink beer while doing it. Seems pretty legit in my book. Growlers just opened up a few weeks ago in Morningside, and if you have not been there yet you need to take a trip on the 15 bus which drops you pretty near to it about a block away. This place has all sorts of wonderful beers on tap that the owner ( or workers pretty sure owner though) will let you sample any one you want. Theres also a small variety of ciders if thats what your hankering for.  You have a 1LT size bottle and upwards to 3LT I believe. As Alex J. has mentioned already you pay a deposit for the glass and then pay for your beer and they fill it up for you. I believe the beers rotate so sample away and then decide what you want. There are loyalty cards to that will go towards your next purchase when you fill it out. This place can be busy from what I could gather while I was there. The owner is a nice gentleman who will happily chat with you and fetch whatever samples you would like to try. I was throughly pleased with my visit and the beer I got. The only thing wrong and Alex J. seems to have had the same problem ( but nothing major) was my beer was a little flat. I chalk this up to being artisan beer and going from the keg into my bottle. Its not a big problem for me at all though as I will still be coming in to fill my bottle up , just a tad bit more fizz would have been nice.  Maybe this was just one of those days though so really I am not going to worry about it. Other then that if you want to drink beer and not feel guilty and do a good deed for the day ;) head on down to Growlers, fill up a bottle, save the environment , and enjoy yourself. I truly hope this place sticks around for a long time because I will continue to enjoy the deliciousness of all these beers and ciders.
5	A brilliant new business overing a unique product: real ales and ciders to take home in eco friendly recycleable bottles.  As others have stared, there are free tasting, friendly helpful staff, and delicious beer. I wasn't that bothered by the flatness of the beers. Maybe i picked real ales that are pretty flat anyway, or most likely, they have fixed the problem. Conveniently located on the 5, 11, 15, 16, and 23 bus routes. A welcome addition to our fair city!
