4	Around the holidays I like to check out Pier and see all the beautiful Xmas stuff they have. I was not disappointed. They have some amazing stuff I want to get to decorate the house. I also found a few things for my list for Santa! I could blow a wad of cash here..but why when I can ask for it! The salespeople are always so friendly & helpful when I have a question. Can't wait to come back and do more shopping!
5	Hands down I haven't had this good of a shopping experience ever! I went to pier 1 looking for counter top stools and outdoor cushions for my lawn furniture as well as little home nicknacks. I enter hesitantly because I have my 11.5 month old son with me. Obviously I'm not a crazy shopper who is fine with ringing screaming children into a quite store or a raging toddler into a glass house! But I digress, I enter and was greeted so warmly you would have bet it was holiday season. The nice lady smiled and said how cute my son was a preceded to assist me with my entire shopping experience to make it easy on me. She saw I wasn't about to put my heavy child on the grous for fear of him breaking something and she did see that I was getting weary. She helped pick my cushions, stools and my glasses, took them to the register and even held my boy for me while I was digging for my wallet! All her associates were amazing as well! Team work was evident and these girls had amazing personalities! I was thrilled to feel so comfortable at this home store! I'd go back a million times over and even pay a little more money for items their strictly because of how awesome the associates were! Definitely five stars!
3	I found nice decorative pillows for my couch $$$. Also found 3 really nice vases for cheap! I wanted plates and wine glasses but everything I liked I would have to order . I'll just go to Macy's Home.
4	Pier 1 is a place I could easily get lost in. And one where I could walk out with 15 different things that were not what I went in for. If you like decorating and pretty things, Pier 1 is a great place. From throw pillows to patio furniture to mirrors to plates to bathroom soap to everything in between - Pier 1 has got it. And it's all pretty, cute, and not outrageously priced. This particular location feels a bit cramped, but it's clean, neat, and organized. And the staff are pleasant and helpful.
