5	Mona is a Psychic Reader and has a radio show.  Not something I would normally recommend, but Mona is much more than that.  Mona helps people straighten out their lives and get on course.  A session with Mona is less a "Psychic Reading" and more like an honest heart to heart with one of your best friends.So I guess I'm saying "she's not that kind of Psychic."  Basically, she won't tell you what lottery numbers to pick.  She will give you solid advice on the coming phases of your life.
5	Had my first reading with Mystic Mona this morning and was totally blown away. Her reading was dead on and she gave me some of the best advice I have ever received. She even recorded the reading so I could play it again to refer to in the future. Will definately tune into her radio shows now!
5	So happy with my reading... I would recommend her to anyone! She sends you a disc after the reading  which is awesome!
5	Amazing right on everything from my past and present, and great news for my future I am already recommending her to my friends
5	Mona is an Angel! I recently had a phone reading with her and I really feel that her gifts deserve a different title other than Psychic. No Psychic has been as accurate as Mona, as easy to talk to as Mona, or as insightful as Mona. Because of her intuition and advice, I feel a sense of peace and hope that is priceless. I am so grateful that I found her!
5	Mona is unbelievably gifted. I had a reading over phone about 3 months ago. She gave me insightful advice and and all the things she said was 100% on. I was even able to confirm with the person a few weeks later. I recommended a friend to call her and she did and her reading was also right on.  So that friend of mine recommended her friend. If you have never gotten a reading before let Mona be you first. You will love her. She is simply amazing and gifted.
5	I can't tell you how impressed I was with Mona.  From the minute we connected she didn't even want to take my money.  I had just lost over a thousand dollars on two other psychics that month who may or may not have just used my weakness for an extreme  financial windfall. I still didn't get any firm answers concerning court litigation I've been battling for two years against an ex husband who is hell bent on leaving me penniless.  But Mona immediately knew at this time it was not spending more money on a psychic I needed.  Instead she advised me to spend every day before the upcoming court case in one on one talks over a lighted prayer candle with my angels and God- preferably in a church setting.  And to come see her after the case is resolved.  How great is that-someone who cares enough to not charge a dime for advice.  I'll be calling her with what I hope is some good news at the end of the month. Thanks Mona
5	Mona is fantastic!  Her readings are very accurate.  She combines this with helpful guidance as to what is going on and practical suggestions on how to best take the next steps.  She is also generous with her time.  I highly recommend her!
