2	I've been here twice, and both times had a mediocre experience.  The manicures are okay, but the paint chips off a little sooner than I'd expect.  They don't seem to be using quality name-brand products for their base and top coats.  I asked them to soak off my acrylics, and the woman started ripping them off with a clipper, which hurt and couldn't have been good for my nails.  She did switch to soaking them off when I stopped her, but the man in the salon had turned the tv to some gross action movie on tv, so that's what I got to watch while they soaked.  Not very relaxing.
5	This place is great! It is about $5- $10 more than most places, but the polish lasts for MONTHS. And I run around barefoot when I drink, so it is extra impressive. I have tried dozens of places in the area and this is by-far the best. My friends and I won't go anywhere else.Make an appt though- it is always busy!
5	I love this place.  I usually come here since it is right around the corner from my parents.  The pedicures last FOREVER!  The ladies are all friendly and nice, and the massage chairs are fantastic.I have been here a few times and have had a great experience every single time.  I highly recommend and will come back.  Pedicures are $28, but includes a nice exfoliating leg scrub too, so well worth it, especially since they last so long.
1	This salon is overpriced for terrible customer service an mediocre. I suggest avoiding this salon.
1	Clean but definitely overpriced. Fixed two broken nails and changed my polish... Was charged 14, when i gave her 20, she didnt even offer to bring me the change... And she kept the whole 20. I would have tipped 20% but not 6 dollars. It turns me off so much, i dont see myself coming back here anymore. Salon stuffs were nice to caucasian customers while they were kinda blunt and rude to me. Yuck.
1	The male nail techs watch TV while giving you a pedicure. They also chat it up the whole time. A little respect please! Sheesh!!!!
2	There is one guy who works in the place and he is pretty good. However, don't ever go to Joanne! WOW. The first time I still had rough heels and thought "ok she wasn't really paying attention." The second time she cut my heel with the file and STILL had rough heels. Also on the second visit they sat me in the pedi chair with cold water! Then made me wait for like 20 mins before Joanne 'helped' me. Yeah... well maybe another location but forget this one unless you see the guy but I don't remember his name. He has really, really strong hands so the message was a bit rough. But at least he didn't cut me.
4	I walked in and was seated right away.  The people are nice and my mani/pedi turned out well.  They are a little on the expensive side however I would recommend them to friends.
5	This is the best Nail Salon I have been too, friendly staffs, great customer services. They have really good Pedicure included scrub, massage, callus remover and hot towel. And I like that they are very clean and sanitary. I would definitely come back again.
5	These ladies did such a great job and so very kind!! I will be back!!
5	Can guys get pedicures--the answer is yes!  It was great, except if you're a tickle feet, which I truly am.  Did enjoy the soaking of the feet, the nail trimming and most of all being pampered.  I wasn't the only guy there, so that was cool!  Do you want polish on your toe nails, she asked--of course not I answered!  Great service and if I can ever find the time to do it again, I will--but for the women--I have to admit, Red Persimmon Nails is the place!
1	I recommend this place to no one! It was a horrible experience. Everyone was extremely rude and they are very expensive...
2	I've been to this location several times and i'm just not a fan. Nothing against the shop.. Its relatively clean, all the staff is nice and friendly but for whatever reason anytime I get a pedicure here my toe nail polish chips. Its bordering on INFURIATING !! Typically I get a pedicure 1x a month. My polish almost always laststhrough the entire month with me getting a pedicure only becauseyou can see my new nail growth. This is not the case at Red Persimmon. I have received 3-4 pedicures here and within 2 weeks my polish is chipping. Not just on 1 or 2 toes literally almost every toehas some sort of chip. I at first thought this was a fluke but I now see its not. I more than likelywill not be returning to Red Persimmon.
5	Whenever I visit Las Vegas, I always stop by this nail salon to get my nails done. Gotta give some lovin' to my nails wherever I am! Every time I come here, I have not been disappointed. Ask for Kathy when you come! She is this sweet lady who is very friendly. We would usually chit chat while she takes care of my much needed manicured fingers.One thing that I love about this place is that they only use OPI products, talk about quality! For those of you who are complaining about chipping, I have one thing to say to you. Nail polishes chip, it doesn't matter what nails polish you use, it is inevitable. If you want long lasting nail polish, get gel.Because they use high quality nail polish, I can understand why their mani and pedis can be a tad bit on the expensive side. Hey, that is what you get for the high quality. Love this place and I will be coming back for my next Vegas trip!
5	My best friend wanted to get her nails done and my cousin recommended this salon to go to. It's her favorite shop to frequent and the staff know her by name since she goes there so often. Since I had nothing else to do, they dragged me along to watch them get their nails done...Surroundings/Atmosphere-It's in the busy Montecito Marketplace, but parking was pretty ample. The store itself is clean and has pretty nice works of art on the wall (so swanky, just for a nail shop!). It was roomy and not cramped or suffocating at all. There was also a TV turned on to Ellen and had soft music playing too lol. It definitely had a relaxing ambience for the girls to be pampered in. List of Services/Quality/Pricing-The store had a wide selection of services in addition to the standard ones. From nail art, full sets, waxing, and filling- they had just about everything! According to my cousin and best friend, the shop was a bit pricier for what they would usually spend, but the quality was the best they've ever experienced. They use OPI nail polish (which is expensive, according to what they told me) and only the best products for everything else. My cousin said that the shop's manis and pedis last for months, so I can understand why it would be a bit on the pricey side. You get what you pay for, right? It was definitely worth it to them. Service-The staff was pretty nice and friendly- not a single complaint about the service! They take walk-ins, and the girls were approached and greeted right away. The store wasn't empty but it wasn't overcrowded either. I got bored waiting for my cousin and best friend to get their nails done, so I asked one of the manicurists for a quick nail trim and she even filed and buffed it for me. What's wrong with a guy getting a little touch up on his nails?! Hahaha.There was another guy getting some treatment too, so I didn't feel alone!My best friend loved her nails and thanked my cousin for the great recommendation. She said that she would definitely be coming back. Both of their nails came out great and I was happy camper myself. :)
2	Very nice staff but kinda pricey. I needed a pedicure while visiting family out here and this place was suggested as the closest by my maps app. I got a French tip pedi which was ok but I've definitely had better. It reminds me of the old school French tips, girls would get in high school with the extra fat tip and kinda moon shaped with the super pink top coat. Anywho the girls were very sweet but it cost me $33.00! Next time I visit out here, I'll be looking for another place.
5	After being disappointed by all of the other nail places by my house I was hesitant about trying this one. I actually enjoyed the whole experienced and walked out of here happy. I was seated right away, the whole experience was great and the environment was harmonious. They were all friendly and there was no rush at all. They were busy the whole time, but since the place is roomy/clean it still felt cozy and relaxing. I got a pedi and mani for only $40 and paid $17 for glittery gel polish. Danny was my technician.  My nails are very sensitive, but he was very gentle and I didn't even have to ask.  I did have a few questions on the different services and prices which he happily explained to me. Just that shows to me that they really appreciate their customers and they are willing to take the time to explain. The first day I got two complements on how great my nails look and have happily refereed them here.
4	I don't understand why it's so hard to find a nail salon that knows how to do the chevron design here in Las Vegas. But I just moved near this salon and I decided to try it out. I walked in and was immediately seated. The guy that works in the back right hand station helped me. I don't know what his name is but he has a sleeve tattoo. He did an amazing job. I showed him a picture of the chevron design I wanted and he did it perfectly. He got the length perfect and I don't like my acrylic nails too thick, and he made them thinner than I've ever had. I didn't even have to ask! overall I found my new salon and my new guy!
4	I was a walk-in and they were able to squeeze me in.  Atmosphere was nice.  The ladies were very friendly.  I received a mani, pedi, and eyebrow wax.  I am very happy with the results.
5	I came here with my girlfriend, and I was extremely surprised. The atmosphere is really nice and super clean! The area is located just off to the side of the smiths in the Durango shopping plaza, it's pretty easy to find and parking is really abundant. All the staff are extremely friendly, welcoming and very attentive, I was really happy at this. The insides were not congested at all and had lots of seating, it was really cozy. My girlfriend ended up convincing me to get a pedicure with her, i was a little reluctant at the idea but ended up doing it anyways. I actually ended up really liking the sugar scrub, and hot towel wrap, it was kinda relaxing. And the paraffin wax made my feet super soft, haha. At the end my girlfriend's nails came out really nice too, the weeks after I usually run my fingers across the smoothness of them for fun while holding her hand. Most times I would get small scrapes from the chipping but her nails kept their smoothness. She was pretty happy with the results, I guess she found her new spot.
1	What a nightmare. Went in to get a full set put on. The tech was very rough and I was so sore. The next day noticed that my nails were crooked, uneven, had bubbles in them,  and I could see my real nail from the side.The nails were too small and were bruising the nail underneath.Went back in and showed them what was wrong, and the tech asked me "what did I do wrong?" Really ? YOURE THE PROFESSIONAL- you tell me!! Had a new set put on and was treated so poorly. Guess they were mad they weren't making any money off of me. I have glue and other debris on my fingers. I asked the tech to take it off and she said to do it at home. And THEN as I'm inspecting my nails she says "I need the chair" and says to get up. I am completely appalled at how I've been treated. Overpriced and horribly rude people.
5	I have had my nails done at this location for years! The shop is very clean & the staff is friendly. Hanh is my favorite nail tech, she always does an excellent job on my pink & white acrylics as well as my pedicures.  She is very creative & artistic! So if you ever want nail art, Hanh is your girl!  She has never disappointed & always takes great care of me!  LOVE HER!
5	Excellent service and friendly staff. The interiors are clean with pretty decors. Always a great experience every time I come to get my nails done. Highly recommended!
5	Not sure if Lisa L posted her review of Red Persimmon Nails to the correct salon but I have been having my nails done at the N Durango salon for almost 3 years and Kathy, Michael and the rest of the staff have been nothing but professional. From the moment you walk in the door until you leave all of the staff go the extra mile to make sure you leave happy. Kathy is the best tech, she is very personable and easy to talk to.This salon has been my go-to place for almost 3 years and will continue to be.
5	This is my favorite place to go to get my nails done. It's like a breath of fresh air. I've had problems with other nail salons is the past, and was on the hunt for some quality service and I found it here. I have never had a complaint about this store.The staff is friendly and the environment is welcoming. Everything is clean (which is a must for me) and the store is decorated so nicely (the paintings are to die for). I really enjoy my conversations with my nail technician. She is always personable and professional. It is relaxing and I absolutely love my nails after I get them done here. The gel nail polish selection is great. There are so many different colors to choose from and all of them are beautiful. The polish stays for weeks! I always leave satisfied and I plan on continuing to go to this nails shop whenever I need to get my nails done. I would definitely recommend any friend to stop by here.Plus the location is so convenient. There is plenty of parking. The store is located in the Montecito Marketplace, which is right next to Smith's, Starbucks, The Dollar Tree, TJ Maxx, Chipotle, and many other popular stores. It is so easy to stop by and get your nails done after some grocery shopping or after getting some morning coffee.
2	I came here to have a pedicure and eyebrow wax. I noticed no prices were listed but figured a simple pedi couldn't be more than about 22 dollars with regular polish...The lady doing the pedi rushed right through it because they were busy. This place seemed like more or a factory than caring about people's needs . When I went to pay, I was very surprised. 41 dollars. For an eyebrow wax and a regular pedi. I wouldn't mind paying that if they did a good job or even tried. They just wanted to whip through those customers and make their money. Would not return !
1	I went with my friend a month ago for a pedicure. A week later my big toe started to throb. I thought maybe I had bruised it? It still kept on bothering me and being on fire. So I took the nail polish off and GROSS! It was black!  I got a freaking nail fungus! I am highly upset that after all the years of getting pedis done, I try out this salon, and I get a lovely take home gift. I had to go to the doctor and she said I can take a pill that will damage my liver to remove it or get the "nail polish" type prescription and it will take 6 months to get rid of it. Needless to say, I took the nail polish prescription. DON'T GO HERE UNLESS YOU WANT A NAIL FUNGUS TOO!
5	Have been coming to this shop for 3 plus years. Staff is friendly, & they do a great job on all of their services. There are other nail salons with the same name but the N Durango store rocks
5	I would drive clear across town to get my nails done here. EVERYONE does such a great job, especially with applying the gel polish, and I hardly ever had to wait as a walk-in.  The place is clean, the staff is courteous and professional, and they have so many different colors you can choose from!
5	This place is the best in  town.  Clean, friendly staff.  Ask for Danny when you go there! He's amazing!
3	A bit expensive considering the service. I go here because its close to home. They do great eyebrow waxing but that's about the only service I would really say is great. For $13 I would say the eyebrow waxing is a bit pricey compared to other places. Their nail services are alright. They do not have the best selection of color and I feel like they try to push you out of the door and get services done in a rush.
5	Good quality service salon with friendly staff and competitive pricing. I always get gel. They do a really good job with the French.  And,  they will change the Polish without having to pay for a manicure. Unlike Pinks nails.
2	I have been to this nail salon twice.  I have gotten gels for a while now and I absolutely love them!  This place is overpriced and the staff was very rude and pushy. I was trying to find somewhere closer to home but I think I will spend the extra money on gas instead and go somewhere with good customer service.
1	My daughter and I went for pedicures. It was very rushed and not very thorough at all. My heels don't look much better. At least my toe nails were reprinted. All of 20 minutes, I was not impressed at all and won't be back.
1	I would give them NO stars at all if l could. I have never written a review and I'm usually not very picky but this was so awful I had to write one. I would NEVER recommend this place to anybody and this was the WORST customer service I have ever gotten. I usually don't have time to get my nails done and had today off so I decided to try this place. Worst idea ever. I walked in and was not greeted until about two minutes later and the employees just stared at me. Then I asked to get my nails painted with a gel polish. I took them less than 10 minutes to do it and it was extremely rushed. My nails were not even shaped right and one nail the paint was smudged. I pointed it out to her and she said she would fix it... She didn't. I felt like they didn't care for me as a customer and when you never take time for yourself and then do and walk away so upset, it's awful. I will NEVER go back to this salon and would NEVER recommend it. Not worth 20 bucks and now I have to go somewhere else to fix it. Not happy at all. Very disappointed.
5	I have been going to Red Persimmon Nail Spa for years.  Kathy is an exceptional business woman.  The spa is beautiful with the latest in high tech spa chairs that are such a treat to relax in and the spa pedicures are the best! They spare no expense consistently decorating and keeping the salon in pristine condition with the freshest colors and clean.  Tee and Kathy worked on my nails for Oktoberfest and I wanted to share pictures.  I just loved the Rockstar Oktoberfest Nails! Thank you Kathy and Tee!
1	Worst service ever! My girlfriend and I came in to get pedicures. A technician quickly ran our water and asked us to sit and relax. 45 minutes later no one made any effort to acknowledge us, let alone tell us how long it will be before a technician would be able to help us. We ended up just walking out with pruney feet and no service.
4	Love this place. Danny is the best! Quick and painless. I've actually never had a bad tech at Persimmon on Durango.
