5	First of all, nobody better buy that Master of Puppets LP in the window, you've been warned.Second, this is a cracking wee shop. Great selection of old and new, don't go in here with money because you'll lose it.Unfortunately the store does attract the following 2 people.1) Vinyl Wanks - People that never bought a CD player.2) Student Wanks - That know nothing about music, or Vinyl, but like to pretend they do.These two specific groups are hyper critical about whatever record you decide to pick up and make their opinions of about the band vocal. Simply ignore them.The staff went out of their way to make sure I found what I was looking for, so for that they get 5 stars!
4	Vinyl Villains looks dark, underground and has cool graffiti on the front of it. I'm visually inspired, so I didn't need any more excuses to go in for a browse.The guy behind the desk looked very industrious and cool when I walked in - he gave me a Fonzie nod of acknowledgement. It's a small shop and he doesn't make you feel pressurised to buy, but is very helpful if you want to enquire about anything!The stock is varied, well preserved and alphabetically laid out in here. They have a decent collection of DVDs and cheap as chips second hand DVD's (including some very recent movies). But undoubtedly their speciality is vinyl, as the name suggests! All records are in fantastic condition and they seem to have everything, from Joan Armatrading to Pink Floyd and Metallica as Stuart said. Some of the records are fairly expensive but I'm guessing it's only because they are good as new! If you're a collector you wouldn't mind paying that bit extra for obscure and rare records of this quality. Some of them were over 30 years old but you'd never guess.Vinyl obsessives will be thanking their lucky stars for the Villain's existence!
5	Vinyl Villains is great, but sadly not quite as great as it looks from the outside. This isn't the shops fault, more a problem with the fact that the once popular hobby of vinyl collecting seems to be slowly dying out, much like the mainstream usage of the medium did in the mid to late 80s.They keep up with the times by doing secondhand DVDs and CDs, and the vinyl they do have is often very sought after, and always in good condition, I just fear that over the years the amount of it will steadily dwindle. I do miss the days of flicking through a stack of 12"s.
3	Ok, I'm DEFINITELY not cool or edgy enough to be in here, but I'm here nevertheless.Apart from the staff all appearing to be Gorgeous, it's all pretty average in here. It has a job to do - sell music and dvds, and it does it. Nuff said.I don't think m fuscia y pink jacket and blue pumps fit in here...The price is pretty decent though, if you're into this sort of things then I'm sure you can spend hours browsing, but I felt a bit out of sorts.
4	Vinyl Villains is one of the few music stores I've come across in Edinburgh that actually sells Vinyl records.They've been at the location for over twenty years, and the owner amusingly told me that whilst he's got a good memory of it's beginning and the last few years, his recollection of the years inbetween is a bit hazy.This store also sells used and new Dvd's as well as the dying breed that is the music CD. They'll even buy them from you, but with business being a bit slow I'm not sure how much they would be willing to pay for. I was a big fan of the music that was playing while I was there, and I feel any fans of 60s/70s classics would definitely find something in here.
4	Thousands of vinyl and CDs of:Classic rockHard rockHeavy rockOld skool rockProg rockPost rockVintage rockEmoEtherealMetalDeath metalSpeed metalIndieJazzBluesHip hop& Rap
