2	I wish I would have read the previous reviews before shopping here. I went in for a couch and came out with an entire living room (couch, coffee table, end table, TV stand, rug, and artwork). Honestly I needed all of this stuff anyway so when they offered the free design, I jumped at the chance since I suck in that department. I liked my salesperson and designer. They were very nice, professional, and non-pressure. The problem came in when the actual furniture was delivered. It took 10 weeks from purchase date to receive the living room. Everything came at once, and I ended up with the wrong artwork and a ginormous TV stand that looked like it belonged in a mansion, not my humble living room. I called my salesperson and she indicated the artwork I had picked out was discontinued so the designer ordered the pieces I received instead. It seemed odd that I was not contacted about this and I have to wonder if there was a price difference. The artwork was for a hallway, so I didn't think too much of it. Turns out they ordered the larger version of my TV stand so a new order was put in for the correct one. Nearly 5 weeks later I received the next attempt at a TV stand. This time I received the blah version of what was originally ordered. Again I contacted my salesperson and she indicated again that they had ordered the incorrect stand and a "rush" would be placed on the next delivery. 5 weeks later again ("rush"????), I received the final delivery. Prior to that...at about 4 weeks...I sent an email to their customer service about my frustration with the obscene inconvenience I had been caused. It took 5 days for a phone call to come from customer service. All he said was it looks like they ordered the correct one this time and it wasn't good that it took them 3 attempts to get this right. That's all. I just didn't feel there was really any customer service there. I guess they are not looking for repeat customers or referrals?Now, with my correct stand, I checked it out when delivered and all seemed ok until I cleaned the dust off the top. Turns out the top of the stand is all scratched up and has chips that make it look like it's permanently dusty (it's a black finish stand). Also, one of the cabinet doors does not actually latch close as it should. I'm so tired of dealing with them. It's been 4 months to just get furniture so I am done and will live with what I got. I like the idea of the free design. The furniture I feel is way over priced because the quality does not seem to match the price (my first stand's cabinet handles were not level with each other, either). The artwork seems very cheap in comparison to its price.
5	I've always wanted nice furniture and after shopping for several weeks, we didn't have any luck. That is, until we went to La Z boy in Chandler.  We were greeted by a fantastic sales lady by the name of Lisa Proeber. She was extremely helpful, so laid back and knew her stuff!! We quickly fell in love with many things. After picking out the items we loved we scheduled and in home consultation. Things were measured and colors picked out. Once everything was done we later went back for a sample of it all put together...Wow we were in love! Shipping took about 10 weeks as all the pieces were custom made. The room was absolutely stunning once it was all together. We bought leather furniture, rugs, chairs, ottomans, a table etc. We had one small issue (one of the wood ottoman legs cracked), but Lisa took care of the issue quickly and it was fixed in a matter of a couple days. If you need good customer service, she's your lady and La Z boy furniture has lived up to our expectations...especially with 2 small kids!!
4	Susie is great at this location! Definitely ask for her to help you. I feel she was honest and genuine and my furniture looks and fits perfectly in my room.The way the furniture is priced and stocked can be very confusing. I wish it was more straightforward. But the sofa, loveseat and recliner I've purchased from here is so comfortable and made so well, I'd still want to shop here again. The warrantee on all their upholstery cannot be beat!
