1	i find i can no longer be a customer at salon christine. christine's conduct/attitude toward me regarding my valid question about aveda products possibly reverting back to animal testing was rude, unprofessional, and insulting. not only did she not respond to my facebook question on her salon's page, but only after an email to her, did she reply with a curt answer, and to add insult to injury, she's banned me from further posting/commenting on the salon's facebook page. i didn't realize an inquiry regarding a product for which i'm paying wasn't permitted. instead of setting the record straight (which should've been done), she elected to ignore my question, delete it from facebook, and then ban me from the salon's page. wow. that said, i'll really miss katie, as she's a great hairstylist and colorist.
5	I have been going to Christine for 6 years now. She and her staff are warm, welcoming, and extremely talented. The salon is relaxing refuge full of positive energy, and the conversation matches the haircut (which is always top notch). Because of Christine, Katie and the rest of the crew, I always look forward to haircut day.
1	I purchased a gift certificate up front from them only to find out that they were never going to let me use it.    I kept calling to try to make appointments and each time I called, the staff was rude and said that they had no appointments.    My gift certificate expired because they never had any appointments available (or so they said) and when I explained my situation to them over the phone, they were extremely rude.    I said that I would tell my friends and family about my awful experience there and about how they took my money but never provided services to me.    The staff said something extremely rude to me over the phone and then hung up.I will never give this salon my money again.     It's a shame that I'm out 50 bucks and have nothing to show for it.     I was scammed.
5	You know how you say, "I want a big change!" but then you get in the stylist's chair and you're like, "I'm looking for a change, but only take about an inch off," and then you still want to cry when you leave the salon bc you're hair is too short?I lost 4 inches of hair and got bangs and I only wanted to cry a little bit, when she made the first snip!  I freaking loved my hair.  LOVED.MY.HAIR.  Bangs! Bangs!  And not the kind that you thought would make you look like Zooey Deschanel but instead you look like you are 10 and your mom got your hair cut at Fantastic Sams and never, ever, ever lay right!Bangs!  Like long, sweeping bangs that fell right and made all my friends say, "I wish I could pull of bangs!"I LOVE THIS PLACE.  They moved to Lawrenceville a few years ago, and I havent been to the new salon yet bc its been that long since I've had my haircut which is so sad.  It's like witch craft, what they do with hair, and I need some magic.I highly recommend this salon.
