1	URGENT. I brought my 2007 Civic in for brake pads and the owner told me my car was in desperate need of brade pads, rotors, and caliper rebuilds. Since I had had no service on my brakes and I am not familiar with the brake system on cars, I believed him. I allowed the pads, rotors, and calipers to be serviced. After, my brakes were shuddering and grinding badly. When I brought my car back, he insisted that my entire brake system was failing and I needed to replace the master cylinder. This sounded a bit fishy so I got a second opinion. I found out later that the calipers and rotors needed no work at all, and the problems were actually caused by the wrong pads being installed. After new (correct) pads were installed, the brakes work beautifully. I will NEVER go back to Just Brakes. WHAT A SCAM.
5	Great job!Okay not on the first time I stopped and had my Harley Truck worked upon, but this review is upon the awesome customer service and the making things right the second visit to your shop. I commend you on being truthful and forward about how it was a botched repair the first time. And that you were willing to correct the problem. I even followed up a couple weeks later with sandwiches/dinner for your staff as a thank you. Hope you enjoyed them, they were my favorite(s) from VTsandCo! I now recommend your service and we'll bring all our vehicles to your garage from now on, you won me over. Again Great Job. 5 stars
5	Love that they actally show you in person what is wrong with the car & what they recommend. Very friendly staff.
1	I went in for the $18.88 oil change that I had a coupon for.  They brought me back to my car several times to show me things that were wrong with my car.  The first 2 were very valid -  I needed a new battery and new serpentine belt.  Then they mention that I need a new timing chain.  And I tell them that I have been told conflicting info from other places that timing chains dont need to be replaced.  Their "tech' guy brought me to the computer and even showed me that at 60K miles it needs to be checked and since I am at 90k - I should replace it.  I told them I would come back for the additional $850 chain belt service another time.  I went to Camelback Toyota yesterday and the service manager told me that me that Chains DO NOT need to be replaced.  They are made of metal and very rarely break - even at 90k miles.  He said that there is no reason to spend that amount of money and my chain was completely fine.    Boy am I glad I went to the dealership before I gave JUST BRAKES  more money!
1	Just wanted to write an update after receiving a call from Larry the manager.  He stated that he did not mean to deceive me at all.  But that he is old school and that in his olden days - all the belts are replaced at 100K and that it was their suggestion to replace it before it broke.  I told him that Camelback Toyota looked at the belt and told me that it was in perfect condition.  Larry then said, "well I am sure they charged you to remove the hood to look at it" and I said, No, they actually gave me a free safety inspection after hearing how Just Brakes was just trying to get money out of me.  So nothing was resolved.  I would still never bring another car there again.
1	Been coming here was all our vehicles for a few years, and pulled in with a brake pad problem and they pull this shit of charging full price. I have the warranty, but all my paperwork is home, and I have NO brakes to go anywhere. These butt head have LOST my computer files on my vehicles and insist that I've never been here before. I will be writing letters to their corporate office and I'm here to advise you to never use these f-ups for your maintenance. Buyer beware!
1	Went here to get brakes done because they were grinding and my bf and I saw we could have them for $99.88. We are on a bit of a budget and thought sure why not. We went there and they started telling us our radiator was bad which it is but we were getting it fixed soon. Then they pulled us in and said we needed all of this stuff done on the brakes and it would be $500 dollars. We took I to my cousin and he said it was just a new rotor we needed just 1. They are extremely unprofessional. Instead of working on cars they were playing in the shop area. Literally playing football with something. Every time we get something done on our car we get a list of stuff that needs to be done and our car is in great condition. I'm tired of going places and they pull this on us! But just brakes was by far the worst! DON'T COME HERE!
5	I called randomly because I felt that my brakes were not performing as well as thy should be. Ray immediately told me to come in and have them looked at. My brake pad and shoes ended up being fine- it's a wheel baring that's wonky and needs to be replaced. That's fine- I don't have the money for it right now- due to being a broke college student- but they gave me an estimate and suggested purging my brake fluid, and replacing. We did this and I got out of there in less than 45 mins from walk in. My brakes actually feel a lot better, and when I have the funds I will be looking into getting that baring replaced. The entire staff was courteous and friendly, and extremely personable- I didn't feel like they were being nice to me because they had to. I would recommend this location to anyone.
5	Was VERY pleased with the work done here! After doing the alignment they drove the car to make sure it was aligned well. He wasn't satisfied with the alignment so he redid it. We drove the car on the freeway the next day and the alignment was GREAT!
2	They were nice but said they would call in ONE hour with an update. We ran errands trying to waste an hour but after three long hours and still no call, we came back to see what was going on (you can only spend so much time in Target). When I said "that was a pretty long hour" I got the response, "we've been busy". I get that, but then you should not have told me it would be ONE HOUR. Or, you should have called me after an hour or two to say you haven't gotten to my car yet. BTW, I did call at hour two and they said they were just inspecting it and would call me in a "few minutes". Four hours later I'm still in the lobby and they said it will be another 1.5 hours. One hour is turning into six. That is not customer service.
