4	Bob's is a great little diner, with four locations in the Pittsburgh area. We ate at the McKee's Rocks location on our last visit to Pittsburgh. Upon entering, we were immediately greeted by a view of all the breakfast goodies being cooked on the flat top. One thing to remember here: the portions are very big. My wife and I split a breakfast burrito made with fresh salsa, eggs, very spicy sausage, peppers, cheese etc. My only complaint would be the potatoes. They were definitely not needed. Our server was Dawn, who I also think was the manager. She was very friendly and attentive.
5	Holy Cow was I stuffed after a recent breakfast at Bob's Diner at the McKees Rock location.  I had the Dad's double that was more then this dad could handle.  Wife had the Burrito, and consumed half of it before faltering.  The granddaughters French Toast was twice what she was able to put down, and my daughters Dad's single was to much for her.  And, all four meals were terrific!  I'd like to have the pancake recipe, they were very fluffy and tasteful. The food was worth going back for.The waitress, Dawn, and all others that assisted were fantastic.  Very friendly and extremely hard workers.Value?  Four (4) full breakfast's for about $35.00.  You can't beat that price. The restaurant is small, and hidden in a strip mall with a sign that read's DINNER.  Kind of quaint but very clean.  Plenty of parking.Will we go back?  Darn tootin we will.
5	A couple of days ago my family and I ate at Bobs Diner in McKees Rock, and so very happy we did. The food, service and atmosphere was super!!  The pancakes the best we have ever eaten, French toast was yummy, the burrito was the bomb!!  And plentiful!!  You will not leave hungry. Dawn our waitress was so attentive, she and the whole staff there were busy, and they all worked great together. Not a booth or table empty, says a lot about Bobs, and customers waiting at the door!!  Prices reasonable, restaurant very sunny, bright and very clean. Beats any other breakfast place to eat. Will go back again and again!!!
4	Was here for a Family Gathering in the begging of March !!!   The food was good for a diner but space is limited !!!  Not a good place for large gatherings !!!
3	Our family of 6 we always get Bob's bountiful breakfast. Eggs. Bacon or sausage. Homefries. And toast. Plenty of food for all. Service is always fast, but not always accurate on the order.
5	Stopped at Bobs at 2:30 pm not realizing they close 3:00 pm looked like grill all clean ready to leave for day, but they said have a seat that they had no problem taking order.  placed order and felt welcome not at all rushed.  I said we could leave but was told no problem service was great and done with a smile.  Great food and very nice service.
5	Went there the other Sunday it was about noon and it was a little busy, but the service was very good. I went to order breakfast... Then I seen the special menu. Bam there it was meat lovers omelet. Of course I had to try being my first time there.. Loved it.. The wife had been there before and she had took me this time.. She had told me how good it was and I wasn't believing her.. Now I'm telling you it's worth it.. Keep a good thing going. We'll be going back.
3	Good breakfast spot.  A little more expensive than Kings used to be, but the food is good - service is good.  Nice diner atmosphere.
