3	A few years ago I decided that having three or four chins was unattractive, so I decided that it was time to hit the gym. I decided to join LA Fitness and began seriously working out at this location to shed some  serious pounds. The gym itself is fairly large and has a lot of equipment but has some drawbacks. First, the place is very dirty and until recently didn't offer any sort of sanitation for the machines or weights. In the summer, or whenever it's warm, the air conditioning seemed to be jacked up making the facility uncomfortably warm, which only encourages more sweating.  The televisions upstairs are a joke... the screens must be 13" if that. Add on the weird crap going on in the men's locker and that was enough for me to find another gym. So, other than the few distractions, I felt comfortable working out here and didn't feel like I had to impress anyone. Three stars for getting me back in top shape.
4	This gym stands out for me because they have a really large outdoor lap pool.  I don't know of any place else that offers that.  It's an older location and not as fancy as the rest so I don't always work out there.  But for swimming three or four days a week, you can't beat a pool where you aren't overwhelmed by the smell of chlorine which seems to be a regular situation with an indoor pool.   It's also nice for cold weather swimming.  If you swim laps like I do, you don't really notice it as being all that cold when you get out. There are a core group of swimmers at this location that really make you feel welcome.  These are a really nice group of people who are serious about their swimming.The worst thing that has happened to me at this gym was when a young lady put her towel down to take some sun near the end of the lap where I was swimming.  She was quite large and wearing a string bikini.  Each time I came up to to make a turn,  I saw the bottom of her feet and her naked backside,   It was not a flattering sight.
3	I'm major into the Gym circuits. (background). This is a good location to visit if you have your goals and know what you want to do get in and get out. This location of LA FITNESS doesnt get overly crowed largely due to the fact that it's a older model gym. It's been around for sometime now. You wont find the same youthful energy, bright lights, and vibrant music as with other locations. You will find older equipment., Tv's, design. Not to take from any aspect you will still be able to get a good workout just not with the newer amenities that we have come to know with LA FITNESS. They do sitll offer the kids club, but you wont find the juice bar/
2	I like to go to the gym at lunch.  It's really the best time for me.  Having recently changed employers I was forced to find a new gym that was within a few minutes from the office.  Sadly, the only real choice is LA Fitness.The place just isn't that nice.  It's not one particular thing, it's a whole lot of little things put together.  Imagine walking into a house with stained furniture and a faint, unpleasant smell.  That's how I feel every time I walk in.Smell and atmosphere aside this location isn't very busy during the lunch hours.  I rarely have to wait for a machine so I can get in, work out and leave.  This alone is worth a star or two.It's a sad day when I have to force myself to go to the gym, not because I'm lazy, but because I don't really care for the gym.
3	This is probably my favorite LA fitness to go to. Friendly people. Aside from the people that work out I would give this a low rating cause its pretty dirty and gross. Locker rooms stink. Old equipment. They need to just revamp the place. or move it somewhere else.Staff is always friendly. Only complaint is the cleanliness.
2	I do not like coming to this one. Do not like it at all! I come here because it is half way between where I live and my friend lives. Two stars because they are remodeling soon! Thank God for that! It looks like they are making some huge changes!As for now it doesn't look like this gym has had any sort of updates since it opened. It's dirty, it smells....ughI can't tell you how any of the staff is because I never see any one working there except the front desk clerk who completely ignores me to talk to his friends. I just found out theres another location less than two miles away, We will go to that one and hope they start and finish the remodel at this one soon!
3	I can't figure out if this one or the one on Camelback is more ghetto. I will say though that between the two, this one seems to have better equipment so I try to hit this one, even if it's 37 blocks out of the way.
2	I guess you really can't put lipstick on a pig. I will say this, it's nice inside all new building and equipment, but it's very much a westside gym. Many Raider hats and 0.0 eye candy. I would rather go to Moon Valley all the same new stuff but much better loking people. I will say this, it's good to see people in a gym that need to be there, and it also seems very gay friendly.
