5	High street, Old Town is one of those touristy places you sort of expect it will be difficult to find decently priced and good food. It is usually one of the two you get.So, Real Rajput was a very good find. You don't see much from the outside, but it is a large room downstairs. The eggplant dish I tried was very good, but the Lamb Karahi was one of the best dishes I have tried while in the UK. The service was also good and fast.And did I say it was not expensive given its location?
4	Great night out on the Royal Mile, the staff here are the stars of the show but the food isn't bad either. As you would expect on the Edinburgh Royal Mile it was a little more expensive than an equivalent quality restaurant elsewhere. The staff are the stars because they provide a relaxed and friendly atmosphere for your meal, very attentive but not at all overbearing. The food was very good and I enjoyed every mouthful, an enjoyable relaxed venue for couples small family groups etc.My only word of caution I found is to visitors to Edinburgh in general, when they say hot up here they don't just mean hot they mean very very hot indeed.
5	First off, let me say we went with a group of 18 people. This pretty much took up half the dining room, and most of these were loud chatty college kids. The wait staff and manager were very accommodating and the service was very, very good.The tandoori grill items were amazing! I would highly recommend them. They came out on a platter still steaming and smelling delicious (the same way people bring you fajitas in the states - same thing). Between four of us guys we got each one and swapped and shared. They were all super good. We had each of the varieties of Naan as well. All were excellent.The chicken biryani had very generous amounts of chicken chunks in it and the rice was fantastic. I'd recommend a plate of that to share with your friends while you get a grill item.This was our last supper together as a group before heading back to the states the next day, and it was a perfect way to cap off our trip. Good food, good friends, great service, very accomodating of a large group, and well priced. I'd highly recommend stopping in!
