5	Stuarts a good guy, he doesn't put any pressure on you to sign up like they do at other gyms. Some gyms hire guys who come on way to strong, and it gets really awkward. You won't get that over here. Originally, I tried to sign up at 24 Hour Fitness down the street and the punk wanted me to pay like $300 upfront just for one month and apparently the rest of that was enrollment fees. Not just that, the guy at 24 was extremely rude, and had a creepy look on his face that was weirding me out. The prices here at ANYTIME FITNESS are a fraction of what 24 hour charges and I didn't have to pay an enrollment fee.I especially like coming after midnight. Usually I'm the only guy here or there is only one other guy. I love having a whole gym to myself. I like how there ain't no d-bags hanging out here. I'm so used to getting into fights and arguments with wannabe tough guys at other gyms like Las Vegas Athletic Club. You get the complete opposite crowd here. Everyone who comes to this gym is way cool, and they all say hi to each other, and everyone seems to get along real well. What I particularly like about this location is that it's almost 5-6 times larger than the other locations.
3	I would be happier if Anytime Fitness had a wider array of equipment or even had classes in yoga or aerobics, but the price for 24 Hour access is pretty great.
5	The Centennial Hills Anytime Fitness is now EXPRESS FITNESS. If you have a current membership, you have an option to stay with Anytime Fitness or go with the new EXPRESS FITNESS.  I personally encourage everyone to go with EXPRESS. Why? Here are some reasons:1-This Express Fitness location is almost 12 times larger than the Summerlin Anytime Fitness(the next closest location), and it's about 6-7 times larger than even the larger Anytime locations.2-The owner(Stuart) is very hands on, and provides excellent customer service. I have never seen a living worker at any of the Anytime Fitness locations in the North West. 3-Anytime Fitness locations have crappy equipment from the 1980s, and the damn access card reader always malfunctions and locks me out of the club.4-The most important reason to go with EXPRESS FITNESS: There are a ton of smoking hot chicks here. As I write this review, I realize that I really gotta get back to the gym. I used to run 6-10 miles every  morning  and then go to the gym to workout for 2 more hours after work. My bodyfat used to hover around 4 to 6 percent. Now I gotta be somewhere in the 10% range and my 6 pack has turned into a piss awful 4-pack.  You yelpers might actually see me here every night for the next couple of months. Personally, I think you people should feel very privileged to meet me in person since I'm so f*cking awesome....
1	I had previously been a member of Anytime Fitness. When Express Fitness bought the gym, I was not given an option to cancel. ASF (Express Fitness's billing) began charging my account. I was charged for six months without having a contract with this company. When I requested my deposit back for my keys $50, or for my last month $49 deposit, the manager Stu denied me. He said he was going to keep it. Do not sign with this gym. They have very few members and will probably close down like Anytime did. Canceling was also difficult. Stu would not let me cancel without keeping me in his office for 20 minutes. He wanted to convince me to stay at his gym, which I had never signed up for. CONSUMER BEWARE
1	Don't try to quit. They will keep charging you.
5	Stuart the owner of the gym is a great guy and always willing to help. I have been going here for about a year now and he told me when I first signed up that we was trying to get heavier dumbbells but Anytime fitness was giving him hassle about it. As soon as it turned to Express Fitness boom there are the heavier dumbbells that he promised. I was recently out of town for a while and just got back there today. Stuart still recognized me and brought up that he hasn't seen me in a while. It's great to be going to a gym where the owner is there regularly and always recognizes you and will chat with you. The equipment is top of the line and in great condition. It's not a Gold's Gym with all of their equipment but it has what I use for weight lifting and it doesn't have nearly as many weight lifters as a Gold's does so there is never any waiting.
1	I was originally a member at the Express Fitness location on Craig and Decatur. The location closed without any notice to members. When I called to inquire about canceling my membership and stop billing, I was told that they no longer have any billing or membership information as it has been moved to the location on Ann Rd. I called multiple times to either receive a busy signal or continuous ringing. I then contacted my credit card company to put a block ok the charges from Express Fitness. After seeing a charge from them again this month, it appears that they have changed their billing company. I am beyond frustrated and can not deter people away from this company enough. Do NOT give them your business. Every person that I talk to tells me they can't do anything to cancel my membership. I have never met a business owner like this who will not take responsibility.
1	I was with the gym for only a year . I thought the owner was nice until I moved accross town and started going to a different location it was never kept clean or stocked  there were cockroaches and bugs everywhere . I and my boy friend switched gyms completely  and when we went to cancel stuart proceeded to laugh and asked" what lack of motivation"and turned into an a**  whenwe were trying to talk to him and have continued to charge me . Will never go back!
1	Avoid at all costs.  Not only will they keep billing you after you stop your member ship, the staff is rude and indifferent.
