3	1 star for being 2 blocks away from work1 star for serving super cheap, super large beers1 star for being kicked out from an Applebee's -YES, AN APPLEBEE'S- after 5 super cheap, super large beers
5	I love their menu!  The garlic mashed potatoes-amazing!  Steak-melts in  your mouth!  Service - great!  Big fan of Applebee's!
1	It took our server here AN HOUR AND A HALF (90 minutes) to get the bill separated.Our server was visibly and audibly having a psychological breakdown, unable to handle a party of 10 with appetizers and drinks for each person. She sat down at the table multiple times, drawing diagrams and equations so complex and confusing I can't even imagine. She was openly complaining to us about her other tables and constantly delivering drinks to the wrong person. This one star is strictly due to the service. The food and drinks are decent quality and moderately priced so in any other situation I'm sure it would've been three even four stars....
1	(It's been over a year since I stopped eating at chain restaurants altogether, but since I joined Yelp recently, I thought it might be nice to explain why on a case by case basis.)Cookie cutter food prepared and served by tip-desperate, spirit-crushed, flair-bedecked post adolescents discovering how much corporate food service jobs suck. Bad or non-existent flavors covered up by extra fat and too much salt. Stupid, manufactured decor - where is the factory that makes this crap? Has to be China, or possibly hell.Irresponsible, unappetizing and despair-inducing.
3	Good reverse happy hour. And the pictures in the menu *look* phenomenal. Richard Christie might have something with his love of aaaaaaaapple beeeeeeeeeeeeessssssss... but honestly, the reverse happy hour has a lot of 1/2 off stuff.
4	Fantastic happy hour! Cheap beers and appz.. can't go wrong with a tall stella and some boneless honey bbq wings!
4	I'm all about eating local, supporting small business and all that... I never thought I could become a fan of such a corporatey chain as Applebee's... but it truly is the staff that makes the place.Everybody here is super friendly. Robert is a fantastic bartender, and hardly ever short on ideas for new drinks. On top of all that, they've got karaoke on Tuesday nights that is a blast! Yes, you read that right. Karaoke at Applebee's. Crazy, I know, but lots of fun regardless.Oh yeah and their shredded pork wonton tacos... YUM!
3	We got the 14 minutes or it's free deal, and boy, do they make sure the food gets to you in under 14 minutes, even if it means the hamburger is bloody & the salad looks like it's been sitting in the back of the fridge for 2 weeks. They didn't charge us for our food, thank goodness, but I won't go back there to that location or ask for that deal again.
4	When you don't get off work until midnight and your clientele are people who have been travelling all day you often find yourself needing a drink (or seven) and something to eat.  I happened to find myself in this position last Friday night and so a co-worker and I decided to stop by to decompress.  We chose Applebee's because its kitchen stayed open until 12:45 and we definitely needed some food.We got there around 12:30 and felt kind of bad ordering food but the bartender assured us it was no problem at all and that she was happy to do it.  Her name was Mary and she was awesome!  Super friendly, she was joking around with us all night, not to mention she was really attentive too, always making sure we had everything we needed whether it was getting our drink order in before last call or condiments for our food.As we were walking out a couple other employees wished us a good night and welcomed us to come back again.  I know it's a small gesture but it makes you feel good and I will definitely be returning for my next decompression session (look I made a rhyme!)
4	When I think of a place to go for a drink I didn't think of Applebee's but I'm glad I went. They have great drinks and friendly service. The waitress we had removed a drink from my receipt even though I drank the whole drink that I didn't really like. She made sure our glasses were never empty and our food was served hot. They have ladies night every week and kids eat free I think on Tuesday or Wednesday's. I'll be back!
1	Kristie C service today was horrible. Took too long to take drink order, took to long to take food order, food took forever to arrive and it wasn't even hot! Garlic bread was cold! Kid never got refill, another person in my party water was taken to refill but never brought back. Took forever to receive check. I'm a regular at this Applebee's but I will not be going back.
1	The place needs a facelift, badly. It felt grungy; there was a stain of some kind on one of the seats at our table and the table was sticky. Our daughter's "cheese pizza" was on a tortilla and the cheese was not melted all the way along with WAY too much sauce. Either the waitress or the chef got my order wrong (a totally different dish than I ordered) so while my family ate I had to wait for my food to be remade. Only good part about our experience was that we had a gift card so we only paid $13 after tip.
2	Worst service ever, couldnt get our orders right, brought our food before our kids food. Didnt even give us silverware or napkins or plates for our appetizer. When they did bring plates, they were wet! Horrible.
5	This had always been my favorite Applebee's. Consistently good perfect margaritas, quick seating, great Happy Hour!
4	Surprising the Roma Pepper Steak was delicious. Waiter knew how they made their steaks and ensured I would get medium rare, the red tomato topping added a good tangy taste. Red potatoes were soft and great. Portobello mushroom with artichoke cheese spread good also. I enjoyed the plate.
5	Tori is the kindest most polite manager of any restaurant we have ever been to. The other Tempe Applebee's on broadway was rude to my husband because he has Alzheimer's disease. Tori treated him with only kindness and respect. Thank you tori. From bob and marilyn.
4	Bartender was very attentive, process was quick since I was short on time during work lunch. Food was okay for the price level.
2	My streak of good reviews has come to an end.  Now if we can just do the same to Justin Beiber's life expectancy. I guess it was my fault for choosing to eat at a chain restaurant after lunch rush when the servers were trying to get their side work done and get out. Not even going to go into the details of what we ordered otherwise than to say it was incorrect, disappointing, took an excessive amount of time to prepare, and overall was a waste of time and money. I'm so frustrated with the restaurant and service industry. I hear often servers and other related staff complain about bad tippers. "If you can't afford to tip, don't go out to eat." How many times have you heard someone say that?  I have a better saying. If you aren't good at your job. Go find another one and save the rest of the world from having to deal with your horrible work ethic combined with the American sense of entitlement. Just because you work in a profession that involves tips doesn't mean you earned any.
1	I've eaten at a few Applebee's before and I can't say the food or service was bad. With this location, the question is, how long do you have to wait for your meal? ( esp. when the place is half empty) After 15 minutes maybe the server could say your meal will be here soon or would you care for some tortilla chips while you're waiting? After 20 minutes, still nothing......25 minutes ...no food, no response from the server.At 30 minutes, sorry Applebee's .... You've been Chopped! I'm out of here.
4	Okay Applebee's is not my favorite and never has been .. especially this one where the pleasant hostess seems to be way to serious and the polite servers are slow as molasses.  So why the 4 rating!  Because today they are winning me back.  First of all there was the new server and the old server .. the new server took our order, got our drinks and brought our food .. turns out we weren't her table, she just did it because she saw us waiting so long .. the old server took back over and our drinks were dry and it took forever to check out!  Yay new server!  can we bet more like her!  Next winner, the new manager that checked on us, very nice and talkative, made us feel comfortable and finally the menu changes!  I had this thing they call a Wonton Taco!  WOW!  That was fantastic.  It's an appetizer but I had it for lunch and was completely satisfied.  Never thought I'd say this about Applebee's but I'll be going back for sure.
1	I DO NOT recommend this place for internet orders or take out. I ordered a steak and asked for Medium Well and it was way over well done. The broccoli was under cooked and served with raw garlic. Also I had a half rack of ribs that was over cooked to burnt and again the broccoli was gross. Then I also ordered dessert from there, a strawberry cheese cake shooter, yeah well it looked curdled and not appetizing so I wasted my money. There seems to be a trend with hiring bad cooks at all applebees McDonalds would have been better than this place
2	I went in for a late lunch. The place was nearly empty, and my waitress was very nice. It was happy hour with drink specials and half off appetizers. I got two apps and two beers for only $12. All this said however, I don't think I'll ever go back to Applebee's. I went all the time for lunch about ten years ago, and boy the food quality has gone down a LOT. Everything was disgustingly salty and greasy. I have felt sick all day. Pick up your game Applebee's!
5	Come on Monday after 5pm for cheap delicious burgers. Have any issues ask for matty, he'll take care of you. Great staff, everyone is friendly yet professional. Try the loaded mash potatoes, excellent.
2	Bad service and bad food..to start off we had a server that did explain that she was new , BUT if you take forever to bring drinks then you probably shouldnt be a server cause thats the easiest part...so me and my bf get our sodas and takes another 10 min to get my sons apple juice! And we made our dinner orders when we ordered our drinks and we got our appetizers on time and waited forever for our food and come to find out by a new server that took over, that our order was never put in and that she would buy us dessert and she had told the cooks to rush and make our food. If it wasnt so late(after 10pm) and we didnt have to eat we wouldve just left. We finally get our food and my rice was hard and chips were stale. Yes it was nice to have been offered free dessert(which is why i gave an extra star)but service was bad and food made it worse. Won't be going back.
1	I definitely would not come back based upon my experience tonight. Slow, is an understatement of the time it took for the drinks and food to come out. An hour and 15 minutes to get the meal to completion is a bit over-the-top.
