4	Around six miles outside of LV.  Used it with our Scenic tours http://www.yelp.com/biz/4LIcTJNbsJe5Ft2mcqPIDw?hrid=WKJmiSa8iaMAWh8hIisP6Q to fly over the Grand Canyon and spend the night at the South Rim.Small airport with two check in desks.  Many of the staff speak asian languages since there are so many asian tourist going on Grand Canyon tours.  The bathroom are small and clean.  A small giftshop with snacks.  The seating is ok, usual uncomfortable airport seating.There is a courtesy shuttle from downtown and strip but we didn't need it, the Scenic tour company provided a bus pick up for us.Cafe attached to the airport.
3	Yelp HQ informed me I needed to actually write a review rather than just making public service announcements. My review is this is a nice small airport for tour planes, executive planes and the like, but if you're flying in on a private plane the Henderson executive airport is much better!Can you idiots please stop reviewing this airport when you actually should be reviewing McCarran Airport? I know you love using yelp as a soapbox for how crappy Vegas is and how stupid the slots everywhere are, but can you do it in the proper place... Under the name of the actual airport. NOTE: A few people were clever enough to review this airport for what it is... a small airport used for private planes, scenic tours, etc.. this is not the airport your southwest airplane flew into people.
4	Seems like a nice enough little airport; the staff was all very friendly. Fueling up was a bit of a debacle, but the rates were much cheaper than neighboring airports, both for the fuel and the overnight parking.  I will say that it's a bit of an expensive cab ride to the strip area from here; it's cost me $25-$30 each time I've gone out there.
4	For a regional private airport this place is great.  It serves it's purpose well, whether you are chartering a private plane or taking one of the tours.  There are helicopter services out of here as well.It's quiet, it's clean and super easy to park.
4	Wow, very classy!  I was told terminal 3 opened about 6 months go and I must say that it is very well done and makes travel fun!  Don't fall or he lot machines though! While this airport I still under construction, (what airport isn't) it is still a big improvement from my last visit to Vegas!If only United would have been on time I would had given a 5 star experience!!!!After experiencing LAX, it's easy to appreciate a well thought-out design!
4	Nice and cozy. Conveniently located. Just park and fly. Looking forward to getting some good use out of this place.
4	This is a nice facility with easy access to downtown.  The staff was helpful.  The lounge area was very comfortable. It's so much nicer than dealing with the larger airport - and there aren't 500 adds for Vegas shows ;-)
