3	I was going to wait for an actual ABBA fan to write their 5 star review but it has been 3 weeks since the show started and people need to be informed dammit!!  My opinion comes off almost like a "significant other that gets dragged to the show" but my wife is not an ABBA fan.  I got free tickets through work. Also.....- I generally despise Broadway shows.  "Rock of Ages" makes me wretch.  - Never hearing "Dancing Queen" again would be a gift.- Not familiar with the "Mamma Mia!" story.The will call booth for Tropicana was a total mess.  It was 50 people deep 30 minutes before the show.  Definitely get there as early as you can to pick up tickets.  We ended up missing the first 15 minutes of the show because of it.  Tropicana either needs to employ more people or have an attendant weed out the people in line who are there to pick up or purchase tickets.  As we walked in, the usher didn't show us to our seats.  She just said "Sit anywhere! The show is about to go on again!".  Ummm..okay.  So I did what any person would do and took the first 2 seats closest to the stage.  The place was about 70% full and it took us about 20 minutes to figure out what was going on in the story.All the performers seemed perfect for their roles and the singing was well done.  The stage set was pretty basic but you were able to get the idea.  I was most impressed with the live band behind the scenes.  Some of the transitions were tricky and I wished I had a backstage TV a la Le Reve to see them jamming out to "Money, Money, Money" or the almost made for a musical "The Winner Takes It All".    Tropicana did a great job refurbishing the theater.  The makeover looks terrific.    The bar upfront shouldn't serve wine in actual glasses since I heard a couple of them shatter during the show which was distracting.  There was also 20 minute intermission midway through.If you love ABBA, I see no reason why you wouldn't love this show.  I observed many attendees clapping along, getting pretty animated during some scenes and even reciting lines.  And if you're being dragged to the show against your will by that special someone in your life..bring a flask?
5	I am not really an Abba fan, my husband is, but I like good entertainment.  I really enjoyed this event.  Went to the 5:30 show, it was not filled so they moved us up.  Started on time, could see from anywhere in the theater.  The whole show was very, very good, music amazing, singing great, costumes neat.  I would recommend anyone seeing this musical that likes good entertainment, not just Abba fans.  I would go again if I could.  I am a Henderson resident, saw Phantom twice when they were here.The finale was unexpected and really something.  Loved it!!!!
4	Second time around seeing this musical (the first was their run at Mandalay Bay).  Singing and acting are spot on.  If you're an ABBA fan, I highly recommend seeing this show.  The only reason I can't give this a five-star rating is due to the presence of stagehands coming on stage to do set changes.  For me, that threw off the rhythm of the entire musical.
5	This is a really great show everyone.  I will admit I saw the show while it was at the Mandalay Bay before it left town and I also saw the show at the Smith Center. So when I decided to take my dad and heard it was at the Tropicana I really didn't know what to expect.  But the show is fantastic. The showroom is older but it's nothing like the showrooms at some of the other older casinos. It seems upgraded or revamped or something.  We had a table right up front. This is a good way to go.  the cast is so energetic they really get you involved in the show. Of course the music is amazing you can't beat Abba. the show actually has an intermission like a real Broadway show, so unlike Vegas. Plus they do three bonus songs at the end. It's really great and something worth checking out.  I highly recommend it.
5	This is my third time seeing Mamma Mia and this version at the Tropicana was by far my favorite- loved the cast! Amazing night!
