2	Very nice place to live in a very good area; however very pricey and the manager Nancy is horrible!!!!! She despises children by enforcing ridiculous rules for kids in summer by not allowing themoutside without an adult at all times. Sh sent a memo stating absolutely no bicycles allowed in the courtyards( which was one reason that lured me to the place . I liked the fact that it was quaint and had a courtyard for kids to ride bikes) On top of it all Nancy also is such a control freak who despises children she took the liberty to call me to "warn" me that kids aren't allowed to take out trash and what kind of mother allows their 10 year old to do this, This is not acceptable for residents living at Altessa. There's more, Nancy is so asphyxiated on emphasizing her power she even took liberty with putting a chain lock around the pool during summer nights after 9pm. How's that for controlling! Last I checked Altessa was kid friendly and not a senior 55+ community. Nancy seems to think otherwise!If it weren't for the Hitler style management who tries to make the community a senior citizen one, and the rent being so high I would still be there, as to me it's best choice if you are limited to apartment living.
5	My husband and I needed a place fast after the short sale we thought we were buying fell through.  Donna got the paperwork done in 1 day and we moved in 8 days later.  What a pleasure it was not to have to stress and wait for paperwork, reference checks etc.   Our apartment was spotless when we moved in on a cold night in November and I went to turn the heat on to get the chill out of the apartment.  It was about 7:00pm and the heat would not get hot.  Cold air was blowing from the vents.  I called the 24/7 maintenance number and left a voicemail.  I told my husband we had to go to the garage to find all the heavy bedding and as we went downstairs the doorbell rang and it was Reyes the Maintenance Supervisor.  Minutes..Literally minutes after I left the voicemail, this man was at my front door.  Reyes had to bleed the pipes and was at our house until after 11pm to make sure the heat went up to 72 degrees!!!  Now that is SERVICE.  If you are looking for somewhere clean and well cared for AND maintenance free, this is the place for you.  I am so happy here, I may never buy a house.  Thank you Reyes and Donna!!
5	I went looking for properties all over vegas and Altessa by far was one of the nicest I found. The staff was very friendly and the property itself had been upgraded. Nancy was very friendly as was Michelle. Though a bit expensive, still don't understand all the fees, I think it's well worth it. I'll be moving here next month and will update my review with a new one once I've settled in.
5	Have been at the property for about two months now. The apartments are still great and the office is always a delight to deal with. The maintenance service is great and always prompt in addressing issues. I just wish we were allowed to park a car outside our garage. If you have a one car garage you aren't allowed to park behind it, even though you aren't blocking anyone. I saw my neighbor had parked outside so I decided to park one day and found a note on my car from property management stating that next time I would be towed (not nice). The open parking spaces are a bit of a walk and are a real inconvenience. The gym is really nice and seems to be empty most of the time. The pool looks clean but it's been too cold outside for me to test it out. Overall, the property is very quiet and very safe. The manager is awesome to deal with and the office calls me by name (wow). Everything is as I had originally expected. I'm happy I selected this property over the rest and I recommend this to anyone wanting to live in the Summerlin area.
5	If it wasn't for being a little far from the strip I would live here forever.  The management and office staff are amazing.  The maintenance crew is quick and respectful.  The rent did raise about $300 if we were to renew which was no good but overall Altessa is a quiet community with beautiful apartments, clubhouse, and a pool. They have events monthly or so for the community and different contests on their facebook page to win giftcards and such!
5	Been a resident here for almost two years now.  Things have improved drastically since Natalie became our manager. Before Natalie, could never get anyone on the phone to call in a service request. Now, you always get someone on the phone and everything is super quick and done right the first time! I love Natalie and I hope she stays at this property forever. Also, the pool area looks so much better after the remodel and the property is so well kept. No garbage issues and the landscaping is green and fresh! Parking is still an issue in some areas, but some people need to park in their assigned spaces and suck up a possible long walk to their front door.
