4	These guys rule. Used tires.  Flats fixed.  They get it done. I've been in twice for used tires.  First time, I couldn't find a place anywhere with a used tire my size.  Everyone had new ones or could get a new one.  But Frontier came through with a used tire in good condition.  No prob.  The next time, a different tire needed replacing and the homies had my tire size, no questions asked.  I'm pretty satisfied with these guys.It's on AZ Ave in Chandler.  The staff is all Hispanic/Mexican.  They've always been courteous with me and haven't tried to rip me off.Good stuff.
4	went to this spot based on the one review it had (thats how much i trust YELP!) and it was the right decision...im on a tight tight budget and needed used tires ASAP.  the (i assume) owner talked to me, i told him what i needed, he showed me some tires, they looked good to me, he said he would have it done in 45 minutes to an hour. simple as that. he was short and to the point and i gotta respect that because he was in the middle of a job. gotta respect the hard working man.  although it took slightly longer because i had him put my stock rims back on it was worth the slight delay.  affordable, friendly and a job well done.  cant ask for anything more...
4	If you are broke and you need used tires this is THE place.  Look, it's 400+ for two tires for my vehicle... I'm selling it in the next couple months...so I got out of here for $70.  Very cool guys...I'm more than satisfied!
1	Does not get much worse than this. I needed tires exchanging on wheels which were off the car and then have the wheels balanced. The wheels were spotlessly clean as they were under two years old and apart from keeping them nice I had  power washed the insides and outside when I removed them before I put them onto the leather upholstery of my other car. I had asked the person there if they carried similar weights as were on there and he told me he did not but that he had other weights which would balance the wheels perfectly and being on the inside would be hard to see that they were not oem.   When I went back to pick up the wheels they were generally dirty with oily marks and a dirty water residue. I wiped them off before putting them into the car and noticed scratch lines parallel and about 1/2" from the edges of the rims. The scratches were all in similar positions. I told them I was very unhappy and their response was that they are not responsible for any damage that they do to customer's property, and claimed that there was a notice to that effect. He walked me to the back of the shop and pointed it out. This itself was very grimy and difficult to read. Also it was not readily visible to customers entering the premises. I told them that regardless of that what they had done was caused by total negligence as opposed to accidental.I was told the scratches could be buffed out. As they were deep enough to catch my fingernail, they would also need  repainting and clearcoating. These wheels were aluminum painted silver and clearcoated, oem wheels from a VW GTI. As I was driving away I remembered seeing an original weight on the wheel, but at the time I was annoyed about the damage  and did not look further. I stopped and examined the wheel insides and sure enough they were not balanced. I asked why not and one of the staff said they could not balance that type of wheel. I asked how come I was told it would be no problemwhen I had brought them in. The guy who had originally told me that came up and said he was glad he was not old as it makes people very irritable. I told him if it was his wheels he would be more than irritable. He then told me that if I brought the car back in a couple of dayshe would try and get some weights and balance them. That was the first offer to do anything about anything, but did not instill any confidence and really I  did not ever want to go back there again. I had them balanced at a competitor up the road who I  should have gone to in the first place.   For gross negligence bordering on vandalism and an attitude to go along with it it does not get much worse. If I had not read the other reviews here I would have been put off from even going in simply because of the state of the place. I notice the other reviews were relating to used tire purchases. I would guess that these people were either going to sell their car or wanted some cheap tires to put on maybe steel wheels and don't care about devaluing their vehicle with damaged rims.
1	Yes it does get worse.I had asked them to make sure that they followed the directional installation to a particular wheel, guess what -they had put it the wrong way around. Also although I had valvestem caps screwed on tight on all 4 wheels when I took them in, all 4 were missing. No big deal financially and they will probably say they were missing in the first place, but I know better as I check my tp every week and always replace the caps.
5	I needed a spare tire for my camper and they had 3 to chose from. didn't want to spend $100's just needed a spare.  Jose said they had one and bring it in and they would get right to it. Went in there the next day dropped the rim off and within 20 minutes ready to go and out the door I went.  Great service and Great prices for people on a tight budget. thanks for the great service
5	Tire places are notorious for ripping you off, especially used tire places. They sell you tires that, if you're lucky, will manage to NOT fall apart until you get home at a ridiculous price. The guys treat you like you know less than nothing because you happen to be a chick, and that's if you're lucky enough to find a place that speaks English. I've shopped at enough used tire places to know that Frontier Tires is a rare gem. So many times I've tried to call a tire place to ask if they have a tire in stock, and the person who picks up the phone speaks little to no English so I get little to know information. The guys at Frontier are great. My partner and I rolled up on a Saturday morning. They got us both in and out within about 20 minutes. The guy was really nice, spoke English perfectly which was great, and gave us a deal on the tires. My partner remarked that she liked going places "that treat her like a lady." That is to say, not like a dumb female. When they're putting a used tire on your car, they bring you the tire first so you can check it out, make sure they're not sticking you with a bald tire. I've never seen a place do that. The guy who was helping us even tracked my partner down while we were sitting in the lobby, waiting to pay to make sure she was fine with the tire he was going to put on her car. The service is top notch, the used tires are between $20 and $40 each, which sure beats $100+ per tire. They have a huge selection of even the "odd" tires, like mine. I would definitely recommend these guys to anyone needing a tire.
5	My Little sister got a screw in her tire yesterday, and as her older Brother I wanted to help her out to make sure the tire monsters didn't get her. I've been to 2 different used tire shops, and neither one of them had the tire size we needed. After searching for Used Tire shops by the office in Chandler on Yelp I came across Frontier Tire. Victor over there was very helpful, spoke good English, and showed me several options for used tires so I could pick the one I wanted. I went with a Michelin Tire that still had plenty of tread on it, and he mounted and balanced it in less than ten minutes, which left me plenty of time  left on my lunch, all for only $25 Bucks!!! Great Service...Great Deal!!!
5	I went to Frontier Tires SOLELY on the Yelp reviews as I was not looking to get ripped off replacing a blown tire and I don't have a whole lot of money to drop on new tires.  As soon as I pulled in (on a Monday morning), I was approached by someone who spoke perfect English and they told me I could replace the tire for $25. I was in and out in 20 minutes and never once did I feel like I was paying the "idiot female with a car" tax.  The staff explained everything thoroughly and, though they did upsell, they made it clear that balancing my tires was nothing but a suggestion, that nothing bad would happen to me if I didn't do it (other than vibrate a little harder), and I didn't have to take them up on it if I didn't want to.  I wasn't presented with the tire but the tread was better on my new used tire than on my pre-existing front tire.  The owner states that he just bought the place in July and has been working hard to transform their level of service.  I told him that I came because of his reviews on Yelp and he said, "Well I hope we lived up to our reviews."  They did.  Not only are they faster than other tire shops, they all have great people skills, and their prices are INCREDIBLY reasonable (flats fixed for $8!).  I will be using them for all my tire needs in the future.
4	So far so good....I called and they have "plenty" of my tires in stock.  I will update this if its bad, but I am pretty sure based on the reviews I will get great service.
5	These guys are great!! Courteous and professional. Its called Joe's now no longer frontier. Little yellow building on the east side of the street between frye n pecos.
5	Great place to get tires! I dropped in to have a tire replaced and was greeted by a friendly staff member immediately.  They had me in and out with a new tire within 15 minutes. The price I paid was the lowest Ive ever paid! I highly recommend Joe's Tire Shop.
3	These guys are awesome FOR TIRES! I had been there many times for tires only.  I had them work on my clutch for our Honda, and it worked for 2 blocks, then was quoted several hundred to replace the steering column.  Ended up taking the car to another shop, they found that my clutch had been rigged up, and there was nothing wrong with steering.  I really like the guys here, and appreciate their trying to help, but it was literally throwing money down the toilet when it comes to auto repair.  I will continue to use them for tires only.
1	Was feeling like we finally found a trustworthy and good mechanic, so I took my Honda in to have the clutch fixed.  Three days later, and double the original labor quote, clutch is still not fixed, and now they say my steering column is broken!  WAIT! I was towed in while driving it, and it was FINE!  So, we are going to pick up the car, and see what really happened - I will be fair and keep you posted.  This is very discouraging. PS I have a son who is a certified Honda mechanic and the clutch was more than he wanted to deal with, so we do know something about cars.I ended up taking the car to another shop, very close, and they found the clutch had been rigged up, wrong parts were in, and that there was nothing wrong with steering column.  I will still use Joe's for tires, but sadly, not mechanic work.
5	Had tire issues in the past few months. I have been to their shop 4 time in the past few months. These guys are an honest tire shop. Great work quality and very reasonable prices. Honest work and they are highly recommended!
1	Was satisfied with the work done on my car until I found out that this place put FIVE YEAR OLD tires on my car.  Disgusted!!! They lasted three months.  Don't waste your time.
4	Was pleasantly greeted by a gentleman named Victor. He was very helpful and resourceful in wanting me to get the safest set of 4 used tires for the summer. I was in and out of there in less than 40 minutes. The drive feels great on my new (I mean I should say used) set of tires (even though they drive like a new set! Victor even said that if I have any problems to come and see him. Great tire shop!!
4	I went to get a couple of used tires today  my friend had told me to go to joes.. He followed me there so we could do some errands while they were fixing my tires... But as we pulled out of joes, his car wouldn't start! They came right over w a charger... It wasn't his battery it was is alternator...  The guy whipped out his phone right away and said " I can get u one delivered her today for cheap, and ill have it all done by 5"( this was at 1pm) he got the alternator for $200! My friend also said he was wanting to get a new belt... Needles to say we came back at 5 and everything was done... Alternator, a new belt, and the labor, my friend only paid $300!they  were so nice and accommodating!!!! Deff will be going back!!!
5	8 bucks to repair a tire in 10 mins and 12 bucks to rotate the tire in 2 mins. I am OK with that! Hopefully the tire don't break apart.
3	Went in for a pair of used tires and was told about a great deal on some brand new tires. I decided to go with the news tires for the safety and piece of mind. One month later I find myself with a blown rotted tire. Staff was great and helpful but I feel they aren't the most honest be careful.
5	Pretty awesome owner very helpful got me in and out on a great used tire and didn't break me pockets!!
1	:: Update ::Pro tip: Do not ever under any circumstances use Joe's for mechanical work.  They do tires okay, but this business has gone to pot in the last year or so.  I took my car into Joe's as Big-O Tires told me I had a leaking rack and pinion and needed a new tire.  I figured this would be a one stop shop.  I have a very common tire so it can't be that hard to keep them on hand.  When we got to Joe's, we were told they didn't have my tire in stock and would need to order it new at $80 a pop.  We opted to have them do the rack and pinion anyway as I didn't feel safe driving my car to another (third) location for this work.  BIG MISTAKE.  They did indeed replace the rack and pinion but did a very sloppy job installing it and what should have been a 3 hour job took them a day and a half - first saying it would be done at 9am, then 1pm, then 3pm.  Nobody said anything to us about needing new lower control arms, but on my drive home, my car was still driving like crap so I turned around and called Joe's.  The mechanic tells me "I did what you told me to do.  I replaced the rack and pinion.  Maybe something else is wrong."  Again, they had this opportunity to tell me that my control arms were bad but failed to do so, especially since they KNEW about the problem. I took the car to Tire Pros, where they got the alignment done, and asked them who didn't do their job.  Not only did THEIR mechanic remember my car without putting her on the rack but they immediately told me that they had told Joe's about my bad lower control arms.  The mechanic at Joe's failed to call me and let me know.  They also showed me just how sloppy of a job this had been, cleaned it all up, and verified that these were my only problems remaining.  I ended up having to pay Tire Pro's to replace the control arms, fix the rack and pinion, and rotate my tires.  I lost my car for two days due to negligence at Joe's.  After all these years of excellent customer service from Joe, he's officially lost a customer.  I caution everyone thinking of using these guys that their shop has really become incredibly unprofessional in recent years.
