4	Greek Village Cafe is located on that strip of Eastern south of the 215 that is home to more soul-less corporate restaurant concepts than I want to believe actually are there...Soul is definitely served up here -- a few operators I know would say they do more things wrong than right -- but they're from that soul-less side...so I'd like to say that GVC does the things right that truly matter.  They cook with love.They care about their guests.A friend tipped me off to GVC - she'd heard about it from a co-worker -- so we went over last night after our workout to check it out.  Not really in the mood for something heavy, but definitely for a glass of wine and hopefully, a pleasant surprise -- and we found both.Jenny, GVC's amenable, friendly, 100% Greek manager -- and a bit of a potty-mouth (if I were to be completely honest - but I still love her!) happily poured us a taste of her favorite Greek white -- they had several.  She's proud of the list since she put it together.Then surmising by our goddess looks...uh right...she suggested we order small plates and share.  We ordered the headlining saganaki -- and in a snap, Yanni, the owner, whipped out a portable burner and flambeed the unsuspecting kasseri into a crispy, lemon doused yummy treat -- Jenny highly recommended the keftedes (Greek meatballs) and she was right -- lamb, light, herby (was that marjoram?) and a tomato sauce made with love.  We were happy...But also, they had Taramasalata as a special -- and it happens to be one of my favorite things in the world -- and they do a very nice job here.  What's not to love -- the color, the roe, the brininess, the lemon -- yum.GVC has a few other things worth noting -- one got our attention as we walked in the door -- a disco ball -- and it was on -- and sparkly...uh huh...   And that's because there is actually a dance floor -- hey, it is a Greek restaurant.  And apparently on weekends, beginning Friday nights, Yanni gets busy onstage -- bouzouki-playing, Greek dancing, ouzo guzzling -- goodtime... we'll definitely be back for that show...and to participate.  There is also hookah -- go smoke a peach...Look, there's a lot to love here -- go with an open mind, and overlook their horrible plastic menu covers -- and have a good time.  As for me, I'm so happy to have them in the neighborhood -- with Le Golosita, they're certainly upping the spirit this side of town.
1	I wish I could leave a review of the food, but I didn't get a chance to have any.  I entered the restaurant a couple of weeks ago, craving a gyro, and found a few customers in the restaurant.  There wasn't anyone at the hostess stand (or whatever you call it) and so I started flipping through the menu.  I know the staff saw me and yet no one came over.  Ever.  (hence, my first ever 1 star review).  After a few minutes of waiting around like an idiot, I walked out.  I.hate.bad.service.  There is no need for it.  That's alright though, I just went next door to True Island BBQ and got some food to go.  This place can learn a thing or two from Daryl.
3	We went last week and were not too impressed.I did not feel I got enough value for the amount I paid.  The restaurant has good food but the prices are too high.  The cheapest entree is around $18.  I wish they would have some falafel sandwiches priced around $12.  Because of the high prices and very average interior we will not go back.They will be closed within six months if they do not add some affordable stuff to the menu.
1	closed...
1	Out of business as of may 2009
1	Closed, out of business
