3	Didn't have much time before they closed.. or should I say the kitchen closed.  My gps kept saying I was passing it, but I could not see it from the street (passed it from both directions).  I called, spoke with Chrissie or Kristy, who gave excellent directions.  It's located in the Atherton Mill parking lot where there are a bunch of other restaurants - closest is Ice House and is located next to/across from the Farmer's Market.  Now that I know where it is, I will be sure to not get lost and get there when the kitchen is still open to enjoy a full meal.Apparently the location changed recently and some of their offerings are no more, such as the alkaline water which was a bummer.. but they have carbon filtered water, which i'm not familiar with.. have to research that one.  People hang out and lounge even after the kitchen is closed.. it's a really lax, hip, artsy, healthy atmosphere.. good vibes!  People were super helpful and approachable.  People just came right up to me and spoke, which was really nice.  Prices are super high though.. i've never in my life purchased a pint? (approximately) of fresh juice for over $10.. that is insane!  but.. I wanted to give them a shot and support their local business.. all organic and vegetarian.  I chose the juice with beets, kale, spinach, orange, lemon, ginger and... not sure if i'm forgetting something or not.  I'll be drinking it tomorrow at work.  Never had beets before, so it should be an interesting experience.  Will update more later.
3	Thanks to the previous review, I was able to locate this place. Otherwise, would've had to call for help. Service- very sweet, but slow as molasses. Food- raw vegan. If you like raw, you'll be pleased. But be prepared to waaaaait. I had the falafel appetizer, lunasagna with the side salad. (Posted a picture) The hemp salad dressing was amazing! But the lunasagna was just ok. Not really a fan of raw to be honest, so probably not the best choice of restaurants. But I'm from out of town and didn't know until the cab dropped me off! Oops. They made up for the just ok dinner with the pumpkin pie- it was the best I've ever had. Wow. Can't say enough about it. Atmosphere- old rock music that is too loud for my tastes. Freezing in here too (it's 45 outside). My bill with tip was $38. Bit pricey I think.
4	Food: LOVED (I got the raw lasagna- it was to die for!)Service: Terrific! The gal was super amazing and even helped me navigate the menu and avoid my sesame allergy! Not easy to do in a vegan restaurant.Atmosphere: Nice. I didn't think the rock music was too loud (previous review) except for about 15 seconds, oddly enough. I guess they were reallllllly into the Pink Floyd song they were playing and wanted us all to enjoy it, too lolPrices: A bit high considering the amount of food you get... Still worth it, though.I will surely be back next time I'm in town :)
4	The food is good, but the quantity is not enough. They should increase the quantity!!!!!!!!!. Clean and well executed.
4	Food was absolutely amazing! We both had burgers and they were delicious. The Waldorf salad is a must have! Service is slightly slow but they know the menu!
5	Vegan and vegetarian heaven! The food was super sexy, excellent, delicious, fast and fresh. The location was a little difficult to find per gps, Idk had me a Lil awkward. The set up was super cool
5	Nothing else like it in Charlotte.  The best juices and living food within 100 miles.I was quite dismayed when I pulled up today and Luna's was no longer there.  Then I turned around and saw they just moved across the parking lot.  A much better location with more outdoor seating.  Still the same love being put in to all the juices and drinks.So many amazing options to choose from, but this time I just went with the chillied chai.  I should have gone for a berry smoothie, after I tried somebody else's, but no complaints on my end.  My chai was smooth and almond milk creamy.  Just the little kick I needed to continue my day.Not to much to tell ya on this one as I didn't get any food, but will be back soon!
5	If someone would prepare vegetarian meals like this for me every day, I would never eat meat again! I ordered the falafel appetizer, classic burger and we all split a bottle of wine. Everything was delicious, the burger was a "real" burger portion size and I chose the beet salad side. My friends ordered the living bagel (amazing) and faux tuna sandwich (wonderful.) Such delicious little place!
2	Looks great- like a page out of a loft kitchen in Dwell magazine- but often what looks good may not work for the intended function. As a restaurant, the space was not utilized well- a tiny waiting bench area, a bar counter that takes up more space than it offers in function, a small lounge of two chairs and a sofa that- I guess? is for waiting, that could host tables where customers could eat. It makes for a chaotic entryway where people stand or sit around in confusion.The cold, stylish lines of the renovated-warehouse-chic dining area are not kind to sound: one can't hear their friends across the table because of the clatter of commerce and other customers. The result, you both have to speak louder. Then that bounces around, and everyone has to speak louder- and so it goes. It could be fixed with sound dampeners on the ceiling or walls, which could easily be integrated into the look. It's restaurant 101, really.The food. No complaints, really. I didn't enjoy my lunasagna, but that is more of a personal aversion to limp zucchini, and the red sauce of the sundries tomato base was too strong somehow and didn't blend well with the nut cheese on top. I wasn't alone there, one of my group had the same opinion and couldn't finish his.The bill of my group was much higher than I'd expect, and I wonder if when the hipness wears off people will realize they can make the small portions of raw food at home much cheaper, and in a quiet setting.
5	I went with a group of ladies for lunch today and just saying the raw vegan classic burger was a WOW. Trendy, modern, bright and ALIVE, with food to match!
