4	Since arriving to PHX I have been exploring my local barrios for a location to get some of my favorite Mexican treats.  As I was rolling on 16th, I saw the sign...now if you blink you miss it.   I usually look for the big purple Dulceria across the street first and slow down as I near.  It is located in a strip of buildings that have seen better days, pero yo no tengo miedo.  I have stopped in 3 times to date.  On my first visit I picked up un grande Agua de Pina (Pineapple "water") and a few Paletas, fresh fruit/fruit juice popsicles (coco, pina, sandia y limon).  While the selection and the quality is not as extensive as one of my favorite places in Albuquerque (on Central just south of Coors) .  I have to say it is close.  At least my Agua de Pina was fresh and not the hyper yellow processed stuff I get sometimes at Pro's Ranch Market.  On this visit there was also a lady inside selling fresh hot homemade tamales for $5 a half dozen.  *Score*!On my second visit I went in for another batch of paletas, and this time I also left with 2 Aguas Medianas de Limon y otro de Pina.  MmMMM....I liked how the Limon was still quite tart and just sweet enough.  The Pina I put in the fridge for later.  I also decided to try a Raspado de Mango (Mango snow cone) to which I allowed the addition of a little Leche Condesada/Azucarada (Sweetened condensed milk).  Not as much mango flavor as I was expecting but refreshing and tasty with nice little pieces of fresh mango.  I need to go back to try the nieves/helados (ice cream), and  Escamochas (mixed fruit served with coconut and drizzled with sweet condensed milk or sometimes honey and sprinkled with granola or pecans, usually fixed up to taste) or the Pico de Gallo (in this case it is a plate/cup with a combo of any of the following like cucumber , watermelon, canalope, honeydew, pineapple, coconut chunks, mango, jicama sprinked with red chile and served with lime wedges).  They also offer some baked items like bolillos, pan dulce, and other pastries.
4	07/01/10After my overall disappointing meal (had high hopes after reading rave reviews) at Tortas El Guero, I decided I'd check out the ice cream here- thanks to the recommendation of the TEG server.  Again, the Mexican rep behind the counter didn't speak English, so it took awhile to convey my wish to try a couple of flavors before settling on one (she kept asking if I wanted the flavor in a cup or a cone!).  I was at the point of giving up and just walking out when she finally figured my question out...Both flavors were so good, I really had a tough time deciding!  Ah, but I do love coffee ice cream, so...  I still dream about the coffee here, so a return visit is in order very soon!
4	good selection of paletas, also has ice cream, licuados, mexican snow cones, cockteles de fruta, as well as tortas. I've only had their paletas, which appear to be made on the premises. the pecan one was great!  I only wish there were more people here.  in the right location in the right city, the store would be booming.
4	Not as good as the original in Mexico, but as good as it gets for the USofA.  Great paletas.
4	Dive in.  Enjoy our Arizona DiversityHave you ever eaten a Frozfruit bar?  That is a Paleta Michoacana.  Those bars were made in Michoacan Mexico long before they met the Blue Bunny.  Some paletas beat the bunny easily.  Does your neighborhood have a Mexican (legal of course) vendor pushing a freezer chest on wheels?  They are making their $50.00 or less a day selling paletas and other frozen delights.  Coconut, one of the most delicious flavors, will keep your brain from unraveling like mine is.  Eat them early in life and often.  When I was 15, I had one of the most anxious nights of my life. Maria Fraga invited me to her Quinceanera.  A six syllable word I'd never heard or seen before I got the invitation.  The only question I asked was should I dress up?  My best at the time were some black chino pants I'd grown through, three inches above the shoes on my white-socked feet.  I also had a white shirt, also recently miniaturized.  I did have a tie, a one-inch wide bright green iridescent one I really liked because the color reminded me of a green tree snake.  Equivalent words in English to Quinceanera is Debutante Ball.  Parents save from the day a girl is born, there's a formal coming of age mass, everybody's in a gown or tux, and there's a giant ball at a rented hall.  Being some some flavor of Protestant, I didn't attend the mass.  I was dropped off at the rocking hard ball with the live band.  I was the only white guy.  I did not know how to dance.  My clothes were too small, my tie glowed in the dark and 100 people were dressed To The 9's.  Plus, cool Santos Ortiz was out in the crowd, dancing sua-ve with all the girls.  I did find Gilbert, dressed a little better than me.  We hung out making small talk in a dark corner.  I left within an hour.  The night I met Cesar Chavez felt the same.  I was one of four white kids and one adult in a sea of migrant workers, nobody apparently speaking English,  The green chile, frijoles and home made tortillas nothing like the tacos my Queens New York Mom and Kansas City Dad whipped up for all the hungry kids.  If cross-cultural situations like the above or even the potential to step into another culture freak you out, I'm here to tell you it's totally survivable.        La Michoacana is a great place to dip your toes in the water.  I've seen it walking up and down 16th Street, but never went in.  The outside has a sleek traditional Mexican exterior, the inside is Mexico.  My stop was for water and an investigation.  I found an inviting, artful interior I was not allowed to take pictures in.  Mural copyright or something I suppose.  Food is served, shave ice is served, plus a variety of raspados, which you should try.  Fresas con Crema, fresh strawberries in cream will shoot your socks to the other end of the room.  The water was excellent, saving me from a dehydrated afternoon on the mean streets of Tempe.  I'm definitely going back.  I'll report more.
5	I love going here with my friends, I still have to bring my boyfriend here one of these days so he can try some good Mexican ice cream, a diablito, or fresas con crema. All the desserts here are great, I haven't tried their food yet, but i'm sure that just like everything else it must be great.
2	Just meh. I went for a diablito because I didnt want to drive to 59th ave  & McDowell. What I got cannot even compare to what I usually get at other places. The ice was like chips and there wasn't cacahuates or all the other mexican candies. I can't speak on any other menu items, but I probably wouldn't return considering there are water and ice and raspado places all over the city.
5	Upon reading reviews on raspado "shaved ice" my curiosity lead me to this place. Originally was to try the one located in Mesa but was in the west side so decided to try this place. The two raspados I tried were delicious. I had the mango and the gf had the strawberry raspado. Not that sweet but enough to hit the palette. Would recommend this place to anyone that is in the area.
