5	If I could give this place 10 stars, I would.  I came here after a debilitating back injury (and I mean debilitating - I was flat on my back in the hospital for three days).  Dr. Sarah Johnson and Dr. Lisa Strickland not only got me walking normally very quickly again, but my range of motion returned within days instead of the months that the doctors had estimated.NUCCA is an Upper Cervical chiropractic method that is gentle and non-invasive.  It's not the normal "snap and crack" you might be picturing in your head.  It was easy to make an appointment and be seen within a short matter of time.  If you are seriously hurt - your back, neck, etc - they want to see you ASAP.These doctors actually care about you as an individual - lack of money or no insurance should not deter you from coming in.  I highly recommend this office to anyone.
5	Dr. Sarah Johnson has been helping me and my friends stay pain-free for years.  She just helped my boyfriend with some upper back pain and my 18-year old daughter, who has shoulder & neck pain.  Imagine your head is a bowling ball and your spine is a pipe cleaner.  That's what we're balancing folks, so it's no wonder it kinks up now & then.  When I first started with Dr. Sarah, I was standing with 25 pounds more weight on my right side than on my left... all that hip jutting as a teen.  I am now usually within 5 pounds and 1 or 2 degrees torque.  Dr. Sarah doesn't pop or crack your back - she uses a gentle movement under the ear to adjust the atlas.  Sort of like the tuning pegs of a guitar, the atlas aligns your spine, allowing for the free flow of your nerve endings.  The first time I went, I felt a warm, tingly feeling throughout my body.  One friend of mine was going to have spinal fusion surgery 4 years ago.  I asked that he give Dr. Sarah a try before agreeing to the surgery.  He still hasn't had the operation and is living nearly pain-free.  I highly recommend Dr. Sarah!
5	Dr Sarah fixed my back!  My lower back was so painful.  With some very gentle minute adjustments at the base of my skull, Dr Sarah realigned my spine and the pain went away.  It is so amazing!  I definitely recommend Dr Sarah and her office.  Great customer service as well.
