4	I love this little Starbucks at the very end of the strip mall it's located, in Collier. It has a drive through, and gets extremely busy at 8am and 230 pm when the moms drop the students off at CV HS located right next door. Great baristas here, Shelly whom always has a smile on her face, Dan who will always talk Penguins hockey, Candice who is just so friendly, and all the rest. This might be the best Starbucks in town.As for the fare, typical Starbucks, hot and cold tea and coffee drinks, display case filled with coffee cakes, doughnuts, cookies, and that extremely addicting lemon loaf.
3	The service at this particular location isn't exactly the fastest and the drinks aren't always consistent, but the baristas are extremely friendly, knowledgeable, and always willing to do whatever is necessary to get you what you want. If you're looking for a caramel macchaiatto made exactly according to the Starbucks recipe and you expect to get it in a hurry, this isn't the right location for you. If you're looking to be genuinely appreciated by a barista who may just remember what you ordered the last time you were there, then is definitely your location.
5	Love this location! Staff is excellent!!
5	Great Starbucks and service is really fast and it is good. My coffee comes out ASAP.
4	This Starbucks is in the corner of the plaza off of 79. It's great because it's a drive-thru (but it can be a little slow and you should enter from the side) No major issues in terms of my drink orders so far.
4	It's a pretty small Starbucks with a gigantic drive thru, which is a bonus. While waiting for my drink I noticed the staff working at the window can see the person ordering (clear & close) so don't be that guy picking your nose! I've always had friendly customer service here with an overall clean store. I don't particularly like the location of the Starbucks and the people trying to park/exit the little strip mall. Sometimes people forget how to drive in there all at once. But hey..a drive thru!!
