4	The Outdoor pool is a must do for the summer if you live in Vegas.  It's great for children and even adults.  The only down side is that there is limited loungers and chairs.  If you don't get there early you'll be sitting on the ground.  Still full for all ages.
4	Holy cow! So much better than the Henderson Multigeneration Pool. They have more slides, bigger space for the kiddies to run around, more fountains, a jungle gym in the middle of the pool, a roped off deep end and the lifeguards are cool as heck! We were there for almost 5 hours and it seemed like only 2. You can bring your own lunch and the cost is only $3 for adults and $2 for kids 3-17.  The only drawbacks were the lack of chairs and shaded space. Get there right when it opens to get a killer spot under the few umbrellas...and its pretty far from my house. Still...its worth the drive. We will definitely be back on my next day off :)
4	This review is for the rec center side only. It finally dawned on my why I love rec centers so much. While you may not get the "expert" instruction that you get at a pushy gym, the overly aggressive pressure to continue going to class so that your bank account can continue to be leeched is nonexistent in the rec center setting. The teachers I've had here have been nothing but professional, fun and encouraging and because I always feel comfortable I want to come back!The Henderson Parks & Rec system is great-variety of centers and classes-but Whitney Ranch has quickly become my new favorite because of its friendly staff and smaller volume of patrons. Most recently I took a Zumba class (with instructor Linda S.) and basic yoga (with instructor Billie). Both instructors were so amazingly kind and really into what they teach-I really looked forward to going to class every week and plan on signing up for both again. Linda S. is SUCH a hoot and takes all of the intimidation out of coordinated dancing and really makes everyone feel comfortable.The center is very clean-someone is always cleaning-and barring a children's class letting out, it's generally very quiet. They have a small gym with your basic machines and TVs and also a kind of game room for kids which I assume they use for after school and summer programs.My only dings for this place are the nonexistence of paper towels in the bathroom. I get we're trying to be eco-friendly, but it would be great if they could update to a more powerful hand dryer that didn't seem to have lost steam in 1989. Also, they don't have extra yoga mats which I guess isn't a requirement (they tell you up front to bring your own), but the Henderson Multigen Center has them and I guess I'm just kind of spoiled! However all of the good things really outweigh the (not so) bad here and I absolutely recommend this (and other centers in Henderson) if you're looking for fun and stress free ways to get fit!
5	I love this rec center.  The activity pool is one of our two favorites.  It is the closest one to our house, which makes it convenient.  I love their new window where if you have a Swim N Trim Pass, you can bipass the rest of the line!  This gets you in faster and with a better opportunity in seating.  Be warned, people line up super easy.
4	Cool place on a hot summer day
5	Whitney Ranch Rec Center is great.  They have so many classes for the whole family.  My son has been taking private swim lessons for the last year at the Aquatic Center.  They also have group lessons which he was in before.  I really like the one on one attention he gets in the private lessons.  He moves through the levels much more quickly in private so it is worth the extra $$ to me.  Also 2 people from the same family can be in private lessons together for the same price.  That is what we do with our twins.  So that helps a little on the price.  Their activity pool is awesome.  Lots of water features and slides.  It gets really busy in the summer so make sure to come early.  The line can get long and the chairs and umbrellas go quick.  On the Rec Center side, they have a gym, basket ball court, racquetball court, and lots of class rooms.  My kids have taken, karate, dance, pre-k classes and more.  It is a great way to see if they like something before spending a lot of money on it.  All the classes are very reasonable in price and the instructors have been great.  They also have youth sports like soccer, basketball, baseball and tennis.  My son has had a wonderful experience in their youth sports programs.
4	Such good, clean fun. HUGE pool, fun slides, great for the kids; I love this place.
4	This is for the outdoor pool only. We went on hot Friday and it was a great way to cool off in the summer heat. This pool is especially great for kids as there is a large wading play area for toddlers with spray features, a mushroom like fountain and small slide and larger slides for older kids. I had kids ages 2-18 with me and they all loved it. I especially liked most of the play area was shallow enough that my 4 and 5 year olds could play safely and independently. They have a good number of life guards and they were observant and professional. The facility is clean and well maintained. You can bring in snacks but the snack bar food was really reasonably priced, $1.50 hot dog or 1 for ice cream bar. Although there is seating, nit enough for the space of number of people. I think I'd bring my own chair next time. The cost was good $2 for kids, $3 for adults. Highly recommend.
4	I'm only reviewing the Aquatic center for this place, as I haven't been to the outdoor pool or the rec center. (Was winter.) Sooo, I'm a fan. They have a 10 lane lap pool. Already sold. The downside, is that depending on what time of day it is, a majority of the lanes are closed of for swimming lessons, sports, etc. I've found that going in the morning (around 7-ish) on the weekday is a great time if you just want to jump in a heated pool and swim laps to your little hearts content. The people that go to the pool are pretty friendly...but I went in the morning when older people tended to go. And you know, they are always nice. The staff was also extremely nice and helpful. A few of them actually remembered the names of my husband and I after we had been going there a few weeks. It's really awesome when people take the extra effort to do that in the service industry. It's more personable and makes you feel welcome. If you come in on Sunday right when it opens at 1 p.m., it usually is fairly empty as well. The locker rooms are clean and well kept too. I like the place. To bad I have moved, or I would have kept going.
5	$2 for the whole year!! Cheapest membership ever. basketball courts are open 5am! they have a good selection of workout equipment. They have racquetball courts as well. In the summer the swimming pools open up and they have indoor pools too. I signed up mainly for basketball..for $2 a year?!? Please sign up and let's play!
3	Solid rec center, mostly just go for the tennis courts- they're spacious, have plenty of nearby seating, have a shaded bench between courts,  plenty of picnic tables surrounding, lights for evening games, and there are several of them.Parking has never been an issue, and I appreciat that despite the nearby pool and schools there aren't a ton of kids running around. Everything is also very well maintained, which is noteworthy.
