4	This is an annual wine/beer/liquor tasting expo that features hundreds of vendors.  For $50 (we got our tickets for $25 through Groupon), you were treated to a cup and endless pours of all kinds of wine, champagne, liquor, and beer.  There were also food stations with various finger foods.  This was an awesome event.  The event was held in a ballroom adjacent to the concurrently scheduled Korean food festival or something like that so attendees were allowed and encouraged to go to both events which meant free (and very yummy) Korean food to go with our spirits.The event goes from 3-8 p.m. which meant sustaining a very nice, long buzz.  Got to try a good variety of new wines and different seasonal beverages (spiced rum = absolutely delicious) and while I missed it, friends said the chocolate flavored Patron was very yummy.   This is an amazing event that I would very gladly go to next year.
3	This is my second time to attend the annual wine tasting expo, held in one of the enormous convention rooms at what is now the Las Vegas Hotel. They offer wine, liquor and beer tasting for a mere $20-50pp (depending on where you buy your tickets from). There were a ton of wine vendors there, but at the risk of sounding high maintenance, honestly would you expect any good wines when you're paying $20 for all you can drink tasting? I found myself pouring out my wine more often that drinking it. I tried some soju that wasn't bad, and the coffee flavored Patron. Yikes. All in all, I don't foresee myself going again, way too many drunk people, elbow to elbow, the wine wasn't worth it.
2	What a mob scene! This is a huge event and if you just want to wander around slurping alcohol, this is for you. In addition to wine and beer, there is tequila and other spirits. You could quickly get roaring drunk if that's your goal.When we walked in, it looked like a swap meet with  booths selling stuff and cars on display. We managed to snag a printed guide but it wasn't helpful. The wine  tables were not in a logical numbered order. According to the guide, there were a few decent labels there, but I never found my favorite. Mostly there were wines you can buy at the market. Nothing special. I would have been extremely annoyed if I'd paid full price! (Used a Living Social discount.)The noise level was through the roof with a live band and a huge crowd. I was ready to leave as soon as we walked in. Of course, we didn't. When we managed to elbow our way into the middle of the room, we found the food table. It had celery and carrot sticks and crackers. Every wine tasting I've been to at least has cheese and usually some hors d'oeuvres type things like pizza bites or mini tacos. OH, wait -- there were tacos, for a price! So you've paid $50 and now you have to pay for the food? Rip off! One things they did which was good -- they had lots and lots of water! Believe me, if you are over 30 years old or have begun to develop an appreciation for good wine, this is not the event for you. Spend your $25 or $50 on a decent bottle of wine and stay home!
3	Lee's Annual Wine and Spirits Expo is one of those events that showcases a few of the items that Lee's Liquor plans on releasing or has out and promoting. A friend had found a deal and a few of us went to check it out.As we stepped foot into the Westgate convention center, it was divided with liquor around the perimeter of the room, wine towards the center, and beers off to one side. At first, it seemed like there was a large selection of items to try. True, there was plenty of everything. Then on closer inspection, the choices could easily be weeded out. Bread & Butter Pinot Noir was one of the highlights of the event. That was probably the only new item that I tried to really impress me. Otherwise, there were the reliable list of: Brooklyn Brewery, Prisoner Winery, Four Roses, and Chandon. The ability to just walk around for five hours trying all that was available was fun. It is definitely an experience that one should have at least once.
3	This is decent tasting event. And it's way more than just wine. There's also a good variety of beer and liquor (even to actually qualify as a beer tasting event). It's actually kinda overwhelming how many options there are. And it's a bit cramped, making it difficult to taste multiple things at one table. Not to mention the long lines. And then there's the annoying live band and impossibly long restroom line. Personally, I prefer the outdoor tastings where there's more room to walk and wander and sample multiple things at one table. But for sheer variety and quantity, you can't really beat this tasting event.
3	Lee's Wine Expo seems to be one of those events that you should try at least once.  It may be your type of event, or it may be something you never want to do again.  Either way, this tasting offers not only wine, but plenty of liquors and beer to sample as well.  Be ready to deal with crowds and lines as the event goes on.  Also, be on the lookout for discounted tickets.  I was able to get mine for $20, and from what I've seen deals like that are always available each year.Your experience here really depends on your expectations.  Did you score $20 tickets, and your only goal is to get lit?  Then you'll be able to do just that with a variety of alcohols.  I had gone into the event hoping to sample lots of new drinks, and leaving with a list of things to buy in the future.  At the end of the day, the only notable beverage I had come away with discovering was the pinot noir by Bread and Butter.Even though I don't plan on attending this in the future, it's hard to feel like it was a bad deal for only having paid $20.  Still, there are lot's of people crammed into one space, and as the night progresses these people get more and more inebriated.  That may or may not make for a five start event, depending on who you meet.  I stand by my A-OK, and would still recommend attending at least once.
