3	Yes, I also attended the soft opening.  Everyone there was excited and so friendly.  The actual grand opening is tomorrow so it will be interesting to see how they did.  We just had to try the guacamole made at the table - the guac-chick was awsome.  They give you all kinds of options while preparing it.  It was fantastic....needed a little salt for my taste but pretty darn good.  Chips light and crispy-homemade.  Salsa just ok.For entrees we ordered a chicken salad, steak pablano pepper and pork tacos.  All delish!  The chicken salad was full of flavor.  The steak pablano pepper (not sure if that was what it was called) was great.  The pepper stuffed with cheese, shrimp, onions and mushrooms sandwiched by a thin steak.  Wow.  Really wow.  Yum.  The tacos were good and flavorfull too.  My daughter ordered the corn dog (haha-kids) which they served honey mustard with which I thought was weird. lol  The decor was very blah.  They sat us in the back facing a wall with nothing on it. Odd kind of ambiance.  Kadence was our waitress-she was fabulous!  Like I said everyone was fantastic-on their best behavior still learning everything and getting to know each other but seemed like a good future team. ;)The best thing was the BROWNIE!  They said it takes SIX yes SIX hours to make!  What???  They prepare the brownie with some kind of cream sauce and ice cream on a skillet right at your table.  Unbelievable!  It sounded like alot of their desserts were specially made like that - at the table.  Very "special" kind of dessert.  I only planned to have a couple bites...uh yeah that didnt happen.  hahah  Bet you would say the same and change that thought.3 stars because they are not opened yet.  We will have to try it one more time to see.  The prices seem a little high-well some on them.  Our bill would have been about $90 with a margarita and a glass of wine.  Its worth a shot at least once.   Not sure when we will be back but if we do I will update this review.  Cheers!
5	Went there for dinner last night, Sunday, November 18, 2012. Ambiance was great, attentive from the moment you walked in, every person working there was smiling, now lets get to the food, what can I say it was fabulous. We started with the guacamole, made table side, they had little jars of condiments and asked you what you would like in it, it was delicious. My son had the Tacos al pastor, they had bits of pineapple in them and smelled and tasted wonderful (we all shared and had a bite of every ones order) I had the Enchiladas de Camerones....what are you kidding me, the shrimp was sweet and succulent, served with a sour cream poblano sauce that made my eye roll to the back of my head. My father had the Enchiladas Veracruz, which was a chicken enchilada with tomatillo sauce and queso fresco, old adage to "Die For". We topped off our meal with flan that was so smooth and light, my dad had the Mexican Apple Pie, with a Mexican Brandy butter and homemade cinnamon ice cream. I had the Mango Tres Leches cake, all I can say is that this cake deserves it's own holiday, it should be celebrated. If you have a chance to go there, what are you waiting for.....FANTASTIC!
4	Great atmosphere and really good food. Went for happy hour (1/2 priced apps and not sure of the drink specials but the margs were full price and we didn't care for any of them). Great crab cakes, wonderful mango chicken salad with jicama and excellent ceviche but the table side guacamole was standard fare, nothing special. Great bar scene and huge dining room and outdoor patio, will definitely return and just drink wine.
4	I wish I could give this place 4.5 stars, not only because the food and service were both excellent, but because I'm very excited that there is finally a decent Mexican restaurant in Summerlin. I had the fish tacos and my girlfriend had the cheese enchiladas (which inexplicably comes with chile con carne on top - she opted for the delicious but spicy tomatillo sauce instead). My tacos were flavorful and juicy, and they were grilled, not fried, which I loved. The picked onions on top were yum yum.  Complimentary chips were light and crunchy and the salsas were tasty. We each had a margarita which were made with fresh squeezed juices and a VERY healthy pour of tequila. Hopefully they keep this up! I thought the room and bar area were lovely and understated, with plenty of natural light.  Our server (Cesar) was great - we got lots of attention and copious drink refills. Overall, lunch was a big thumbs-up.....we will certainly be back to try other menu items and take advantage of the happy hour margaritas...
2	My post might be a bit biased since I spent the entire night and next day in front my of toilet.  Not 100% sure the cause was the food here but aside from that, there was nothing here that would make me come back for.  The food is over priced and not special.Ordered the al pastor tacos, which were just mediocre and when I had asked the waitress about whether the meat came from that huge vertical roasting stick she had no clue. (dont think it did since the meat was more of pulled pork style)
5	This play deserves this 5! Service was great from the start. Chips (fresh made) and salsa at the table so so good. Powerfruit mojito delicious and my pescado tacos along with my husband's enchilades vera cruz were all exceptional! Our server Sundae (yes that's her name and aptly so) was great and able to roll with our style of humor. We will definitely be back. I mean after all we have to try the happy and brunch. That's only fair.
4	The happy hour is great. Thursdays is lady's night with half price margaritas. They are also great at the regular price. Don't pass up the guacamole made fresh table side. They use serrano peppers which gives good heat. If you want to kick it way up ask for the Ghost peppers but be careful. The complimentary chips are tasty, not greasy or salty. 2 types of salsas are provided, cold and warm. The Happy Hour menu also has a good variety of food at a 50% discount. The Enchiladas De Pollo comes with a poblano sauce and the portion of 3 was flavorful and sufficient. The decor was clean and bright. Our servers were friendly, helpful and attentive. We look forward to coming back and enjoying the outdoor patio. Cantina Laredo is a great addition to the dining choices at Tivoli Village. A solid 4 Stars
2	This is a review of the Happy Hour.The Skinny: underseasoned and underwhelmed. Although they give you big portions, in this case, it isn't a good thing (2), service - stinks worse than the food (0) value: edible food but nothing spectacular, shoddy service makes this place a (2).We came here to try their happy hour because we were enticed by their rather extensive half priced bar menu.Normally when it comes to happy hours, we make it a point to sit at the bar because the bartender is right there offering you service. At this joint, the bartenders couldn't give a s&*t.He barely acknowledged us as we sat down. After spending a good amount of time fetching 2 glasses of water (he was too busy flirting with 2 skanky looking chicks at the end of bar), he neglected to provide a menu. I had to sneak one away from our neighbour. By the time he returned, we barraged him with our menu selections because we didn't know when he'd come back from infinity and beyond. Then he asked us "are you sure you don't want a margarita?". Pet peeve rant. If I wanted a f&*king margarita I'd have ordered one. End of rant.Realizing we weren't going to order booze, he pretty much ignored us. We had to ask for everything -- from more refills of water even when our empty glasses were in front of his face to f*&king cutlery. Don't even get me started on him lifting out heavy bins of dirty dishes and not washing his hands. Oh, and it took at least 10 minutes to find him to print out our check.At one point, the bar was completely unmanned for at least 6 minutes. A bunch of servers were huddled around the drink order area, waiting for their drinks to be made. Yup, the bar area = major clusterf$&k. And lets face it... the restaurant was perhaps 25% capacity (maybe 40 customers) and that's being freaking generous.The bartender actually had the gall to say just as he handed us our check which he finally got around to printing out. "Sorry about the poor service tonight. We just got slammed." By whom, I wonder, because the joint wasn't even hopping. In a way that was totally a dick move to try and garner sympathy. He knew that service was shoddy but didn't really acknowledge it until he realized that he was going to get a s*&tty tip. Sorry douche -- you still got a shitty tip anyway. He's lucky we left anything at all.On to the food.We ordered the fish tacos (3 tacos, $13 regular price), the tacos al pastor ((3 tacos, $11 regular price), the steak flatbread (2 large portions, $11 regular price)  and the ahi tuna tacos (3 tacos, $9 regular price). Portion sizing in general for their bar menu is rather generous. However given the lower quality of their food, large amounts is not a boon at all.We sampled their chips and salsa. Our server just plopped them on our table so I had no idea of what kind of salsa it was. The warm one is better than the cold one but neither one was truly worth mentioning. Their chips are on the thinner variety and needed some salt.Ahi tuna tacos were pretty bad. The fish had a weird sweetness to it that was singularily unpleasant. Encased in a taco shell made soggy by the watery, flavourless, green slime masquerading as guacamole, I believe this was definitely the worst dish of the night.The fish tacos had a very skimpy portion of fish in it. Or maybe because there are too many freaking slices of red raw onion to actually identify that there's some underseasoned fish hiding in there. Texturally uninteresting, it definitely needed more cabbage to add some crunch. It was just terribly bland and not very interesting dish.Tacos al pastor are not legit. It looks like chunky, stewed upchuck instead of the roasted pork on a spit. If that wasn't bad enough, the pork was as desperately flavourless as the fish tacos. Mixing in the grilled pineapple wasn't going to save it. It was pretty mediocre.The flatbread de bistek was the only thing that was truly palatable that night. The steak actually was seasoned and the flatbread was crisp - almost like a thicker cracker. It definitely wasn't anything astounding but at least it was okay. But as finger food, it's really messy to eat without a knife and fork. Overall, given the s*(tty service and the "okay to the-verge-of-nasty" food, I have no inclination to return. I was seriously debating about given this place a 1 star review. However the food was bad but wasn't completely inedible. For that, this joint squeeks by with a 2 starred review.
5	OHMAGOLLY...  This is exactly what Vegas has been missing.  The table side guac is total treat.  After sharing the starter, I ordered the Camorones Escondidos.  Chicken shrimp brilliance with sauteed spinach... num num num...  Definitely could not leave w/o trying the tres leches for dessert - no one should...  And of course, had to wash it all down w/ that Perfect Patron Margarita...  Can't beat a bartender who pours heavy...  Can't wait to go back and sit on their beautiful patio.
5	Nothing like this place in Summerlin, fresh and new. I expect this to be a regular spot for me.
5	Excellent food and service. The warm salsa is some of the best I've ever had. And the place is beautiful.
5	EExcellent .....feshly made guacamole salad super custom made .....clean ....very accomodating with kids .  Prices are good ....super delicious fiesta fajitas ....quail was fantastic .....I wish tortillas were made on site ....so easy to make .  Johnny the server was very attentive and knowledgeable ....and good sense of humour ...not intrusive at all.  Try the flan.....bravo!!!!!!!!
3	Cantina Laredo Mexican Restaurant (3Stars) - 4 Stars for its good valued happy hour drinks & bar dishes and atteactive modern decor- 2 Stars for poor bartender service!It is a great addition to the charming Tivoli Village. It's a mid-upscale, Mexican restaurant with a plush, modern decor and very inviting, comfortable ambience. Its Happy Hour offer is excellent with good bar dishes and drinks and low prices. Service at the bar is quite SUBPAR, however.My HH EXPERIENCE: - My first HH experience here was good enough that I'd go back there again and soon, and bring some friends along. Its entrance looks upscale and inviting, with the large open patio on the side, its lit firepit radiating warmth and charm. Inside the entrance is a nice waiting area. I was surprised to see a modern, mid-upscale decor - nothing resembles a traditional Mexican establishment! - It was only after I saw the HH menu and well after getting my free tortilla chips, when Cantina Laredo made me feel being in a Mexican restaurant. - I took a seat at the bar counter, which was about half-full around 6pm, and had to wait unusually long to get my 1st beer and chips! After one of the 2 barkeeps first greeted me, then they just seemed to ignore the customers.The bar lounge is medium sized with an attractive bar counter and  several nice bar tables. Its happy hour (4-7; 9-closing M-F: Sat 11-5pm) offers a good selection of drinks ($2-5, plus daily drink specials), half-off bar dishes ($5-7), with free, warm tortilla chips![- See pics of menu]I enjoyed my draft Dos XX ($3) and a delicious Margarita (Monday Special, $5, equivalent to two normal margaritas at $3each). For food, I had its popular Crab Cakes ($5.5) which came with 3 pieces - great price. However, the first cake I tasted was disappointing, a bit loose, runny, hardly had any crab meat, and was ONLY LUKE WARM (despite the warning from the server that the plate was super HOT!). After several attempts, I finally got the attention of the bartender, who called the manager. The manager was very friendly and offered to get me another order. I asked him to just have it warmed up, which he did. After the dish was warmed up, the crab cakes did taste much better; those remaining two did contain some crab meat! The mgr explained that the batch was probably not mixed well enough for more even distribution of ingredients? The gentleman sitting next to me was going to order the crab cakes but changed his mind after seeing my order.Actually my main disappointment was its two bartenders' SUBPAR service that evening. They were NOT attentive, even the bar was not busy. They avoided eye contact with customers. The gentleman next to me and I were sitting at a great spot near the beer tabs and cash register, but we both still had great difficulty getting their attention even for our 1st drink, not to mention our subsquent orders...!Note to Management:- I understand that your nice restaurant is still brand new. I do hope your management would conduct more training to improve (1) the services at the bar counter, and (2) the consistency/quality of its dishes. PLEASE!IN SHORT: - For its elgant, modern decor, nice ambience, and especially its good happy hour menu and low price, I like Cantina Laredo's HH, and will go back. Hopefully, its service at the bar will get better. When it does, I'll include it in my list of favorite bars.Peterskis, Dec 2012--
3	The food was OK. It's a bit pricey for the quality. Have you been to a restaurant and already thinking when to come back after you're done eating?  Or the next day you're dreaming about the meal you had?  This is just not the type.  But I might come back someday since I live in Summerlin. Pretty interior and nice location though. This is an amercan-mexican fusion restaurant.
4	I love Tivoli Village and was looking forward to trying a new happy hour spot.  This restaurant is very attractive and has a nice layout.  My girlfriend and I sat in the bar and started with chips, salsa and what we thought was a complimentary guacamole prepared table side to your liking.  What made us think it was complementary and a feature of the restaurant was that there was a tip jar on the cart and no mention of the $9.95 charge.  We also ordered the $3 ritas, crab cakes, nachos al carbon (beef), and the flautas de pollo.  Nothing extremely amazing about the food but it was good.  We had no problems with service and I think this would be a great spot to catch the game as a they have a couple large screen TVs.  They also took the guac charge off the bill.  I honestly have no problem with charging for it, my problem is not letting us know beforehand.  I mean we go to happy hours for a deal and that $9.95 gauc charge equals three more house ritas!   I'm pretty sure I will be back and look forward to when the weather is nice enough to sit outside.
1	Had a reservation for Xmas eve for 8 people. I called to confirm the Friday before & the restaurant called me the day of. When we got there they wanted to split the party of 8 onto two tables! The hostess said I'm sorry the tables are bolted down we can't put two together! The place was almost empty and you can't sit my party @ one table? I asked for a manager who was of no help simply stating we have a large table that's just about to get up would you like that? Yes thank you Mr bald headed manager I would like it as I have 8 people I would like to sit at one table. We waited another 10 for the table to clear then get reset. Then we sat and sat waiting I swear another 10 minutes for Caesar our server to greet us. I would have thought Mr Mgr would have been on it offering us an apology or some great service but no. Drinks took forever, screwed up the margarita because we said no salt so it kept getting worse. I ordered the $23 fajitas which came out on a warm cast iron plate on a wood trivet, every body's food was warm not hot. I will give credit to the taste of the food as I did like it, just wished it was hot. The server tried his best but it just didn't work. I wish them luck. Thanks for nothing I won't be back
4	This is TexMex, not Baja,Sonora, or what is in San Diego. This is Texas style. I'm a California boy and I love this stuff. I love traditional too. It's like that NY pizza vs Chicago pizza argument. You can like them both!  Duuurp!
5	I've come back a few times and it's always a great experience. Best margaritas and staff.
5	Great addition to Summerlin! Tasty food, friendly staff, awesome ambiance and good happy hour!I will be back many, many times! Best guac everrrr.
1	Not good at all. Staff were helpful, food was horrible. How can you mess up beans?
2	We chose to eat a late lunch on a Wednesday around 2:30. The decor is quite modern and wide open. There was a definitely a chill in the air so we ordered coffee. The waitress was very accommodating in regards to inquiries about the menu. Our coffee was lukewarm and it took 25 minutes for our lunch to arrive. The spinach enchiladas were boring and prepared using very small tortillas. The brisket tacos were tough to chew, dry and lacking any distinct flavor. Rice and beans were good and small in portion size. Did I mention the coffee? The waitress never checked to see if we needed a refill. Overall, we were disappointed in the quality of the food, portion size, flavor and service.
4	I have a new favorite Mexican restaurant.  Well, Tex-Mex.  And I'm thrilled that it's close by in Tivoli Village.We were here first for a milestone birthday party.  The drinks - Margaritas and Sangria - flowed constantly from pitchers served by the wait staff.  Knowing it was going to be a long night, I gave up the Margarita after downing the first half because it was really strong - and really good! - and I'm the self-designated driver half of our family.  The Sangria was great, too, but a little less potent.While the food may have not been totally representative of a regular dinner at Laredo, since it was served buffet-style, it was delicious.  There was excellent guacamole on the tables (regularly made table-side to order), and the hot food was changed up a few times during the evening, so I sampled quite a few of their items.  I was impressed by just about everything.The room the party was held in was in the back of the restaurant and not fully closed-off.  I've been to dinners held at some other restaurants in the area that are in back rooms completely separated from the main space (Roy's, Gordon Biersch), and I might have been in Peoria, since the decor and charm of the restaurant was nonexistent.  At Cantina Laredo, I felt as if we really were in the restaurant.Service was exceptional.  The waiters assigned to the party were efficient beyond belief, constantly removing plates, refilling drinks, and were also very friendly.The good service continued when I returned a couple of nights ago with some friends to sample Happy Hour, which runs till 7 p.m.  We shared a Queso Fundido, a melted cheese platter with chorizo sausage, and it was as good as any I've had in Mexico.  Two friends ordered taco platters, which were three small tacos piled high with fillings.  Along with the drinks and the Queso Fundido appetizer, it made for a woman-sized meal at a very reasonable price.  I ordered the crab cakes because the waitress said they were sauteed rather than fried.  The taste was good, with just a little kick (could have used a bit more), but the texture was totally mush.  I doubt whether I'd order them again.  My CasaRita, for $5 ($1 extra for the cranberry flavoring), was stronger than I expected at Happy Hour prices, but since I was having only the one drink, it was good.  Very good.  There was a glitch with the two glasses of wine my friend ordered.  Before ordering, she asked the waitress what red wines were included in the $4 HH price, and was told that it was the wines listed for $7.50 on the regular menu.  But when the bill came, her two glasses were $15.  Seems that THAT wine wasn't included, a little fact the waitress neglected to mention.  But the manager adjusted the price, and I hope he offered the waitress a tutorial on HH wine prices.The atmosphere is modern, with very little to suggest an ethnic restaurant, but I love all the stone and other decor.  This is a place I hope will be around for a long time!
3	I stumbled onto this restaurant last St. Paddy's day while in Chicago. I was in love! The decor was awesome, the food great, but the margaritas was what won my heart. Housemade margie mix, and no fake stuff.  I love the tableside guac and the chips and salsa are deeee-lish. One of my favorite meals is chips & salsa and margaritas. Be careful, two drinks and you're making new friends. Sit at the bar and talk to Jennifer. She's the best!I want to come and try brunch!
2	Service was less than great.  GM Mark not receptive to comments or constructive criticism. To tell you he heard the same thing before but no change made to menu or waitress serving what you ordered correcting the errors in the printed menu is unacceptable.  The ahi tuna taco appetizer was amazing. The tortilla soup was just mediocre. The menu item stating it was chicken stuffed with shrimp and spinach only to be served between two dried out cutlets with a sauce and three shrimp and spinach in between these cutlets does not constitute stuffed by any means.  Go now because if things don't change this place won't make it for too long inSummerlin.
1	We were excited to try the happy hour menu at this new place in Tivoli Village. That excitement quickly turned into dismay as we experienced the shitty service and crappy food. When we do happy hour, although we prefer sitting at a table, oftentimes we sit at the bar counter if we are concerned about slow service by the waitstaff. Typically, the bartenders do a much better job refilling your water and attending to you than the regular waitstaff. Unfortunately, this was the exception to that rule. Frankly, this was probably some of the worst service we've ever had sitting at the bar. We are very understanding if the bar/restaurant is busy, but this wasn't one of those cases. The bartender asked if we were interested in the happy hour menu and what we wanted to drink. We replied yes and we would start with ice water until we had a chance to peruse the menu. He acknowledged us but then proceeded to take care of other bar customers for the next several minutes before eventually serving us ice water. We got impatient waiting for him to give us a menu so we grabbed a menu that had been placed aside by one of the other customers sitting a few seats away.We decided to order the Mahi Mahi fish tacos ($13), pork al pastor tacos ($11), ahi tuna tacos ($9) and steak flatbread ($11) and save room for the mango tres leches for dessert. The tacos came in orders of 3. Everything was half-price for happy hour, except for desserts. We were served a complimentary basket of tortilla chips and 2 kinds of salsa, mild and spicy. The chips were unusually thin and the salsas unremarkable. Our order came out pretty quickly, about 10-15 minutes after we ordered. The flatbread was huge. It was not bad but not great and also the best dish by far. The pork al pastor was a distant second and quite disappointing. Instead of pieces of pork sliced off a rotating spit, it consisted of ground pork marinated with Mexican spices but severely lacking in salt. The Mahi Mahi tacos were bland and very skimpy on the fish and drowning in a raw red onion "salsa" which completely drowned out other flavors. The ahi tuna tacos were our least favorite. They were unusually sweet and soggy due to the extremely watery and bland guacamole underneath. On our way to the restroom, we spotted their dessert display tray sitting on a random counter. We were hoping that perhaps dessert would bring some minor redemption, but the mango tres leches did not look legit so we decided to pass.Now, let's continue talking about the service. After telling our bartender that we only wanted to drink water, he asked if we were sure we didn't want a margarita. I find this second-guessing and upselling tactic incredibly annoying. If I wanted to order an alcoholic drink, then I would've ordered one. To add insult to injury, we had to attempt to get his attention and wave him down numerous times for everything from water refills, getting the check, and even for eating utensils, believe it or not! At least a couple of times, our water glasses were completely empty and ignored even though he was standing directly in front of us after he finished entering orders into the register. Once we finally got our check the bartender actually had the gall to say "Sorry about the poor service tonight. We just got slammed. I hope you understand." Oh, really? Maybe, we're both blind because it certainly didn't appear busy at all. In fact, the place was mostly empty. Listen if you're going to own up to poor service, then don't try to justify it with some BS excuse. Hey Luis, understand this: you are lucky that we still tipped you 10% on the happy hour pricing instead of a big fat goose egg. We usually tip 15% on the regular non-discounted pricing, but this guy didn't even deserve what we gave him.In summary, inauthentic Mexican food that is gross to subpar even by Americanized standards combined with abysmal service gets Cantina Laredo 1.5 stars. Since my wife rounded up to 2 stars, I'm rounding down to 1. Frankly, we were shocked by how pathetic both the food and service were. We expected that this place would rate at least 3 stars, but I guess you never know for sure until you try. Never again.
5	I have been to Cantina Laredo a handful of times now, and have yet to have a poor experience. I think my favorite entree is the enchiladas y asada plate. Amazing!On my last lunch date at Cantina, I was introduced to their apple pie. I was told it smelled like heaven. Now, I have yet to actually smell heaven, but if I could image what heaven might someday smell like, Cantina's apple pie is right up there. It is served on a hot skillet and drenched in brandied butter sauce... to die for! I've always had good service and received beverages, food and chip refills in a timely manner. I will absolutely return to Cantina Laredo again soon - especially since there aren't many nice Mexican restaurants in the Summerlin area.
3	I read something about this place in one the local weekly newspapers and recommended it to some friends who were taking me to a birthday lunch.  The space was well done but like most of these places, the actual food was just okay. Of course, being a Mexican restaurant, I was expecting Viva Michoacan  or Lindo Michoacan (ha! I never noticed they had about the same name.)The food here was okay, but v.small portions and not much to them. And like other reviewers, the server seems to really want us to drink their expensive booze. I'm not a drinker so that gets annoying,Again, this is not a place that I will special effort to go here again.
1	The food wasn't really authentic mexican. I didn't try the table side guacamole because it was extra, but I''m guessing it was probably better then the one that is cheaper. Worst guacamole ever, was it even real? Ceviche tasted like it was marinated with tabasco. Mahi Mahi tacos were okay, I've had better. The shrimp enchilada's hardly had any shrimp or anything inside of them but they were drenched in sour cream, yum. I mean if you are into that kind of fake mexican food you should be okay, but in all honesty you should really just go to cafe rio instead. However, the waitress was very sweet.
5	Finally a Mexican food place here. Everyone in our group loved their food. Normally we share, I didn't want to give up mine nor anyone else. I got the chicken enchiladas, pomegranate margarita, guacamole, brownie and apple pie. Besides the terrific food, the waiter really deserves prompts for giving unexpectedly over the top service.
4	Great place ! Can't wait to go for happy hour!
3	I am torn on this review....   Met some friends in here for dinner.  We love Tivoli and frequent many of the places here, although they are turning over quite quick these days.  I sat at the bar and had a cocktail.  Service was impeccable and  the chips and salsa were served quickly and were YUMMO!  Friends joined me at the bar and we tasted some tequilas before settling into our table in the dinning room.  That is where things went down hill.I would say at least 10 minutes passed before anyone stopped by our table.  He then said he was slammed and would be by shortly.  He stopped by again about 5 minutes later with waters and swooped away again.  Finally came and got our order, it was pretty simple, ceviche appetizer, combo fajitas and a salad to share between the three of us as entrees.  I also ordered a drink at this time.  Well food came out all together (not as requested) my drink also didn't show up yet....  He ran off to get the drink.  We realized we didn't get our tortillas for our fajitas, and we also needed chips for our ceviche.  It was just a disaster.  Then with a table full of dirty dishes he brings the desert tray over, REALLY??  I am sitting in garbage, could you clean it up PLEASE!  The food was amazing!!  I can't say that enough, but I would never eat in the dinning room here again.  I would stick to the bar.  Bartenders were awesome!!!
2	Went to this place last night with a party of 7. Told the waitress at the very beginning that we would need separate checks. Food very average I thought. Service was not good at all. One person had to send his carnitas tacos back two times and decided he had lost his appetite. After asking for our check so we could leave, it took 45 minutes to get our checks which two were not correct. When we received our checks, they had the nerve to automatically add 20% tip. This waitress did NOT deserve a 20% tip. I have never seen anything more than 18% added and I think that is very high as well. It is not required by law to leave any certain amount of a tip so how is it that they can get away with adding an automatic 20%. Very disappointing and I will never go back. Food = not good. Service = terrible. Automatic 20% to someone who didn't deserve it = BULLSHIT!
4	I've been here three times, so I obviously like it, though not without complaint.  I think the food is really good, and the drinks are great but very pricey for off the Strip.  The restaurant is beautiful, and I'm looking forward to warm weather when the patio with bar seating is open.  There's something for everyone on the menu, and everyone enjoyed their food every time I've been.  Service has been an issue, and you get the sense that the young ladies out front are more about eye candy than knowing how to seat guests.  You can find both in this town, CL, so keep looking.  My biggest complaint with CL, like many places off the Strip, is that guests should be greeted by a server within five minutes of being seated.  If you're not able to do that, you're not really ready to seat them.  I hope CL works out it's server issues because I want them to hang around.  If they don't, they won't, and that would be a shame--it's a cool place.
4	This is really a 3.5 star rating but I bumped it to 4 stars because the salsa they give you when you first sit down (complimentary) was really good!!! There's two kinds: One is more spicier than the other and has a kick of spice to it. The other...pretty mild and it taste like a bean dip (taste better than it sounds...trust me lol)Now onto the food: I really like the portions...its smaller than most "authentic mexican" restaurant dishes. Some of you might not like this but I do cuz I'm weight conscious. lol I get paranoid if I feel like I'm eating a bunch of food. But lets not get sidetrack. =) My boyfriend ordered a chicken enchilada and I also order a chicken enchilada with a sweet sauce on top of it. My boyfriend and I both thought it was eh...just okay. The rice didn't taste so good. To me, it was kind of bland. I had to drench that in salsa. Prices I think came out to be around $12-16 per dish. Obviously more expensive if you were going order any type of seafood entree.Would I come back here? Probably not. I'm not a drinker so I didn't try any drinks but maybe this place would've been better for those who like to drink and such. This would be a good little spot to grab a drink, eat some ceviches, or have some complimentary salsa and chips.
4	I went here for lunch on a work day.  I met my parents who brought my toddler so we could all eat together.The waitress was friendly and patient with my toddler.  She brought out a sample of a sauce when my mother worried about it being too spicy.  We were in and out and I was back at work on time. Now to the food.  I ordered enchiladas with avocado and artichokes.  My mother ordered cheese and onion enchiladas.  My father ordered chicken enchiladas.  All were delicious.  I especially loved my avocado and artichoke enchiladas.  They were fresh and tasty and I didn't leave with a heavy-feeling stomach.  The cheese enchiladas were also very good.  The black beans were very bland but the rice was delicious.I would happily go back to this restaurant.
5	I was craving one of their margarita's after I tried their Jalapeno margarita at a Yelp elite event! Unfortunately I didn't see it on the menu so I tried the Mango Margarita.  I also loved this drink I could have easily ordered another one but I practiced self control! I hope one day that they will add the Jalapeno Margarita to their list.We started off with the table side guacamole which was awesome! They always make it look so easy compared to when I try to make it at home. It was worth the extra $8.95 because it was so delicious!I ordered a not so Mexican dish but I was craving it so I was like, "Why not"? The Cascabel Rib eye ($24.95) is a cowboy cut bone in rib eye. It is aged for 21 days then basted with Cascabel marinade. It was so good and so tender ! This is a great price compared to some places I ate steak or rib eye at! The side potatoes that it came with was meh .... I personally think they should replace them with mashed potatoes. You can't go wrong with rib eye and mashed potatoes! We ordered two desserts to share for the table. We had the sizzling Mexican Apple Pie. It is sizzled in Mexican brandy butter and topped with either Cinnamon ice cream or vanilla. I chose the Cinnamon ice cream it went together beautifully! We also had the Mexican Brownie which also was sizzled in Mexican brandy butter which was topped with vanilla ice cream. That was also tasty. If you come here you should try at least one dessert !The service was awesome and attentive! We always had refills on our chips and drinks! I can't wait to go back!
2	Service south of the border.We have been strong supporters for Cantina Laredo, referring all our friends to try it out. Service has always been very good. Until tonight. We arrived, sat at the Bar and asked what the Happy Hour specials were. After being told that the Merlot and Cab were $4.00 I ordered the Merlot.  We relocated to a table across from the Bar so another couple who we invited could join us..  We asked the server before ordering anything if she would split the check because we were ordering dinner and our friends were just having Apps and drinks.  We were told no problem. So far so good. We then got a different server who had a attitude and was not a people person.  Drinks took excessively a long time to get. I ordered Fortaleza Blanco tequila, Neat. The server forgot what i asked for so i repeated what i wanted and he repeated what i requested, then he was going to give me the wrong tequila that I ordered even after repeating my request for what I asked for.The check came and we were charged $9.50 for glasses of wine instead of the $4.00 happy hour charge, When the bill came, it was bundled together instead of split and the server got a new attitude when I told him I had asked the 1st server to split the check.  Our friends were very upset and vowed to never return. Not a happy camper. Vegas has 1000's of places to dine and if customers are treated properly resturants go as fast as they come. I hope Cantina Laredo improves.
1	Been here twice-- First time was okay and second time was a disaster. Service was horrible and the food was terrible. How do you screw up a salad?? Will not be returning to this place.
2	Disappointed with the service and the time it took to be served. Food was mediocre, lacked flavor and a bit dry...(chicken quesadilla, mahi-mahi tacos, fajitas). I prefer authentic mexican food...Leticia's in NorthWest. I expected more from Laredo Cantina...we weren't greeted with a smile, the server didn't refill our drinks, we had to wave him down a few times. The prices were decent however the portions were very small. I highly recommend for you to go elsewhere. Cafe Rio or Leticia's...Oooh Yeah!
1	Dined here yesterday for lunch/happy hour. While the server was friendly, the bar was understaffed which amounted to horrendous service. We were not in a rush, but it took nearly two hours to complete our experience. We had two drinks each, guacamole, one appetizer each, and the apple pie dessert. It was entirely unreasonable for everything to take so long. If you are advertising a happy hour, you should expect a crowd and staff your restaurant accordingly.The food was, in averaging everything, acceptable. Guacamole was terrible. Flatbread was good. Apple pie dessert was excellent. I would have returned to try other items if not for the rest of my experience.After several hours, I came down with food poisoning. While I dine out often, this was only the second time in my life that I have had food poisoning. I am sorely disappointed in this restaurant, will not be returning, and will be sure to warn others not to dine here.
4	Since my last review we have been back to see if service improved. I am pleased to say we had a great time and look forward to many more good times at Cantina Laredo
4	5-Star rating to Eric H. for the excellent service! However! We had a reservation at 6:30p and only got seated at 7:20p! Good thing Eric H. made up for the service & the food is divine! Therefore, I'll rate Cantina Laredo a 4-star overall! Thanks Eric H!
4	I had been dying to come back to Cantina Laredo after the outstanding Yelp Gold Elite dinner I attended a little over a month ago.  The plan was to pick up my wife after she got out of work and I went over to Misti's CMYE at La Belle Terre in the meantime.  Unfortunately (or fortunately?) the treats they offered were really, really good and I couldn't bear to eat...just ...one.  So I wasn't that hungry when we rolled in here.  We split an appetizer and entree.  But it looked like happy hour was truly where it was at with half price margaritas, $3 beer and half off the bar menu.  They run that from 4pm-7pm and after 9pm.  Ofcourse we're there at 7:30pm.  We made sure to order things that weren't discounted during happy hour.Appetizer: My wife's only request is that she wanted something with cheese.  What?  At a Mexican restaurant???  Are you sure???  It didn't get much cheesier than the "Laredo Fundido" which was a huge bowl of cheese sauce with taco meat in it.  This would be excellent to share with a group.   I would've preferred the tableside guacamole.  A lot of tables ordered it and that looked great.Entree: The "Enchilada Mole" was pretty good.  Mole isn't something I want to have most of the time but it sounded great and it delivered.  The sauce had good flavor and tasted like only mole could.I'll definitely be back for some of the more exciting dishes when I have more of an appetite.  The outdoor area will be great when it gets warmer too.
4	First time here and as you can imagine, it was busy on a Friday night. Luckily we made a reservation and were seated pretty quickly. Their complimentary chips and salsa are excellent. They offer two types of salsa - one cold and one warm. We ordered the guacamole, which they make tableside. It was good, but the onion was chunky and too strong for my taste. You can customize it, so I'll definitely ask them to leave it out next time. We also got the ahi tacos - yum!I'm trying to be "healthy" so I ordered the shrimp salad, which was okay. My husband got the shrimp enchiladas. I had a bite and wished I ordered that instead, it was awesome!Service was good. Would return...maybe on a night when I can cheat from my diet, lol.
4	I had this place bookmarked to try so when I saw they were participating in "Restaurant Week" I figured this was as good of a time as any to give it a shot. As I approached our table and saw an avocado and lime waiting at the table I could have sworn they new me well and it was there just for moi! Of course they were on every table but an avocado lover like myself could at least dream of something so simple yet sweet! Chips and 2 kinds of salsas were brought to the table. One I didn't care much for but the other I couldn't get enough of. It had such a freshly made flavor and just the right amount of kick in it. The chips were really good. Included in our RW meal was a "Casa Rita" which it isn't for the weak and the freshly squeezed lime juice added just the right touch. For starters we had "Chile Con Queso" and Flautas De Pollo". I have to say the con queso was disappointing. I didn't think it tasted terrible but it did remind me of velveeta cheese. I personally wouldn't order the con queso again. The flautas were good with a tex-mex vibe. I am used to my flautas being made with flour tortillas so it was different to try them made with corn tortillas instead. For my main meal I had the "Tacos De Carnitas". I loved it! The pork had such a beautiful flavor. I would for sure order the tacos again. It came with beans and rice. The rice was cooked just right and the beans were beyond flavorful. as if I weren't full enough the meal was topped off with "Churros" for dessert. It was chewy and sweet. The grand marnier cajeta dipping sauce paired nice with the churros! I enjoyed my meal as well did the other people in my party. The service was great and it was clean inside. I saw people in jogging pants and sports bras so I guess there isn't as much of a dress code as I thought. I noticed seating outside that would be great for taco grubbing and rita guzzling should mother nature be so kind to allow it. Our server said they have happy hour Monday-Friday from 4 pm-7 pm and ladies night on Thursday where ladies get 1/2 off margaritas. They gave me a flyer for their e-club with the bill. It says they offer monthly deals and promotions.
5	Incredible enchiladas, Enjoy, a lot of food for a great price!
5	I was taken to Cantina Laredo for a birthday lunch and was lucky enough to take advantage of a tremendous Restaurant Week special!  The food was very fresh and very flavorful and had complex flavor profile!  The margaritas were great as is the patio and cool modern decor!  I loved it overall and will be back very soon!
4	Always came here for lunch and never left disappointed, last time I went it was  for dinner by myself and sat at the bar, I was quickly greeted with their house chips and salsa, atmosphere was kinda non existent (maybe bc I came to have dinner at a Mexican restaurant on St Patrick's day) nonetheless my food was tasty (I had the Tampico chicken... stay away from this dish if you're lactose intolerant though lol). Service was okay but my food came out super fast.
3	My lunch here was good.  I liked the table side guacamole and was glad they offered to bring additional spicy flavorings on the side so that the guacamole could be shared easily.  My pork tacos were tender and good, though nothing too exceptional.  The dessert tray with fake ice cream was a little creepy.
4	Such a great spot! I've been here several times and am never disappointed. Today I was there with a group of six for a business meeting and the food was wonderful. We ordered the cevichi and guacamole to share both were great. This was my first time having either one and they will now become a staple. The guacamole is made to order and ours had a wonderful kick to it. The chips are warm from the oven and the two salsas they serve with them are wonderful, I particularly like the warm one. I shared with my co-worker so I got a barbacoa (brisket) taco and an al pastor taco. While both were good the al pastor did not have the kick I require in al pastor; the barbacoa on the other hand was spectacular and i will be ordering it again next time I go. Several of the ladies I had lunch with enjoyed the salmon which was the fish of the day and all three said they would order it again. The service was good not great my water ran dry a few times but overall our waitress Amanda was very respectful of the fact that we were in fact having a meeting and was careful not to interrupt.
1	Slow service, guac made at your table that tastes like plastic and so so food.  We gave it a couple of tries but won't be back.
4	Good food, and good, but pricey drinks in a very nice atmosphere with attentive service. The guacamole was yummy.
5	Dude, the Mexican Apple Pie...  Holy crap...  they get 5 stars just for that.
2	I came her last weekend with two other guests. I'm basing my rating on the average of our three scores...We all really wanted to like this place.  It started off great!  The chips and salsa they bring to the table are delicious and addicting.  I was excited to order the fresh guacamole but then it started going downhill.  I only had one bite of the guacamole - I thought it tasted nasty.  One of my guests had only one bite while the other guests took out the grilled jalepenos that were mixed in it and found it to be "ok". On to entrees....one guest ordered a chicken burrito that was "ok"- It was swimming in this creme sauce that he tried taking off.  The waitress kept stressing that she recommended the tacos - I should've listened to her!  My other guest ordered tacos and they looked nice and fresh. I ordered off the brunch menu and got the omelet with potatoes and these cinnamon fried bananas.  The bananas were good but the omelet was dripping with oil!  And the potatoes had a REALLY WEIRD taste to them - they were uneatable!  Ewwwww.  I mentioned this to the waitress with the suggestion that the chef taste the batch being served (I didn't want anyone getting sick from them) and she just smiled and said ok.  Once we asked for our check it took 20 minutes to get it... They weren't busy.  Maybe understaffed?  I paid the check and I have no plans of returning.  I can get way better food thats edible at the Suncoast cafe across the street- and still have money left to play wheel of fortune! My other guest said they would never return again either, while the other said he would just come for a drink and a taco appetizer.  Bummer.....
3	I've been here 3 times now, once for lunch, twice for dinner.  I like patio seating, I live in Vegas afterall and we have one week of Spring and one week of Fall, so I truly take advantage!!  The patio here is nice - it's comfortable, it's great for people watching.  The big patio to the side was booked for a private party, so we weren't able to sit there when I was there last.  The atmosphere is very comfortable, little noisy, but nothing unusual.    I love Mexican food, I love chips n salsa and this is where my first disappointment lies. The salsa is fine (noteworthy would be a stretch, but it does taste fresh), but the chips are these thin tasteless corn things with no zing, there's nothing to love about them, at all!  Try the chips and salsa from Leticia's and you'll know what I mean by great chips! The guac made fresh and tableside is pretty great - it tastes awesome and is all that great guac is supposed to be!  I've had the chicken salad, carnitas tacos, shrimp tacos, and mahi tacos (LOVE tacos too!) and fajitas here.  All very average. They do let you mix your tacos - three per plate and you can try a variety if that's your thing.  The carnitas tacos were the best of the three, but not a WOW kind of taco. They are smaller, street taco size, just like we had back in Ensenada, but not as memorable.  My husband had the enchiladas and said they were "yea, they were good", but again, nothing great. They do have a happy hour here - its in the bar area only and does include food although I wouldn't say it's any kind of a smokin' deal that would bring me in.  The drinks . . . . maybe, but not the food.  I didn't have one, but the woman next to me raved about their Casa Rita margarita which is their house margarita.  I'm not a margarita gal, but if you are, try it out!!
4	As a continuation of a Saturday afternoon drink/food fest, we decided to drive a quick 5 minutes away and visit Cantina Laredo in Tivoli Village.  To our surprise, they had a happy hour going on.  Please be advised that it is only in the bar.For the happy hour, the margaritas were half off and so were the beers.  I just got a Pacifico but it was cheap!  Our tables decided to get a bunch of different appetizers.  Oh, I almost forgot!  If you check in on Foursquare (after checking into Yelp of course!), your table will get a free queso!What I really love is the unlimited chips and salsa that the staff brings to your table.  I was very appreciative of that.  The chili con queso (usually $7.85) was a little runny but the flavor was awesome!  It came in a soup bowl and fed us for a long time!  Try taking the tortilla chips and dipping it into that.  It's total bomb diggity :)  Our table also got a few chicken and pork tacos, as well as chicken fajitas nachos al carbon for $10.  It was a full plate of the chicken, melted cheese peppers and goodness!  The chicken tacos or Taco De Pollo for $9.45 was Fajita chicken with avocado, pico de gallo, queso fresco and poblano drizzle.  It was packed with a lot of flavor!  Avocado is creamy and chunky and the pico de gallo offers a light taste with fresh ingredients.  The Tacos De Carnitas for $10.05 includes Slow-roasted pork with chipotle wine sauce.  I love slow roasted shredded pork.  So much flavor.  So much juice.  On point!All in all, this place was a great time!  Since the outside area is so inviting and close to the bar, I would maybe suggest to extend the happy hour to that area.  That would make this place perfect!  No matter, I will be back!
5	We love Tivoli Village and are always looking for somewhere new to go. First time we ate there it was nothing short of delicious!! Service was friendly and helpful with out being pushy or intrusive. They told us about happy so we came back. They have an early happy hour as well as a late night. Even on FRIDAYS!!! So good and what a great deal. It's only in the bar but always great service. So much so we frequent there quite often. Oh did I forget to mention the do a great brunch with a free bloodymary or mimosa!! I'm jus say'n you gotta go.....
5	This place was a nice departure from the typical Mexican restaurant. A little more upscale and modern. Very fresh and delicious food!  The complimentary chips and salsa were so good. Not greasy or heavy like a lot of other Mexican restaurants. Shrimp enchiladas were very flavorful and the table side guacamole and dessert options were a fun touch. Definitely would go back again and again!
5	Happy Hour is a great way to try a variety of appetizers. My husband and I did not expect the large portions of high quality Mexican fair. We had planned to sit at the bar first for a sampling of food and drink but ended up quite full after just 2 apptzrs each. I was very impressed with taste, portions, presentation and creative twists on traditional Mexican food. I was pleased that they allow you to mix it up on the taco plate that comes with three tacos; For example you may choose chicken, carne asada, and carnitis-my favorite. Enjoy!
2	I should know better than to go out for upscale Mexican. That's like going out for fancy Chinese food -- 99% of the time it leads to nothing but utter disappointment. Cantina Laredo was no exception. It's a great looking spot in Tivoli Village with a cozy patio, but the service and food were a letdown.I heard guacamole is made tableside. Except maybe if you're dining on the patio? Our order was hastily dropped off by another server/food runner. It wasn't bad and was a large enough portion to feed four. Tuna tacos were ok, but surprisingly bland, minus the guac and red onions. The casarita margarita tasted watered down and wasn't nearly as strong as it should have been. My wife's salad suffered from mushy mangos and soggy greens. But at least the shrimp was good.I was happy to hear that I could mix and match a taco platter. Unfortunately, these tacos made me crave one found at much cheaper taquerias (Tacos el Gordo anyone?). The barbacoa was my favorite with it's smokey flavor. The carnitas wasn't any better than what I can make at home and the al pastor was average. They would have been good coming from a home cook, but from an upscale restaurant... I expected more.Our server may have been busy, but slow service is slow service. We didn't get napkins and silverware until after our appetizers showed up -- and we had to ask for them. No offers to refill our drinks until after we were done eating. Our server vanished after we got our food and didn't show up until fifteen minutes after we were done eating. There may or may not have been a good reason for the poor service, but it was bad enough to create a negative dining experience and forced me to do something I haven't done in a couple years... give less than a twenty percent tip. And, ultimately it means there's zero chance of me returning.
5	"The guac is fantastic, loved my entire meal. Totally enjoyed the outside dining. The service was great.  Will definitely be back!"
1	I sat at the bar tonight. The bartenders are super attentive and quick to offer a drink and food menu.  The chips are served warm which I love. The bartender recommended 3 tacos. ( steak, chicken and pastor) I ate the steak.... But the other 2sat with one bite out. Way to BBQ!!!!! Ended up not eating. for a mexican restaurant the tacos tasted very americanized.  For a drink I went with the recommendation of a strawberry mojito. Gross !!!!!!!! Bar bistro has the best in town.  after the bartender saw that i ate only one taco, she quickly took the plate and tried to just drop the check.... really????? i doubt i will return. they are quick to sell and be friendly and then just act rude.
4	Can't say I go out for "upscale" Mexican food often, but when I was sitting outdoor at Poppy Den, I saw Cantina Laredo's outdoor dining space and thought it would be a great place for a few drinks oh and some food too.   Anyway, came here with my husband and two dogs just before noon on a Monday.  I walked into the restaurant to ask for a table outside, but was shocked when the restaurant was completely empty, I thought it was still closed, but it wasn't. The host showed me a table outside, but we requested to be near railing to tie up the dogs and he happily let us to choose it. No bowl of water for the dogs, but that is ok...we had one.We ordered a few glasses of wine which averaged $9/glass from a list of 12  wines..all decent and familiar.  The pour was atleast 6 oz., which is generous these days. Then I ordered the two appetizers for my lunch because they had the fewest carbs...ceviche and tuna mini tacos. My husband got one of the enchiladas entrees.   The ceviche was decent and fresh, but probably a bit salty for most people...I liked it, especially paired with my glass of Brut.  The tuna in my tacos was unexpectedly sweet, but with a little salsa and habanero sauce (we requested)...it tasted really good.  However, limiting my sugar and starch intake, my husband finished it off. He said his enchilada was solidly good, but said I make better enchiladas at home.  I did train him well.  So why 4 stars?  Love dog friendly places, the price to portion to quality ratio was all good, and service was quick and attentive, but that could be because there were only 6 people in the entire restaurant. Let's see if the next time I come here my experience is just as good.
2	This review is for the Happy Hour only.  Server and bartender seemed overwhelmed and unprepared for how busy it was.  HH special "CasaRita" took forever to arrive and was the worst margarita I've ever had :( -- so salty as to be undrinkable and no discernible tequila.  HH tacos were good but we were charged full price so more time wasted sending the bill back for corrections.  Maybe try this place when it is *not* Happy Hour???
4	I've been here twice, once for lunch and once for dinner and I think it's great. For the dinner service we make online reservations ahead which turned out to be awesome. The non-reservations people that walked in ahead of us waited nearly 30 minutes for a table on a busy Friday night. Suckers. Anyway, the tableside guacamole was really good, the margaritas were good, and the enchiladas were tasty. I like that there are vegetarian options for the enchiladas that don't just include cheese, sauce and tortilla. When we went for lunch the food was just as great, but the service was a bit slower. Some diners got really fast service and were in and out, others (like us) had to wait a little longer at each step of the process making a working day lunch a bit too long. Other than the slower lunch service, I'd recommend this as a solid Mexican food option in this city.
2	The atmosphere is nice, beautiful restaurant and great outdoor place. Service?The server was nice, recommended the house specialty margarita: not so great.  It took a while before he came back to take our order. It took even a lot longer to get the check in the end. We ordered the quesadilla as a starter-it was weird...tasted like they used too much and too "fake" cheese...Than we had a combination fajita-the portion was big, but no flavor-we also got 3 pieces of tortillas with it. I did not like the desert- too "eggy"- we ordered the flan. Overall...unfortunate that such a beautiful location does not offer better food....and the service is just mediocre,not sure I will go back.
1	We went here about a week ago. It was a nice atmosphere with decent decor, friendly service and seemingly fair prices given the location inside the upscale Tivoli Village. Both the inside and outside seating areas looked nice, well-lit with good ambiance. We opted to sit outside... which was a mistake. It reeked of smoke coming from the cigar shop next door. No matter, two drinks (each) later and we didn't care so much. The guacamole was very good and that's about it. We ordered chorizo tacos, chicken enchiladas, and vegetarian enchiladas. All three dishes were extremely greasy. Like, grease with a side of food greasy. The enchiladas looked like something from a gas station. The chicken dish tasted fine but the vegetarian dish was not good at all. I did not try the tacos because I personally do not like chorizo, although the person who ordered them did enjoy them. The vegetarian in our group did not finish their food but both of us carnivores did. This, again, was a mistake. I'll spare you the details but thanks to all that grease and possibly in part to the cigar smoke, we both were very sick the entire next day. At first I thought I had a fever but it was very clearly food-related. Yuck.
2	The food is great.  The best salsa I've had, but they must be rationing it.  The service sucks.  I've been here 6 to 8 times. The service has sucked every time. I'm done with this place.
4	Their happy hour food is great.  I love the pastor tacos are great and they can make a great lemon drop.   I do not care so much for their house margarita so I wish they could change that up a bit.
5	Very impressed with this place.  Not even accounting for their KILLER HAPPY HOUR, the menu is amazing.  No compromises from authentic Mexican, the menu is familiar items with unique twists and high quality ingredients that make it hard to ever go back to "just another Mexican restaurant".  Try the fajitas and the slow cooked carnitas.
4	The food is good, and the so is the service.  The bartenders are excellent, both in making drinks and small-talk while you hang out.  It's one of my favorite spots for lunch - alone at the bar or business meetings at the table.  Prices are reasonable and the food is tasty.
2	Cantina Laredo has been open in our neighborhood for some time now.  My husband and I finally had some free time to dine there.  Reception was fine, waitress came and offer drinks - that was fine.  Everything seems normal.  Nothing superb.  We each ordered a Margarita, then our entrees.  The waitress came by a few times to see if every thing is alright while we were eating our dinner. Then, the waitress just came and slapped down our check without us asking for it, and also without her first asking whether we wanted dessert.   Meanwhile, a special Tequila dinner announcement was enclosed with our check (which we did not asked for).  The food looked interesting and I asked this waitress whether we can have the dinner without Tequila.  Guess what she said? - ?."You don't have to come!"We were completely stunned at this point having been very nice and cordial to her through the whole time we were there.We will give the food 3 stars, but the attitude 0 star because she was too mean for us to imagine the management philosophy behind her actions.
5	Their  Happy Hour is great.  My husband and I really enjoyed ourselves here.  The specials are pretty decent.  We had the ceviche for a snack and it was delicious as well as half off the regular price.  We will be back.  The bartenders and waiters were very friendly and attentive.  Not really fond of the modern decor, but that's just my taste.  Very glad to find a new Happy Hour place that I feel comfortable in.....
3	Food is good here.  Service is good as well.  Nothing great or special, nothing bad. Fairly average Mexican joint.
3	I wish I could give more stars because the food was certainly worth it.....but the restaurant staff just wasn't friendly.walked in Sunday afternoon....it wasn't very busy at all. I greeted the hostess she hardly even acknowledged I spoke to her let alone I had two people with me.we were promptly sat but had to wait a while for someone to even come over to us. We were first given the chips and salsa (delish) but no water or beverage....i hate eating salsa without water...what if the salsa is too spicy???We waited about 5 more minutes before Ramon (our waiter) came over to us...thank GOD he had a personality. we ordered Queso Laredo and table side guacamole...the lady who came over to make our guac had zero personality....I tried to joke with her and talk with her and ...nothing! She did make good guacamole!! Our queso cam out and it was good as well....how can you go wrong with CHEESE!!We ordered our entrees....I was happy to see they had a brunch menu...it includes a mimosa or bloody maria (I wish it would include a margarita....that's what we were drinking)I had the Migas con huevos (a scrambled egg dish that had jalapenos, bacon, and tortillas in it) I added cheese to it (doesn't all mexican food need cheese) and the added 1.45 to the bill....really I wasn't spending enough money???My husband had the salmon we said it was very good...it came with some sort of rice and myf riend had the ensalada de cilantro pollo...it was a beautiful looking and large salad...she said it was good as well.Margaritas!!! (the whole reason i wanted to go) we ordered skinny margaritas and had them add jalapeno for a little spice....they were very good...in a tall and skinny glass....we only had one each (not sure if I was too full from the food).The food is very good...Ramon was a good waiter....the restaurant needs a more fun vibe....I will go back I love the location and like I said food was great!
5	Came here for date night. We had a great time!  I think our server's name is Miguel. He was really nice and friendly. He seems to love working there and said the company transferred him from their location in Dallas, I believe. Anyway, it always makes dinner extra nice when you are served by someone who is happy to be there.  The margaritas were delicious, and so was the guacamole that Miguel prepared for us tableside.  Crab cakes had a nice kick to them and fajitas were good too.  But the best part of our meal was the apple pie served on a sizzling hot plate with cinnamon ice cream and a delicious sauce poured over it. WOW!  It tasted like world peace.  mmm... we can't wait to go back just for that!
4	Even though Tivoli Village is a Ghost Town waiting to happen.  I applaud the amount of restaurants they have there.  I've seen a few turnover (Petra / Double Helix) however stopping in at Cantina Laredo for their happy hour made my trip worth it.  Their Happy Hour is from 4pm - 7pm & 9pm - close.  We hit the later up.  Our party of three went through 2 rounds of their Casita 'Rita ($3) and a bunch of their flavorful tacos.  Would go back for the value during happy hour.
4	Food is good! A little pricy, but good. Waiter is probably one of the best in Las Vegas: Miguel!!
3	The happy hour time and menu selections are good. The chips and salsa were good but nothing to rave about. I had theor mini crabcakes and steak flatbreads that were really tasty. However, I cant give the place more stars b/c the margaritas were terrible. We ordered 6 different margaritas but finished only 2. They were very syruppy and sweet. Ill probably go back to try their dinner menu but not their drinks
4	Yummy Skinny Girl Margaritas with fresh tortilla chips and made while you watch guacamole?  Oh yeah, you got me!
4	Food: We ordered the table side guacamole. I love guacamole, so if they are going to make it to my specifications then even better! The one down side to this is that they do not have salt or lime on the tray to add in. Definitely need to add salt and/or lime. I had the steak and chicken fajitas. I didn't even make it to the chicken because the steak was so good. My friend ordered the chorizo tacos and really enjoyed them. Drinks: long list of margaritas and other cocktails, as well as wine and beer. I had the skinny margaritas. I was very happy with it. Vibe: a fancy Mexican place. If you didn't look at the name or menu, you wouldn't even know it was a Mexican restaurant - no tacky decor or bright colors. Great place to grab a few drinks with friends.Gluten free options availableAt Tivoli, so parking is super easy - garage, valet, outside lot
1	Cool setting, Good service HORRIBLE FOOD.What a joke, the enchiladas tasted like chilli cheese fries.My Torta was on ciabatta bread & looked like it was from subway.We sent 1 plate back & they offered a free drink which they ended up charging on the bill. Sorry but I wont be returning to this "American-Mexican" Spot..
4	We had an early dinner Saturday and we had very great service the staff was so friendly and was there at the table with refills seconds before our glasses were empty. The waitress recommend some of the new items and they were great!
2	We sat outside since it was a beautiful night. Well bad idea. It smelt off cigar smoke. It was disgusting! The food was ok for me but my husband took 1 bite of his and that was enough for him. It was horrible. Service was awful. Our meal took 2 hours!!! We didn't even have an appetizer!! With 3 kids this service was way too slow. It's like she forgot we were outside! Looked like we were her only table out there. Don't think we will ever go back!
5	WOW, what a hidden gem. I probably walked pass the place a bajillion times and never tried it. Now, I hate myself. lolGreat menu with great employees like our server Jose and the restaurant manager Mark. We ordered several items; gaucamole(which was prepared at table side), Fish and Shrimp Tacos, ahhhhmazing!!! i loved the fish tacos more than the shrimp and also ordered the Daily Special which was Chilean Seabass omg to. die. for. So succulent and doused in this yummy sauce omg i want some right now just thinking about it!Cant wait to go back!!!!
5	Amazing everyone and everything was just Amazing! ! Lilly was the best server I have ever had very sweet!  Thanks so much!
4	The food was what I expected because my friends recommended that I come here, and the margaritas were good. The atmosphere was lively, so it is a great place to go with family and/or friends. The menu is also priced right, so feel free to try an appetizer, entree, and dessert. I have to admit, I didn't know what to order so I read my fellow Yelper's reviews for suggestions. Thanks guys! You were right, the fish tacos rock! Although the service was on the slow side because it was busy, our waitress, Claudia, made every effort to check on us. Once we were able to place our order, the food came fairly quickly. The portions were smaller than what I'm used to for a Mexican restaurant, but the flavor made up for it. I was very satisfied and full. The fresh chips and salsa placed on the table when we arrived helped. Thanks for making sure we stay fabulous and fit Cantina Laredo! I will definitely be back because I love Mexican Food!
4	If we had received better service, I'd give this spot 5 stars without any reservation. I'd been craving good chicken enchiladas for a few months, and I wasn't having any luck around my area of town (Cheyenne & 95)For an appetizer, my husband and I split the crabmeat/goat cheese quesadillas, topped with mango/giner salsa. To be honest, they were overpriced @ $14 because of their small size, but, honestly, they were so delicious that I couldn't complain.To eat, my husband had a chimichanga, which he adored. The crust was thin and friend to perfection. I had the Enchiladas Veracruz, and I was delighted. The veggies on top added a fresh spin to the enchiladas, which were both flavorful and cooked perfectly. The chicken was so tender and thin--melt in your mouth good.Our main complaint was with the service. We had to wait ten minutes for waitstaff to tell us they'd be with us "in just a minute". Except--she didn't, and she was rescued five minutes later by her fellow waitstaff to take our drink orders. After waiting 20 minutes, we were finally able to place our order and then enjoy the delicious food. So, one waitress was very helpful, and the other was awful.I'm hopeful that with a second trip, I'll luck out with a good server so that I can enjoy that delicious food again!
3	This is one of the nicer Mexican restaurants I've been to and I was glad they take reservations because we were coming with a large group of co-workers to celebrate some birthdays. It was a Sunday night and when I arrived they had 2 large tables set up for our group, although the rest of the restaurant was pretty empty.We had some margaritas, that were alright so I mostly opted for Dos Equis Amber drafts, which was served in tall skinny glasses. We ordered a few appetizers to share: queso dip and tableside guacamole, which was pretty cool since you got to see the waitress making a fresh batch for you. Everyone got various different entrees and I wasn't able to try them all but the quesadillas and tacos were tasty, as well as the tres leches cake for dessert. We told the waitress we were celebrating birthdays and she brought out brownies with burning sparklers so we could sing to our birthday peeps, which I thought was really nice of them.I think we were there pretty close to closing time because service was a little slow and we only had 1 waitress despite having a group of about 15 people. In the end, we had a great time and the food was excellent, just took us a few hours to dine because everything seemed to move so slow...at least they didn't kick us out! We ended up leaving after 11 pm when their closing time was 10!
2	First off this was my third time here and I did not pick the locale for the Ladies Who Lunch munch, as my two previous visits would never warrant a return for a third shot.  But I dummy up and defer; all the while repeating a please don't suck mantra with my inside voice and  hoping three's a charm rather than three strikes you're out.I'm the only one drinking and I'm pretty jazzed about sucking down some post-morning mojitos.  It can only lend to my magical thinking and help me ignore the do you think she might need a liver transplant in the future glances from my comrades.  What arrives is a very attractive Mojito complete with fresh perky mint, but alas, all style and no substance with its artificial lime undertone, the liver can go to someone else.What we picked, shared and compared:The Top Shelf Guacamole prepared table side.  After much ferreting, poking, probing into this mushy mound I though I heard a faint whisper.  Can you taste me now? What about now?  Umm, that would be a NO!  Bland and tasteless through and through.Beef & Chicken Combination Fajitas.  A pretty plate of more banal and tasteless food (chicken that tasted as if it had been boiled first); except for the horrid overcooked and sour tasting rice, which was pathetically terminal, not worth saving and best left to science.Torta De Pollo.  Nothing to say as there was nothing to taste.  Did Sysco not deliver spices this week?Chimichanga De Pollo Poblano.  The best of the lot, but not by much.  More than half is sitting in my fridge and destined to be sent to the dumpster or Smithsonian. Nice enough decor, pleasant enough service, but than doesn't save the third epic food fail.Three strikes!  Out!  Game done!  Series over!
3	6th time here as a Vegas visitor and unfortunately as much as I want to live this place, the service is just such a negative.  Decent margaritas, good chips 'n salsa, nice table side guacamole (tho's it's evident it's not the servers favorite thing to do). However, the service is a major detractor. One behind the bar during happy hour, and as it filled up she quickly got frazzled and we had to ask for every little thing, napkins under our drinks, a set up etc. Same story all the other times, staff is friendly but in attentive to customers needs and not good at checking in to see if anything else needed. We always leave frustrated wishing it could be a better experience. Upgrade and train the staff on the importance of good customer service and this place will go far.
3	My sister and I were out and about and I have been starving. I was ready to pass out, good thing they gave us chips and salsa. I was not hungry for Mexican food since I wasn't feeling well anyway. I just wanted some fries. We ordered quesadillas al cangrejo, asada y enchilada and torta de carnitas.Chips & Salsa:The chips were warm, thin and crispy. They were awesome. We had 2 dipping sauces: one spicy, one medium spicy. 4/5Quesadillas al Cangrejo:3 quesadillas stuffed with lump crab, goat cheese and topped with mango ginger salsa. This was a nightmare on a plate for me since I'm allergic to shellfish and I'm lactose intolerant. Since I was already sick, I had a small bite anyway. The quesadilla itself was nice, soft and fluffy. The goat cheese and mango add tartness to the crab. I wouldn't worry about this dish since they were pulling it off the menu that day. 2/5Asada y Enchilada:Grilled skirt steak with marinated onions, rice topped with tomatillo sauce. This is something I would somewhat enjoy if I wasn't sick. The steak was pretty tender and flavorful but it's not one of the best asadas I've ever had. 3/5Torta de Carnitas:Griddle-baked sandwich with slow-roasted pork, apricot spread and chipotle aioli. It comes with a side of fries. Yay, something I could eat! The slow-roasted pork was juicy and very mildly flavored. The apricot spread and chipotle aioli turned me off. I took 1-2 bites and ate some of the fries. 2/5If you want Gringo Mexican food, this place might work for you. I've had better food and paid less money somewhere else.
5	This review is for the Chips and Salsa:  I go to Cantina Laredo strictly for the chips, salsa, and guacamole so I can't review anything else on the menu.  The table side guacamole gets a 10/10.  I love the atmosphere and decor inside the restaurant.  Very clean and friendly.  They have a cute outdoor patio if you are looking for a nice spot to visit with friends.  To-go orders are always neatly packaged.
4	I have only been twice, but I am a fan! The happy hour is great. Fun atmosphere and affordable prices.  If you go, do try the chicken quesadillas.  The chicken is plump, white chunks with delicious melted cheese.  Yum.  Wish I had one right now.  Chips and salsa are pretty darn good too- margaritas are great too if you are in the mood.
1	I took the wife here on date night and it was terrible. The food was mediocre to poor. The order was wrong. The portions were tiny. This place has pretensions of being haute or highbrow Mexican. The prices reflect that, but the food does not. The service was snarky and slow. They gave us a comp card for chile con queso for our trouble. Fact is, we will never go back. We will wait for this place to shut down and hope for a better replacement.
5	A favorite stop for us.  The food is excellent, service outstanding and a great Happy Hour. One of our favorite places to enjoy Sunday Brunch. $2 mimosas and Bloody Mary's all day on Sunday.
2	First time to visit, Saturday around 12:30. Not very busy. Waiter Ray.  Ordered an appetizer of ceviche, a beer and a blood orange sangria, which was great!  After about 20 mins, the waiter finally realized we never received our app.  He then tells us they are all out.  Our chips and salsa had been eaten...he took the chips to refill but not the salsa.  Finally got more salsa.  I ordered the beef stew which is a new item and my husband ordered the shrimp salad.  His salad was very good with great flavor.  The mango dressing was very tasty. The taste of the stew was very good but when I finally tossed the stew around abit I only found 1  - 1/4" x 1/4" piece of beef.  For the price it should have been more.  Brought the waiter over and he got me more which was better beef than the piece that was in there.   For our first visit, it won't be some place we would return to.  Flavor was good, sangria was good. Maybe Just an off day but there are many restaurants to choose from.  We'll stick with Brio or try our luck at Echo and Rig.
5	Beautiful restaurant.  Great food.  Great service. What more could you ask for.  I read a review below that said the portions were small.  Um... not sure how much that person eats but there was definitely no issue with portion size at this restaurant. I had the Fajitas... they were fantastic!  We also did the table side guacamole, and of course this was after the complimentary chips and salsa you get first.  And they give you two types of salsa, one medium, one mild.  For dessert, the Flan!  Everything was fantastic!
5	One of the rare places I've been that has excellent food AND service! Ive been back a few times now and haven't been disappointed yet. Their happy hour is awesome and they have a great tequila selection. I definitely recommend the fresh made guacamole, they make it right in front of you! After the first time I had it I was already craving more the next day! Also my server recommended the carnitas which were amazing! The meat was so tender and juicy and basically fell off the bone, and the chipotle wine sauce on top didn't steal from the meat but added just the perfect mouth watering touch! There are so many restaurants to choose from around here that it takes a lot for me to return to the same place more than once, and I am quickly becoming a regular here. If you haven't been here yet, definitely make it a point to check it out!
2	Food was good but service there is not good.  This is the second time going there and both times the service was junk.
3	Not the best or least expensive option in town, but the avocado enchiladas are a light modern twist on a classic dish. Mi Gusta
5	This is my new favorite Mexican restaurant in Vegas! The food in incredible, margaritas are delicious and the prices are fantastic. Best of all the service is spot on. I will definitely be coming back!
5	We stopped in for happy hour.   Within walking distance from the suncoast casino on a nice day.   Fabulous food, reasonably priced (considering half off) and our server Kelly was excellent. We tried the standard Margarita on the rocks,  mango and strawberry margaritas.  I usually prefer a standard (theirs is top shelf), but the fresh strawberry flavor made it my winner here.   For appetizers we shared three tacos and the flatbed.   It was fantastic!!!!
4	Cantina Laredo is a newer, modern, well-designed bar/restaurant that is best enjoyed on a warm (or even hot) spring or summer night - its open air bars and outdoor patios are its greatest assets.  One bar-height outdoor table that seats about 8 surrounds its own bar height fire pit and this is a great find (they'll take reservations for it) when you want something special with a group in the evening. This is not typical mexican food - they call it "modern mexican" and that it is.  Fusion Mexican might be another way to say it.  Don't come for slathered enchilada or giant Burritos.  This food is more delicate.  I'd say this is better as an "eat in the bar" spot than a restaurant (where ambiance is best), unless you get one of their outdoor tables (there are lots).  The bar area can be very charming when all the doors/bar areas are open and the warm breezes are blowing.  Staff is always great and friendly.  Food is ok, not much to write home about with the exception of the Ahi Tuna Tacos that are one of their most popular items.  I am addicted. They do also serve "Skinny Margaritas" which is a plus for those of us who don't want all the sugar found in a typical margarita mix and table side guacamole is a good choice. Great happy hour, btw - most appetizers at half price as well as all margaritas, and they have an all day HH on Saturdays until 5pm...And those great Ahi Tuna Tacos are on that HH menu.  Great early Saturday evening spot - to slip in there just as HH is ending, and grab a seat at the bar before the crowds arrive.  Like most Summerlin area restaurants the crowd is 35-60, with an emphasis on the older end,  mix of young families and few groups of 20 & 30-somethings.
5	Love the decor. Wait staff are super. Wow, the ribeye steak was seasoned nicely and cooked perfectly. The chips and salsa were very nice. There are items they have not on the menu. Just ask your wait staff. Yes, ribeye is not on the menu. Amazing place. Soups are great and the presentation is wonderful.
5	This restaurant is amazing.  The food is excellent as well as the service. The wait staff was very friendly and we didn't have to ask for anything.   The Chef  Damon came to our table and made sure that everything was made to perfection,   I highly suggest eating here if you visit or live in Las Vegas.
4	Cantina Laredo has become my favorite Mexican restaurant in Vegas. It isn't super authentic like the Michoacan chain, but more of something you would see opened by a celebrity chef on the strip. The quality and portion size is excellent, and the margaritas are great! They have a good happy hour, but I really wish they would extend it out to the beautiful patio area they have, and maybe stay open a bit later during the summer (see Kona Grill handbook). Looking forward to my next visit already!
4	Fantastic signature margaritas! The best I have had in Vegas.  Good Flavorful salsa. Both of which for me....make or break it.
1	Well, I would like to write a review based on my experience eating here, but unfortunately that's not possible. We sat at a table for 20 minutes without acknowledgement from any waiter, though there were several working the outdoor area where the unfriendly hostess had seated us. Sadly, we ended up walking out. We won't be back.
5	Cantina Laredo is a great TEX MEX style restaurant- that is important. Many of the negative reviews look like they were expecting southern California style Mexican food (Baha) with grilled fish tacos and 4 lbs of avocado on everything- THIS IS NOT THAT KIND OF PLACE. I originally went to a Cantina Laredo in Dallas a few years ago and this is pretty much exactly the same (although a little fancier inside).That being said it is a pretty legit restaurant- if you have tried to eat Mexican in Las Vegas you probably have seen its a desert wasteland of options. Cantina Laredo is a little pricier than most (about 20$ minimum per person) but is pretty good food and service wise.There is both a self park lot and valet -the valet stand is right across the round about from Cantina Laredo. The lot is not very far away but after you get Mex-ecuted at a big meal the walk begins to look more like a death march- I highly recommend valet.The Food- Like I said , its Tex-Mex so order accordingly (fajitas for instance) . Start the meal off with some cheese dip or Guac- both are very good - and its one of the few places I have found in Vegas where you can actually get queso DIP instead of queso fundido- an item that should only be served to particularly hard to crack Guantanamo detainees. The regular salsa they bring you with the chips is OK but nothing special. Fajitas- this is a pretty big amount of food for one person- if you tend to eat a lot of chips or order an appetizer you can easily get by splitting this for two people. The steak comes in larger than usual fajita pieces which I like as it generally means the meat is less dried out/overcooked in the middle. The chicken- who knows cause I would never order chicken fajitas this is America.Drinks- most of the mixed drinks come a little too sweet for my tastes so I get some lime pieces and make sure and add some more lime juice. Other than that the margaritas on a scale of 1-Mesa Grill are about a 7.
1	Horrible service.  I went there Thursday during happy hour and it wasn't even busy.  Once we were seated we had a chance to look at the menu.  However, not one employee In the place acknowledged us.  No one came to the table to offer us anything to drink.  After 10 minutes of sitting there with no service we decided to get up and leave. The hostess was kind enough to ask us if we were ok.  I had told her that we were sitting there for 10 minutes and nobody even acknowledged us and that I would rather go somewhere else. You would think that in a place like that the service would be a little bit better. Especially with the high prices on the menu and being located in Tivoli Village. And like I said before the place was not busy at all. The servers were just walking around doing nothing. Never again will I set foot in that place. And I will not be surprised if it doesn't last much longer.
4	Had a great time out on the patio during the happy hour.  Priced very reasonably and the food was good.  Had beef enchiladas and they hit the spot.  Highly recommend.
1	Ate there last night. Two of the four dinners made where wrong even as they brought back what should have been corrected it was wrong. The whole dinner was a disaster  on top of that the correct thing would have been to offer a desert or something. We are not the types that look to get comps or bitch about service but it was bad.  Two of ate while the others had to sit there. Once they received their dinner we had to do the same.  Well all I can say that's another one off the list. I will stick to El Segundo on the strip
5	EXCELLENT food and EXCELLENT service. I have been coming here since they opened. Usually here for the happy hour, which is incredible value for the bar food. As we know, most "restaurants" in vegas suck. Not this place. Could stand up to any top mexican joint in this country. The bartenders are exceptional. Again, a rare achievement. Whoever is running this place deserves great credit for bringing quality and service to a town that greatly needs it. btw, their bathroom is immaculate!
2	I'm giving them two stars because the food was decently good. Having said that, all else is pretty negative. Sat outside on a sunny Thursday, was one of less than 10 tables in the restaurant. Host was nice and inviting, server was slow and lazy. I ordered an ice tea and was finally given it in a dirty glass after I had to ask again for it 20 min later. That was when we finally saw the server again. Silverware and plates dirty, my wife's water glass had food particles floating in it upon delivery. We won't be back even if the food was ok, I hope the health department goes in there and gets them to clean up their act.
5	Had our rehearsal dinner here. Everyone was fantastic! The staff and servers were great! The food was amazing! We had the outdoor patio for our party which was excellent! No complaints at all.
4	Food and margaritas are really good. Food and drinks are pricey and the menu is limited. Overall, nice "once in a while" place to eat.
4	The ahi tuna tacos that everyone talks about. ..they are completely raw and cold.  I wish they had a seared option. However,  I was thrilled with the veggie enchiladas.  Vivian,  our fantastic bartender,  allowed me to get them 2 ways!
4	Very nice upscale Mexican restaurant~we sat in the bar and we enjoyed lunch.   The guacamole made table side was real good, could have used a little seasoning overall we were pleased.    Kurt had the ceviche and the ahi tacos, all very good and were appetizer portions very fresh & flavorful. I went more traditional and had 2 enchiladas, one cheese the other beef with a pretty spicy dark red sauce served with rice & beans.    Very nice spot in Tivoli Village, easy parking, nice outside area to drink/eat!  We live in Henderson so quite out of the way for us~ however if your in Summerlin near Rampart check it out I think you'll be happy you did.
4	Went on Sunday 03/23/14 at 2:30 PM and it was 72 degrees.  Sat outside on the side patio in the back.  Had tons of mimosas and the chilaquiles.  The chilaquiles come w/chicken.  It was good.  Love the mexican brownie and did not love the mango tres leche.  I normally love mango but would have preferred plain tres leche cake.
5	Had dinner there last night. No wait getting in. Great staff! Amazing food. Two types of salsa were provided and both were great!  Our group all had different dishes and everyone loved what they got. We will definitely eat there again.
4	Second time dinning here for Sunday brunch on the patio. Best omelette I've ever had and you can't beat the free mimosa! However, the service both times has been sub-par. With that said, we'll continue to come back because the prices are great, atmosphere is beautiful, and the good is delicious!
4	According to their sign they are "modern Mexican"...which basically means "same things as other Mexican restaurants except a fancier setting". Just kidding, that's not nice - there are several options on the menu that you wouldn't see at La Fiesta but let's not get carried away, it's not a new form of cuisine.I was happy to find Mole Enchiladas on the menu since mole is friggin awesome! I wasn't super amped about these babies though...worth trying but the mole had a little too much tang to it and not enough depth of flavor. The guacamole should definitely be purchased. There is a guac-girl who comes around and makes it at your table. She'll use 1 and a half avocados and ramp up the spiciness however you like it. She also has cilantro in her ingredient cart which is yummy.Service was subpar. Our waiter was not very attentive - seemed to have too many tables to deal with.
4	I was only here for drinks, but wow!  I don't even know what this drink was called- it was some sort of fruity margarita that came with a coconut popcicle.  A messy drink, to be sure, but delicious!  The outdoor seating area is beautiful on a nice night, and the service was great as well.  I'm looking forward to returning and trying the food!
2	Ordered the guacamole and the first time it was too spicy even though we ordered mild. It came back better the next time and it included cilantro which gave it a good flavor. I like that they ask you if you want red onion in it, which we didn't. The service was very slow and an ice tea took forever to be brought out. Food was ok but with the slow service, will probably not come back. They have a nice outdoor patio with reggae music playing which made for a nice atmosphere, but the service needs to improve if they want to have repeat customers.
5	As part of our effort to get out and around to different parts of this fabulous town we have now lived in for eight months, we ventured over to Tivoli Village to check out the area. When there we saw a couple neat places to eat, but we decided Cantina Laredo looked like a cool place to take the family. We came in and sat on the patio outside. It was a beautiful night and Tivoli Village is a cool place to look at, so the patio is a plus to this place. Alexandria voted on us and did a fantastic job. She knew the menu very well and helped us select our entrees. They have a good kids menu with great pricing. We had their Chille Con Queso dip as an appetizer along with there chips and salsa. I had the Mahi Mahi tacos with black beans and rice. The tacos were phenomenal, I had no choice, but to clean my plate of them. The black beans were also good. The only complaint I had was the rice which was okay, but had a lime flavor that was a little overwhelming. But, overall really good. My wife had the Chicken Quesadilla for her meal and enjoyed it. We wanted to try the Mexican Apple Pie which looks amazing, but we were too full. Oh well...maybe next time!
5	This is by far my favorite Mexican restaurant in Las Vegas! Mexican is my favorite style of food and the modernized menu here is mouth watering. I have brought just about all of my family and friends and not one disappointed tummy yet. It is reasonably priced and has an interesting vibe.
3	This place has a great location in Tivoli Village. They have a good indoor outdoor bar and several inexpensive offerings for happy hour. One of the best features of this restaurant is that they allow your dog to sit out with you on the patio while you dine. The food is not traditional (authentic) Mexican food which doesn't bother me. But, the poor execution is an issue. We have eaten here a handful of times. I guess because I keep hoping to select something on the menu that I love. Unfortunately, that hasn't happened. The highlight of the menu is their guacamole and chips which are made table side. Their complimentary salsas are also very tasty. I would give Cantina Loredo another try. It's a shame that we haven't found a good Mexican restaurant in the Summerlin area. My husband likes this place a lot more than I do. He is a fan of the fajitas. So, the 3 star review is an average of both of our opinions.
5	I have to laugh at some of these reviews..Some must be suspect..I go here at least twice a week..The food is delicious..never had a bad meal here. The drinks are great and service is always friendly and prompt...The patio is beautiful at night....you cant go wrong for dinner here..
5	Cantina Laredo has not only some of the best food, but the best service I've ever experienced in Las Vegas!I love going here for Happy Hour, and Brunch on the weekend. My boyfriend and I always sit at the bar and Eduardo is absolutely amazing
2	The service was ok - fast and no issues - can't say the same for the people around us who had a train wreck of a server who screwed up every dish at every table.  The food was just okay as well.  I had the carne asada and my wife had the stuffed poblano.  It seemed like the food came out very very quickly but was not hot (but the plates were for some reason) made it seem like they just flopped already prepared food down on hot plates and threw it out of the kitchen.  The seasoning on the steak was nice and I really loved the charred jalapeno.  The salsas - especially the warm salsa was very good but the chips were a bit mealy I did not like their texture.  The poblano pepper was stuffed with about 3 shrimp and the seeds and glans of the pepper were left in which is odd.  The steak was small but adequate.Over priced for the amount of food you get.  While I didn't hate the place it struck me as someplace I can easily forget and had no real draw on me that makes me want to come back.  Not big on paying over $70 for a fast meal with average flavors.
5	We stop in for Mothers Day! No wait, ate in the bar just perfect for the 4 of us~ great server Jaclyn. Turned out to be a very nice outing.
1	My family was visiting from out of town for Mother's Day Weekend and we wanted to try a new restaruant that none of us had gone to before. The hostess seated the four us on the patio and presented us with 3 filthy menus.  They were covered in food and salsa.  When we requested clean menus the hostess retrieved the 3 dirty menus and brought us back 3 MORE DIRTY MENUS!!!  When our server Javier came to the table we told him about the menu situation and he seem less than bothered and never took care of the problem.  Luckily one of us had hand sanitizer with us and we proceeded to clean our own menus so we could order! While we were ordering the server seemed more interested in watching the people walk by the patio than on giving us his attention.  Food was pretty good.  Water glasses were never refilled.  Server did not check on us regularly.  One of the members in our party went into the restaurant to speak with a manager about the sub standard service. The server Javier saw us speaking with the manager and without finding out what our complaint was; WENT TO OUR TABLE AND CONFRONTED MY PARENTS WHO ARE VISITING FROM OUT OF TOWN AND SAID, 'WELL I HEAR YOU WEREN'T HAPPY?"  The manager was very apologetic and comped our meal but we could not believe that the server confronted the table!  I have worked in Food and Beverage myself for years but have never experienced or observed such rudeness from a server.   Although the manager tried to recover us I will never return to the Cantina Loredo and I would suggest that anyone reading this to go spend their hard earned money elsewhere!
5	Love the environment of Tivoli! Cafe Laredo has incredible table side guacamole, and a sizzling Mexican brownie that's amazing. Great patio dining.
2	Food was pretty decent but service left much to be desired. Came to celebrate my birthday with friends, had to practically beg our server to smile or pay attention to us. In the middle of selecting our appetizers he just walked away, didn't return for 10 minutes. Got water in the beginning, couldn't get a refill until he was clearing our plates, despite our efforts to get his attention. Sangria is tasty but can't imagine any of us will return.
3	I was super excited to celebrate Cinco de Mayo here!! We had head about some specials they were having for the weekend and the one that made my mouth water was the Pop a Rita! I margarita with a Popsicle... Umm yes please! $5 for the Cinco de Mayo specials... Absolutely!! I read that the specials were only available on the patio, that's cool, I love sitting on the patio. When I got there I put our name on the wait list for the patio and was told 20 minutes. It was only about 15 mixtures. We were a party of three were she sat us at a table barely set, and for only two people at that. 'Oh, there's there?' Umm yep, told you three and three of us walked out together. They had a mariachi band playing when we sat down which was awesome entertainment for the day! We waited what seemed to be forever for a server to acknowledge us. I later learned the server that walked by us several times and ignored us ended up be our server. Ugh, you couldn't have said 'Be with you in a minute'? Serving 101. Anyway, he did warn us the bar was running slow, no biggie, we enjoyed each other's company, until he completely lacked on his job. I was so irritated! Slow, un-personable, when he finally came to get our food order he literally just came to the table and waited for us to say something. Uh 'Hi are you ready, what can I get you, what looks good' would have all been acceptable things to say. To be fair, it wasn't entirely his fault, he seemed to be the only server on the patio!! HELLO!!! You offered patio specials for Cinco de Mayo weekend!! Staff up!!! But he could have totally made the best of it and get our asses drunk and no one would have cared his service sucked! Pretty sure we were to get chips and salsa, well we didn't so I couldn't tell you how those would have been. So the three stars are for the food and value. The food was really good! Warm and cold quickly, but it was still good. They have several enchilada options that are "healthier" options, I couldn't decide which I wanted to try! I had an artichoke and avocado enchilada! Yum! It made great leftovers, which I love!! And the prices are pretty reasonable. I would try this again, maybe for their happy hour specials, which look pretty good. But from my experience and obviously other Yelpers, my service standards will need to be lowered in order to enjoy myself. We'll see if I can actually do that.
4	The service is usually really great. I say that because only 1 night have I questioned this and it was a party of 20+. The food is great and comes out very fast. The location can not be beat, who doesn't love the Tivoli Village area? They have a margaritas with a beer and a shot attached which can creep on you so be cautious when ordering this stinger.  Enjoy a lovely evening under the stars or indoors. We personally love their patio.
3	Great happy hour... Even on Saturdays! My favorite here is the Ahi Tacos!!!! The Chocolate Brownie Dessert is rich in flavor! It's one of my all time picks for "modern Mexican" food in the Summerlin area!
4	One of our favorite spots! Service is kind of slow, but the delicious food always makes up for it! My boyfriend and I always start with table side guac and the ahi tuna tacos. For our entrees, I enjoyed the crab enchiladas and my bf the Chilean sea bass. The Mexican apple pie is a MUST HAVE! Overall, I say go!
5	My boyfriend and I have been going here since Christmas time in 2013. Within the first week we went 3 times. Day before Christmas, day after, and then again the next day. We have been back almost every week since (if not twice a week.) family and friends have flown in from out of town and I have made a point to bring them here. LILLY makes the best guacamole hands down and EVERY TIME I come here I order guacamole even when she isn't there. It should be the best in Vegas...Wonderful servers. Always joyful and on their toes trying to accommodate every wish of mine. Wonderful atmosphere inside or out side by the fire... Not only that, the food is amazing and proportionate. Ohh yeah Don't forget to order one of there drinks from the bar. tamarind lemonade is what I tend to order.  One of my top three restaurants I attend weekly and the best Mexican joint in town
4	My wife and I tried Cantina Laredo on a date night. You can usually judge a Mexican restaurant by its chips and salsa--they passed with flying colors! The price was reasonable and the food was good--especially the Guacamole! We were about to ask for our check when we smelled the most heavenly aroma. We asked our waiter what it was and he said that it was their apple pie dessert. We tried some and were not disappointed--a wonderful blend of cinnamon ice cream, apple pie, and some type of yummy butter sauce. I highly recommend going if you haven't gone (or tried the apple pie dessert). Mmmm.
5	Extremely patient and accommodating. At times can be slow, but only because they are busy! Best happy hour in Vegas.
4	I like the food here. The Bar is definitely the best place to sit. The bartender are extremely nice. They get the food out quickly and make great recommendations.
3	It was ok. The guacamole at your table thing takes way too long and I just sat there staring at my waiter mashing an avocado at someone else's table wishing they would just finish and come back to me because I needed to order something. Way to stuffy and I won't be back.
5	Great service and always amazing food! Chef Damon is a genius. Try the ahi tuna tacos, they've got a unique flavor and the blend of the tuna, guacamole, pickled onions and sauce is perfect! Watermelon margarita is my favorite, not too sweet and strong enough to knock your socks off after a couple. Never miss a chance of table side guacamole, it's made to order right in front of you and exactly how you like it and from there choose any entree. I have more than enough good things to say about cantina Laredo but the most important one is to go try it!
5	Best Mexican food I've had in a long time.  Drinks were amazing.  Love the patio and the setting.  I don't believe all the bad service reviews.  I have never had bad service no matter what day or time of day.  I wanted to tell the chef how much I enjoyed the food and Chef Damon took the time to come out and talk for a few moments. Top notch!  I would recommend this restaurant to locals and travelers alike.
5	My husband had margaritas appetizers in the bar area, the bar tenders are great, the patron margarita is perfecto! Happy hour is great and cheap. The atmosphere is perfect, nice Spanish music, staff is friendly and professional and the bar tenders try to socialize, felt like a great local place. We didn't have any entree's but we will be back for dinner soon.
5	Cantina Laredo was quite a surprise. We only chose to eat there, because we were close on time to see a movie across the street at The Suncoast & they took reservations. Walking in, I must have had a look on my face of a person who'd never seen a restaurant... but I was in a bit of awe, because the inside looked nothing like I pictured in my head. We both thought it was going to be small, dark & "weird"... the place is huge, light & airy. Very comfortable. Our waitress was awesome- genuinely pleasant & the perfect level of attentive, especially once we told her we were tight on time. The chips are amazing- very very thin. I'm not certain what the salsa is comprised of- there's a flavor I'm not normally a fan of- but, gosh, I went to town. The bestie got the mushroom enchiladas & I got a chicken with mushrooms & artichokes- portions were perfect, both dishes were refreshing & booming with flavor. Rather than beans & rice, our entrees came with thinly sliced & sauteed zucchini & rice. I devoured the veggies... the simplicity in flavor balanced the robust entree items & made the meal less bulky, like some Mexican food can be. Then we were off to see a movie! Helpful hint: whether eating at Tivoli or Boca Park, consider The Suncoast for seeing movies... no one is ever there! On a Friday/release day, we got right in with maybe 9 other parties in the theater with us. Anyway, give Cantina Laredo a shot- I don't think you'll be disappointed.
5	Jacelyn gave us great service.  will come back for Happy hour. Great place to stop by for drinks after Work. Also they have places to shop.
3	We've heard good and bad things, but wanted to check it out for ourselves.Went on a weekday evening, noticed the patio area to the left...asked the hostess to sit there and she directed us to the other patio on the right. Still nice, but was loud...music and singing from the bar or restaurant next door.Ordered the ceviche and the blood orange sangria to start. Both great, although if you don't care for olives ask to have them removed. The blood orange sangria was great!For dinner we ordered the chicken and barbacoa tacos. Both had good flavor, not great, but was definitely expensive. 3 "street" tacos, small bed of rice and small bed of beans...for $17 it didn't seem reasonable.I don't recall our servers name although he was good, he did have to yell...since it was loud, not his fault but definitely something the hostess and management should consider before seating patrons on that patio. My only gripe with the server is he disappeared...and from what it looked like to the other patio...maybe they had him serving there as well?Driving from Silverado Ranch to Tivoli to go there again just doesn't seem worth it. Maybe if we lived in the area...but won't be going back anytime soon.
4	I'm usually not a fan of chain restaurants, but if you're going to go with one, this might as well be it.
2	I've been several times to Cantina Laredo.  I'd give the bar 3 stars, the restaurant 2.Last night was probably the last time I'll attempt the restaurant.Like others, we were seated outside on the front patio when the side patio had no tables large enough.  The front patio was loud due to outdoor entertainment nearby.  This wouldn't be bad for a loud party, but we were not, so we asked to be moved inside, and were accommodated.Service was a disappearing act.  Polite, but tense.  Although we each ordered different entrees, 4 of us received exactly the same thing - fajita tacos with beans and rice.  It having taken too long to deal with changing, we stuck with it.  Overpriced, not much food.  The music inside is loud and disjointed, playing from what seems to be a poorly engineered sound system.  We all found it overbearing.  SUGGESTIONS:1.  Put large tables on the side patio where people can talk.  Leave small tables where it's noisy, except for one or two for noisy parties;2.  Train staff on the menu.  If your menu is in Spanish, they need to be able to comprehend enough of the language to know what people are ordering;3.  Turn down the music.  We don't want to dance.  Grownups like to talk when they dine out.  Grownups pay the bills.  In case there is confusion, it is on this side of the bread that the butter resides.4.  Maintain a consistent bar menu.  What happened to the Tanqueray?POSTIVES:fantastic locationopen late, even on Sunday (as of this writing)quality of food is good, if overpricedhuge place is never full
2	We used to be regulars at the Cantina but hadn't been in for over a month.  On Fri. 9/5 we arrived there at 4:30.  I ordered a Margarita & Mahi Tacos & my partner ordered coffee & a chicken quesadilla.  The Margarita tasted like perfume & was murky so I sent it back (as did the woman next to me).  Our server Jackie (always exceptional) said she'd have one made from scratch.  That came & it was very sweet, so I asked for a Mojito.  That was too sweet, but I didn't want to be a pain in the arss, so sipped part of it & let the matter go.  My Mahi tacos consisted of so many large pieces of red cabbage & I couldn't find any fish in the first two.  But alas!  There were pebbles of fish in the 3rd taco.  By this time I was feeling ripped off-- no decent drink & no edible food.  Jackie asked if I wanted anything else & I said just a small order of cheese dip for the chips; & asked for the Manager.  An assistant arrived at our table & said he'd take care of it, but he disappeared for too long so we asked our server who then inquired.  He told her he'd comp the food but not the drink.  Thanks a lot, Pal !  We left a nice tip for Jackie & that was it.The lack of friendliness by the receptionist didn't help matters, & because she was close to our table I noticed she treated everyone else the same way-- not even a smile.Manager & co-owner Mark left for a Cantina in another state recently & under his guidance, it was a different restaurant.  He'd have comped the whole thing & rolled out the carpet, espec. since we've brought so many people in to try that restaurant.  So for now, it's ADIOS!K I K I
4	This is strictly off my one & only visit so far & not of the actual menu. We were Saturday day drinking, DUH! Pros: The few happy hour items we ordered, were tasty! The tacos adobada YUM! Chips, salsa & guacamole, nice! The drinks, even better!! Paloma's were finally located, no one in this town knows what they are! The flavored ritas, were ok. Not So Pros: We had to hunt down a Server after we were greeted by the Hostess and walked thru the bar area past 3 Servers to go sit outside. And still, we had to hunt someone down.Nonetheless, will try it again!Update: Today Cantina reached out to me via Twitter regarding my review. Because of that outreach I have changed my 3 star rating to a 4 star. One thing I can appreciate is when a business reaches out to their patrons because it means that they REALLY care about what they are doing! As I mentioned to via Twitter, I will DEFINITELY be returning to Cantina! Thank you for reaching out!
3	I came here with my friend last night for dinner and had an overall pleasant experience. Our waitress was super nice and friendly and was very thorough in explaining the menu to us. I ordered enchiladas and my friend got tacos. The portions are a bit on the smaller side but everything tasted pretty good. I got the white wine sangria as well, but to be honest it wasn't anything especially unique. Still enjoyed it nonetheless! All in all, it was a spacious and nicely decorated restaurant, the food was decent, and the service was exceptional so I'll give it three stars.
5	My favorite (modern) Mexican dining spot.  Healthy options, incredible desserts and a great atmosphere.  Fish tacos, table side guacamole, chips and the sizzling brownie are incredible.  But if you're looking for "hole in the wall" authentic, this is not the place :)
4	I do like the margaritas here. They are very strong so be careful! The food is good, but the menu is on the expensive side for Mexican (strip prices, around $12 for margaritas). The staff is very friendly. The patio is nice and there is also a bar outside on the patio which is fun as long as it's not too hot outside.
5	This is a personal favorite of mine in Summerlin.  It's really good Mexican-style food and the service, in my experience, has been incredible.  The guacamole is a personal favorite (rally fresh and prepared at your table).  They prepare seafood REALLY well.  I have tried several different dishes and always been delighted with my selection.  Also, I think their apple pie might be the best I have ever had....yeah I know it's a Mexican restaurant serving a traditional American dessert, but they do it up right.  Don't judge, just try.  Overall, I love the location (Tivoli Village in Summerlin) and have always left the restaurant happy I ate there (and of course that I saved room for apple pie).
2	Definitely not the sort of Mexican restaurant I was expecting. * we ordered mild guacamole. It tasted strangely sweet... Sweet guac??? Ew. * On the flip side, whatever sauce was on the enchiladas were RIDICULOUSLY spicy. Like, can't even enjoy my food spicy. I had two bites & then just asked for it to be put in a doggie bag. * server was... Impatient? Rude? In some sort of hurry to get us out of there, which is surprising since we were the only ones on the patio. * food portions were small for the price. * the salsa served with our chips was so watery. I like my salsa chunky. On a more positive note, the restaurant was spacious & it was a nice atmosphere. Oh & the chocolate brownie was good. Most likely won't be going back. There are better restaurants within the area.
2	Like my fellow Yelp reviewer, Norm, said...I should've listened to my fellow Yelpers about this place. I didn't really have a choice because it was a co-workers going away happy hour. We had quite a large party of people showing up at intermittent times. Our party in total was about 15-20 people. They kinda corralled us into an outside fire-pit area. As more people showed up, we struggled with finding seating, so everyone was just kind of standing around. Quite a few of our co-workers showed up with their children. I was a little surprised that they did not even try to accommodate the mothers of our group. Our server was absolutely terrible. As more people showed up, he didn't even bother asking for their orders and we have to wave him down multiple times. He simply did not take the initiative to take any orders at all. He barely spoke as well. He was very unfriendly (he had a sour look on his face the entire time) and seemed inconvenienced and annoyed by us. It took forever to even get a couple drinks, and when we did get them, the beer wasn't even cold. I'm not even going to comment on the food, because I was so annoyed with the service that's the only thing I can remember. The only reason I'm not giving this place one star is because the overall atmosphere of Tivoli Village as a whole is enjoyable. It's just a shame that this place doesn't hire the people to compliment that.
1	BEWARE!!! My husband and i both had a few bites of the steak from there and it didnt taste right so we stopped eating it. (That is the only thing we both ate the same that day). We both ended up with horrifying food poisoning for 2 days. I am pregnant so of course i am extremely scared and mad. Still have yet to get the little one checked out... but hopefully the baby is okay. PLEASE AVOID THIS PLACE! I feel like i died for 2 days and am finally coming back to life.
2	Ok food, but horrible service had to ask several times for water. Waitress never checked back in to see how the meal was. It took her three trips to finally ask if we were ready to order etc... Would not recommend and wished I read the other reviews first. They all say the same thing about service. Total bummer because the space is pretty.
4	Had been wanting to try this place out for a few months.  An old friend in town was the perfect excuse.  Located in beautiful Tivoli Village, parking was a breeze, though I imagine peak times on the weekend might take a bit longer. Indoor and outdoor seating is a great feature, with outdoor seating on both the side and in front. We chose a spot inside since it was 1pm and pretty hot out.  Our server was spot on with everything including letting us know about the grilled salmon special. Nice selection of beers including Carta Blanca, Tecate, Dos XX, Corona, etc...along with margaritas, and a decent wine selection.  We ordered the queso laredo dip as an appetizer and it didn't dissapoint.  Most of the appetizers are for 2-4 people to share. The 2 salsas they bring along with the chips are excellent as well.  The main dishes are small compared to what most folks might be used to at a Mexican restaurant.  However, the food quality is great, fresh, tasty and suprisingly filling.  I ordered the Tacos Barbacoa, and would again, although there are so many great menu options to try.  My friend had a different Tacos plate and loved his as well.  We abstained from dessert and coffee, and they don't have espresso, just regular brewed coffee available.  Hopefully, they'll invest in an espresso machine and train the staff here soon.  Total lunch bill for 2 people with a shared appetizer and a couple beers was just over $40.00.  So my opinion is price for the quality is a good deal.  It's not a bargain, huge plates or a buffet style Mexican restaurant.  If that's what you might be looking for, this really isn't the place, and you probably won't feel you are getting your $ worth.  This was a weekday at lunch so dinner prices and larger crowds may affect the price and server dynamic. That being said, I would highly recommend this spot.
5	Classy place, very nice, drinks are cold as ice, literally, and the tequila is perfect, so many choices too.  Happy hour is a great little fun drinky time.   Plus the food gets a solid rating. Service is a 10!   Always great to discover a new hideout noone knows about that is calm, chill, and just what the doctor and the attorney ordered for me.   Tequila, beer, and tacos, that always solves the weeklong blues.
2	I wish I could give this place a better rating, but only some of the food is pretty good. It's super inconsistent in each meal.Each time I've been here I've had the same experience with the chips: they are TERRIBLE. Super cheap and thin, they are super fragile, and they taste kind of like those really cheap crappy chips you buy from the bargain rack at a grocery store in bulk. The chips are just awful. Which is a shame! Because the chili con queso, while still tasting kind of cheap and crappy, tastes good. And the salsas are really good! I just have to load them onto these totally crap chips.  Last time I was here I had some fajitas with chicken and jack cheese and bacon. I forget the name, but it was really delicious. Unfortunately, the rice and beans that come with it taste like they're just bulk-bought at a supermarket. The rice is kind of flavorless and the beans are super watery, and also don't have much flavor. The main dish, the chicken and bacon and cheese and onions and peppers, that was delicious though.The time previous to my last visit, I ordered the tacos. Holy cilantro! I hate cilantro. HATE it. Typically if I forget to order something without it, I don't have too hard a time either pulling it off or eating a small amount of it, as long as there are other flavors to blend with. These tacos had a HUGE amount of cilantro on them. Ridiculous amount. I spend over 20 minutes picking it out of the tacos. Yes, it literally took me that long to try and get not all of it, even, just enough that I could eat the tacos and taste anything else other than the cilantro. Sure enough, this last time my wife ordered the same tacos and they came out with the same huge mountain of cilantro in each taco. It isn't even just on top, it's all mixed into every part of the taco. It's totally inedible, and my wife doesn't share my disgust for cilantro either. She's just normal, and even she found it inedible and spent a solid 5 minutes trying to get enough of it out of the tacos.Lastly, It is not possible to have worse lighting. The directly-overhead-and-super-bright pot lights make reading the menu nearly impossible without constantly moving it around to avoid the glare spots. And it's super bright, it gives me a headache and since the lights are so focused there are weird super-bright-then-kinda-dark-then-super-bright-again spots all over the place. It's very straining on the eyes, and it's uncomfortable to sit in.
4	The actual food was great. The presentation was thoughtful. The guacamole was bland and salsas could have been better. The chips suck! (I like them thick, crispy and with a little flavor). But overall for the happy hour price it was on point. It didn't take long for the food to come and it was all correct. The server and staff were friendly and seemed to enjoy their job. Although he did say he did not receive benefits. We ate outside since we had our dogs with us, but I did go inside and check it out. The setting was nice, and tables and booths were not on top of each other. I really like that! The  restaurant and women's' restroom was clean, however some things seemed to be poorly organized for them not being very busy. I would definitely revisit. I think it's a great place for a date, nice night out or daytime.
5	I've been to Tivoli a million times, and this is the first time I'd ever been to this place! The hostess was a little iffy - not very friendly, and a bit standoffish. However, once we were seated, our server was wonderful. He was extremely warm and energetic without overdoing it. We had the chips and quac - of course - which, like many things on the menu, are very paleo/gluten-free. I had the Ensalada de Mango y Pollo. This was a great entree salad. Delicious flavors and very fresh. My friend had the Tacos de Pollo - again, gluten-free. Had a nice time - very quiet setting for a Monday night. Will return!
3	We went to dinner here the other night. I'm giving it a generous 3 only b/c the mango salad and the desserts were amazing. On he other hand we weren't very happy with a couple things, but we made the best of it. The guacamole was good but was too heavy on the onions. The meals themselves were ok but not great. I had the chicken enchiladas with mole sauce. It was not very good bc of the mole sauce. The waiter told us that the mole sauce was sweet and that's why we got the entree, it was not sweet it was just blah with no real flavor. As I said the desserts were really good and amazing, we tried them all. Unfortunately before we left we used the restroom and it was very dirty and a mess. One toilet had (a mess), there where no toilet seat protectors and there was paper towels on the floor buy the sink. We wanted to try this restaurant b/c I read good reviews on it and my family wanted to go. So we tried it, but we will likely not be going back. With all of the restaurants choices especially around in that area we were hoping for a little more.
4	Really Great experience. My boyfriend and I came in at 9 on a Saturday night and it was really quite. We made a reservation but didn't need one. We were sat promptly with hot fresh tortilla chips and two in house salsas. One was hot and one cold. We both got enchiladas. The Veracruz and Chicken Poblano. We finished off with the Mexican Apple pie and cinnamon ice-cream. Service was fast and friendly. I'll be back
4	Ordered swordfish.  Free appetizers all you can eat chips and salsa.  Drink- 3 amigo. Pros- swordfish is delish and well balanced with rice and asperrigous.  Chips are unlimited.  3 amigo is my favorite drink now.  5 stars.  Cons- salsa was too spicy. Portion was less than expected.  Service was acceptable, but slightly higher in price.  3 stars.
