4	This place is a must try restaurant that is worth the travel to an area that most would never even think to bother going for dinner. The atmosphere in this place is fantastic and once people start realizing that its here I think it will be packed on must nights so get here fast and be one of the first to discover a great find.
5	Finally an amazing Pinoy restaurant to call our own!!!we came here on a cold december saturday night, and literally ordered half the menu, it helps that we were four :)I've had many Filipino friends over the years and whenever I ask them about Filipino restos they all seem to back track and give some sort of excuse why there isn't any... y'all liers, I've seen them all over the place in San Diego, San Fran and LA :P thrpppI read somewhere that they serve ramen burger here, yeah the new fad of the moment... don't order it, it's over rated, the ramen patties are too filling, and it really doesn't jive well with the meat patty, I don't get it, actually it's down right gross. I think all ramen burgers are gross not just this one.But the rest of the stuff we ordered was amazing!!!we had fried chicken wings, pork ribs, sisig, chicken and pulled pork tacos, pork steamed bun, and some rice dish i forgot the name...The fried chicken wings are the best I've had in a while, they are fried and then caramelized in fish sauce. The fish sauce is very mild you don't smell it but it gives it a nice salty finish and makes it yummy wow!!!Next, the tacos, the chicken were fried a la KFC minus the bones, it had pickled carrots and daicon radish, it was so good. It was the same with the pulled pork. The taste is well balanced with sweet salty and tangy.The pork bun was good, it had hoisin sauce, anything with hoisin is good. The bun was fresh and soft, but with all the other dishes we had, this one was lost in the mix.The ribs were amazing, caramelized with sweet soy sauce, served on a bed of garlic mash potatoes. It went very well together. The ribs were tender a little on the sweet side but the mash counter very well with that. The sauce was so amazing I kept on putting it on my rice :)The sisig is a hot sizzling plate of pork, and they crack an egg on it and mix it in. The eggy taste didn't really add anything to it I thought. It was a bit salty even with the egg, but it is served with white rice so that was fine.My amazing find of the night was a rice dish, it was called Bicol express. It had coconut milk and shrimp paste in it. The rice came in a large bowl with some pork meat and long beans, on top is a spoon with hot sauce and shrimp paste that you mix in. Now shrimp paste is an acquired taste, but I love it. Overall I thought it was a bit toned down, I think it could use a bit more shrimp paste, it was too mild for me it needed more salt. The marriage of coconut milk and shrimp paste is heaven. It was delicious and fragrant, I've never had it before and I loved it. I think this was the most Philippine dish of the night aside from  sisig. next time i will ask for more shrimp paste though.It was a great experience, for those of you who want to try something new this place is definitely a good find. Even though it's on victoria near Van Horne (metro plamondon), the place looks very trendy and clean not like the neighborhood wink wink. I think we are sorely lacking in Philippine cuisine and this is a gem. They have been opened only 7-8 months, and the place is not that packed yet, so go before you have to line up out the door!!!Price wise it was about 25$ each with tons of food and a drink each, it could have been less if we hadn't ordered the 14$ ramen burger... It's sooo cheap for food this good :)Salamat ;)
3	I first heard of Tkrestobar through the internet because of one thing: the RAMEN BURGER. The next thing I did was search the place and found out it was really near my job. So of course I had to try it.When I got there, I felt like it looked a lot like the Momofuku noodle bar in New York and I was anticipating great things. I ordered fried calamari, the ramen burger and had a chocolate tarte for dessert. The fried calamari was different from other places, but it's not one of my favorites. And now the ramen burger. Visually stunning, but the taste left me hanging. Texture with the noodles was great, but I would have liked it a bit spicier and found it a little blunt. Luckily, I had a leftover of chipotle mayo from the fries and added it to the burger, which made it a bit better. The burger isn't the best, but it's worth trying. For dessert, I had a chocolate tarte, which they served with almond chantilly and dulce de leche. It was ok. My brother had a lava cake, which was served with black bean ice cream. Interesting combination, and surprising taste.I went back a few times to try out all their menu, and I find it interesting that they often change desserts, which are written on boards on the walls. Make sure to read all of them, some are interesting picks, such as salmon tartar tacos. Also, probably one of the best fried chicken in town. They also have a filipino menu, but I never tried it.One interesting thing about this place is the drinks. I had an amaretto sour, and the ice came in shaped like litchis, which I found cute.One big negative point for me is their service. The staff is very small, ans when the restaurant is in a rush, getting food can take a while. Weirdly, the place can be packed with a line-up, or empty. Maybe it's because of the location (near metro plamondon). Also, make sure you reserve before you go. I once went during their opening hours, but the restaurant was closed. Overall, the food is great for the price, and it's a great place to try out for cuisine that sticks out of the ordinary.
1	If you want Filipino food you're better off going across the street to Papa's.Don't bother with the ramen burger, it's over priced and it seems like they stopped putting much care behind it. The pictures I've seen look amazing, in reality they decided to cut out a lot of the toppings, buns were burnt, meat was undercooked. They asked how would I like my burger. I thought the correct answer would be all dressed but he meant how cooked do I want the burger....  Obviously it should be cooked and edible. The burger also comes with "fries" which is basically a shredded potato, equally disgusting.I had high hopes for this place, been wanting to try the ramen burger for a year, maybe I caught the, on a bad day even though it was quiet, or they treat the take out orders with much less care than  those who dine in.Overrated, over-priced, definitely not worth the sick I was feeling the next morning.
4	The food is great and especially the wings. I tried the Bourbon Lemonade but it seemed quite watered down. It could have been more tangy.
5	This place is awesome!First, the food is excellent. The bucket of chicken is the best fried chicken I've had (admittedly, I'm not a connoisseur) and is an amazing value. There were 15+ pieces for $25. The steamed buns were great as well.Second, the cocktails are very good *and* are an excellent value. Where do you find $6 cocktails?Our waitress was very friendly and helpful. I plan to return soon!
1	I had written a review on their facebook page which was a little bit nicer than this one. Someone else commented and they agreed with my comments.TKresto responses to our comments with a "lol"I don't understand, the comments weren't really funny, more like complaints and there was mention about the price being too high and we aren't rich... are they laughing at poor people? I don't understand what the point was in responding besides trying to upset me...Thank you very much for your wonderful feedback!
