5	My wife and I have used Mile Auto Repair exclusively for several years now. They are honest, affordable, and we always provide us with the best customer service. It is very difficult to find a trustworthy mechanic, and we've had our share of shops in the past that have tried to overcharge us for parts or sell services we didn't need on our vehicles. Now that we have Mile Auto, all of those problems are a thing of the past. We highly recommend Mile Auto and have sent many of our closest friends there as well.
5	Mile Auto Repair has provided awesome honest service for our family.  I was driving down the road when my check engine light went on.  So I immediately turned around and headed for Mile Auto.  They got me right in fixed the problem in no time.  Its nice to have an auto repair shop that you are comfortable with for routine maintenence and emergencies.
5	John did a fantastic job on figuring out my overheating issue on my Infiniti after Grelichs failed to fix my car properly. John is more than fair with there pricing and are extremely knowledgeable. He has a customer for life from me.
5	Great Service - towed my car there in the morning with a overheat problem and it was fixed by mid-afternoon. Very pleased with their service and I highly recommend.
5	As a woman, it's scary taking my car anywhere for repairs. I was tired of dishonest mechanics overcharging for what were probably unnecessary repairs at times on my Euro car.  Found Mile Auto Repair online and was pleasantly surprised at how honest and quick they were.  They got my repair done in no time and the price was extremely fair.  I highly recommend them to family, friends, and anyone looking for a good, honest repair shop.  I will definately be a customer for life.
3	Fit me in on a holiday weekend. The guys were super friendly and knowledgeable. Honest and up front. A little frustrated that I got charged the diagnostic fee for them to tell me, "Not sure, take it back to the previous mechanic." I did not refuse to pay it, I am sure it is just a policy and they were very courteous and respectful, and I respect their time they took on a holiday weekend to fit me in. Would definitely give them another shot!
5	During a recent trip to Arizona to visit friends, we had an incident with our vehicle. It wouldn't start, and we jump started it but it didn't go far. We were on our way back and it was Saturday, so we definitely panicked. The closest place we could tow the car to was Mile Auto Repair. We were really afraid because it was the weekend. However, the service was great, fast and efficient. Very knowledgeable and friendly service adviser was able to diagnose and fix the problem the same day. Honest and trustworthy, and they made sure the car was in great condition to face the many hours of travel we had ahead of us. Finding a reliable and honest car repair shop when out of town can be scary and frustrating, but this place was definitely worth it. We were so thankful we found it. We would highly recommend, whether you're from town or from out of town, if you have car problems, bring your car to Mile Auto Repair.
5	Great service, honest work and reasonable prices. In the past I've had bad experiences at other auto repair places. They try to tell me that I need more work on my car than I actually need. Mile Auto is very honest with their recommendations. They are always able to get me in same day and the turn around time is very quick. Would recommend this place to everyone.
