5	This place is great.  Good prices and very friendly.  The place is very clean and nice, and they even give you a remote to watch whatever you want on TV while you wait in the chair and while they are working on you.  I've been here 4 times in the past two years and they always do a fantastic job with everything.  The best part is that the dentist is super gentle and I've never had a painful experience here at all.
5	They accept Culinary Health Fund insurance.  A huge plus in Vegas/Henderson.I called on a Tues morning at 9am when they opened.  I was able to get an appt. for the same day at 1pm.  I arrived 15 min early as requested.  While I was filling out the paperwork (a small amount), another patient arrived.  He signed in and was seen withing 5 min.  After finishing my paperwork, I was also seen within 5 min.  I was first seen by the assistant who took digital Xrays.  They were quick and harmless.  She explained a couple things and then I had to wait less than 10 min to see Dr. Eric Lac.  In the meantime they gave me the remote to the tv and actually had expanded cable channels (not movie).  Dr Lac came in and asked some questions, explained some things, examined my teeth then gave them a deep cleaning.  The deep cleaning was simple and painless.  I used to hate this and I had to make an effort to not tense up once I realized this was painless.  After Dr. Lac, the assistant came back in and polished my teeth, also simple and painless.  They gave me a goodie bag and scheduled me for 6 months.Important details for me personally.  First, I couldn't tell if anyone smoked or not.  I absolutely hate when someone is working close to my face with their face and I have to smell their dying cigarette lungs breathing 5 inches from me.  And the assistant and Dr Lac didn't have foul breathe.  Also really important when visiting a dentist.  Second, the wait time where minimal.  Finally, the staff was pleasant and visit was comfortable.I do recommend this dentist.  I'll be back in 6 months.
1	I called to ask a question,.the receptionist was so rude I couldn't believe it. We all have bad days but its your job to "smile" like your sign says and be cordial.  Needless to say they are not the only dentist in the world so I hung up and never went in for my appointment.  I hope the rest of the staff is not like her.  We are the customers, the ones with the money,..right?  Not a good sign.  I'll take my smile elsewhere.
