5	Got a quick response from my web inquiry, and they were able to come out the next day. The two electricians who came arrived on time, were professional and knowledgeable, and got the problem taken care of in no time.  I definitely recommend this company for any electrical needs!
5	I have to say without a doubt that Penny Electric, and Cole Penny and his crew are the Best electricians on the planet earth.While we got off to a bumpy start, when his crew arrived, it was like watching a cirque show, of highly trained people, ply there trade.the work was done perfectly, and the price was beyond reasonable.5 stars is too low a rating for them!Jonathan
4	Very professional staff. Did a web inquiry and they returned my call within the hour to set up an appointment. Came over, explained to the electrician what I wanted and he got started right away. 4 hours later, rewiring my surround sound from one wall, through the attic, into another wall, he was done. very professional and very reasonably priced. $250 charged by the hour. great job! i highly recommend them!
5	Installed outside outlets, light box, ceiling fans, and speakers.  Very pleased with the service and workmanship.  I will call Penny Electric again if I need further service and refer to others.  Went above and beyond the minimum level of service.
5	I very rarely write reviews but in this case I felt compelled to commend the great service provided by Penny Electric. I'm out in Las Vegas setting up a network and I searched Google for an electrician. I almost always would seek a referral back at home but Google was my only tool out here. I felt as if I was just rolling the dice, picking an electrician with no referral. But it turns out I got lucky on my pick. I spoke with Marcus who told me they could come out and do the work the next day. I met him at the office the next day and soon afterward, his team of 4 or 5 guys were out working on my project. There are two reasons I'm writing this review:1. Their pricing was phenomenal. For the amount of time, copper, and other materials my project took I really don't know how they priced it so competitively. 2. My main contact, Marcus, went well above and beyond the scope of work and I was very happy with him. Once the new circuit was run, I had an issue connecting the equipment to it. Not their fault - the equipment had been wired incorrectly by the previous electrician who hooked it up in Atlanta. Marcus spent the extra time to rewire it so that I wouldn't run into any additional problems and used his multimeter to test all the input and output voltages to make sure everything was up to spec. Furthermore, I called him with a perplexing question of how I could step down my UPS's voltage from 240v to 120v for certain equipment. I spent some time on Google researching the answer but to no avail. Marcus promptly researched the solution to this and had me all set the next morning. And for this service above and beyond, I felt that it was necessary to give Penny Electric a 5 star review. Thanks for everything.
2	I was referred to Penny Electric to run a 220 line for my new spa.  The estimate (done by the owner) was reasonable and I liked him a lot.Unfortunately, things went a bit south when they did the actual install.  I failed my initial inspection with the county because they did not run the ground-wire from each pump to code.  Instead of running it outside the spa and burying it, it was done sloppily and the ground-wire was just run through the cabinet.  When they came out to redo the ground-wire, the electrician busted an irrigation line.  It was obvious to me that the person knew they hit the line because they reburied only that portion of the work (even though the rest of the work was visible because it needed to pass another inspection).They did eventually fix the irrigation line issue, but the amount of back and forth was just not worth it.  I would expect the work to be done correctly the first time and not to have the crew come out another two times to fix their mistakes.
5	Great company. I had a partial in ground spa installed and Penny Electric was recommended to install a 220 line and CB box. They did a great job and passed inspection first time. Very professional.
