5	Dance parties! Homemade glitter bar! Stages! Intimate and quiet nights with great food and excellent cocktails also! This is the bar the MIle End has been missing: joyful, fresh, tasty and such a satisfying use of the space that used to be Taverna where they would place a mix of local indie music and Greek pop to a similarly mixed up and happily dancing crowd. Mad props and thanks to Hugo Desforges and Val Desjardins and everyone at the Royal Phoenix for reinventing the gay bar and including all of us in it.
5	I was there last night with a pack of ladies, there was a new waiter who was clearly a pro: no waiting, no chaos, super funny friendly attentive service. And the food!! The poutine is really exceptional, and I have eaten at least 3 times my weight in poutine so I should know. The deep fried pickles and hot peppers are freakin amazing as well - it's a light tempura style batter, not heavy, so good that today I thought "If Royal Phoenix was open right now I'd eat deep fried pickles and peppers for breakfast." The beet salad and papaya salad were light and crazy tasty as well - kudos to a place that can do both poutine and salad well. And watch out - they just kicked off a brunch party monthly thing, and if it works they'll roll it out weekly. Word from the last one was that latkes, Japanese pop bands, and lesbian haircuts do indeed make for a magical breakfast in the mid afternoon.
3	Well, I finally made my way here after hearing so much about this place, namely the poutine and the fried pickles...A friend of mine was having a get together last saturday, and I figured I'd come early so i can grab a bite to eat before my friends came.The place turns into a bar after 9:30 pm or so... and they get rid of the tables. we got there around 10 pm, they start charging a cover after 10:30pm hihi.The decor seems just blah, and it's pretty much all black... by the time we got there they were serving just drinks, but you can still order food at the bar. I went ahead and ordered the royal poutine, since it has pulled pork, coleslaw, and green apples. Let me just say!!!! the poutine is crazy!!! it's amazing nice taste and texture, well balanced. And this I ate on a full stomach, and I ate it all!!This is the best poutine I've ever had, better than poutineville and better than poutine au foie gras at pied de cochon!!!We also ordered lychee martini, which was weak but it was a full glass at least. Then we ordered it again and this time, the glass was 3/4 full, I'm thinking wtf?Plus they automatically charge you tips. This one girl took 5$ from me for three drinks which she made at 3/4 potions, hello? rip off much?I find the bar staff is uneven, some are really nice and some are like blahI have yet to try the fried pickles cuz I was too full. But the bar scene here is blah!!! and the music was sad lolIf it wasn't for the nice waiter and the poutine this place would get 2 stars out of me!!! but Mr. waiter you were nice ;)
4	I got here on a unoffish yelp party in search of this free monthly dance class offered at the bar. Dance class was baller, led by Robin Henderson. It's nice and friendly, comfortable seating, and man does it get packed here after 9. Server was super nice, and drinks were flowing through the table. The vibe is pretty casual, and a pretty big mixed crowd. PBR cans were the highlight of the evening it seemed, and a great place to hang out if you're Mile End bound.I didn't have any food there, but my friend had the apple brie sandwich, and she said it was hard putting it down it was delicious!
4	Thanks to the fabulous Risa D, I opted to try this place.  I originally wanted to try their deep fried squeaky cheese, but on this occasion I was meeting friends for brunch, so brekky it was.  The decor is club for sure, but on this sunny day we opted for a window seat, (they have a cute little terrace but it was full when we arrived), the space is suprisingly big and airy thanks to high ceiling, and windows all around.  The staff was really nice and welcoming always a good thing for first impressions.I ordered the vegetarian benedict (with extra bacon), which made the waitress wonder if she understood correctly (she actually thought I said vegan and that really threw her), it was delish...perfectly poached, with lots o plump bacon and tasty spinash exactly what I was craving, the tots (go Napoleaon dynamite), were really good half wedges with great seasoning.  Others in my party had the huevos ranchos and a salmon benedict, everyone gave it a happy thumbs up. Great value on the brunch btw the mains were an in the $10-$14 for benedicts and they come with a small orange juice and a fruit salad served as an app, a very good idea for the  meal flow.I would definately go back for brunch and am now very tempted to try another meal, and get that deep fried squeaky cheese thing and try their pulled pork, which seems to be a signature ingredient....see ya there!
4	I am removing one star because the deep fried pickles and hot peppers have been removed from the menu. Unacceptable!
4	Cheap beer, greasy food and friendly lesbians.  If that sound appealing to you then this place should be the place for you.I really like going here for beers after work on their side walk terrace.I also appreciate that the place is dog friendly
4	I love the poutine here.  Although, I'm confused about the sizes.. I went a few weeks ago with some friends and the mini poutine was in a giant bowl... I got it last night and it was teeny tiny.   The taste is so consistently creamy delicious and I find myself fantasizing about the poutine on a weekly basis.  They make a mean brunch as well which included a breakfast poutine.  I haven't tried it yet, but I will! The staff is super friendly and quick.Heard they have Karaoke nights, bingo nights and dance nights, which all seem to be hit.
1	So I really wanted to like this place, I had read the signs about a Camp fire Ceasar and all.  And I did really like the cheap drink specials 6 bucks for a pbr and a jameson after 10 pm.  But what happened to me and a friend here tonight will serve me to never go to this establishment ever again.  We were talking at the bar about various things and I found out that our conversation about Americans being fat due to a lack of public transportation was completely forbidden.   My friend and I were just sitting at the bar when all of a sudden the bartender tells us that we need to leave, now I have been wasted and told that I would not be served any more, but his was entirely due to our conversation and our something or whatever with positive body image.  Instead of trying to argue with us, our bartender suggests that we drink our drinks fast or get a refund.  WTF?!?  This is the kind of bush league stuff that you only hear about and never experience in real life.  The poutine was great, as were the drink specials but woe be to you if you mention anything to do with fatness, or you will be asked to leave.  My friend and I are still confused several hours later.  It is enough to cause you to wonder whether prejudice against lesbians is justified (which I doubt is actually their goal in life) but being  unwelcome as a straight man is a new experience.  I will never go back and will be frequently any of the various other bars in Montreal as a result.
4	I think this is the only place in town which offers a Bacon Bloody Caesar as a part of their weekend brunch menu.Came here today with friends for brunch and was surprised at how great the drinks and food here was. Pulled Pork Eggs Benedict?  Outstanding. And as for that Bacon Bloody Caesar, imagine two super crispy swirls of bacon sticking out of your drink and the glass rimmed with peppered and some bacon-based salt thing. What a way to start the day!Before that I came here one late Saturday night and it was Hipster Central. Both times, fantastic tunes were a-playing, mostly the Prince, vintage Bowie variety. And that suits me fine.
3	GOOD. I finally had brunch here and was pleasantly surprised with the menu, portions and the food itself. The menu had much of the traditional brunch items and also offered and oddity or two for the area (like huevos rancheros). Most of the dishes come with a small fruit bowl, a generous salad and some delicious large and chunky potato wedges. The atmosphere is casual ... the inside looks like a small concert venue-turned pop-up brunch establishment. The staff is cool and music is very good. They have the full bar available during brunch with drink specials offered. There's a small outdoor seating area outdoor. Inside there are large windows that open up and you the get a small connection to the outside and passers-by.
3	Good food and good service.I & mom are semi-regulars for Sunday brunch. It's just the right amount, you leave feeling full but not weighed down.With the use of coupons a good value; without a tad pricey.The blonde handsome barkeep is like the Maestro, he keeps everything flowing. The servers (usually ladies) are attractive as well, nice to have eye-candy to go with good eatz.
4	In general, bar service is usually really good. The bartenders are amazingly friendly and good people. They have pretty nice deals for drinks, and they have always been good so far. It's awesome that they accept debit/credit here. The music is fantastic and much better than club music played at other venues. I think that the size of the venue may bother some people since it can get pretty packed, which is why I took a star off...I also did for the factor that the crowds aren't always amazing, but they are still better than the crowds at other clubs I've visited. I think it depends on what night you go, and who you go with. I had more fun on a Saturday night than a Friday night.  (On a side note: I haven't tried the food, but it seems good from what I've heard. I would go for a brunch sometime.)
