3	I've had good experiences at Morehead Street Tavern. Mostly I was struck by how huge the place is. It looks pretty tiny from outside. But inside you'll find the main bar area, then a huge room with tons of tables and lounge space. My friend and I hung out on a couch there talking for hours one night, which is a testament to the chill atmosphere.  Morehead Street looks like a good place to have a party. I've seen quite a few groups having events in the basement. There is also a really pretty courtyard area that would be great for summer events. A big plus is that it's right off the light rail.
2	We stopped at Morehead Street Tavern one evening because some friends wanted to meet there (they knew the bartender who was working).  We parked behind the building in a deserted parking lot, feeling a little unsafe, unsure if the tavern was even open.  We walked in and sat at the bar.  There were a few other people there, but I'm not sure where they had parked.  The way the tavern was layed out, it reminded me of a Western saloon.  And the lighting was low and a bit harsh.  The atmosphere didn't allow for anything exciting to happen other than maybe a barfight or shoot-out.  So we sat there for a couple of drinks, hung out with friends, received average service sitting at the bar, and left.  There was nothing really memorable about the experience, so I can't say that I'd go back.
4	Great bar in uptown Charlotte. Patio is open for summer...can't beat it.
1	Oh, sadness.  I had hoped Morehead Street Tavern would be better, as it's one of the bars within walking distance of our house.  We took an out-of-town friend there the other night (a Friday), and were a little disheartened when the bar area was mostly empty at 9:00 p.m.  Even so, the bar proper has a nice, wood-grained vibe, and the drink specials, judging from the menu, are for beers I enjoy.  One point to Morehead Street Tavern.We then moved into the next room to play a few games of pool, which is where Morehead Street Tavern really began to show its colors.  It appears to be a restaurant tacked on to a bar, with brighter lighting, booths, and what appears to function (or functioned in the past) as a hostess station.  The room was huge, with the pool tables on the far end.  It would be a great place for a fully packed bar, but the it was positively ghost-like.  Where were all the people?In the pool room/restaurant area, one set of music played over the speaker system, but we quickly noticed a competing set of music that seemed to be coming from downstairs.  Next to the pool tables was a viewing area from which you can watch whoever happens to be dancing under the disco ball below (think the old ice skating rink at the now-defunct Eastland Mall).  This is where the people were: four or five sets of couples blissfully dancing to country jams spun by a DJ.  When we approached the railing of the viewing area, we could rock out to country; when we went back to the pool tables, we could enjoy Katy Perry.  Most of the time, our ears just took in samples of both.I don't care for bizarrely empty bars.  Nor did I care for the dance floor viewing area (I was afraid some profoundly drunken fool would topple over the railing).  Finally, I didn't care for the roach with whom I shared the bathroom.Never again.
4	Now you must know this is the distance of one cartwheel from my work - if that makes any sense - either way its hard to resist a few after work drinks with co-workers especially on half price Thurs.  I don't want you to walk into this place anytime and think your going to have awesome food and meet the coolest people its really not that kind of place...though I have at times met awesome people there.  I've been a Thurs. night regular for years now and I am very well taken care of by all the staff no need to ask me what I want to drink... how can you ever complain about a place that you walk out of with a great buzz and paid an $8 tab.
5	I could write about my lunch experience. I could write about how it was dead in there, the food was alright but nothing to write home about. I could tell you about my three star experience.But I'm not. going to.I'm going to tell you about my five star experience. When would this five star experience happen? THURSDAY. When do you want to go to this place? THURSDAY. When do you want to have any of your drinks half price (excluding Patron and Goose)? THURSDAY. I went for happy hour after work (it's a hop-skip from the office). I'll be honest, the guys behind the bar, while being pretty cute, are lackluster in the communication and drink area. But them aside, who doesn't love a loud, foul mouthed bartender in a local joint with giant boobs, a witty comeback, and makes the best Vodka Collins I've ever had? I know I do! I'd never met this chick in my life, but right after she made a joke about me liking highballs, it was all uphill from there. They do not, by any means, water the drinks here. They're strong, so expect to get something with a kick. When I went, it was packed. I actually only stayed in the bar area because there were so many interesting people to talk to there. The crowd runs from all ages and walks, you have your older crowd, your younger crowd, your townie crowd, your happy hour after work crowd... it's all there. After I had closed my tab, some guy who was probably sixty just kept my drinks coming and talking about Desert Storm. Weird? Yes. Awesome, interesting, and a good story later? Yes.Gotta love places like this. So what did we learn?THURSDAY.
