5	Great staff, great management, great food. I hear it's a chain but has a local bar feel. Seems very welcoming as a place to h g even on a laptop. They have WiFi. Cool new place. Looking forward to hanging out here a lot.
5	26 beers on tap including lots of local beers.  17 TVs with national, local, and even high school sports. Big patio and excellent service.
3	We live across the street and my  husband and sister-in-law have been waiting eagerly for this place to open as it is an homage to their previous residence in Florida. We decided to sit outside on the patio because it's been so beautiful here lately. I'm not sure if that was the reason it took nearly two hours to get our food (two orders of wings, two house salads, and fish and chips) or if it was because they opened two weeks ago and are still learning. I can tell you that it definitely was NOT the fact that they were extremely busy...we went on a Tuesday. Either way, I'm not super impressed. We didn't even order alcohol, which usually slows things down even more. My husband sent his drink (flavored Dasani water) back because of the artificial sweetener taste. Even though the waitress said she would take that off the bill, she didn't. We didn't say anything because we were afraid of how long that was going to take, too. We sat without plain ol' water for a while. I eventually got up and took all of our cups to the bar to get water. I want to go back in hopes that they iron out all the kinks after the newness wares off...but I don't want to have to schedule another two hour chunk out of my night.
4	This restaurant just opened up in a location which used to be an old dive bar. It is entirely remodeled and updated-it doesn't smell like puke anymore like the old place.We ordered the "famous" wings and an appetizer sampler.  The wings were good, but there are some other joints nearby with better wings.  The food was good, I would like to go back and try some other items. They have a great patio, a lot of indoor seating. The service was good. Overall, a great place to have in the neighborhood. We will be back.
2	From the corner that brought you Hitts, Howie's, and the Regal Beagle comes... BEEF O'BRADY'S.  Awful location, awful name.  The food, however, was pretty decent for bar food.  My burger had fresh toppings and a tasty brioche bun, even though the patty seemed to be pre-formed.  The onion rings were battered.  I prefer breaded, but the spicy dipping sauce was delicious.And that's about all there was to say that's good about this place.  It was not cheap.  The burger was $8.50, and the onion rings cost extra.  They snuck in a charge for cheese on my friend's burger, whereas it was included on mine.  Despite having several nice TV's, the viewing angles weren't great to see multiple TVs.  And the staff wasn't up to speed on the menu or the bill.  (It's a new place, so I guess I should cut them some slack.)The place has potential for happy hour.  $2 domestic drafts.  $4 import drafts with a nice selection.  Large outdoor patio.  But I think the location dooms Beef O'Brady's to a dead crowd except for maybe Friday happy hour.
5	My husband has been waiting for them to open as he's from Florida and experienced the original Beefs. He loves their wings. I had a pretzel burger that was excellent. We've also tried the appetizer with fried pickles, onion rings, and pulled pork sliders that were amazing. They have a HUGE menu, great section of beers, and a nice atmosphere. Local feel despite being a chain.
5	This is the place to go for wings! I've been going to Beef's in Florida all my life and couldn't be happier to find they have expanded to Chandler. Great place to have a beer and watch the game. Their happy hour is pretty good and they have a large patio. The staff was really friendly too!
4	First Thing.  I rated this 4 stars because I am comparing it to other restaurants that are similar (Teakwoods, Hooters, other bar/restaurants), I don't rate 4 stars because I am comparing it to a good steakhouse or Italian food place.  Apples to Apples, right?So along with my husband and 4 other friends we visited for a quick bite to eat during the week.  None of us had ever been to this restaurant, here or any other location.The place was really clean, and smelled like a restaurant, not like a bar (certainly not like pissy beer and puke like the previous bar that was here).  We were told to seat ourselves as the place was pretty empty.The menu was pretty extensive, for bar food.  I actually had a hard time deciding.  For appetizers the table ordered a basket of fried pickles and a basket of fried jalapeno rings.  The fried jalapenos were awesome, probably the best thing I ate there.  The fried pickles were ok.  They were cut too thin in my opinion and lacked any sort of "pickle flavor".  For dinner I got that wing basket.  I ordered half honey BBQ and half medium buffalo.  The basket comes with fries.  The rest of the table ordered honey garlic wings, habenero mango?, nuclear, another mild buffalo basket, a Philly cheese-steak, and an order of steak nachos.  My order of wings were good.  The medium buffalo was good, but nothing stood out as fantastic or unique.  Wish they were a little crispier.  The honey BBQ tasted just like sloppy joe sauce was on them.  I'm not kidding, it was strange.  The person that ordered the Philly cheese-steak had to ask for a side of queso, no cheese was available besides provolone.  The woman that ordered the steak nachos said they were good, but asked if next time they could actually melt the cheese on the nachos.  I think everyone felt the same about the wings.  Good, but not great.  We will visit this place again and order something new next time and see how they do.The service was good, fast, but they up charge for everything.  There is a reason they ask you if you want celery with your wings, not to cut back on waste, but to charge you $.69 for the celery!  In my opinion this place is far better, quicker, cleaner, and nicer than Teakwoods!!
1	My husband had been to this chain in FL years ago and was eager to try it out here in AZ.  Unfortunately, it was not how he remembered.  I had never been but was disappointed by the experience.  The food did not look or taste fresh and seemed overpriced.  Service was very slow.With so many other restaurant choices in the Valley, we will not be returning here.
1	Don't waste your time w this place! Lousy slow service both times I went , bland generic food that tastes like it was frozen and just thawed then not cooked long enough, they even screw up simple things, the worst part is the staff, the owner Andrew is creepy and clingy, the bar tender Shannon is so slow I ordered a beer at the bar and instead of then getting it she walks over to another table where her boss is already harassing people who just want to eat their meal in peace and try and talk about bs for. 5 min while I'm just standing there, or you get her attention for a beer then have to wait until it's convenient for her to get it, she needs to learn a bit about customer service WONT BE BACK AGAIN
5	Hands down the best bar around! I used to go to other bars in the area and have not been back since these guys have opened ...great beer ! Food is excellent!... definitely shows they all take pride in what they do! Management and staff will always go above and beyond for the customer ! Love Em would highly recommend! !!
5	Hands down the best bar around! I used to go to other bars in the area and have not been back since these guys have opened ...great beer ! Food is excellent!... definitely shows they all take pride in what they do! Management and staff will always go above and beyond for the customer ! Love Em would highly recommend! !!
5	When you go to bar you want a drink right?  Well what do you drink?  They have it. Hands down best beer/drink selection around. Staff members go above and beyond for any customer.
3	The food was average at best. The prices were on the moderate to higher for typical bar food. They do have a big selection to choose from, but I'm not sure that will help if it's all average. My friend that joined me said his sampler plater appetizer had no flavor. The pretzel bun sliders were a joke, with a half dollar size patty on a bun 2 1/2 times as big. I would say the Mushroom burger I had was pretty bland as well.  There were not many mushrooms, and you couldn't taste them. They asked how I wanted the burger cooked, but they only have 2 options, either medium or well. The ice tea they had was nasty!I thought it was odd that a place with Beef in the name would claim to be famous for wings their wings, but they do. I don't understand why people pay prime rib prices for chicken wings? The one order of wings that I saw go past didn't look like the wings were all that big. At $1 a wing I just say no. The waitress was pretty good with the service, and the owner did come to our table to check on our thoughts after we finished. That was why I gave them 3 stars instead of 2. Based on the businesses I've seen in the same location over the last 20 years, I would give these guys 6 to 9 months. They took out the pool tables and added more booths, so this place thinks it's a restaurant. To make it in the restaurant game you have to have food that stands out to make people want to come back. It's the closest place to my house, so I'll likely give them another try.
5	So, I came in to Beefs for some food and a beer. I got the best service I've had at a restaurant and by far the prettiest snake bite ever created. I would highly recommend this establishment for anyone looking for good service, food, and a beer if your interested!
5	Fricken awesome.  I love their spring rolls and their chicken phone is the best.  The people are warm and friendly and the food is made fresh
4	Local bar with good drink specials ($3.00) during Happy Hour.  They also have an extensive menu; although, I have not tried the food yet.  Bartenders are really sweet too!
5	This place is totally awesome. A fantastic local bar. My bartender Baili was fantastic. I witnessed a confrontation with another guest that was totally disrespectful and Baili handled it with total class and professionalism. Some patrons just need to realize when they have had too much to drink and take criticism respectfully and learn to call it a night. I come here frequently and love the food drink and atmosphere.
1	I really wanted to like this place since its so nearby and has a respectable beer selection....The space has a great patio and a snazzy interior, along with the aforementioned draft lineup. And that's pretty much where the positive portion of this review ends.My biggest issue is with the crowd this place attracts. For example, I heard  loud banter between a bar patron and the bartender about wine:Bartender to server: "Here's the wine for table 3"Customer to bartender: "Who drinks wine anyway, queers?"While I'm not gay, I do respect people's choice of sexual orientation. Plus, what a stupid thing to say hahahha! Everyone knows only gays drink Bud Lite. All joking aside, I find it FUCKING ABSURD that there is anyone inside Chandler city limits who would say such a thing in public.  The rest of my visit was spent uncomfortably trying to ignore the babbling of said idiot.Follow on visits have put me in similar situations, where I am consistently surrounded by people who are on the verge of being too drunk and borderline, if not absolutely, obnoxious.The food looks like typical American chain swag, although I've never tried.I see this place slowly devolving into a shithole dive bar and I don't mean in like a hipster way. Perhaps it can be the go to joint for white supremacists softball teams after a game.  Maybe that corner is cursed??? Won't be returning.
4	5 of 5 for the beer selection alone.   Every palate can find a decent craft brew to enjoy.3.5 of 5 for food quality and selection.. ..it is "above average" bar food, and a good spot for lunch...  (5 star bar-food in my book is AZWBC..)  4/5, overall.  I am here once or twice a week.  Service has been GREAT every time.My reference: Hooters scores a 2/5 for food. 1/5 for beer "selection".. I do not waste my money there.     (5/5 for ... ehh..  scenery...)
5	Got a good selection of craft beers!! Everyone is super friendly bartender shannon and Amenda remembered my name and what I ordered the 2nd time I walked in. Got a great making for neighborhood hangout!!
4	I was here last night, this place looked amazing. I was impressed from the moment I walked. Great atmosphere great service. They have only been open for a few months and there wasn't much of a crowd but it's a great spot to grab a beer and watch the game.
1	Food bland, service slow.  You would think that an establishment with Beef in their name would offer prime beef products instead of poor quality food at prime prices.  If you like frozen pre-formed hamburger patties and dry bland cheese steaks, then this is the place for you.I'm done with Beefs and will not be going back.  Teakwoods is the place for excellent service and consistent quality foods.
3	we had a great night out with friends and our family at Beef O Brady's- they even ran out of milk for my our sons during our meal and the owner ran over to the nearly grocery to purchase more for them.The owner and his crew were attentive to our party and willing to cater to us to make sure we had the best experience possible.
5	This place is Amazing the owners are great the food is Amazing cold beer and all family oriented a matter of fact I'm watching football and eatting with one of the owners and his daughter doesn't get better than that
