4	Work required weekly visits to the Charlotte which, in turn, required me to choose from the Company's pre-approved list of hotels once every seven days. I always chose this hotel. Oh, it's nothing fancy, but I always selected this place over some of the fancier hotels on the list. Why? Let me count the reasons:Free breakfast.Free Happy Hour from 5-7pm (free Yuengling for the win!)Big, two room suites.Relatively close to dining options.Hyatt PointsThat's not a large list, but enough for me to keep coming back. It's not perfect. The Tvs are kind of blurry, despite being newer LCDs. Though updated and newly renovated, some rooms had unfortunate, um, stains on the carpet. Oh, and if you have an iPhone, reception on AT&T is nil. Depending on the room, I had to stand by the window to call my wife. It was enough to make me want to beat Luke Wilson with a pillow case full of quarters.Still, this is the place I always stayed so I've got to give four stars at least.
5	We were here for a wedding. Everybody invited was from out of town and we all stayed here-A good 50 people or so. The hotel staff was extremely friendly and bent over backwards to make us happy. The rooms were large and had a nice mini kitchen.  I can't recommend this hotel enough. Everyone else we spoke to was highly impressed. They even helped us heat up large bins of leftover barbeque and let us store the food in their kitchen for a pool get-together.  The shuttle to and from the airport was very handy as well.  For the price, we were so happy the bride and groom choose this hotel.
3	I have stayed with this hotel three times over the past three years and on all accounts, it's a good place to stay if you need to be near the airport. The staff is extremely friendly, the rooms are large, with new plasmas and free internet, and the breakfast is good for what it is. I do wish that they offered some sort of room service or restaurant option. All in all, I have had good enough experiences here and will stay again when work brings me to Charlotte.
5	This is a nice property conveniently located off I-77 and near the airport. The location is an attractive alternative to staying downtown Charlotte with their free parking, quiet surroundings, and close proximity to LYNX Light-Rail.  The washing machines and dryers (needed two cycles to dry) are a bit dated but worked well enough.Restaurant and shopping options are also located within five minutes of the hotel as well.
4	The advertisement for these hotels is right on point! It really does feel like being at home.The rooms don't look as good as the lobby or the outside but they're clean, well as clean as a hotel can be.  They have small fridges, stove tops and microwaves in their mini kitchen.  Though small, it was far and beyond what was given to me in the dorms so give credit where it is due!  They serve real breakfast in the morning, so you don't have to actually cook breakfast after a nice little night of debauchery!Get you some.
5	good place to stay for extended stay.
3	Hyatt as a brand has really stepped it up.  The decor, staff, and comfort of their newly updated look is truly impressive and home-like.  This one particular, though, just isn't quite up to the rest.  It needs just a little bit more renovation. 1. As soon as the doors opened to the lobby, I was overwhelmed by the smell of cigarette smoke.  And I'm not one normally overly sensitive to it.  I smelled it everywhere - even the gym?2. The staff are super friendly and helpful and go out of their way to do the little things - like remember your name for your whole stay.3. My room felt way too much like my first solo apartment in college.  It's those old white cabinets with the wood trim, popcorn ceilings, ugly carpet, musty smelling.  You can see some of the upgrades in things like the bedding and pillows, but even the curtains felt dated and old.4.  The layout is odd and solo elevators are hidden in little corner pockets without clear instructions on how to find them.5. Monday - Thursday night there's a free buffet and happy hour from 5:30-7.  The night I was there it was nachos.  And lots and lots of wine.In short, there are other Hyatts not too far from this one that I've also stayed in and they are far superior.
2	Overall, I wouldn't stay here again or recommend anyone else to.I don't understand the glowing reviews of this place... This place is in need of a dire face-lift. We stayed for 9 nights while on a house hunting trip. We drove up expecting a decent place with all the great reviews. We walked in and the lady at the counter was pretty friendly. The check in process went smoothly. We took the elevator the the third floor to our room. The elevator was painfully slow... You are really better off taking the stairs. Plus the layout of the hotel is weird. We had a pretty long walk to our room. The deafening hum of the wall mounted heating/cooling unit just added to the poor feel. All the walls in the hallway are scuffed up and dirty looking. First impressions of this hotel were not positive...The hotel doesn't give off a 3 star hotel vibe... Closer to 2... Maybe 2.5... So, about the room. The bed wasn't the comfiest but it was bearable. I hated how little lighting there was in the bedroom... Only two night stand lamps and a closet light... The bathroom configuration was strange... The shower and toilet are in one "room" with tile floors but the sink area is carpeted. There is no door that separates the areas. There is a door from the bedroom to the toilet area and a door from the living area into the sink area... It's just weird. There was a small kitchenette in the room with a microwave that looks like it's from the 80's, mini fridge, mini dishwasher and mini sink. There was also a two coil electric cook top... But zero counter space to do anything on. I could go on and on but it isn't worth it... They offered breakfast in the mornings. Pickings were pretty slim. Icky scrambled eggs, some protein item (bacon, ham, pink slime), and various carb loaded items. The coffee was drinkable in a pinch. The only reason they get two stars is because they had offered a social hour from 5:30-7 M-Th with free beer, wine and food. Oh... Btw... The internet, while free, is painfully slow!!!
3	I booked this hotel for a short (2 day) business stay because of its positive yelp reviews. The price was competitive at 139 per night with little short notice booking. There were some good points: 1. The hotel is accessible from the highways2. Rooms are spacious with separate living room, multiple TVs, and kitchenette3. Place has free daily happy hour with free snacks, beer, and wineHowever, there were a few surprising negatives1. This place is pretty old and its starting to show2. The AC are units in the room and they are extremely loud when they turn in3. The hotel hallways are not air conditioned get very hot, to the point where I broke a sweat walking to and from my room4. 3 of 4 exercise cardio machines were not in service5. The "free internet" was painfully slow to the point where I used my 4G phone instead even though I had my computerOverall ok experience. Don't know if I would stay here again
4	This was a one-night stop over, but I really enjoyed my stay! The hotel staff was kind enough to allow us to use the pool area even though it had closed for the night which my daughter really appreciated! Rooms were very nice and the hotel was so clean that I decided to eat my breakfast from the tile floor in the lobby and I'm still alive. That's clean!I would definitely stay here again and again.
1	I stay at Hyatt hotels frequently, but I was beyond unhappy with a recent experience here. I was on a connecting flight through Charlotte, and due to air traffic control, was stranded in Charlotte overnight. I called Hyatt House, and the call center customer service rep from Nebraska on the phone told me they had availability, so I booked and hopped a $20 cab over since the girl told me the shuttle was unavailable at night. I get to the hotel, and low and behold, the shuttle was available and actually about to head out to the airport for another drop off/pick up. Then, I go to the check in, only to find 6 other fellow stranded passengers in front of me. Stranded person #1 and #2 tell me that they've been waiting for 20 minutes for the front desk people to help reaccomodate since the entire hotel was booked. How I can simultaneously book and pre-pay for a room 20 minutes ahead of time, pay for a cab I didn't need to pay, and then get to a fully booked hotel at now almost 2am is ridiculous. Then, I and stranded passenger #3 get on the phone and make some calls, and after a minute, I find availability at the hotel next door. The front desk expressed shock and said, WOW, I've been trying to get on the phone with them to reaccomodate you all! uh, no you didn't, you were trying to find availability at another Hyatt, all of which were probably booked for the night too due to the mass of stranded travellers. Extremely disappointed at the customer service here, I will not be back.
5	Very nice hotel. Convenient to the airport and downtown Charlotte, NC. You do have to be mindful of your surrounding. Some break in of cars in the parking lot have being reported. Excellent breakfast everyday with a very helpful staff. All the rooms have been updated giving each room a very clean very upscale feel!
4	I got placed at this hotel by US Airways because they caused me and many others to miss connecting flights.  It was only about 10-15 minutes from the airport and they had provided a shuttle at about 11pm.  It was very quiet when I arrived.  I saw a bar but it closed at 10.  They had a little room that you could buy some things including beer and wine.  I didn't have toothpaste so the man at the desk gave me a few packets.  They also had some contact solution for purchase which I really needed.  The suite was large with a king bed.  The room felt clean and new.  I didn't look around so can't comment on pool or fitness room.  At the complimentary breakfast I ate some eggs Canadian bacon and English muffin and fruit.  The breakfast was good with plenty of choices.  The shuttle leaves for the airport every half hour I think.  I was glad this was the hotel I was placed at and would stay at another Hyatt house.
4	I stayed from Aug.28-Sept.1,2014. My girlfriend and I were down in Charlotte, N.C. for a wedding. We chose this hotel for the price and pictures of the mini suites. Upon arriving, I did not expect for the room to look like the pictures but this place exceeded my expectations. The room was very clean and was actual like a mini apartment. The kitchen areas included forks, knives, spoons, glassware, measuring cups, cheese grater,pots,pans, etc. I had no issues with any of the staff, and the one day they served omelettes at the omelette bar, they were delightful! I would definitely recommend this place to family, friends, travelers, layovers, strangers, as you definitely get more for your buck. This locations is also on a main street that leads directly into Downtown Charlotte after a 5-8 min. drive.
5	Had a wonderful experience starting with Melissa at check in.  Ate dinner at the bar and had wonderful mushroom and Brie soup and a great house salad.  Room was very clean and inviting.  Love this place and we booked it off Hotwire at a great price!  Highly recommend it.
5	Due to a flight delay, US Airways booked me here for the night. What a hotel!A shuttle arrived at the airport within 15 mins of me calling, with a wonderfully friendly driver, Eddie. He helped me find a place to order dinner from while the very helpful front desk attendant got me checked in. They were more than helpful and went above their expectations.The room was splendid, with a kitchen, living room with TV, bedroom with TV, and very spacious bathroom, all with new appliances and remodeling. More than enough towels and complimentary coffee. For breakfast, there were enough options to have three full meals! Everything was fresh and tasty.If I ever get delayed again, I will be very happy indeed to return to the Hyatt House.
4	UPDATED REVIEW:  to be fair there were numerous issues with my room and I originally gave a 2 star rating, however once I showed the manager the issues she refunded my points & gave me additional points.  So, while the room had issues the service was 5-star, which is why I updated this review.ORIGINAL REVIEW:Hyatt House is one of my preferred hotels but NOT this one.  It is dirty and just feels old, dark and uncared for.  Stayed at the Hyatt House in Richmond, VA for the last two nights and give them 5 stars!!!  Then I arrive in Charlotte and don't want to even touch anything in the room! How can 2 Hyatt House's be so completely different in cleanliness and care?  Next time I am in Charlotte I will pay the extra $22 valet parking fee to stay at the downtown Hyatt House...it has got to be better.  And if it's not I will stay somewhere else entirely!Gave this location a generous 2 stars rating only because I used points so it was free! Room 518Description: Handicap accessible, 1 bedroom suite w/two double beds, separate living room, kitchen and bathroom with tub, 2 windows, 2 closets, & 2 TVs. Review:+ great size room, nice layout+ towels are soft, thick & large+ room was quiet+ full size fridge+ plenty of hot water+ coat closet had light in it+ peephole's had covers+ bedroom a/c unit provides white noise+ optional grippy bath mat provided for inside tub+ lady at front desk was nice & accommodating+ self parking- no hair dryer - a/c in living room rattled so loud could not use- shampoo/conditioner was used and 1/2 empty- a/c units dirty (see pic)- nasty stain on bedroom window shade (see pic)- horrible stain (vomit/blood?) in dresser drawer (see pic)- power strip coming down in kitchen, cords hanging down (see pic)- bedside table had water and food particles on it - not wiped down- poor swiffer job on the carpets...I don't think they vacuum- ice machine on 1st floor in nasty laundry room- no trashcan in bathroom
