4	this restaurant is located on the second floor of neiman marcus at the fashion show mall.  right when you walk in it feels like you are walking into a cool night club.  the decor is is awsome...the striped carpeting, the big tables accented with what i believe was red cushioned chairs.  you look up and walk into area of red skylights, which fire you up.  at the edge walls, blue light filters down.  the place is very well lit.  the awesome thing about this place is the view.  if you pass by the outside of neiman marcus, youll notice the corner of a glass square/rectangular structure popping out on the second floor of the store.  so in the restaurant you can sit in this area behind blue stained glass which overlooks the las vegas strip with views of TI across the street and the new casino next to the venetian.on the table i noticed that the napkins were placed in napkin rings...impressive.  the bread here was fabulous.  its called monkey bread.  the muffin looking like bread was slightly firm on the outside with a cross cut on top.  the bread breaks perfectly into 4 pieces revealing a warm,chewy,soft, and creamy flavor inside.  the goat cheese salad was only good b/c of the goat cheese.  the bitter spring salad  took away from the pungent cheese.  i had to eat the cheese seperately and feel it crumble and meld together in your mouth...yummy.  i followed this with a thick piece of filet mignon and crisp fingerling potatoes.  then, it was finished by a glazed baked pear.  this was so good, it took me back when my grand uncle used to bake apples with brown sugar.  yeah, simple recipe but damn good dessert.   i would like to come back again to hit up the rest of the menu...
4	Yum!  My favorite of any dept store restaurnt I have been too.Get a seat on he window and you can look out onto the strip/Wynn/Ti/Venetian.The white truffle mac and cheese is superb.
4	I used to work here and I have to tell you that I wish i still did.  The food here is awesome!!  They have a cafe and a fine dining area for lunch.  The food is phenomenal.  I only gave it 4 stars because it is really hard to find.
5	I have to admit that during our week-long stay in Vegas, we actually ended up eating twice here. Twice. Why? Awesome food and my Neiman's card. I spent money all over the place during the week and will pay  for those lunches later. Slightly different food than Zodiac back in Chicago/Oak Brook, but talk about the views! Warm weather+ shopping+ awesome soup, salad and mini sandwich+ warm popover with straberry butter= Bliss.
5	I can only say one thing - mariposa bread is amazing
