3	As far as Chinese buffets go, this is one of the best.  However, the downside to that is the price - you'll be paying about $14 per person (plus the cost of sodas if you want them).  If this was $5 cheaper, I would've given them 4 stars.  Regardless, it's a fun place to go to.One of my favorite things about this place is that they just have an enormous selection of different foods.  They have lots of the standard Chinese buffet foods you would expect, but they also have sushi, a few different kinds of buns and dumplings, and then just random things that I would assume are fairly authentic.  I've had pig ears, chicken feet, and jellyfish here, so if you want to try something new or disturb your squeamish friends, you have a lot of opportunity for that.  Last time I went they didn't have any jellyfish out which was disappointing because honestly, jellyfish is pretty delicious.  If they have it while you're there, try it out.There are generally a LOT of Asian people at Phoenix Palace Buffet, which to me seems like a good sign that this is at least semi-authentic.  Also, they have a gigantic space in their building and have way, way too much seating, so you shouldn't have to worry about trying to find enough chairs and tables for a large group.One last thing - don't forget to try the lotus seed paste buns.  They're a semi-sweet dessert bun and they're awesome.
1	As far as chinese buffets go this is definitely not anywhere near good. Sorry couldn't refrain from taking a dig at the previous reviewer.  What I heard was that this was once a decent place to visit. However it has gone downhill in the past year. The array of dishes are impressive I concede, but each individual item is horrible. I tried to sample as much as possible before coming to this judgment but alas that is how it stands. The only thing I found slightly decent was the shui mai (pork dumplings). I liked the Lotus seed bun as well( due to my ignorance) but my asian colleague informed me that it was blech... and better ones could be obtained at Lee Lee's market across the street (lee lee's is another review though). Was feelling a bit ill at the end of the sampling frenzy (as I always do with these types of buffet). In short most of the food was old a simple test being if all the seafood smell off and the steamed dumplings have their wax  paper stuck to them.
1	Visited for dinner a long, long time ago, based on a positive review by a Thai coworker.  Selections were either bland, fried, or very salty.  Sushi left me wishing I was dining at Ra in Ahwatukee (and I don't even like Ra!).  I think the only thing I enjoyed was the ice cream section- mung bean I remember, but there were other flavors.  Maybe I didn't enjoy it so much.  To top it off, $14 per person for dinner that wasn't even worth $10?!?  Do yourself a favor and have a feast during happy hour at Ra!
5	Once one of my colleagues learned that I had never tried Dim Sum, they immediately dragged me to this place for lunch.  While it is a buffet, I was informed that they block up a part of the seating for Dim Sum at lunchtime.Well it turns out that Dim Sum (for those of you who don't know, such as myself) is best experienced in a group, and they have servers bring out carts with plates of different items and ask if you want some.  Whether it be sticky pork bbq rolls (Very good) or some sort of beef rice noodle, there is about 4 portions per plate.  They set them on the table and everyone dug in.Now I'm not the most picky eater, in fact I like to think of myself as somewhat adventurous, but when my colleague asked for the chicken feet I was somewhat taken aback.  Almost felt like a "survivor" competition... but I just couldn't get myself to eat it.  Those who did claimed it was really good... so I let them finish them off.Everyone I was with really loved the food, and I really liked what I did try, so I'm going to give this place 5 stars for its authenticity and food.  I would comment on the price, but I didn't pay, so I'm not too sure on that end. There seems to be a lot of different options of this place, but I can only tell what I experienced.  They do have a large "under new management" banner out front, so maybe that explains the bad reviews in the past.
2	*Review for dim sum onlyPhoenix Palace is part buffet, part a la carte dim sum, and part take-out Chinese BBQ . It's huge! The space could easily contain the Hindenburg, with a few smaller airships tucked away in reserve. I had dim sum here with a Hong Kong native, but I didn't need her vast experience and knowledge to reach a decision: not very good.You know what? This review is boring. Please pretend this list is a word cloud and draw your own conclusions:--congealed--lukewarm--imitation krab--sticky paper--bland--forgettable--dry--chewy--empty--easy listening tunes, including "Feelings"
3	Read a few months ago in the Chinese papers that PPB is under new management and acquired a new award-winning dimsum chef, so decided to give it a shot before some major shopping at Lee Lee.  Didn't hurt that they were promoting all sizes of dimsum at one price : $2.25.I'm ready to give them the benefit of the doubt that weekdays is not optimal for their dimsum.  One cart sits in the corner steaming the same dimsum all through lunch service while another holds room temperature fried items.  This is because only three tables out of over a hundred (most of which are empty) are ordering dimsum - the rest are eating from the buffet, where I found only two items possibly worth eating.The best one was the Chiu Chow dumpling stuffed with moist flavorful pork, veg and peanuts.  The shrimp dumpling wrapper suffered from sitting in the steamer too long.  The beef ribs (their take on the usual spare ribs) were quite tasty and probably not as sensitive to over steaming.I'd be wiling to give them another try on a weekend.  Dimsum needs flow.  They should just make it to order like China Chan on the West side on weekdays and carts only on weekends.
5	Dimsum today was unexpectedly good. Tried it on a weekday a few months ago and it was so-so but I could tell there was potential. Selection on weekends is way better than the weekday. They had my one of my favorites: steamed brown sugar cake ("Ma Lai Go") which I have not seen done right in a long time, even in Hong Kong. Color was a perfect brown and it was beautifully soft and spongey (it looks like a sponge too) and the flavor was not artificial like I've had so often.I was almost as excited to see a pan-frying cart meaning a cart with hotplate where they pan-fry stuff like radish cake, chive dumplings and rice noodles to order.  Haven't seen that since Hong Kong and LA. This is huge as my major pet peeve with other places is that food gets cold as it makes the rounds on the cart.  The chive shrimp dumplings were wonderfully chivey and crispy on the outside while soft & moist inside.Then the baked cart came around with buns I've never seen before. They let us mix and match any 3 so we picked a taro bun, "snow" bun with a milky filling and delicate crunchy white top, and a pineapple bun (pineapple refers to the appearance only) with custard filling. The snow bun is new to me and was absolutely delicious.They're promoting all dimsum items that fall under category A, B or C for $2.25 each (B & C usually cost $3 or more). This place is under new management and hired a new award-winning dimsum chef according to the Chinese papers. The quality shows and I love the selection. Definitely will be back on a weekend!
4	When I hear the words dim sum my ears perk up much like a dog when he hears someone approaching. Then a certain caution sweeps over me since so many dim sum places around the valley don't even come close to those found in other cities like Los Angeles and San Francisco. So when a friend of mine and local ice cream guru, Helen Yung from Sweet Republic, told me about a new dim sum joint that reminded her of Hong Kong, I was elated to try it as soon as possible.Phoenix Palace is quickly becoming a jack of all trades sort of restaurant. During the week they have seafood and Chinese buffets, a full menu with free delivery, and on the weekends rolling cart dim sum as well as a take out BBQ section. While carts only roll on the weekends, dim sum can be ordered any day of the week off of a smaller menu. We came just for the weekend cart dim sum, the BBQ section in the front of the restaurant looked amazing. In the window wrapped onto stainless steels hooks were selections of whole roasted duck, pork spare ribs and roasted chicken. I haven't seen a display like this one since being in Chinatown in San Francisco a few months back, very impressive. Come early or call ahead if you want to enjoy a roast duck to-go, when we left the display was pretty much wiped out.Walking into the Phoenix Palace you'll immediately notice that you're not in Kansas anymore, the clientele is mostly Asian who have very discerning palates. You know you're in the right place when the target market is ethnic and not American. No worries about communication break down, the staff speaks English, even if it is a little broken. Though all you really need are your senses to guide you through the dim sum experience. After being sat, the carts will start rolling by your table to peddle their vast variety of dumplings. Each cart person will open a steam basket for you to take a look inside and along with a brief explanation, usually consisting of only one word, they stamp your tally card and move on. The carts don't come in any sort of order so just have fun and order away. If something looks even remotely good go ahead, it's really inexpensive.One of the main difference between Phoenix Palace and the other dim sum restaurants, is the fact that not only do they offer 75+ different items, but here it's not only fresh but made in house. One of the carts that come about is a fry cart which at first seemed unusual. It's a stainless steel ride with a built in cook top where some items are crisped and heated table side which made perfect sense after one bite. In all of the places I've had dim sum, here and in other cities, I have never seen or heard of this before. Helen told me that she hadn't seen something like that since having dim sum in Hong Kong. If Helen is impressed, I'm blown away! We started with an order of Green Leek Gow ($3.15), with a translucent skin showing a silhouette of diced leeks and chopped shrimp, then crisped up on either side for a textural symphony. We also ordered the Pan Fried Pork Bun ($3.15) which had a slightly crisped edges filled with tender chopped pork, each bite was simply sublime. These were so good we ordered an additional plate of those chubby meat filled pillows.The standards are done extremely well here, such as the Steamed BBQ Pork Bun ($2.15), as well as the baked version ($2.15) with its covering of sweet sticky glaze. If you've never experienced a BBQ Pork Bun in either incarnation, you really should. This is the all about savory, salty and sweet, dip in some chili paste for an added spicy dimension. Chinese Broccoli ($5.25) is slightly bitter, slightly sweet and has a crunchiness that pairs well with the softer noodle dishes like the Beef Rice Noodle Roll ($3.15). Long sheets of rice noodles are filled with sliced tender beef, rolled and then steamed. When delivered to your table, a lightly sweetened soy sauce is poured over the top. Shui Mai ($2.15) is as tender and flavorful as it was meant to be, porky and delicious.Dessert dim sum is as much fun as its savory counterpart. Sesame Balls ($2.15) filled with sweetened red bean paste, surrounded by sticky rice, then rolled in sesame seeds and deep fried were pretty much a crowd pleaser. The Snow Bun ($2.15) was a new one that I've never seen or tasted before. A cloud of pure heaven filled with creamy custard, served warm, blew away any doughnut that's graced my lips. I also ordered a box of them to-go so they could be enjoyed again later. The tall and billowy Brown Sugar Rice Cake ($2.15) reminded me more of a yellow cake though was very good, hot and fresh out of the steam basket.There aren't too many places where you can try so many different textures and flavor in one sitting. So it really is an experience to have dim sum with a close group of pals because food always seems to bring us just a little bit closer.
5	Hands down best dim sum in the Valley. I've taken different groups of friends here on EVERY Sunday in the past two months, skipping only Easter, and have eaten like it's my last meal on Earth every time. All of my friends including Alex loved it and agree that it's the best dim sum in town right now. It's totally worth it even with the long drive from North Scottsdale and ridiculous weekend highway closures. Looks like I might be there again next Sunday...
3	What a difference from the other location on Ray Rd...The place is rundown and the service was AWFUL.  We were at the restaurant over the weekend for dinner.  The restaurant was less than half full with mostly Chinese people.  So we thought this could be promising.  When we sat down, the lady gave us the Chinese menu which is understandable...you know, b/c we are Asian.  But everything on the menu was just too authentic like duck's feet or pig's intestines and so we were just sitting there thinking...what should we do....Then we overheard the people sitting behind us ordering Orange Chicken, Kang Pao beef, etc.  When their waiter was about to pass us, we asked for the menu he was carrying and there you go, it was the English menu we are totally used to...whew.  So we ordered the soup, friend rice, and seafood dish.  The wait for our food was around 40min or so...just sitting there waiting, starving.....In the mean time, the glowing fast food drive through menu was calling us from across the street through the window...that was not fun.  When we finally got our food, we asked for steamed rice....it NEVER came.  At that point, we were done.  We just sat there ate what was available and left.  So why 3 stars? Because the food was pretty good.*Food = everything was pretty good.  IF you are not used to the authentic Chinese food, be sure to ASK for the English menu or you will waste your time.*Service = HORRIBLE.  If you are hungry and ready to eat dinner, go somewhere else*Location = it is in the same complex as Lee Lee's Market so it is convenient I guess.*Decor = horrid
4	I was a dim sum virgin until yesterday!  My wonderful wife Audrey W was there to share my experience with me as were Dottsy Z, Donald S, Marian and Kevin H.  And Dottsy has pictures too!  And wow did I get off cheap!  The best dim sum I have ever had!  Honestly, the only dim sum I have ever had!  I'm so glad I had other yelpers that were experienced to share it with and help me enjoy the first time!Seriously, Phoenix Palace has really good dim sum.  I enjoyed nearly everything I tried, there was tremendous variety and high quality through and through.  I was not quite as adventurous as some of the more experienced folks at the table.  I did pass on a dish that featured tripe.  Sorry.  Maybe I wasn't ready to go all the way.The review trend has risen over the last few months.  I think I heard there was a change in ownership or management or possibly a new chef.  Or all of the above.  I don't know but it was good.For 6 people and loads of food the total was just under $70.  Unreal.Great lunch spot for dim sumderful variety and a total bargain.  Phoenix Palace is in the same parking lot as Lee Lee Oriental Supermarket so you can fill up on dim sum before you do your shopping.  Then you'll spend less when you go shopping.  Never go shopping hungry.
5	Jim W had an interesting thread the other day "what do you miss?"I don't miss many things about living in the bay, but getting my dim sum fix once a month or so is one of them.I had my office on Market St. and I had a Yank Sing in the alley right behind my building...I could go for dim sum at lunch, let the dishes pile up and waddle back to my office for nice long afternoon nap:)If I felt more ambitious, I could walk up to Chinatown to Delicious, New Fortune and Yong Kee for some of the most remarkable food this side of Hong Kong!It was especially pleasant when we got 4-5 of us to go, and just sit and talk and eat for couple of hours...the art of dim sum:)With that in mind, I headed out for the near reaches of Chandler this past Saturday.Jim and Audrey W. organized a dim sum outing at the Phoenix Palace Buffet (I frankly didn't notice the buffet...I'm sure it was there and very good...I was just too busy pointing at bamboo steamers and bowls and plates and saying "give me that one please":)Jim organized the outing after fellow Yelper Helen Y had noted that this place had changed ownership, chefs, etc., and is now quite good! (I now have 2 things to be grateful to Helen Y. for...helping us find good dim sum in greater Phoenix and allowing me to become a citizen of the Republic of Sweet:)We were joined on our outing by Kevin H (in an interesting side note, Kevin got ROTD for...Phoenix Palace Buffet on the exact same day that we went for dim sum!!! What are the odds!?:), Marian H. and Dottsy Z. The Beautiful Carin wasn't able to make it...she had a little stomach bug and stayed in bed:( I was going to stay home and take care of her, but the lure of potentially good dim sum was too great!:)Off I went with cheery wave and a lilting "feel better" hanging in the air as the door slammed before she changed her mind and asked me to stay around and nurse her back to health:) She's a strong girl...I knew she would pull through:)Boy, am I glad I went!The company and conversation were wonderful...everyone cheered me up about having to leave my better half at home (and as anyone who knows us will attest, Carin really is the better half...maybe the better 75%:)It was a perfect dim sum afternoon! We talked, pointed at the carts, ate, talked and ate, talked and ate:) I think dim sum is as much about conversation and relaxation as about the food...but having said that, having great food really adds to both the conversation and relaxation factor of a great dim sum lunch...and the food was remarkable!It was so good! There might be a couple of shops that top this place in SFO, but not by much...it's that good!We had all the standards, shrimp rolls, pork buns, pork dumplings, shrimp dumplings, sticky rice (outstanding sticky rice, BTW).We had some of the non-standards, tripe, chive dumplings...all delicious and served up with smile!The service was very good...there were always carts in close proximity, and if you saw something a few tables away and flagged a server down, they always made their way over to help you out:) drinks were refilled promptly, and the empty dishes were moved out to make room for new arrivals.The biggest surprise came at the end of our lunch...the total for 6 of us was less than $70!!!I used to spend more than that for dim sum lunch for 2 in SFO (and twice that much in HK)! Amazing!Jim, thanks for organizing! It was a great lunch with a fun group!It's great to know where to get my dim sum fix!
4	I have been here when it was still a buffet when they first opened. I wasn't too thrilled as it was like any other buffet. The only cool thing I thought was the ice cream selection. Well that was then this is now...On a very hungry late evening a fellow yelper Clifford and I were gonna meet up for some Chinese food. We were headed to our favorite spot on the east side. When I got there it was 5 min from closing and Clifford was still 15 min away. After discussing some options I made it down to Dobson and Warner to find Phoenix Palace open till 10. After giving Clifford a ring we met up there and gave it a shot. Upon entering I noticed that the place was empty, but not common on a monday night and with all the other places in the area closing early the complex is usually dead by 9. The place no longer having any buffet tables and many of the awful decor gone it could be promising. Seeing that their menu had some of my favorite dishes I thought I give it a shot. So some Spicy Salt and Pepper Pork Chop, Salted Fish Fried Rice and Beef Stew Hotpot. Wow! Were we surprised with the food, especially this late at night. The pork chops were well seasoned to how they should be and very crispy on outside and juicy on the inside. The beef stew was wonderful, the meat was well cooked and the large pieces of the green onion was a great touch of flavor. The salted fish fried rice was not so great, it was very under seasoned and the portions for the fish and chicken were not a large as some places are with this dish. On my second visit I tried a different fried rice dish and same thing very under seasoned. It seems like that the chef has very strong dishes and some other dishes are not so strong. I have yet to try the dim sum but i'm sure this is going to be very good as well.
5	1/25/2009 -- Wrong, wrong, wrong! I have eaten here four or five times since then. Helen Y. says Phoenix Palace acquired a master dim sum chef -- who now brings a relentless attack of treats every weekend.Love the pan-fry cart with chive dumplings and rice noodles. Also, I don't have much of a sweet tooth, but the snow mountain buns are fantastic, custard-filled delights.  I think they might not be good for you. If you have a few hours to kill late on a Sunday morning, I can't imagine anything better than eating dim sum at PHX Palace with friends and family.
4	We shop at Lee Lees all the time (in the same shopping center), and we had eaten at Phoenix Palace back when it was a buffet, but it was only recently that we realized that they now serve dim sum everyday. So today we rushed over there to check it out. The wife, while born and raised in the Philippines, is of Chinese descent and grew up around this stuff. When you consider that, along with the fact that our first date was ten days together in Hong Kong (dim sum heaven), you can see that the bar is pretty high for us when it comes to dim sum. Now, we know we cannot expect Hong Kong or even San Francisco quality in Phoenix necessarily. Still, the food at Phoenix Palace was quite good overall. We were not disappointed. We had two types of shu mai, along with har gow, jellyfish, barbecue pork buns, sesame balls, pot stickers, and spring rolls. We missed the chicken feet, which is one of Carol's favorites, but we'll get to that next time. All was great, but the har gow especially stood out. It was a quite different flavor than what we have had at Golden Buddha, C-Fu or any of the other local places. Everything was yummy though. The service, on the other hand, was mixed. It started out nice, with a friendly greeting by the guy that seated us. But it went downhill from there. Its not that they were rude or unfriendly. It was more like benign neglect. The carts came around quickly enough, but once we had the food we did not see anyone again until it was time to settle the bill. No refills, in other words. That said, at least the glasses were large and we had a pot of hot tea, so it was not the end of the world. Another gripe--no chile oil. I  think I'll bring my own next time. Or maybe we just caught them on a bad day.The food was a four or a five by local standards, while the service was a two or a three. Since I can't give 3.5 stars I'll go with four. It's really nice to see a growing number of decent dim sum restaurants in town. Hopefully this is a trend that will continue. By the way, they have a take out counter also, as well as a regular menu. We'll check that out sometime in the future and report back.
4	um... two lobsters with noodles for only $19, which is great!
5	This is really traditional Chinese Dim Sum. As a picky eater, this is our newest favorite Dim Sum place in the East Valley. This is also our official meetup place for people to learn Chinese table manners and learning Chinese Language. We meet every few weeks on Sunday. You can also take out the Dim Sum, which we usually do when there is crowd. This place used to be empty when they started few years ago. Now the word of mouth brought them so many customers. You will have to wait in you come after 11:30AM. A friend of mine come down there every week from fountain hills to meet with us. The staff is very nice and friendly. They also have a quiet room for reservation if you have party of 10 more. If you are shopping at Lee Lee supermarket, you don't want to miss this Dim Sum place.
3	Um.... their dim sum still maintain its quality. However, their regular dishes do not taste that good anymore. I heard that they changed the chef and that could explain why.We stop going there for dinner because of that. Besides, I can get the better quality with lower price from China King, C Fu, Jade House, China Max and Jong Wah.One note is that C Fu offer wider variety of live fish too, it is not only live Tilapia, but also live Sea Bass and another one which I forgot its name.
3	very typical dim sum. i don't know why it's still called a buffet though since they are no longer a buffet.
4	Does anybody know how to eat chicken feet?  This is my second time going to Phoenix Palace and everytime they offer me the chicken feet, I always decline. Not because of way they might taste, but i don't know what part of the foot to eat!  We'll i ask some of my coworkers who have tried it and filled me in on how to eat those suckers!I love this place because they have a good amount of dim sum dishes you can try.  I usually go for the gai lan (chinese broccoli w/ oyster sauce) and the chow mein, which they give a very small portion.  But all things i have tried are great.  Other dim sum places are great but i tend to order alot of things that it's kinda pricey after picking too much stuff.  The reason i like this place is it's a little cheaper then the others places nearby.  And the staff a very friendly on letting you know what the dim sum varieties are.  Great Place!
3	Came here just once on a Saturday and it was busy.  Lucky though, we got there when they had just opened and since they have private rooms for large gatherings, it seemed like we had the whole place (or room) to ourselves.We had several traditional Chinese dishes, but from the aromas and the crowds, I'm guessing the Dim Sum was really good.  The family style dish portions were good and the food was fresh and tasty.  However, I do wish they used just a little less sesame oil to cook the dishes, which were on the oily side.  Parking was okay, but the shopping center gets packed fast on the weekends.  Restrooms were very clean too (a plus at Asian restaurants).
1	I went here with a friend for lunch looking to try something different. We knew it would be a bit awkward for us gringos walking into a place that is geared towards Asians with foul hanging in the window.To be seated we were asked if we were there for lunch or dim sum, we said lunch and were escorted to the cheap seats.Upon viewing the menu, I realized there were virtually no vegetarian options. The only thing I saw was the fried tofu.  The included egg drop soup was not vegetarian either.  When my meal finally came, it was not what I expected. It was basically nine battered and fried pieces of tofu with rice on the side. Despite looking quite good, the batter was devoid of any flavor, and the tofu was extremely soft which was not the ideal texture. This meal was not too cheap either and I left hungry. At least for lunch this is far from being on my list of places to go.PS this is not a buffet despite the name
4	This is my new favorite place for Dim Sum in the valley.  We have dim sum at least once a month and have tried Great Wall, Golden Buddha, China King and C-Fu gourmet.  I believe that Phoenix Palace is the best of the bunch.Here is why:1.  Food quality:  Every dish was prepared perfectly.  Most were slightly above the other restaurants in term of taste.  There were exceptions (we like the shrimp stuffed eggplant best at C-Fu, and the chow mein better at Golden Buddha), but in general, this place was better.2.  Cleanliness:  Not that other places are not clean, but this place was spotless3.  Price:  We order almost the same thing at most dim sum restaurants as we have our favorite dishes.  We ordered more than usual here this morning to try some things (10 dishes total) and our bill was $25.78.  We usually average $33-$35 at the other places, and we brought quite a bit home4.  Selection:  I have seen that the selection has decreased at the other places as their clientele diminishes.  For instance at Golden Buddha, one of the original dim sum places in the valley, you would wait at least 30 minutes if you did not get there before 11am.  Now it seems that the place is barely full, regardless of when you arrive.  As a result, the selection seems to have gone down.  At Phoenix Palace, we simply could not order everything.  When we left, there were still many things that we had still not tried.  We also had a few things that we had never had before (very surprising since we have dim sum so often)5.  Location:  I live in the Ahwatukee area, so this is slightly closer than Golden Buddha, and far closer than Great Wall.
5	WOW!!...This was the first time I tried Dim Sum in Phx and i was really surprised to find something really good. The place looks small from the outside but its a good size dim sum place. The service was fast and good...they came around the carts frequently. We mostly had the shrimp stuff and it was EXCELLENT!Great find and cheap...we both had a good amount until we were full and the bill came to $16!!!
5	My favorite dim sum in the East Valley... generally the best of the best rotates every other year... as chef's move or some new hot shot comes in from Cali or HK...  for the moment.. it's here!Another cool part is that, though not as fresh by the time you take it to go, is you could order dim sum off the menu... or on the right as you enter, some of the dim sum is there ready for you to take home for an impromtu meal or snack.Haven't done dinner here yet, sort of scared too in case the dishes don't live up to the spectucular yum of its dim sum!
4	Ok, not good or recommended if you are a vegetarian, but if you are not and like to share food...this is a nice place to come with friends and try different options from their dim sum!!! I don't remember even one name of the things I've tried, so yes...it was really useful to have a Chinese friend with us.
5	Terrific dim sum!  It's your standard Monterey Park style Cantonese seafood joint and I mean that as the highest compliment. It's also very busy and thus, very fresh.At peak dim sum times, it's usually full and the crowd is 95% Chinese.  Everything is fresh and authentic and also extremely cheap.  Not much more to say about - it's like any dim sum place in Southern California or Hong Kong.The last time we were there, one of the chefs (who was Chinese and could only speak Cantonese, despite what the other reviewer seems to be implying) came by our table with a hot hotel tray full of sweet pastries just out of the oven.  They were superb.  Highly recommended if you're in the area (next to the Chandler Lee Lee market).  If you're looking for Kung Pao chicken, this is not the place for you.Hard for a couple to spend more than $25 here.
3	That's right I tried it again... I'm a sucker for torture. Reading all the reviews about the "Yummy in my tummy" Dim sums being served here I decided to be part of that action. It must have been a slow day (Thursday 12:30) but there weren't any fresh carts around and thus my First Round of traditional dump sum was a crashing failure (sticky skins with dimsums collapsing on touch)The second round I decided to go with the non-skin offerings (bbq pork, chicken feet and beef tendon[with curry powder, blech!!]). Not very impressive, though the chicken feet was quite good, jalapeno in the marinating sauce !?. The redeeming dish was the desert tray which came out fresh and hot. The bean and pork buns were heavenly.Will try this out with my Zong guo peng you tomorrow (3rd time better be the charm)Third round
4	Was really really really busy on sunday for dim sum but still everything was sooooo good, expect the duck. If it wasn't for the duck I would have given the place 5 stars. I highly recommend the shrimp dumplings, noodles, and pork & corn dumplings. Great staff, friendly and reasonable price.
4	First things first ... contrary to its name, this place is not a Buffet, at least in the traditional sense. Also - Dim Sum Hours are limited, so check their website.Three of us went to Phoenix Palace to celebrate a friend's birthday and enjoy a nice Dim Sum brunch. We were promptly greeted and seated at a nice table in the aisle (which is by the way prime seating - the carts were whizzing by offering all kinds of delectable things). I was happy to find that the vast majority of customers (90% or more) were Asian and heard quite a bit of Cantonese and Mandarin being spoken, so I know this place must be close to authentic to garner this kind of "street cred" among the Asian crowd. By noon, the place was almost chock full. So point of advice, get there by 11 AM to get a good table and avoid a wait. The Dim Sum on offer was overall very good, very tasty. The skin items (dumplings) were very good, and the pork buns were also very good (though a little bit more pork might have been a bit better). Overall the portion sizes were decent (three of most things, four of other things), and I could conceivably see one filling up here for under $10 easily, but we had a birthday to celebrate after all. The only thing that was under par was the rice noodle shrimp, which is basically a giant rice noodle wrapped around shrimp then steamed, it was just a tad over steamed. I had a nice rice congee with Chao Quay (fried bread), which reminded me of Indonesia (we called it Chakwe there - almost the same thing) ... oh the memories... but I digress. Service was prompt, efficient, and the quality was good. Staff were responsive to our questions about what things were and what they had. Also I didn't see the congee cart and asked the waitress if they had congee, she said yes and asked me what kind I wanted, and she ran over to the cart and got me my congee. Excellent service. The price was very good ... we had a total of 14 dishes between the three of us, plus tea service for me, and iced tea for one, and water for the other. The total bill was about $40 for three people, which I have to say is less than the tab for the three of us at other brunch locales downtown (though to be fair, it was quite a lot of food). Overall, a great place for the Dim Sum neophyte. Though perhaps not the caliber of places in San Francisco or even the mecca of Dim Sum (Hong Kong), this is certainly one of the better places in the valley for Dim Sum. Positives:  A good example of traditional Dim Sum (if not a perfect one),                 Good food, great place for groups. Good service. The place                  is also VERY clean. Negatives:  For me this is a positive, but a due warning to Westerners with ideas of being "culturally superior" or otherwise demanding tourists:  Goinghere is akin to a mini trip to Hong Kong or even China. Be aware that eating Dim Sum is not just a different culinary experience, but also is about participating in a different culture and pace of life. Have an open mind, and above all BE PATIENT. So if you don't see the carts (or the cart you want) coming by for a few of minutes, chill out, enjoy your tea or other beverage, and relax. If you can't handle this, go to a Chinese Buffet. Oh yes, and before I forget, GRADES:Overall:   A- (no other demerits taken other than mentioned below)Service:  A-  (The only major demerit on service was that the English                        spoken by some of the cart pushers was not intelligible                       however this is excusable as this is a Chinese place -                        the "specials" board was completely in Chinese)Food:   A-  (A good example of traditional Dim Sum. Some demerits                    include over steamed Shrimp rice noodle [some firmness                   is better], the Har Gao (shrimp dumplings) were good,                    but on the verge of being over-steamed)Drinks:  No Grade (we did not consume any alcoholic beverages, so no grade is given in this category - though I have to say my Oolong tea was delicious).
5	Good dim sum - and the prepared dishes looked excellent, too, but I only had the dim sum.  4 1/2 stars rounded up to 5 because they gave me a free sesame bun!  I'd like that special board translated into English...
4	So my wife and I, and her brother and SIL, went for dim sum this past Saturday.  We went due to the good reviews on Yelp and also the fact that both C-Fu and China restaurant in Chandler are going downhill really fast.  I would say that the dim sum was pretty good and that is why I gave it four stars.  The pricing for most of the dim sum choices are also pretty good.  They have a wide variety of dishes and all kinds of sweets, meats, stews, etc. etc.  Another thing we like is that you can order a combo of three different dim sum treats if they are the same price since a single order is for three thingies anyway.  This makes it very easy to try some things that you might not have seen or tried before.  Again, the food is pretty darn good.  Now a couple of criticisms -- the tables need Lazy Susan's on them.  We ordered so many dishes that you just cannot reach across the table to try all the things.  The other criticism is that the meats that are cut and served at the dim sum tables is priced outrageously from how they are priced at the BBQ counter.  For instance, you can get a whole roast duck for $16.50 at the BBQ counter, but at the tables about a quarter of a duck will run you $7.00, which equates to $28.00 for a whole duck.  Same thing for the roast pork.  At the BBQ counter, a pound of roast pork will cost you $8.95, but at the table, about 6 oz. will run $7.00 which equates to about $18 per pound.  I realize that the table service should be a little more, but not that high!  And on top of all that, you cannot go buy a pound of roast pork at the BBQ counter and bring it in to the table and eat it with your other dim sum choices.
3	First time I've ever been introduced to Dim sum via some foodie friends.   The name is deceiving as it's not a buffet, they wheel around carts with tons of food variants on them and you choose what you want off the cart - they write on your ticket... you eat... good deal.So I don't know half of the stuff I ate but it was all good with the exception of some pork balls I had a slight issue with the texture... I'm a white guy from the midwest, never had this stuff before, give me a break lol.I do, however remember the Snow Mountain Rolls I believe they were called?  Sugary pastry with a very good creme filling... kind of like a creme-filled doughnut but not :/  Super good tho.Dumplings... they were awesome, and also a safe bet if you don't know what to get.  I'd go back but only with foodie friends that help me decide what to eat :)Also... a table of 5 ate for like 50 bucks... that surprised me greatly with the amount of food we had on the table... to the point there wasn't any room left!
4	i'm a creature of habit.  if it ain't broke, don't fix it.  if you found a gem, stop looking for a replacement gem.we're talking China King.  we thought we found mecca.1 mile from homedecent pricestastes greatstanding room only with a lotta jet black haired people lined upa happy placeour sunday morning after church go towe had tried phoenix palace dim sum when it 1st opened (everything for $2.25, even the normally $3 and up stuff?)  how bad can it be?we left the place saying, "what was that we just ate"not bad, just not memorableback to our happy place (china king)then through the chinese-restaurant gossip vine, we hear that it's under new management and it's the place to be.we reluctantly meet our family there with low expectations ready to go home afterwards to eat something else to take up the slackmuch to our surprise, this place has changed.the prices are comparable, the place is 95% full, and we were wondering where the standing room only crowd that we use to try and beat at 10:30 at china king were ending up at.they're here.with us.from now on.dare i try the place on the southwest corner of dobson and warnerno way josewild horses couldn't drag me therethe new happy placeyou should try itit will be your new happy placeit's late, i'll stop now
5	so we order 7 dishesgo ahead, take a guess what that adds up to before taxes?WRONG!  can you say $15.75? divide that by 7 and you get $2.15 perit's a flat rate (none of the multi-tiered pyramid ramp up pricing)the stuff that we usually order that falls into the 2nd and 3rd tier pricing structure was all $2.15!this is a sign of the times ladies and gentlemenif you wanna pay more  and impress your inlaws and friends, go and eat at the other places
4	I love dim sum.This place has all the regular stuff plus their own creations.  All of the items we tried were great.It's a delicious and inexpensive place to enjoy a weekend meal with friends.My favorite dish is the chicken feet!
4	A really nice Chinese restaurant in Arizona :) It was recommended by people in my Chinese church, and it makes me feel like home (Hong Kong) every time I go there (the food, the music, the people...)!! :D I personally think that the dim sum is better than C-fu and China King (but dinner in China King isn't bad :p, just that I think the dim sum's better here). Me, my family and my church friends frequent this restaurant ever since. :)Haven't tried eating dinner here though, but will try that probably tomorrow night with family! :p
4	Tried this place for the first time last weekend.  The food was good, plentiful and relatively cheap.  I really like their sticky rice and steamed ginger tripe.  The roast duck was also tasty.
5	I must say this is the best Dim Sum that I have ever have in my life and the best service at a Chinese restaurant I think I will ever get. The setup is typical as any other Chinese Dim Sum place but everyone from the hostess to waiter to busboy is friendly as can be.  Everything is delicious and super fresh from chicken feet(urgh.....but according to my BFF Cathy it's great) to home made egg custard tart(best thing I have ever put into my mouth). Must try:Ginger TripeEgg custard tartChicken feetChinese broccoli with oyster sauce( perfectly cooked both at the stalk and leaves with the right amount of oyster sauce....who could imagine veggie could be so good)Sticky riceTaro ballsYour tummy and taste bud would thank you.Enjoy :)
5	My wife and I come here a lot, I grew up eating sunday dim sum in the valley, and being chinese, i didnt really have a choice back then! lol..  They have a lot of the traditional dishes you see at all of the other dim sum restaurants in arizona, and more!! my favorite is jia leung (sp) breakfast donut wrapped in rice noodle with a sweet soy dressing and scallions..  SO  GOOD!!
2	This is not a buffet.I went in on a Tuesday 7 PM. The place was dead.I got the hot and sour soup which was pretty good.5.95. Pretty good portion. Split between 3 people.XO sauce spicy fried rice...NOT spicy at all. Very bland.Probably won't get that again.Assorted veggies plate with rice...it was okay.Wasn't the best I ever had but not bad either.Service was kind of slow, as it took a while to get seated when there was nobody else in the restaurant,and longer than I would like for them to take my order.You have to ask for ice waters if you want it otherwise they won't give it to you.You only get tea :pThey pour your tea for you and serve your soup for you which is kind of nice.But the food... nothing too special to drive a long way for.Overall, I don't think I will go again, but I guess its a good place to get to go stuff if you're into that.I also noticed they do dim sum till 3 PM.
3	Great dim sum. Long wait, so come early, especially over the weekend. Can be confusing at first but don't worry, you'll get the hang of it. Good food but probably won't be back.....
5	We eat here at least twice a month.There are two things that set this place apart from most other dim sum restaurants in America, never mind just in Phoenix.1. A chef who loves to bake.  The head chef, Sam, is constantly baking up really delicious specials.  These are typically sweets/desserts and they are awesome.  He will come out to the tables on a busy weekend with a hot baking sheet full of pastries.  If he offers, by all means, take some!2. Extremely accommodating service.  We take all of of friends there and that includes some very picky eaters, as well as kids.  I've never seen any restaurant go to such lengths to make sure everybody is happy, including making all kinds of off-menu items to satisfy the pickiest eaters.Bottom line, it rocks!
5	We were visiting friends in Scottsdale and they brought us to eat here - twice.  We had a great dinner here on new years eve with my favorites - hot and sour soup and peking duck (among other things).  They had a huge private party going on, but pretty much gave us a private room with karaoke and served us pretty quickly. Despite getting here late, we still made it out of here in time to celebrate on our own.  We then returned for dim sum and were not disappointed. We had to wait a bit because we arrived late, but it was worth it.  The food was fresh and hot - and they had these desserts (snowballs or something) that we haven't found anywhere else. Our friends come here every weekend - and they are the ultimate foodies - so we were not disappointed.
4	This is a decent dim sum for the moment. The siu mai is my favorite, hot and fresh! Char Siu Bao is good too. Not dry and over steamed.The hargow was a little funky. The wrapper was a bit too thick and chewy, giant chunks of shrimp, but not too much flavor.  Same with the sticky rice, it had a funny aftertaste....too much lap cheong (chinese sausage) This place is not a buffet.  It used to be one before and I think they just kept the name.  Get there early, (before noon) if you want to have more selection and fresher dim sum!
5	I don't believe this restaurant has a buffet for dinner any longer. Tucked into the most Asian intersection in Phoenix, Phoenix Palace is a gigantic open space of a dining room and looks like a very authentic place. There are always tables of Chinese men drinking coffee and catching up on weekend nights. On Friday and Saturday nights, you'll be able to catch Chinese karaoke night from about 10PM on. They serve fantastic food. Nothing here (at least on the menu they give us whiteys) is really out of the norm from your normal Chinese place. They have a couple of dishes I'm not accustom to, but mostly is the familiar Kung Pao, Beef & Broccoli, Hot and Sour Soup, etc.The food here was delicious, service was perfect, and the atmosphere was truly one of a kind for Phoenix. If you'd have asked me a month ago where you could go for Chinese karaoke, I'd have said San Francisco, Los Angeles, or New York City. Well, now I know, and my life is complete. I wouldn't hesitate to go back here for more meals. The food is incredbly tasty and fresh.
1	beware of the hidden  65 cent surcharge per person for tea even if you don't drink tea?  really.The crazy thing is, i'm sure no one even notices the extra cost because who checks the bill?When I mentioned it to the cashier, she was stuttering and stammering and started to back pedal and said  "oh, is this your 1st time?  we can remove it from the bill"I said forget it, keep it.i usually tip 20-30% but i'll just let them keep their meager 65 per charge.  yeah, really worth losing a customer for?my 4 year old daughter even gets the gratuitus tea party charge and she only drinks water.gone are the $2.15 per item flat rate (can you say bait and switch?)$2.35 PER so now they're no different from the rest of the dim sum places.as sneaky as C-FOO trying to strong arm the 15% gratuity (which failed miserably and lost us and about 100 of our friends as customers)so in a down economy, you're supposed to raise your prices and sneak in stealthy surcharges?it's the chinese way i guessback to china king for us.  sorry china king for being disloyal with having a brief and sordid affair with the palace.will you forgive us? haha
4	Weekends here are very busy, but there is good reason why!  We got here around 12:45, and while there were a lot of people waiting for tables around the entrance, it took ~15-20 minutes for our number to be called for a party of 4.  Once you are there, carts come by fairly often, so you are not waiting too long for the next dim sum items.  They have the standard items such as shu mai, har gow, chicken feet, taro and turnip cake, bbq pork bao, as well as a few rarer items such as breaded seafood roll (very good btw), and beef tendon.  I was disappointed that they didn't have my favorite sticky rice wrapped in lotus leaf, but after eating so much food it didn't really matter too much to me.  They also had some jook/congee (egg and pork or dry scallop).  We tried the scallop congee and it was just OK, not a lot of flavor in the broth.  Each item is a little over $2 unless you get a specialty item such as some sort of veggie plate (we had a plate of marinated green beans) which will be $5 and up.  Generally, the quality of the food is very good, and you will leave very full with not too much of an empty wallet.
1	I really want to give NO STAR. This is absolutely the worst restaurant ever. No service. Had to get my own water jug to pour my own water.  and the food is absolutely horrible. i wouldn't call it chinese food. i wouldn't even call it asian food. It's edible. that all i can say.  It's a restaurant to fool white people who never had real chinese cuisine.  It's lucky its in AZ, because if this food court were in CA, it would never survive.  NO chinese ppl with a decent palate will ever walk into this imitation panda express which is worse than panda express.  i feel sorry for AZ residents where good cuisine is really lacking.
2	I was just there this morning.  And again about two weeks ago.  I think the food is still pretty good and they changed their stupid pricing policy about not being able to buy BBQ at the deli and then sitting down and ordering some other dishes and eating some BBQ that we just bought.  But my gripe this morning is the crappy customer service.  I hate to generalize, but many Chinese restaurants have crappy attitudes about customers and feel that they are doing the customers a favor by taking our money and patronage.  I was there at 10 am the opening time to buy some BBQ.  I waited until 10:10 before they opened the doors, although the people saw me standing there.  And when I walked in, it took them another five minutes to grumpily ask me what I wanted.  Again, hate to generalize by many Chinese and Korean restaurants are like this.  Why is that?  Must be the heritage or something.
1	Absolutely terrible. Had 2 meals delivered, this was horrible. Both dishes. They should be paying me.  I ordered delivery and due to the minumum was required to spend a certain dollar amount, no problem, ordered two entrees, figured I'd have the other the next day.  The food delivered was as if it had been sitting in a bin for many hours as everything came dried out, cold and no flavor.  the sweet and sour shrimp didn't even have the sweet and sour sauce.  they gave these little to go packets of hot sauce and duck sauce.  First and last time I eat from this place.  I can't find away to take away the one star I've given this place.  Oh well
4	Hello awesome! Love this restaurant - their dim sum is delicioussss! They've got great selections, and I love being able to head over to their bakery area and snag a couple bun things to go. Service is not so great - but seriously - what do you expect, it's really not unusual for this sort of setup. I would give it 5 stars except that I hate their char-siapao - the bbq bun - this is one of my faves, since I was a little kid and theirs taste blech. I go here often, and stuff my face - awesome food for an awesome price.
3	I am not partial to Chinese food.  I will never eat it alone or if the dining option is left for me to decide.  Chinese cuisine is something I find mediocre in general.  That said a 3 star rating from me should be viewed as impressive as I'll always be a tough customer when it comes to Chinese food.Beef lo mein was my dish of choice.  The noodles were good and it was served with ample cuts of beef.  I was impressed that the noodles weren't as veggie heavy as I've had at other places.  Typically it does not take very long before I'm picking over vegetation in search of noodles and/or meat.My friend ordered squid with ginger and he was very impressed.  He lived with a Chinese woman for 2 years so he knows a thing or two about Chinese food.  He liked Phoenix Palace a lot.The complimentary tea was good and a nice touch to the meal. Oddly enough this is the only Chinese restaurant I have visited and not received a fortune cookie at the end of the meal.
4	Being from Orange County, I grew up eating at some really great Dim Sum places. Though this place doesn't quite have the variety and the atmosphere of other places I've been to, the food is pretty good. Being from Phoenix, it's a bit of a drive to come out here to eat, however, it's conveniently located in an shopping center with Lee Lee's (Asian grocery) and a Boba tea place. There's also a Pho restaurant in the same lot, though I've never tried it.
3	Not only surprised to even find Dim Sum in Phoenix but to find good Dim Sum was a great find!!!
1	Dim sum was ok...hot tea cup is there for each plate...they will charge u all even if one person drinks!
5	Not a buffet, but really good restaurant overall. Definitely not a "five-star" establishment in the traditional sense, but if you want good Chinese food at good prices with a true Chinese restaurant feel, this is a good place.
5	After dim summing at the Chinese Cultural Complex and the Great Wall in Phoenix, I feel confident declaring this the Valley winner for Dim Sum. I've been here a number of times over the years and have had a delicious experience each time. The key is to get there before 11:00AM so you don't have a long wait. Any time after 11:15AM pretty much guarantees the place will be packed to the brim.  Also, they run out of snowballs after 11:00AM and that is pretty much the most awesome pastry ever. PPB has loads of carts roaming around so you are never without food, and the prices are great. Obviously the bigger your party the lower your bill will be, no matter how much more you order. It's dim sum insanity! Seriously, who can eat 'regular' chinese food again after a healthy dose of steamed dumplings, soups, chicken feet and light fluffy pastries? Do yourself a favor and make the drive to Phoenix Palace Buffet!
3	In Mesa/Gilbert/Chandler area, this place is as good as it gets for dimsum. Coming from southern CA with delicious dimsum, I would say the choices here are decent, the table arrangements are pretty comfortable, and the setting is friendly and full of families. It's a great place for an outing or a casual event and just sipping tea (we ordered the Chrysanthemum Tea with flowers).Actually, the best thing about this restaurant is the price. It's affordable. I came with 6 people total and we ate our hearts out. The price came out to be no more than $11 including tip per person. Only tidbit is I enjoy flavored food, and the food here is a little more bland than I prefer. Request some yellow mustard and chili spices to dip your dishes in and flavor up your food!
3	Yesterday 07-09-11 I had my first dim sum. It was ok. Too many bread items. The girl with the fried chicken and egg rolls, etc walked so fast I couldn't get her attention. I left their without eating any meat. Not by choice. I would go back and eat off the regular menu. Plus, I was the only one out of 200 that wasn't Asian. That has to tell you something about the food.
4	I don't know why I haven't written a review of this place yet.  Been there at least 5 times; well I do enjoy dim sum; and really enjoy Phoenix Palace.  The moon cakes; are wonderful pastries that I always have to get when I'm there.  The only draw back is the "waiting" area; it's not very large and just like Great Wall; it can get very crowded very fast.  I'm definately a fan!!!
2	07/20/112.75 stars.Was shopping for tamarind candy and pan de sal at Lee Lee's, whiling away time before I was to meet an aunt at Mekong Plaza to dine at one (or two) of the food kiosks there, when I received a text from her saying she'd been in an accident.  Dropping everything, I met her at the scene.  An hour and a half later (she's not hurt, and the other driver was ticketed), I was starving for nourishment and aunt was not, so we headed back to the Lee Lee plaza to wait for her ride.  I was craving for noodles and was heading to Pho Van, when we walked by Phoenix Palace and decided I'd give it another try, as aunt gave it a green light, and I remembered from reading "recent" reviews that it was under "new"  management.  (Last time I visited was two years ago.)A child host greeted and sat us at a booth.  (OK, she's Asian, so she probably was 13 years old... I know how it is... when I was 18, people thought I was 12, and now I'm... well, let's just get back to the review, shall we?)  We both ordered water, and I studied the menu.  After about ten minutes, the server that kept walking by our table finally approached to ask if I we were ready to order.  I asked if the BBQ pork lo mein came w/ vegetables.  He said that the chow mein had mushrooms, but the lo mein would not have any veggies.  "No veggies?," I asked.  Can you add some?  He said, after some thought, "bok choy," and I said yes.  I also asked if broccoli and snow peas can be added.  He said OK.  "No celery, or carrots, OK?"  He nodded yes.  I also ordered a batch of crab puffs.The crab puffs arrived 15 minutes later, all golden-brown and smelled wonderful.  I liked the crunch of the fresh-from-the-fryer wonton wraps, but found that the sweetened cream cheese and crab filling too sweet.  I decided to eat a couple before the entree and save the rest for dessert.  (I found that I enjoyed the crab puffs more when I thought of it as a dessert, and not as an appetizer.)  The lo mein arrived four minutes after (19 minutes after time of order), looking delicious, but definitely cooked w/ carrots.  I didn't complain and let the matter drop.  I'd only expected bok choy, broccoli, and snow peas; Instead, I saw bok choy, carrots, cabbage, bean sprouts, spring onions, and garlic!  The exclusion of broccoli was A-OK- I hadn't really wanted it in there; I just didn't want "just bok choy."  The dish was very good!  Loved the sauce that it was sauteed in, though the BBQ pork was a little too fatty for my taste- I worked around it.  What I really didn't enjoy were the pieces of bitter bok choy.  Some were sweet, and after finding two bitter chunks, I thought I'd see if there was a reason why they were bitter.  A-ha!  Those that were bitter were bites close to bases of the stalks, which had particles that looked like dirt, while those that tasted sweet were cubed pieces, or stalks that didn't contain those dirt-like particles (see photos).  Needless to say, I felt less-enthused about the noodles after that.  Back to those crab puffs!Server was unobtrusive, but could be found, if I needed him.  The woman who gave me the ticket and my fortune cookie was very sweet...  OK, Phoenix Palace.  One more strike in a few months, or maybe two years, and you're out!http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rNqSjfRM09T-VOjRTAF66g?select=ygt_oEC7K_ukEGlFdMWpowhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rNqSjfRM09T-VOjRTAF66g?select=f7Ci-_b6cb0BZg3QgvZHYghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rNqSjfRM09T-VOjRTAF66g?select=PHZJQhzvrwBhmsxWV5aYDg
4	Best Dim Sum in the East Valley. Try to get there as early as 11AM for fresh and full cart of Dim Sum. If you go there late there won't be much left. I love baked bbq pork buns. Custard buns are great too, more custard than flours! Love it! Service can be slow on the weekends due to the big crowds.
5	still the best in AZ!  Tried an old spot that used to be good last week, definitely made me love this place even more..  Phoenix Palace, you are the KING!
3	Very efficient if at times pushy service which is not unusual for dimsum restaurants.  We were part of the first group in the restaurants so the carts hadnt ramped up.  What was surprising is that the first two carts driving one behind the other were packed with identical dishes.  It would have made sense if they travelled in different directions at least!The basic food items like shumai, shrimp dumplings, pork ribs in black bean sauce were decent.  We also ordered a plate of chow fun which was good.  Decent dim sum, perhaps slightly more efficient than c-fu gourmet across the intersection.
4	First of all, if you are going to have dim sum, go early during the weekend because that is when the quality and freshness are best. Also go in a large group so that the bill is less for everyone. I have been here a few times on Sunday mornings around 10 am and never have to worry about waiting for a table. They have a decent selection of dim sum dished. My usual's are the "footballs", the Hau gau, and the taro cakes, all of which are decent. If you wait long enough, you might be able to get your hands on the coconut pastries called "snow balls" which are very enjoyable. In a hungry group of 4, you can expect to pay $20-25 total as a group and not want to eat anything for the next 6-12 hours.
4	My parents came into town and insisted on having Chinese food, but I told them that I didn't think there would be any authentic Chinese food in the middle of a desert. Well...After stopping by the Lee Lee supermarket next door (uber Asian!) my parents and I wandered into this place, unsure of what it would hold... and lo and behold! Dim sum? Cantonese speaking servers? I was pleasantly surprised by how authentic this place was, with the push-around carts and the loud boss running around poking fun at his employees. Everything about this place made me feel like I was back home in NY eating in Chinatown... CONS: I got a little stomach ache from the 'lo mai gai' or rice wrapped in lotus leaf and unfortunately suffered from that for the rest of the day. I also think the seafood could have been fresher... Also, not too many choices but then again, if there's only a few authentic Chinese restaurants in the area, I won't complain if it's the run-of-the-mill dishes...PROS: The 'dan tat' or egg tart is pretty good, though I do prefer my crust to be a little more moist.
3	Today was my very first visit on Friday after Thanksgiving at 11:40am. The place was full like a weekend. I thought the hagow and shrimp and scallop dumplings had very thick skins, so I discarded them and just ate the fillings. There were no sui mai for an hour and just the same 2 carts going around and around. The sui mai were okay, but lacked shrimp and tasted a bit bland. Finally, some ham shui gok's (fried footballs stuffed with meat) came along with some sesame balls. We ordered the fried footballs and they were stone cold! I told the cart lady and she just shrugged her shoulders, like saying what could she do? Finally some panfried turnip cake came around and it was also cold. The trays of baked goodies came around often and they all looked very good, but we are more fans of the savory, rather than sweet so we felt that the variety was lacking in that department. We never saw any bean curd meat rolls, or stuffed peppers in black bean sauce either?I would give this place another try, but right now I feel The China King had better tasting dim sum plus you can order the fried footballs and turnip cake off the menu and know it will be hot upon arrival. The service staff were also rushing around past our table and that was a bit distracting. Maybe they were not expecting such a large crowd for a Friday?
4	Loved this place.  My best friend recommended it, she comes here every Sunday for dim sum brunch.  Service was fast, the carts came by every so often and almost everything we had was delicious - sticky rice, shrimp balls, shu-mai, pork buns, spare ribs and roast duck!  And best of all?  We paid only over $25+  for so much food!  A must try!
5	This is one of the best dimsum I have had in the US.The service was amazing. The food carts and bussers circle the dining room continuously and are there to drop off foodie pick up plates immediately. You can also ask for specific dishes if you need to. The food was excellent. They do not skimp on their items. All of the dimsum pieces were packed with meat and each dumpling was good for two large bites. The contents were juicy and flavorful. You can also choose from a few diffent flavors of hot tea, including oolong. A few of the dishes that were especially good were the stir fry noodles, Shanghai dumplings, and siu mai pork dumplings.Lastly, I was amazed at the price. For two people with about six dishes and drinks, it was under $20. I definitely recommend Phoenix Palace Buffet for anyone looking for dimsum in the Phoenix area.
4	Ok, so this place isn't my favorite dim sum ever (reigning title goes to Yank Sing in San Francisco).  But when I get that craving for some delicious carb focused dim sum, Phoenix Palace is where I go.  It's the best we know of in the valley to feed our fix and definitely affordable.  bbq pork buns are my favorite :)  So if you're looking for some good dim sum in the valley, head here, because you won't find better unless you head to SF or China.
4	This place has me seriously reconsidering where I live and contemplating a move to Chandler. This is where I find cultural hotspots like asian markets, boba cafes and finally....dim sum! The hubs and I tried dim sum in Central Phoenix at the Chinese Cultural Center - no bueno. We went once and never had an urge to go back.  We had almost given up hope in finding a decent dim sum place when we strolled upon Phoenix Palace Buffet. Dim Sum ends at 3pm and we stopped in at 2:30pm. They were still welcoming and stocked with fresh food choices. We tried their sticky rice, bbq pork buns, shrimp dumplings, rice noodles and taro cakes. One bite and we knew this place was legit. We are sooooo looking forward to when we can go there again. The only downside is that it's a good 30 minute drive to this area so we can't enjoy dim sum on a weekly basis like we used to in SoCal. Bummer.
4	I am only reviewing the Dim Sum.  Went there on a Saturday afternoon and man o man, it is packed to the gills!  Thank goodness we made a reservation for 18 and requested to seat in the main dinning room.  The dim sum carts were flying all over the aisles.  Some carts will stop by to ask what you like and some fly by without getting you a chance to see what is available.  We had so many dishes, so I will only comments on the ones that I remember.Pros:Lai Bak Go (Taro Fried Cakes) - Warm, perfected fried on both sides, and tastyShu Mai (Dumplings) - Pretty large sizes, good taste, and warmChar Sui Bao (Steamed BBQ Pork Buns) - BBQ was flavorful and steamed perfectlyPork and Preserved Egg Rice Soup - OMG, good!!!Gar Lear (Fried Bread wrapped with flat rice noodles) - Crispy bread, soft noodles, and mixed with the perfect soy sauce mixtureCon:Black bean with spare ribs - flavorless and oilyWhite Snow Buns - Deflated and undoneI need to come back!!!
5	Man oh Man!   Since leaving New York six and a half years ago I have been in search of good Chinese Food.  I had gotten to the point where I would have even settled for "decent".  A work colleague suggested that we dine here on the way to a corporate meeting.  While I realized that he was a native to the Phoenix Metro Area and had probably never even had the real thing, I trusted his palate and restaurant sense.  I was so pleased when we walked in and saw that the diners were predominately Asian.  I knew that  a great  Asian market was next door as well and these things were the first things that signaled to me that I was probably going to get good food.  I was thrilled to see familiar Dim Sum carts rolling through.  We were a party of 7 and shared around.  The food was fantastic!  Dim sum was fresh and succulent.  Our orders from the menu were equally delicious.  The veggies were fresh and brightly colored.  The tastes distinctive and delicious.  The Hot and Sour Soup was perfect filled with all kinds of Chinese mushrooms etc.  I was delighted and reminisced about the many fantastic dinners in Chinatown NY. This food was comparable.  I do not live close by, but I will be a regular there.  Chandler is clear on the other side of the World from me but I figure if Marco Polo could do it, so can I!  Phoenix Palace is the REAL Thing!!!  Friendly prompt service rounded out the experience.  Hooray for Phoenix Palace!
4	Busy, tasty, and courteous staff for Dim Sum!Dim sum is hard to come by in Phoenix.  Even more so good dim sum.  That's odd given the size of the Phoenix-Metro area and the asian/pacific islander population.  Phoenix Palace helps fill that hole in a shopping area that seems to be our version of Asian Town.Food and experience are what you know if you've lived in China, only minus the grand hall.  Pastries, seaweed salad, duck, sui mai, noodle and rice dished, bok choi, and other servings were all yummers, cooked well, and with fast-paced fun.  Clean restaurant and it was fun watching the nine year-old hostess manage the surges of customers.Staff was quick and accommodating.  As usual with dim sum, it can add up and become expensive if you get careless with taking too much.  Affordable if you don't go crazy.We'll be back...
5	Great, every time. INCREDIBLY CHEAP!!!!I always get the chicken feet, bao, and some steamed yellow pork thing.  ( I never remember the name).Always the same quality, always sweet people that work there. I love it...Actually... Now I want to eat there... Damn.
4	My default place to go for Dim-sum on weekend.  The best dim-sum on the east valley.  China King is closed, but Phoenix Palace is a bit cleaner.The take out counter is also great for getting a whole roasted duck/chicken and a few pastries.
5	I was amazed! being a native San Franciscan where dimsum is readily available.. I find this gem in Arizona?? The prices were ridiculously cheap, food was hot and tasty..... bean curd, siu mai, chow mein, shrimp dumpling, EVERYTHING TASTED GREAT.. (beef balls were a little gamy) quick service, wide array of food and the best part is when the bill came.. $27 bucks?? for a whole lunch for 2.... that sealed the deal. Staff was friendly and polite. I will be back! :)
3	Was there for brunch yesterday with my entire family and my son's family -- 8 of us total.  Had many of the dim sum dishes and some of the specialty things as well.  Also ordered an order of beef chow funn and deep fried tofu.  The deep fried tofu was very good and prepared well--you can argue that it is hard to screw up fried tofu but I have some at other places that were not very well prepared.Overall, the dim sum we had was pretty good, but some things were slipping -- the black/bean spareribs (pai quat) was lacking in taste and the ribs were rather boney and lacking in meat.  The steam tripe was rather tasteless, and I never got my Chinese beef stew (naunam).  The staff is friendly but most don't speak English so you have difficulty asking questions or ordering things that are not on the cart (where you can just point to what you want).  If you call over the manager or the owner, then those guys speak English so you can get your questions answered.Their BBQ section has a nice variety of things, but their pricing is higher than other Chinese BBQ places and their products are mediocre at best.  For instance a whole roast duck is $18 here and the roast pork is $9.95 per pound.  Other places the average price for a roast duck is $16.50 and the roast pork is $8.50-$8.95 per pound.  And to top it all off, the taste is mediocre at best.  Same situation with the char siu.But all-in-all, I cannot really complain much.  The dim sum is priced right even if their BBQ is pricey.  So I will be back when my wife or my family wants dim sum again.
3	It's not a buffet, just the regular dim sum carts. Not very bustling and had to wait around a bit for carts (not slow, just not back-to-back like it is at busier places) but I like their sticky rice and pineapple buns a lot. Everything else a tiny notch above C-Fu just because it's slightly less oily and the prices are lower. :)
5	It's the best Chinese food I can find in Phoenix area and I am a Chinese. This place is no longer a buffet restaurant. I love their services, very considerate and kind, feel like family. And the dishes taste authentic Cantonese style. If you like Dim Sum, it's so delicious and so cheap! Definitely you should try.
4	I was glad to find another dim-sum place in this area because the one we used to frequent of the same name (minus "Buffet") closed down on Ray and Dobson.   We walked in on a weekday afternoon for dim-sum lunch and were quickly seated.  The ladies were quick with stopping by with carts of little stainless-steel containers.  They popped the top off and would say what they were (of course she could've said "fried donkey ears" in Chinese and I would'n't have known the difference)... my friend and I tried maybe 4 or 5 little dim-sum plates plus noodles for my friend and the bill was... gasp... 12 dollars total - yeah, SUPER cheap! I don't know what good or bad dim-sum is, but I know that this was filling, flavorful, priced well and when I googled what I ate later that night, my pics looked the same as those online.  Note that there was definitely a language barrier, but be patient.. they offer good service and you're definitely being served by hard-working staff.  I would return for dim-sum again here.
2	Yikes we had my adopted father Mr. Eng funeral banquet here a year ago. Today it got 6 violations and a warning from the Health Dept to clean up or close down!  Even then I thought the food was so-so. Many things were authntically presented but did not taste so well.The service for a planned banquet was awful! My sister had to go head to head with the manager. We were waiting for tables upto 25 minutes and even then the tables were not grouped together. Their concern was making as much money as they could so they did not reserve any tables for the family/group!  Mind you we had a deposit down and planned menu!I'm glad nobody that no one (I have heard from) got sick.I have no interest in returning.
3	Only come here for Dim Sum for sit it.  Food was OK/good.  Should only come during weekends...not too many options come out during the week (don't blame them...not a consistent flow of customers).  The dim sum was good, but think it won't get better than this in AZ.  Had better in higher asian area/community (CA/WA).  Service is on the slower side, but wasn't expecting more from them.  Take out is not too much better, but convenient for busier days.  Person behind the counter don't seem like they want to work there...but who does.  Best place in east valley for Dim Sum, but only in AZ.
3	This review is just for the dim sum.Frustratingly mixed experiences here, and when I consulted one of my true-blue Yelp buddies about this place, she said the same thing.  The first time that we came here, it was a Sunday around 1:30 - they were still doing a steady service of dim sum, but since they stop the carts around 3pm, the crowds had waned quite a bit.  We waited about 5 minutes for a table and were seated in the way back, which we didn't mind since it gave us space to chat and chill out.  We have a couple dim sum places back in my hometown of DC that I am out and out in love with, so I usually know exactly what I want when I go and judge most places by those standards.  Phoenix Palace made me pretty happy on that visit, serving just about all of the dishes that I crave - my husband and I plied our faces with as many dumplings from the steam cart as we could muster, roast pork with gorgeous crackling skin, the fried shrimp and chive dumplings that I seem to crave on a weekly basis, garlicky chinese broccoli and pliantly chewy baked pork buns, along with several other happy bites.  Although some of the dishes were lukewarm by the time they got to our table, we were still happy and chalked it up to coming to eat on the later side.  I'm sure that if we spoke Chinese, we may have been able to order the few things that we didn't see on the carts but had spied on their dim sum menu, but it wasn't a terribly big deal.  We definitely planned on returning.Cue this weekend and I am jonesing for shu mai and har gow hardcore.  We make a trip to Phoenix Palace around noon on a Saturday and there is a crowd waiting in the front area.  No worries - the line at dim sum places usually moves quickly.  We see a mass of people waiting at the check in desk to get a number and the time seems to just tick by with no one coming to check anyone in.  Countless employees see no less than 20 of us waiting patiently and just walk away.  Finally, after 10 minutes of standing there, a Chinese couple flags down what seems to be a manager and he hollers at one of the girls to help out.  She briefly surveys the crowd and then walks off.  One of the few couples that already had a number and were waiting walks over to the take out desk to ask someone there for an estimate on when they'll be seated and are met with no response.  I gaze over at the folks pushing the carts around and they look haggard and a little depressed.  Although I really wanted to stay, I felt as though the universe was compelling me with all these signs of bad service to go eat elsewhere.  We bailed, but were bummed to do so.  I have mixed feelings as to whether we'll be back or not, given that we've had much worse service issues at many other places here in the Valley for a lot worse dim sum.
5	Just for a change of routine on a Sunday morning my family and I went with Phoenix Palace rather than C-fu. Hubby ordered Duck Beaks and said "Now I can say I've done that and can now cross it off my bucket list". The usual dim sum fare--which is great--but we didn't see anything that unusual nor different from dim sum places (except the duck beaks). But do try the turnip cakes! I recommend them highly. C-fu still makes better congee and curried tripe though.
4	Good choice for dim sum. Prompt efficient service, good food and reasonable prices.
1	The high point of our meal was the cold mug that our beer came in. Worst food, worst service, and just plain ick. Not that clean here either. The service was slow and inefficient with messed up orders and confusion. The food was tasteless though hot. With so many choices out there, take my advice and skip this place. Your stomach will thank you later when you are not suffering like I did. One star for the ice cold beer.
4	Dim sum madness with all my Asian homeys! Not everything is great but really, every dim sum I've ever been to in any state is about the same...
3	Why did they not have chili oil? Not too bad for a dim sum place. Try their dumplings...those are the only thing that is very good. Tgen again...I am pucky with taste......
3	This is for the dim sum... Being that I'm from California and I'm use to fresh dim sum through the day (during dim sum hours, of course). I called in at around 2PM and they stop serving dim sum at 3. I make it there in 15 minutes, got a seat, and almost everything was gone and was not fresh. Although the chicken feet came out fresh since I waited 15 minutes for it, it was not good. It was edible... But nowhere near to ANY of the restaurants I've been at. I actually spat it out. My BF had one with a nail still in it. The 3 star is based on their customer service alone. It's not somewhere I'd go to again to for dim sum nor would recommend.
4	Honestly this place has taken over as the best Dim Sum place in the East Valley, and possibly all of Arizona if Great Wall doesn't step their game up.  One dish that you need to order here is the Xiao Long Bao, it is no Din Tai Fung but it makes me happy with every soup exploding bite.
4	I can here not knowing what to expect. I left full and happy. Many traditional items were on the menu as well as a few specialties. Make sure you get there early or you will have a long wait.
1	First off don't come here alone. Portions are for 2 or more and the menu doesn't offer more than one item and rice so it would be too much for one person to order 2 items. I ordered the Orange chicken because its a dish that is hard to screw up. Well despite the place being fairly empty and several staff on hand it seemed an eternity before any one took my order. Once my food arrived I dug in only to find the chicken flavorless with barely a hint of orange. It tasted more like sweet and sour sauce of the grocery store variety. I ate 1/5 the plate a decided I could do better at home with a packet of spicy seafood ramen. In the time it has taken for the wait staff to notice that I had given up on their tasteless dish to the time I received the cheque has been an eternity. I will never eat here again and I recommend that you don't waste you time or money. There is a plaque at the front door that claims best of Phoenix... I doubt they would win that award today.
5	I still think that it is amongst the very best for regular dishes.  I haven't had dim sum here in a long time but it is extremely popular.
3	I've been here once for dim sum w/a party of two, once with a large group and once for a large dinner party and each time the consensus has been that the food was just okay. Mind you this feedback has come primarily from Asians that have had their fair share of authentic dining all over the world, so they're quite seasoned. But coming from a white girl that is new to the world of dim sum, I'd have to agree.I'm pretty sure that by now I've had a taste of most everything on the menu, and while nothing stands out as being outrageously delicious, nothing is particularly bad either. Some of the dishes I tend to prefer over others includes chinese broccoli, bao (pork rolls) and pineapple fried rice. Everything else is just so-so.I do like the prices (around $2-3 a dish) and it makes for an enjoyable out-of the-ordinary-brunch outing for larger groups, but it does seem as though you get easily overlooked by the dim sum cart when you're at a small table, so I would seek alternative dining options if that's the case.
4	This place is great, it's a pretty big dim sum restaurant! They service here is friendly and funny. They will crack jokes with you and make sure you get what you want. The varieties of choices for dim sum is always amazing and they all always hot and fresh for you, unless other places where you'll eat a cold bun! YUCK! I came here after a new years night out and loved it! I would definitely come here again!!
4	came here for dim sum this past weekend and I was impressed. they have all the usual dim sum favorites and some that I've never seen at dim sum before (e.g. soup dumplings). came with a group of 12 people and our bill came out to $86 without tip. we each paid only $10 and we were all full. I am definitely coming back and bringing friends!
4	This is a great place to visit for dim sum here in the Phoenix area. It's best to come early, not only to beat the crowds but also to ensure you get to enjoy the full range of dim sum dishes. Sometimes if you come later not all of the carts are still out. There are lots of varieties and its very easy to order. Even for someone not fully familiar with dim sum cuisine eats super easy to ask to see the dish and point. If you need further clarification each server carries a list of the dishes they are carrying in both Cantonese and English. My favorites are the steamed pork buns, the shrimp and scallop dumplings, and the egg custard buns. Really everything we've had here is pretty tasty. Its nice to be able to order at any pace you want. I often sit for a little bit and then get ready for some more chow and order again. Prices are affordable- about 20 per person, service pretty good- although I frequently want for water, and food always tasty. Definitely worth trying.
4	went for dinner... good food and reasonable price. will try its dimsum on my next visit.
5	New favorite dim sum in Phoenix area!!  We even went back at night and had meals off the menu and it was very good as well.  The place is always busy and service is good. Prices are great, too.
4	Who doesn't like Dim Sum? For those who are unfamiliar with Dim Sum; essentially, it is a type of Chinese cuisine in which was modified down from what would only be served to kings and queens as a delicate to something everyone can enjoy. Ideally, it is best to eat this for breakfast and/or brunch. Anyway, I believe this place serves one of the best Dim Sum in the Phoenix Area. What better than to have little Asian ladies push around their Dim Sum carts around to your table and serve you food. Anything from steamed to baked; it is as good as it gets. Several of my favorite dishes are: Pork Dumplings, Shrimp Dumplings, Bean Curd (it sounds weird but pretty good for vegetarians), Beef and Shrimp Rice Noodles with soy sauce, Chicken Feet (normally, Americans don't like this but give it a shot), baked goods like custard buns, custard tarts, pineapple custard buns, coconut buns. These are just a few that I've named; there are many more delicious goodies. Everything must be downed with a cup of warm tea. Mmmm. Yum.This place is cleaner than most Chinese restaurants and their customer service (even for dinner) is not bad.
3	I've had a lot of dimsum--Richmond, Toronto, Seattle. This has no comparison, but it is still dimsum to satisfy your cravings.
5	I've had plenty of Chinese food in my time, but nothing is better than this! The flavor is amazing and the staff is legit! I'm so spoiled now after ordering from them that I cannot order from any other. Phoenix Palace gives you plentiful portions so be sure you are hungry! My in-laws were in town not too long ago and they always NEED chinese food. We introduced them to Phoenix Palace and they were sold on the first bite! They made three meals out of one order because there was that much food!!!In all honesty, we've only ordered out so we are not sure about the dine in experience. Over the phone and in person they are very friendly so I don't see dine in being a problem. Seriously, you gotta try this place!
3	2 years can change a lot. I think the quality of their dim sum is deteriorating, so we don't go there anymore. We tried their dinner, and I can say it's only so-so. Not too bad, and definitely not delicious either. As for China King, last year we went there for a Chinese new year meal, and it was so bad that made my aunt really upset as she was the one who invited us to the gathering and paid the bill :o...on the 1st day of Chinese New Year!!!!
1	I have been here for dim sum couple times, good service and good food. BUT.. a recent visit to Phoenix Palace gave me a brand new view about this place. My friend and I had 2 waters and 6 dim sum items. When the bill came, we noticed an item on the bill says "2 guests: $1.70". When we asked the server why, she replied "we charge money for water."  This restaurant CHARGES $0.85 for every water they give out to customer! This is not bottle water, simply water from the tap in a plastic cup. For this reason, I will NOT return to this place, there are plenty other dim sum places in town will gladly provide free water to customers, like any other restaurant in AZ.
5	Best Dim-Sum in town.By far the Phoenix Palace has one of the best Dim-sum and menu.The service is always nice and friendly.The restaurant itself is nice and clean.Highly recommend the Singapore Noodles, I can't enough of it.Do yourself a favor and visit this place any day of the week for lunch starting at 10:00 AM.Afterwards take some time to visit some of the other restaurants within the shopping strip and make sure you check out Lei-Lei Supermarket with their great products from all over the world.This is the Walmart of the east.A+
3	I love the ginormous language barrier here. Bring your token Chinese friend, because asking what each thing is will lead into a 5minute banter back and forth trying to figure out what the hell each party is saying.- "excuse me can you say it in english?"- [server] "I AM speaking english"- oh. shit.Luckily, it only takes about 4 guesses and 6 people to decipher what she was trying to say. God. We are so whhhhhite.But on to the food. Yelpers are right on the money, the very little money it costs us to eat here. With 6 people and no holding back on ordering everything (cause "what the hell" and "we're hungry") until we were going to explode, costs us $53.35. For you math-enthusiasts, that's about $11 per person, tip included.And did we say we were exploding at the end of our meal? Like, "I need to hold my food baby and care for it" full. Like "I need a nap, immediately" full. So, you may ask (or maybe not, I'm not telling you what to do), why the 3 stars? Were the quality of food is just A-OK, tasty but nothing out of this world. We stick to the siu mai, pork dumplings, shai long bao, egg tarts and Chinese broccoli. My favorite dim sum dish (of all time) is the sweet bread bun filled with pork. They make it here with mostly sweet potato vs bbq pork.. which made it sweeter than it needed to be (and less meaty). My friends enjoyed the shrimp noodle dumplings and we thought the roasted veggies were nicely done- crunchy but with tons of flavor. Not the easiest thing to pick up with chopsticks though.Of course, no one had the balls to try chicken feet. I don't get it. Its delicious, and has nothing to do with my foot fetish. Mostly. Sort of.
4	It has too many reviews about the Dim Sum already. So I bet everyone would love to hear about the dinner menu in Phoenix Palace. It is delicious and full of varities from fisj, chicken to pork. I tried the steam talipia fish and vegies soup with half of the ducks. They are super delicous and fresh. I am really enjoying to eat here. They also have great customer service and really care for what the customer want.
3	My boyfriend was looking for a place for this parents to eat at and we were originally going to this other Chinese restaurant but took a wrong turn and ended up in this plaza so we just decided to eat here instead.It was about 5pm - pretty early for dinner for Asian people at least - cause besides us, there was only one other diner in the place. It was so empty they even decided to turn off some of the lights in the restaurant. I didn't really expect that many people honestly - this is Arizona, and it is 5 PM.  We sat down and ordered three dishes: Chestnut and Chicken Pot - super flavorful dish! - chicken was tender and went very well with the chestnuts Crispy Noodles with Seafood Gravy - I really would have liked it more if they didn't drench it with the gravy because I do like the crispy part of the noodles but since they poured a lot of sauce onto it - all the noodles got soaked. Chinese Veggie (Choi Sum with garlic) - tender and garlicky. The food was surprisingly very tasty. I expected not very good Chinese food here but to my amazement, the food was pretty decent - however it did cost way more than Chinese restaurant in say like San Gabriel or Monterey Park area (for those of you from LA would know what I'm talking about) here it's like about double the price - but i think it's because they don't get half as busy as in other places that are populated with Asian people. The waiters and waitresses looked pretty bored most of the time - but things started to pick up around 6ish when we were about to leave. Reviews say that this place is good for dim sum - I wish I could try it but since my bf graduated today I don't think I'll be coming back to Arizona any time soon. Overall however I think this is a pretty good place for dinner - the prices a little higher but like I said there aren't too many other Chinese restaurants like this around.
4	My husband and I went to Phoenix Palace this afternoon for Dim Sum and had a great meal. Neither of us are Dim Sum veterans. Being from Northern California originally I have been to a few places, but it was my husband's very first time. The staff was very friendly and the food was great! My husband, a picky eater, especially loved the sesame buns with red bean filling and the buns with egg custard.There are 2 reasons why I didn't give it 5 stars. I was especially looking forward to Xiao Long Bao, better known as soup dumplings. I read that they served them here, but when the carts were circling they were nowhere to be found. They are my absolute favorite dim sum so that was a bit disappointing.The other reason I didn't give it 5 stars was that we felt a bit overwhelmed. As soon as we were seated every single cart came up to our table and waited in line to pitch us their dishes. They would ask repeatedly if we wanted the same dishes after we said no before they walked away. It would have been a bit nicer of an experience if they were circulating more a gave us a chance to breathe a bit.All and all though we had a wonderful experience. Delicious food, and the price is great! We could have easily fed 4 with the amount of food we got (we wanted to try a bit of everything) and ended up with lots of leftovers to box up and take home. Friendly people, yummy food, fun experience! We will definitely be back, and hopefully next time I will get my soup dumplings!
4	(Lyric - Janet Jackson - Love Will Never Do (Without You))Phoenix Palace I have tried beforeTo replace as my Dim Sum placeNever did I have a doubtIt's Dim Sum I can't do withoutThey said it wouldn't lastWe had to prove them wrongCause I've eaten in the pastThat hunger will always be without youPhoenix Palace I have tried beforeTo replace as my Dim Sum placeNever did I have a doubtIt's Dim Sum I can't do withoutI feel better after a meal with youCause no other place aroundHas quite the same Yum Yum (ha ha ha!)Like you do do do do...Phoenix Palace is an old school Dim Sum joint located in the heart of what I call little Chinatown.  Off Dobson and Warner this little corner in Chandler is a mecca for Asian businesses, aside from your LA Fitness on the Northwest corner.  Phoenix Palace is in the same corner as Lee Lee's Market; where you can explore all food ingredients from the Orient.  I'm a dim sum lover and I wish I could go every weekend, but that would totally destroy my diet!  Needless to say, Phoenix Palace is one of my favorite dim sum places in Phoenix.  They offer up some traditional products like Siu Mai, Nai Wong Bao, Phung Chows, and Cha Sui Baos.  Moreover, they also have some newer products and I gather it's for the more American guest like fried noodles, fried rice and calamari.  All good, but some times I wish they would just stick with tradition.  Overall, the dim sum is pretty good and one of the best in my opinion of what we can get in Phoenix.  It'll get the job done as they say, but don't expect it to blow your mind away.  Service here has improved through the years and afterwards you can always stop by Lee Lee's to get your Asian groceries.  Just a skip and a hop away is a Boba place so you might as well get your entire Asian fix on and done! - Enjoy
2	I don't know what it is about dim sum here in the Valley, but I just haven't found one that is even close to half-way decent.  The pork rice wrapped in leaves was pretty good, as were the shrimp dumplings, but the pork dumplings, the egg custard, and the taro root, which is usually my favorite, were pretty bland.  The fried rice and noodle dishes that we had for the table were also very bland. I wish that my first choice, Pho Van, had been open.  The things you do when you're hungry and don't want to get back in the car.
5	I'll revise that to the consistently best Chinese restaurant in the state that I know of.  I'm talking about prepared dishes as I usually don't do dim sum.  My complaint, though, still remains, namely the specials are mostly untranslated.
4	Of course you cannot compare to dim sum places in the west or east coast but for AZ it's pretty decent. Best to go on weekends. More customer means more variety and fresh dim sum. Weekday choices were pretty weak...
3	Phoenix palace is always busy in the morning for dim sum. The waiters/waitresses that push the carts always forget to come to my table. The dim sum is alright. I've had better.
4	OMG, this place was packed, and the Dim Sum was delicious with quite the array of funky stuff (this is always a good thing when it comes to Dim Sum).  Those carts were blasting through the crowd, and the incredible mishmash of all that one could find if there was an explosion involving a dollar store, a Christmas outlet, and a Halloween store, but not lacking the bargain bin at the used flooring and counter outlet.  There were Christmas trees, silk flowers galore, 16 different light fixtures, 20 different flooring's, hanging stuffed animals, and all sorts of craftiness that should have never been put on the shelves to sell, little lone ever sold.  It was filled with Asians and that's all I needed to see, to know that I had landed in Nirvana, this was my 3rd time there and I will keep going back.
5	I couldn't believe on my last day in Arizona I finally find a dim sum restaurant!! I could've been dining here the whole time! Food was delicious. Atmosphere is great. And service is good!! Would come back again for sure!
4	CHANDLER GEMServed by dim sum carts on this late Saturday morning before the rush, we finish our week's stay in the Valley of the Sun. From the quality of the tea to the quality of the dim sum, it was a fitting meal before our long drive home.  An opportunity to use my Cantonese with the gregarious wait staff. Ironically our first meal on Sunday and our departing meal are both our most memorable and best meals. The dim sum is at least twice as good anywhere in Las Vegas. Not to forget, the price of our dim sum meal including tea charge was less than $24.  I remember spending twice that in Las Vegas with most disappointing results.
5	The fact that Phoenix Palace only has a 3.5 Star rating here on Yelp makes me question all that I know to be true! I've had Dim Sum from Seattle to east of the Mississippi and have yet to find any that comes anywhere close to the deliciousness that is Phoenix Palace.If not for the fear of criminal charges, I would hug and kiss each lovely woman pushing the butane warmed carts of amazingness.My standout favorites include (please excuse my atrocious Chinese spelling):Har goaShu MaiChar siuShrimp egg rollChinese brocolliSalt and pepper squidFried lobster if the planets align and you're lucky enough to get it.Jews know their Chinese food, and trust this Jew when I tell you that this is the real deal, mind altering Dim Sum.
4	Nice selection of Live seafood . Salt and pepper Crab was so great we ordered another one.
3	Just stopped by here. The place was pretty busy, but only had a short wait. We mostly got the steamed items, which were pretty good. The foods weren't overly greasy like I've had at some dim sum places.  I hoped for a little more variety though in terms of the steamed foods. Don't get me wrong.  They had a lot of other fried foods, vegetable plates, and a soup cart, but they ran out of the soup my friend wanted to try and a lot of the other carts had fried foods that just didn't seem all that appealing at the time. I think the dessert carts passed us about 7 times. It would have been nice if there were a little less of the dessert carts roaming around and more steamed food/soup carts.  Overall, definitely not a bad place to try though! The food is pretty good and I would give it an extra half of a star if I could.
5	I am not an expert on Dim Sum.  I simply know what I like.The carts were constantly being refreshed and there was some additional staff tempting us with specials.  We stopped in before lunch on a Sunday.  As soon as we set down the carts were at our table.I really liked the BBQ pork buns.  Some of the best that I have ever had.  The vegetables were also great.  The tea was good. Everything we had was good.
4	The service was excellent. I was surprised that the carts came around so frequently and our tea pot would be filled the moment it became empty. There was this guy coming out with special dishes, he's a good marketer btw. Lol. As far as food goes, it was good, not great but it was more than just okay. The salt and pepper squid was too breaded in my opinion, but the congee was surprisingly pretty awesome! The eggplant was also a favorite of mine. The Chinese broccoli was overcooked and shriveled to me so it was a bit rubbery and difficult to eat.
1	Just had one of the worst restaurant experiences of my life here.  The server was incredibly rude and the hot pot was disgusting. Find another place!
4	If you ever want some cheap dim sum and good food, Phoenix Palace is always a good choice [but not the best!].  Service is always great and the food is always delicious.  There's this one guy who always walks around spouting flirty comments to all the girlies.  "Hey, pretty girl.  Want to try...?"  I swear it's less creepy than it sounds.Anyways, the overall ambiance is pretty hideous but who cares?  Prices are reasonable, food is fresh and plentiful, and if you want some fresh BBQ, the little side-shop upfront is always a great option.  While not the best on the east side, Phoenix Palace is always a great option.
4	Excellent Chinese food dinner with massive portions. When our usual Pho spot closed for New Year's, we trotted into Phoenix Palace for our first dinner of 2014.The three of us opted for the Mandarin Dinner (family style): Hot & Sour Soup, Fried Crab Puff, Egg Roll, Pot Sticker, and one entree for $13.95 per person. We tried to substitute for egg drop soup, or anything else, but the language barrier and seemingly restaurant policy kept us from the substitution. Nevertheless, we were not disappointed.Hot & Sour Soup: Served in a huge bowl, the consistency was more like a stew. Great flavor and not too spicy, though it heats up.Fried Crab Puff, Egg Roll, Pot Sticker - enough for at least one per person, we had leftovers of crab puffs and pot stickers. Very flavorful with quality ingredients. I could have munched on these for dinner but had to save room!Sweet & Sour Chicken - large chunks of white meat in a sweet glaze that's sticky enough for a full coating of rice. My favorite of the three we ordered.Beef and Broccoli - tasted good and overall above average. Again, a large enough serving to feed a group of 3.Kung Pao Chicken - not as good as the others. I'd go with something else next time. The chicken pieces were smaller than I'd like and it seemed like the flavor was too blended, like you couldn't tell what you were eating except for the spice. It wasn't bad, just not the best.It's a good sign when all of the staff and patrons speak the language of the cuisine. Phoenix Palace is quite authentic and has a great assortment of dishes. I will return to try others, especially their dim sum.
4	I went looking for the typical "not real Chinese" buffet on a Sunday and found this place.  Never had Dim Sum before so thought this would be different. From the moment we sat down, the carts were on us putting stuff on the table and having us choose from a selection that I honestly cannot tell you what I ate.  I just said yes to what looked good.  I wasn't disappointed, but I can't tell you what I ate! :)  I do know that I accidentally said yes to the chicken feet thinking is was just fried chicken.  I'm adventurous, but that was too much so I left it.  Without even asking, they were cool enough to take it off of the bill.  We all laughed about how the server's children loved it, and they were really great.  The cart ladies struggle with English a lot, but that's OK as again, I just said yes to what looked good.  Overall the price was pretty reasonable and I tried a lot of food. I'll be back!
5	Ok, so usually I expect Chinese places to all be the usual stir fry style, takeout menu, not really unique kind of food.  Which is ok, because I love that particular food.  But something sets Phoenix Palace a notch above the rest.The menu looked great, and I floundered over what to get, until we saw the family style options on the back.  For a flat rate per-person, you get soup to share, a plate of appetizers, and as many entrees as you have people.  That sounded perfect, and we got a nice variety of food to share with the table.  The hot and sour soup was very tasty, and with a little soy sauce added, not too hot for my mild palette.  The crab puffs and egg rolls were top notch.  Sweet and Sour Chicken tasted like it was made with real quality chicken, had fresh breading, and flavorful sauce.  The Broccoli Beef had really tender meat and veggies, and is easily my favorite version of that dish from what I've tried elsewhere.  The Kung Pao Chicken wasn't as spicy as I expected, which was a good thing for me.  We had more than enough food, and the leftovers proved delicious the second time around too.The service was attentive, though there was a bit of a language barrier.  I appreciate the authenticity of the restaurant all the way around.  This may very well turn in to my go-to Chinese food!
3	This place is good. Large selection of plates, and my usual favorites also. Went with the family.  It was nice. Not that you'd write home about it, but service was good, the food was good and not as much sodium as some other places.   I will be back.
2	Sooo . . . I've been coming on and off to this place since it first opened and it has gone through several incarnations from buffet to sit down to something in betwn that I really wasn't sure what was being served when I opened their door this past Sat. Much to my pleasant surprise, the place was bustling serving dim sum a plenty.And the place was packed with my kind of people (Chinese in case you're wondering. Haha) so I figured the dim sum must be pretty good. I was not disappointed. Everything I had was up to standard. I had 5 dishes plus got charged 65 cents for having water and the tea that was not served to me. When I questioned the 65 cents and told the owner I did not have tea, he pointed to a handwritten sign taped to the cash register hidden behind stacks of to go menus that said 65 cents charged to every customer for tea AND WATER. Okay, I didn't realize when I crossed the threshold I had been transported to China or Europe where they do charge for water. I also questioned an item where they charged me for a large item when I only had the small dishes and boy, did the owner insist on every penny!  Okay, dude I won't argue with you. So somehow for five dishes, water, and tea that I didn't get the bill came to a whopping $17 which I thought was freakin' expensive for dim sum at lunch time. When I saw the bill I almost wish I could have thrown up the food and return the dishes back to them. Alas, I couldn't and didn't so I paid my bill and left. Sigh, since dim sum has become trendy and popular I think it's driven up the price!  I remember when I could have 5 dishes for less than $10!  Oh, the good 'ole days!
4	What's not to love about dim sum? You can pick and choose any dish and they're small portions so you're able to try a variety of items for a reasonable price. Its kind of like tapas style, except dim sum comes ready-made and ready-to-eat to you in carts pushed by people. This place is busy on the weekends, but proves to be an excellent place to enjoy this style of dining. Check out the photo to see some of the things I ate (BBQ pork buns, egg tart custard, Chinese broccoli, shu Mai, soup dumpling, etc)....I passed on the chicken feet.
4	Dimsum! Weekends are so busy, these people are legit cantonese/chinese which if you do not know is as authentic as you can get.  Dim Sum is a Hong Kong brunch (cantonese people).  I am a big fan of this place because all of your yummy dim sum items come out piping hot! I have gone to places where they are just warm.  We are really looking forward to trying dinner here one day.  Will become a regular here for dimsum :)
1	The food is good, but the service is Horrible, had to wait 20 min just for someone to tell that we needed to order and that's after my girlfriend waved someone down like an SOS on the freeway, I never got a refill at all on my iced tea!!Will never go there again!!
4	Went there for dinner and ordered 3 dishes. Overall the food was decent.  Nothing too exciting or special. I probably enjoyed the free soup that came with the dinner more than the dishes. I may go back to try their dim sum one day.
5	Excellent food!
4	The lady who works on Monday and Tuesday Nights is AWESOME. she is the reason why I wanted to write this review. She was friendly, helpful, and just an overall very positive person and I really enjoyed having her as our waitress. This is pretty rare in a Chinese restaurant. Food was good. Prices are fairly reasonable but dang snow pea leaves cost $16.95 that's pretty darn expensive. I returned for dimsum the next day (with a batch of other waitresses), and the service was, as expected, nonexistent to borderline rude. And since when is ha gao and a variety of other items considered "large". The only small items were chicken feet and all the other dishes were large and I've had dimsum for the last 20 years and I know which dishes are in what category. It's not a big deal since the price difference is very small so it acutally doesn't make a difference but I'm not sure why they think it's a good idea to mark everything large while it's probably smarter to make most items mediums and make a larger price gap (opps!)
4	First of all, to be clear, I have really high standard for dim sum. Spare ribs, Egg&pork congee and chicken feet are the must-have for me every time. So I first tried them. They were good but not best, a small step down from Great wall or China King. But the Egg tart and Pineapple buns really impressed me! If the Pineapple bun served right from oven, it must be heavenly good!!The service was fine, but no one served water until we ordered chrysanthemum tea. But this place was not so crowed like Great Wall or China King. We didn't have to wait in lines even on Sunday morning.
3	The service is so bad here!  The dim sum is ok.  It takes forever to get them to come to the table for more Dim Sum.  I rather go to other local places for Dim Sum
5	This place gets a 5 star review for being the best dim sum restaurant in the valley.  Sure I've had better in SF, but this is still pretty good.  Major bonus points for the takeout counter.  I don't know what most of this stuff is called, but I know what it looks like.  I was able to give the girl a description and she knew exactly what it was.  I've now got pictures on my phone for future visits.I think it's a step above their competitor on the other side of the street, but their competitor seems to have a wider selection.  At least in the carts that are going around.  Bonus points for having a gelato shop a few doors down.  Not that you'll be hungry when you leave.
5	My favorite dim sum place in the Valley. They always have a wide selection and the food is great.  My favorites are the turnip cakes, the shao mai, and the pork buns.  Expect a little wait on the weekends, since this place seems to be quite popular. Enjoy checking out the dollar store next door while you wait, they have lots of little goodies for the kids. Their dinner selection is actually quite good, too.  Some great dishes, so I took a colleague from Guangzhou. He was skeptical, since he doesn't usually like American Chinese restaurants, but he actually quite liked this place.
4	I've been here several times now and I think, overall, Phoenix Palace has the best dim sum in the Valley. I love scoring a table right where the carts come out. It sucks if you sit in a corner and all the food is either gone or cold by the time the ladies get to your table. I'll take my ticket to a cart across the room if we've been waiting too long. There are too many dishes to go over, but the congee here is excellent. The only dish that fell short was the har gow - skin too thick and shrimp was mushy and falling apart.  We ate a lot and our tab was about $11/pp. My current dim sum order of preference of distance wasn't a factor: phoenix palace, great wall, china king, mekong.
3	Came here for dim sum on a Saturday morning around 11:00 am.  The restaurant wasn't too busy at that time but it was pretty packed by the time that we finished eating.  There's a good variety of dim sum items available.  We had the shrimp dumplings, lotus leaf rice, barbeque pork buns, pork and shrimp dumplings, tofu skin roll, chicken feet, tripe, beef balls, rice noodle rolls, and savory stuffed dumplings.  The food was decent flavor-wise but the downside was that everything was only lukewarm except for the savory stuffed dumplings.  We got the savory stuffed dumplings towards the end of our meal.  Had we started eating a little later when the restaurant was busier, we probably would have had hotter food since there would be higher turnover.  My favorite dishes were the savory stuffed dumplings, tripe, shrimp dumplings, and lotus leaf rice.Overall, I was expecting something more fantastic but everything was okay.  I liked the variety and the service was good.  Dim sum prices are also very reasonable.  I wouldn't rule out coming here again.
4	I've noted in previous reviews about how I am not a fan of Chinese food in Arizona. Chinese in Hawaii just taste so much better to me. And maybe it's because I enjoy the bastardized Hawaiian version more, but I lament the lack of options in Arizona for Chinese that I find tasty.  Fortunately, this place has great dim sum that is as good as most places I've been to in Hawaii. I'm sure "real" Chinese people (I'm Chinese but people have accused me of not being a real Chinese person) will say this isn't actual Chinese food or dim sum, and doesn't hold a candle to SF. I'm sure that's true but this place is good in my book.My favorite items here are the XLB, chow mein, spareribs, bean curd roll.  They are delicious.  I personally don't like their potstickers because they have a strange fishy taste to me, which I'm not accustom to in potstickers (however, I don't like seafood so take my advice with a grain of salt on this front).
4	They serve diversity dim-sum. I love all of them! I think this is the best dim-sum place in Arizona.  I'm not from the southeast China, so this is my best personal experience.
4	My boyfriend and I are travelers going to the Grand Canyon. Tempe is our first stop. We went there right after we landed. The food is very very good. Service is so so. But anyway I like it a lot.
4	The place has the basics for dim sum, there are steamed pork buns, ribs, stripes, chicken feet, shumai, shrimp dumplings etc. They are all quite flavorful and standard on their tastes. The pork buns don't use a traditional bread but the bun they use taste quite sweet. The tripe is good and their other beef intestine dish is a bit salty for my taste but still acceptable. The food is average for dim sum, but it is pretty decent for dim sum in Arizona.The service is not great I had to ask 3 or 4 times for shrimp rolls and the tea refill took a while to arrive. It was pretty slow on business too so there seemed to just be a lack of workers at the time even though we went at around lunch time. I would say Sunday would probably have better service but you would have to wait for a while. I have also had dinner here and they have better quality food as well as service then.
2	The dim sum here are better at the moment, used to be unappealing. There is definitely something wrong with the shrimp fried rice. I continually tried to give them chances after chances to improve, but all 3 times the shrimps had this pee-like taste and smell! They are definitely not fresh, but rather long-dead and smelly! Other than their dim sum, lunch and dinner are not great. The roasted pork is ok, in the mean time. The father of the owner, who usually in charge of roasted and BBQ area is extremely rude and loud.
3	Dim sum is limited around Chandler and Phoenix Palace is probably one of the most popular. The baked bbq buns are probably the best thing they make. Prices however have been steadily increasing and tea charges are now mandatory we believe whether you drunk tea or not. All the other dishes are pretty hit or miss depending on when you go. For example sometimes the shumai is pretty much all fat and other times it's all meat with no flavor. Overall, dim sum here is ok. I have had better.
5	Went there several times. Came away thoroughly satisfied every time. :) I usually don't like dim sum that much, mind you.
3	Good overall. My complaints:1. we were semi accosted as soon as we sat down. It was post lunch rush on a Saturday, and every cart came to us immediately and pushed things into my hands that I wasn't sure I wanted. 2. several items were greasy. The chinese broccoli was good, but I did feel like I needed to dab it on my napkin. 3. after the initial rush of 5 or so dishes, the carts didn't come around much anymore. But I did enjoy myself and will most likely go back. The broccoli was crunchy and flavorful and the prices were reasonable ($30 for 2).
5	Went on the weekend for dim sum and was not disappointed. They have a wide variety of traditional dim sum items. Although they seem to specialize more in the pasties and buns. They will also prepare traditional Chinese dishes during dim sum. Our favorite that we order as a side dish is Chinese broccoli in oyster sauce. If you have never had dim sum then try it. It is a n experience you won't forget.
4	Best place to get dim sum on the weekends.  Much better selections, qualities, and staff than Great Wall Cuisine on 35th Avenue & Camelback Road.  They made their food and prepared everything on-site.  It's a must place to visit if you want to try everything all at once.
4	I went here for a late dinner. It was me and a couple of friends. We ordered half crispy chicken, beef and veggies, string beans, mongolian beef, and soup. Everything was really good especially the crispy chicken. Customer service was ok, took awhile to get refills on our drinks, but all in all in was good. I usually come here for dim sum because I think their dim sum is pretty good, better than most places I been to in AZ. So, if you are going to try this place, go for their dim sum first!
4	This is our go-to place for dim sum with a good selection. On weekends, they have a much more extensive selection and many more carts running around. The servers are fast and ready to get you selections not on the carts (we always order some type of veg to go with our usual spread of gluttony). My only tiny gripe is that they don't have dou-miao (pea shoots), but we did like their stir fried green beans. We've only lived here for not quite a month and have been here 3 times plus it's a 25 min drive...
4	We came later then usual 11:30am on Sunday. The selection today was very sparse. Recommend coming here in the 10 o clock hour.
4	I really enjoyed their food (there way better then china kings dim sum). Way bigger selection of dumplings and everything looks cleaner. The place is super busy but the fungi area is big so there is not a long wait. The price is very responsible and 2 ppl can eat for under 30 at least during lunch time.
5	This is my new FAVORITE Chinese  food place. Very affordable and very consistent in food quality and service. Located in the Lee Lee's Asian Market Center, I notice many Asian families at this restaurant .  I believe I may be addicted to their Assorted Wonton soup, filled with pork, shrimp, chicken, veggies and lots of meaty won ton dumplings. I ask them to make spicy for me and they accommodate . Moo-shu (sp?) pork is also one of my favorite dishes here. They also have a Take out deli with prepared to-go items. I am always very pleased when I dine here at Phoenix Palace. Not too fancy, very friendly. Clean.
4	At the present time, this is probably one of the best Dim Sum places in the area. When I mean area, I am referring to the far west valley, all the way to the far east valley, and all cities in between.The only other one that came close was at the Chinese Cultural center, but that restaurant has since closed. The Great Wall, by Grand Canyon University, is still a good place, but it is sub-par in comparison to Phoenix Palace.The tremendous variety of the food selection, the cleanliness and the atmosphere, and the attentiveness of the wait staff is superlative.One of the things that bug me about Dim Sum places is having to wait for the cart, when we obviously have yet to be served. Once we were seated, the carts made a bee-line for us immediately. No waiting. No anticipation. No frustration trying to get the attention of the person pushing the cart. They just all showed up at one time, and we were enjoying the meal within 5 minutes of being seated.It didn't stop there, however. The servers just kept coming with even more specialty dishes, and if we had a bigger appetite, we could've sampled each one of them as they looked delicious. However, we stuck with the standard fare, and were quite pleased.We intend on going back there again this weekend, and we are going to try to sample the other dishes that we missed the last time.All in all, a wonderful Dim Sum experience!
5	Dim Sum also known as "yum cha" in Cantonese, I say this would be the most difficult Chinese cuisine to prepare. Not everyone can make them at home or they require all day and the right tools; so usually most Chinese rather go to a restaurant who serves Dim Sum. I have tried most of the Asian restaurants who serve Dim Sum and so far Phoenix Palace live up to the quality. The servers are always friendly and helpful when we request special orders. One of the reasons we choose here for family gatherings or celebrate special occasions.
4	The dim sum at phoenix palace is pretty good, we enjoyed everything.  I ordered something new in my book and that was the curry tendon- it was a bit chewy and was lacking the curry flavor but overall not bad.  My favorite part about dining here is when you sit down and all the ladies with their dim sum carts flock toward you!!
1	This place charges a cover fee. When we brought it up to the owner, they said a lot of places do it and that it covers for utensils, cleaning off the tables and Togo containers. I go to tons of dim sum and I've never heard of this! Then he said it was for the hot tea or water that they bring. I was never offered hot tea! This is a joke!
1	The waiter and waitress are rude! The cups are dirty with spot. The plates got residue stains still stuck on it.... really dirty. Water taste bad worse than tap water on ice. The food taste alright....some food are a little salty. But for chinese traditional food, I give it 3 stars but for the service a -2 star. Need a lot of work on the service.  Need real training on how to clean plates, tea cups and especially wine glass cups.
5	This is easily the best dim sum I have ever eaten. Phoenix Palace is a dim sum place, meaning it is exactly what you might expect - lots of carts pushing around delicious food, huge tables, and an energetic but nice atmosphere. You feel excited and energized being here, which I like. There are lines running out the door here, but service is fast, so the wait is never bad. The food is superb. Everything I tried - from the bao to the glutinous rice - was tasty and perfectly cooked. The spare ribs were excellently seasoned. I highly recommend the coconut buns, which basically blew my mind. I highly recommend this place!
4	Very good dim sum. Not truly exemplary but it was flavorful and filling without being overly salty or anything. The price was good but the selection was kinda so so (I have been told its better on weekends, we went around noon on a Monday) and the service was alright. There were only two carts going so it was pretty slow. One of the ladies was also pretty mean.Decent dim sum though!
