4	They keep a record of your preferences so they can repeat. They cut your hair quickly and well. A bit pricey, but coupons and rewards card help.  They offer free touch-ups after you've had a cut with them (it's not a full cut, but they'll get the fuzz off your neck and tidy up between cuts).
1	The Sport Clips store in South Gilbert has absolutely littered our whole housing complex with cards - in baggies - with rocks in the baggies - as some sort of cheap advertisement campaign. The problem is that they have literally placed about 1/3 of these unsightly deposits IN THE STREET in front of the houses. Another 1/3 are on the curb of the driveway and the other 1/3 are between the curb and the sidewalk. Not only is this very cheap and ugly but it also a violation of city litter laws and also planning and development solicitation laws. The advertisement is for Sports Clips 4622 S Higley RD Gilbert AZ 480-840-6880.This has really riled up the whole sub division and we are filing charges against the establishment and are willing to make this trashy-litter nuisance as public as possible. I called the establishment twice - morning and afternoon - but the have no owner or manager there to return my calls.
5	The girls here are all very sweet and they hook you up with a nice cut. They do a good job of keeping your preferences in the computer so you dont have to repeat your style every three weeks. The tvs are great and the MVP makes me feel like Im at a man spa!
5	Been going here for quite a while - since they first opened. Staff is always very nice and they do a great job. I always cringe whenever I'm forced to go somewhere else (e.g., if I'm out of town, etc) because I know that I'll get great service here so why jinx it.
4	We got a free coupon to go try this Sports Clip out.  I wanted my husband to use it, but he'd rather stick with his regular hairstylist.  So, my son was needing a haircut so I took him here.  It's close to our house, so convenient.After our vacation, his curls were out of control and school is starting in a couple weeks, so I thought I might get him his haircut.  It was free, except for the tip we gave.When we got there, it was probably 12:30 pm or so and there were a lot of people there.  The waiting area is small and that is my only complaint.  People had to stand outside to wait and it's a hot day.  The chairs are small.  They fit my son and I, but I could see that there were a number of men that came in much larger than me and they were spilling over in the seat.  Families of 3-6 came in and right there, it took up the majority of seating.  There might have been 11-12 seats total.   However, as they finished cutting people's hair, more people came in.  They didn't take long and there were 5 hairdressers that took turns.We saw a lot of people were repeat customers, so I guess they were happy.  I don't remember the woman's name that did my son's hair, but she made him look a lot better, neater and with a stylish haircut.   Normally we pay $8 for our son's haircut at his normal stylist and we'll stick with her.  It's not enough for me to pay the extra $6, and plus, I am very pro small business owner, and Sport Clips is a franchise.  Thank you for the free haircut for my son!!!
2	Bad haircut first time.  Went back a day later to get it fixed and they were not very nice. Still doesn't look good.
