4	A decent hotel for the price you pay. The fact they had a small gym was a super plus for me. Complex was safe to stroll around at night...you're situated right next to a hospital! The breakfast was good too, except the seating! During peak times at breakfast, don't be surprised to find yourself seated next to other guests staying at the hotel. Rooms are roomy and clean here. Staff can be sketchy when it comes to assisting you. Still worth staying here. Located a bit far from the main downtown area.
5	Awesome place to stay. Clean. floors look good and bedspreads are white and new looking.Staff. Housekeeping and front desk are super nice and helpful. Rooms. Beds are super comfortable. Before I leave I am checking the mattress label so I know what to buy for my own home.Location: Can't get any closer to hospital. NOthing beats being a minute walk away from the hospital when you have a loved one in there.Facilities: Pool and hottub are small but nice and clean. Not crowded. Not noisy. Fresh baked cookies at desk and coffee free all day. Great free breakfast in the morning complete with make your own waffles, eggs, meat, fruit, cereals, oatmeal, juices, and bagels, muffins and yogurt. fridge and microwave in room. Good prices.I stayed at the hilton in phoenix before coming here and this is far superior. Only problem... my fridge did not work and food I bought spoiled. We were given a free night for losing ten dollars worth of food.Great hotel!!
5	This place is NICE!  It doesn't have the glitz and glamor but it does have the essentials.  I was so impressed with the mini fridge and microwave.  I was completely shocked at the lap desk they provided!  The bed and pillows were so soft and comfortable.  Even the duvet was soft and warm.I didn't have much interaction with the staff other than to check in and out.  Either way they were nice with smiles.  I can't say anything about the free breakfast since we chose to go somewhere else for breakfast, but it did smell good when we passed by.The location is RIGHT next to a hospital but honestly I didn't hear a thing.  It was very quiet.  There were no obnoxious kids running down the hall or loud noises anywhere.The only complaints I have are that the toilets are oddly LOW.  I'm short and I felt I was squatting on the floor!  And also the little lotion bottle was only half way full...that's kinda gross at the thought that a stranger used it before me.  Very minor details though. All in all I can't wait to stay here again. Highly recommended!
3	I have to start this review by saying I am a fan of hampton inns.  Clean rooms, free breakfast, free wifi, and a decent price is usually the norm.Lately, I have had been bumping into the older variety and while the amenities are the same, they dont feel like they are worth the even low price.  This is one of those older hampton inns.  It was all in all just average.  The rooms were clean and had all the amenities, but they just looked liked they really needed updating/renovating.  The breakfast was the standard make your waffles, bagels, etc so no complains and the service was nice.I did not try the pool, but found the gym to be small and usable except for the fact that the one elliptical machine was broken (bummer).Would I recommend this location? Yes for convenience to the hospital and that is about it.
5	I really enjoyed staying here. The service and amenities were great!It's an Inn so the place is on the smaller side, but it offers more than most hotel chains and the staff was always available and friendly.  My room was clean and I liked the flat screen tv and the fact that I had a mini fridge in my room to save stuff in. There's a coffee maker and a microwave in the room too. A complimentary copy of USA Today was provided every morning and the staff was great about providing extra lotions, shampoos, soaps, and towels.There's free wi-fi in all the rooms and in the lobby. If you don't have a computer, there's even a computer and printer available in the lobby that is free to use. The pool and gym are open until midnight and breakfast is served for free in the mornings from 6-10am.  Bacon, waffles, juice, yogurt, sausage...all you can eat...woo hoo!Use your AAA card for an extra discount when booking online.
5	This Hampton Inn has just undergone a renovation.  Thus, the pictures uploaded by Rose are slightly outdated.  The rooms are MUCH cuter now.  I love Hampton Inn!  This chain has so much personality.  They must have hired interior decorators to design the renovations.  The variety of details, from the funky furniture, eclectic lighting fixtures, and patterned carpet go a long way to make you feel comfortable at your "home away from home." There is ample parking and the light rail is a quick 2 or 3 minute walk away.  I should note that this location is located right next to a big hospital.  I heard a medi-vac helicopter in the wee hours of the morning during my stay.  However, their insulation is really good so it was barely detectable.
4	I thought this Hampton Inn had all the necessary amenities to fulfill my needs.  The room was neat and clean.  They had a lovely breakfast each morning.  The location was great for the things I needed to get done.  Also, the staff was very professional and helpful.   Good job!  I will return to this Hampton Inn when I return to Phoenix.
3	Nice staff, very clean, and OK central location. Decor leaves a bit to be desired, however - the halls and rooms felt more like a minimum security correctional facility than a hotel. There are no "grounds" to speak of - it's basically just plunked down in a large patch of asphalt behind a shopping center. It will do for a quick overnighter, but if you plan to do anything more than sleep and shower during your stay, you're better off at any number of other hotels in the area.
2	I have arrived in the location after a long day of doing Search and rescue in Breezy Point.  I was greeted horribly by the guy who work there.  Lack of communication to the managementDoes not know how to talk to people
4	Clean, nice staff and a better than average Hampton breakfast.  Rate was a bit hoigh for other Hamptons in the PHX area.
4	Really nice rooms! Comfortable, friendly, includes breakfast. The design inside felt homey and didn't have the tacky comforters (thank goodness).
3	Well it's a mid-level hotel/motel.  Way better than your average Best Western and they do clean your comforter and sheets before you arrive and every 4th day afterward, so that's good.  My room kind of overly smelled like cleaner solutions on the first night, but that went away after I'd had a couple of mixed drinks (that I had to bring in myself because there is seriously no bars within walking distance that I could find online...  But there is a Walgreens about a block away, so that situation worked itself out...The staff was very nice and the continental breakfast was edible.The cleaning staff likes to leave the shower curtains on the outside of the tub, so when you take a shower and don't pay attention, all the excess shower water will pool up on the bathroom floor.Free WiFi across the entire building and the pool was a massive plus, and the brewed coffee in the morning was actually quite good even if they use mini moos creamers...  Maybe my expectations were a bit too high, but I did enjoy staying here.  I'd come again...
3	This place is mediocre at best. I've been to many Hamptons and only stay at Hilton properties and can't understand how this location is even in the 5 category.  Where should I start, i always prebook my hotel stays online on the hhonors mobile site, i got a room with 2 doubles for $62/night with AAA discount.  we drove late from Cali arrived after 11pm and I get to the front door to checkin and I find the front door locked,wtf. I had to ring a door bell and waited for 10 mins for someone to let me in and he looked like I was seriously bothering him and he never acknowledged my diamond member status which all locations always do nor asked or gave me any water or anything else, I felt cheated. The room I got was adequate but the floor was so filthy my son came out of the shower and walked around the room barefoot for a bit and the bottoms of his feet were dirty again. I was livid. My 5yr old complained the bathtub floor was dirty, i think it is actually stains but still, a 5 yr old noticed. their Beds were cozy, comfy and clean, supposedly comforters are cleaned for every guest so they get 2 stars for the comfy beds but the floors looked forgotten for at least 3 months or more! Clean the fricken carpets people.Breakfast was complimentary but the grossest I've had at a Hilton property to date. Coffee was just bad, eggs were grose some kind of frozen something.  Everything else was just iffy to try.  I travel alot for work and always try to stay at Hilton or Doubletree properties but occasionally have to book Hampton Inns when my regular hotels are sold out or the rate gets too high. I always get free breakfast because of my status and have had breakfast at other Hampton Inn locations before. This was by far the absolute worst. We stayed 2 nights here and needless to say the second morning we opted to pay for breakfast and went to the Good Egg around the corner, much better choice. Oh, and Starbucks was next door for even better coffee too.I hate giving bad reviews especially to my favorite family of hotels but this location was a big dud and major disappointment and next time I will go back to my favorite Phoenix hotel, The Hilton Airport location and pay the few extra dollars there to ensure my comfort and peace of mind, even if its a little out of the way.By the way, my checkout was a different story, the lady at the front desk was amazing, friendly, professional and asked how the stay was and if I wanted to take any cold water for the road trip home, only because of her does this place get an extra star. She was the hidden gem of this place.
5	Well I'm a big Hampton's fan, and so my review could be biased.  Hampton's breakfast is always pretty good.  The room comfortable and clean and there is always a plug for your phone charging needs, there is a desk, think pad, a mini fridge, and a microwave as well as coffee maker, and toiletries.   The staff is friendly, there is a laundry room, a pool and Jacuzzi, and gym all of which are open till 12 am.  They provide free water bottles at the reception, and have all the channels you might wish to watch on their TVs.  Also the lobby is very pleasant if you decide to sit and have a cup of tea or coffee.  Something that my boyfriend absolutely loved and therefore I have to mention: They put a little note stating that the covers and the duvet on the bed have been washed and are clean.
5	I'm a huge Hilton Girl fan.  This Hampton is very nice.  In a great location downtown.  Lots of tasty restaurants nearby.  Free warm cookie in the evening.  Free breakfast in the morning.  They even offer a packed breakfast baggie in case you are in a hurry and don't have time to sit down and eat.  Free wifi.  Staff is super friendly.
5	We stayed here last month and it's a nice place.  The staff was helpful and friendly.  It's located in a weird area of what first seemed like the parking lot of a huge hospital, but alas, it's just next door to one. This isn't a problem, but every so often a med-evac helicopter goes to the hospital.  It can be seen and heard, but it really didn't bother us at all.  In fact, my 3 year old liked to run to the window to see it when it would go by.  There's also a center nearby that has places to eat as well as a Starbucks, so that's pretty convenient.  The only issue I had was that the breakfast area is so teeny tiny and it's ridiculously hard to get in there at times.  We were there for 5 nights and we went down at different times each morning and it was pretty congested at all times.  It'd be nice if they expanded that area just a tad.
4	Nice and clean with adequate rooms, but like all Phoenix hotels in the cooler months it is pricey for what you get. Unfortunately that's what the market will bear so you can't fault them for charging what they do which was less than the competition! All in all a nice place to stay and much much much better than some flea bag rat holes I've stayed in
3	This is my first time to this Hampton Inn location. The set up is typical of other Hampton Inns. But, the staff is friendly and helpful unlike some other locations I have been to. I arrived before 3 PM and the front desk was able to put me into a room right away without fuss. The room is clean.I went to the Fitness Center in the late afternoon and discover the fitness closet instead. It was mislabeled as a Fitness Center. It was a small space with three pieces of equipment and a few balls. This fitness closet cannot accommodate more than 4 people at at time. So disappointed.
5	I stay at quite few Hampton Inns, but this one is unique. The proximity to the St Joseph's hospital lends this property to be used by many family of patients, and the staff is beyond nice, but rather super accommodating and compassionate. speaking to the front desk they offered the best and most reasonable rates for the week we stayed, better than anything online. everything in the hotel was clean and functioning and the breakfast area was stocked and pristine. Fresh coffee at all hours, and I really needed that. Our room keeper really took care of our mess, and every day. the room was fresh as new.There are no words that can express the gratitude for the extra steps they took to help my family during our darkest moments. truly a stellar staff, with hearts as big as the valley.
3	This is an okay middle rate hotel..But some of the staff should be replaced..We checked in late by a very polite man named Luke. The room was a bit dated but clean.We got up early for breakfast. Maria, the hostess was very nice but we felt quite sorry for her as a co-worker, Isabella, was ordering her around very rudely.We went to the desk to complain about how Maria was being treated by Isabella and were told it was none of our concern by an older woman named Sandy.The lack of common courtesy towards co-workers and customers is appalling.The only good, memorable points of our over nite stay was Luke, who checked us in and Maria who serviced us at breakfast.
5	Hampton Inn  Doesn't Disappoint A out of town  friend was scheduled for surgery and decided to stay at the Hampton Inn Phoenix Mid-Town/Downtown location. I have to say The Hampton Inn is a great place to stay.The Hampton Inn is a gem, the rooms are well kept, beds are comfortable, and the staff goes out of their way to make sure your stay is enjoyable . The Hampton Inn offers complimentary breakfast, free wifi, and these absolutely delicious  cookies at the front desk each afternoon. I could have easily ate a bunch of cookie (sometimes I did just that). The rooms are really quiet so  you can rest without any noise  disturbance from your neighbors and the Inn is  located near a variety of food choices within walking distance.If you are every looking for a great place to stay in the downtown area, give Hampton Inn a try.
4	Very nice hotel, with very good quality rooms and beds. Great location for Dignity Health.  Only several nearby dinner options. Nice common area with TVs.  Always friendly service.
5	I really enjoyed my stay at this hotel, the room is very clean and the staff are very helpful. Chuck the Assistant Manager went a  long way just to make my stay really comfortable. Beverly extended the breakfast  hours when she saw me checking in. Tiffany in the front desk made sure that my cab  arrived on time so I could make it to my business meeting on the schedule. I love this hotel and will definitely come back.
