3	Mexico City you may be my new go to mexican joint in the city.  I'm very happy to have found you and based on the line you are a secret no more.  Ray and I wanted to take advantage of the relatively nice weather (42' and cloudy) and go for a quick walk.  A client of mine had told me about this place and was pretty adament that it is the best authentic mexican in the Pittsburgh area.  We all know the usual spots (el camp, ray azteca, etc.).  However, I hadn't heard of this place.  THe place is pretty convenient.  Head down 6th and make a left on wood st. about a block away.  The relatively small storefront hides a surprisingly large restaurant.  We walk in and there is a line at the door and almost every table filled.  The place is pretty massive with a big bar in the middle of the area and small rooms tucked away on the sides.  We were lucky enough to find a spot in one of the nooks after only a short wait.  The place looks like you would expect, colors and decorations just like anywhere else.  The corner rooms are nice however because the one we were in had a plasma and a couple of couches in addition to a couple tables.  The tables are a little too close together and don't provide much privacy when it's crowded.  I suggest if you're going for lunch to go after 1 PM.  Waitress greets us quickly and is very friendly and they all seem genuinely filled with glee at their packed restaurant.  She brings over the tortilla chips which are okay albeit not warm and lacking a little salt.  She comes back pretty quickly and we place our order.  I was told the guacamole is a must have, so we order it and it arrives pretty quickly and the guy prepares tableside.  It's a big morter set and he asks how hot we like it.  We like it spicy, so he puts a bunch of jalapeno, cilantro, citrus, etc... and it's super delicious.  Maybe the best I've ever had.  Now, my only complaint is that it's a bit overpriced.  He used maybe 1/2 of an avocado and it was good for only a few chips worth.  Plus, much of the avocado was lost because it was in the crevases of the morter.  However, it's worth getting at least once because it really is good.  Ray, gets the chefs quesadilla which was okay, nothing too interesting and quite frankly a little bland and maybe a smaller portion than he would have hoped.  I get three tacos.  They have a two taco special for $7, but they had so many options I had to try more than two.  I order the lamb taco, which is good braised lamb served with cilantro and rice.  I also order the chorizo taco, which is certainly my favorite.  The sausage is spicy and flavorful and works well with the small soft tortilla shell and the flavor of the rice.  Lastly, I tried the chicken with pumpkin seed (?) sauce which was okay...actually, I was expecting a more bold or interesting flavor.  My only other small complaint is that it was close to an hour between the time we ordered and ate our entrees'.  I can see giving this place four stars in an update in the future.  I'll come when it's not so busy and work through the taco list to find ones I love.  They have about a dozen options and I'll try everyone.  I will be back.
5	Mexico City is the best lunch joint in downtown Pittsburgh, hands down. There are two locations, one on Wood St. and one on Smithfield. The original is on, Smithfield, but the new one on Wood St. is larger, and in my opinion, nicer. Also, the restaurant on Smithfield just obtained their liquor license and put in a nice bar. I haven't stopped in for happy hour yet, but I definitely plan to in the summer.I've tried many things on the menu, and I've been thoroughly pleased every time. However, my favorite is the Mexico City Burrito. No matter what you get, you will always leave full, so come hungry (and be prepared for the post-lunch nap). During Lent, they usually have a fish taco special that is awesome. It come with two fish tacos and tortilla soup.I've been to many Mexican restaurants all over the country, and I have to say, this is my favorite, and in my opinion, the most authentic. While the atmosphere isn't that of a 5-star establishment, the food is definitely 5+ stars. If your in downtown Pittsburgh, do yourself a favor and check this place out.
3	The guacamole is AWESOME and made fresh before your eyes table-side. Try the Black and Gold if you want to be a true yinsur Mexican!
4	Dinner tonight. Got there for happy hour. Had the house margarita for 4.00. Dinner was the big burrito. I would eat it again... and again... and again. Service was quick.It was hard for me to not go back.  But since it was my first time in Pit, I decided to try more places.  Tempting..Are there better Mexican places? Yes. Are they more expensive and fancy? Yes - think Loreal by Dupont Circle in DC. Bottom line, clean place with above average food at a good price.
1	yelp reviews can sometimes be deceiving. this was probably one of the prime examples. it's really tough for me not to give the benefit of the doubt in terms of service and quality of food, but with this place, i found it too difficult to give it to them.my friend and i arrived at this restaurant after i told my friend about the decent reviews of this place on yelp.  we were seated promptly, as there were only 4 people at the bar and 2 other tables occupied.  The waitress had a heavy polish accent, and her background/demeanor came to be a major hindrance throughout the whole meal.We were first served chips and salsa. Upon feeling the chip and taking the first bite, i instantly had the image of a grid of heat lamps flash through my head.  Indeed, it was the suspiciously hot but very un-fresh taste that had infected my mouth. the salsa helped to alleviate this pickle, but it could not make up for the fact that we were given old, lifeless, and so few chips.  Upon asking whether refills were free, we were told that another tiny basket of chips would cost us $2, half the price of a family pack of tortilla chips at a market (not to say that market tortilla chips taste better than a theoretically fresh chip here).upon making our quick decision of ordering tacos, the waitress came from the back of the restaurant.  my friend began (slowly so as to be comprehensible), "can i get a carne asada taco?"..........then came an awkward silence while she stared at him. she then asked "you want a taco?" "yes." "what kind of taco?" "carne asada..." ":: looks at the menu where my friend is pointing to the word carne asada::...oh ok ...car-ne a-sa-da....."   my friend had to go through the same process for the two other tacos  he got.  good thing i got a similar order.  we also ordered the made-tableside guacamole. i was telling my friend, "i hope the waitress doesn't end up being the one to prepare our guacamole..." and from the side of my eye, the waitress came, holding a mortar and pestle with one shaking hand (those things are heavy, let alone for a on-the-thin-side waitress holding it with one hand), and a tray of avocados and other guacamole ingredients with the other hand.  she placed the mortar and pestle right in the center of our 2 person table. two things wrong with this: 1. there's absolutely no more space on the table now. 2. i don't think the physical motion of using the mortar and pestle is good for the structure of the table. as if the moment couldn't get more awkward, she put all the ingredients in the mortar and proceeded to start using the pestle. like a geo metro trying to climb a san francisco street,  she struggled. it showed in her labored motions, it showed on her face. i tried to make conversation with my friend while she was doing this, so that it wouldn't seem that we were staring her down. during one hit of her pestle, i caught what i termed as "collateral damage". some liquid splashed onto my shirt, confirming my proposition that this should have been done on a separate cart or something. she stopped, nervously laughed and said "sorry", and continued mashing the avocados while nervously laughing. i finally told her to stop before she finished, since i told her that i liked it slightly chunkier.  she repeated what i said (probably out of nervousness), "you like it this way...haha... ok...."  the guacamole was too liquidy, presumably from the wrong ratio of onions and/or lemon juice to the amount of solids.our tacos came out 15-20 minutes after this ordeal, and to describe the meat as dry is conservative at best.  the food itself was colder than lukewarm, nearing room temperature.  we finished our food as fast as we could and headed out.never coming back here again.
3	Mexico City is probably one of the best of the bunch of Pittsburgh's Mexican restaurants.The new space they're in now is larger but still nicely decorated.Service here is generally pretty good; I've had long waits and shorts waits.The food is good, not great but good. The portion sizes are large enough. The chorizo or beef can be a bit dry at times. I do like the black & gold chimichanga - half of which is nacho cheese.Last time I went, I had the super burrito, which is a 1/2 a burrito mexico city and 1/2 black & gold burrito. And the salsa verde enchiladas are pretty tasty.The chips & salsa are good and unlike Las Velas, they don't charge you for them.
1	I have a difficult time believing that anyone giving a good rating for this restaurant isn't related to the owners.  My husband and I were downtown Pittsburgh looking for a quick bite to eat.  We entered this restaurant, and a female Russian server was behind the cash register, doing some kind of paperwork.  We stood there for quite a while as she ignored us, and finally I told my husband that we should just leave.  At that point, my husband asked her if anyone was going to come to seat us and she just looked at us blankly like an idiot and grabbed a few menus & seated us. When she asked us what we wanted to drink, I ordered a cocktail (because I don't drink beer), and she told me they didn't have it.  I looked at her and said "You don't have Vodka??!!" so she grabbed the bartender to come over, and of course, they did have it, she just couldn't understand  English.  We ordered burritos and we proceeded to sit and wait for at least a half hour, while we watched a large table of Mexicans (presumably friends or relatives) get golden treatment by having several servers running back and forth to cater to them, while we sat watching our waitress taking care of one of the Mexican's infant.  After the burritos finally came, they were the most pathetic burritos I ever had.  I ordered a chicken burrito, and my husband ordered a chorizo one.  Both of us had a difficult time finding much meat in our burritos, as they were just packed with rice and a few token pieces of meat.  They were tasteless and dry and not very hot.After we had to hunt down our waitress to pay the bill, she asked us how we liked our meal.  I told her it was horrible and unacceptable, and she looked at me like I had 3 eyes.  I would never, ever suggest this restaurant to anyone - the food and service was total garbage.
4	On a recent trip to Pittsburgh my friends and I were in the mood to start our day off with some margaritas.  Walking through downtown we found this place and were not disappointed.  The margaritas were strong and tasty.  My favorite had to be the guacamole which was prepared fresh at the table.  We tried a few other dishes and they were yummy!  The service was good and we had a great experience.
3	My experience here was fine.  The service was fast and friendly...as I was the only one in there for quite some time.  I ordered the Super Burrito which was a combo of the Mexico City Burrito and Gold & Black Burrito along with an Al Pastor taco.  The steak had good flavor but the nacho cheese sauce of the Gold and Black I could have done without.  The Al Pastor was tasty but the tortillas were a little dry.  My biggest gripe was that the beer was not very cold.
1	Much like the other Mexico City locations the food here is pretty good. Unfortunately due to the terrible lunch time service I don't think I'll be returning. My party of 7 arrived at 11:45, before the lunch rush hit. We ended up not getting our food till after 12:45. When the food was finally delivered several orders were wrong (asked for just sour cream, given everything but sour cream, ordered two tacos, given and charged for the 3 taco meal, etc.) After sending one of the items back to be corrected we asked for our checks, and asked if they could be separated. We were told that they wont do separate checks for groups over six because "it takes too long." Finally after being there for an hour twenty (only have an hour for lunch) we were able to get out of the door. Though the food was good, due to the service and long wait I will not be returning.
2	Ummm...no.Wanted to hit this place for a while due to good Yelp reviews, but I'm rarely downtown for lunch.  Pretty disappointing.  Service was a little slow, and I was there after the lunch rush, one of two guys sitting at the bar.  Waited for a while for my check and finally just walked over to the register.  They were very friendly - just didn't seem completely on top of things.Food was pretty bland.  The barbacoa taco was okay, the chicken was like microwaved frozen chicken bits.  Definitely not worth $3/taco.  It's pretty bad if this is the best Mexican place downtown. Decor in the Wood St. location isn't bad, though.  Colorful, if a bit dark for a "festive" decor.  Futbol on the TVs, though.  Can't go wrong with that.
2	Well, let me start by saying that I don't claim to be a Mexican expert.  I enjoy Mad Mex and I'm not an expert on "authentic" Mexican food.  I can vouch that I've enjoyed Mexican places here, San Fran and also in the motherland (of Mexico).  What I will say about this place is that there is no excuse for stale chips....or bad side dishes...So first impression doesn't start well if you've been served stale chips.  YUCK!  I also was SUPER into the Horchata drink I received in San Fran so I wanted to try it at what some people say is an "authentic" Mexi place in the Burgh.  It was really just awful!  It was like the Cinnamon flavor was WAY too strong.  GROSS....didn't even drink it after the first sip.  For the entree I ordered the Mexico City Chicken Enchiladas.  I actually didn't mind these. The shrimp red sauce topping was fab (and I loved the shrimp) and the chicken was great.  It wasn't shredded, which I really hate getting in Mexi restaurants because I feel like they just take it out of a can.  Speaking of can, the side dish of Zucchini tasted like it was out of a can of Veggie Campbell's soup.  Really weird side dish.  Not a fan.I was really disappointed with this place because I had heard so many good things from some trusted Mexi experts.  They will still be my friends...however this place will not be on my food friendly list ever again!
1	As much as I wanted to like this or give this place one or even two more stars I just can't.Where to start? I will say on a positive note that I loved their salsa (there is the 1 star), however, please don't serve me delicious salsa with stale chips. I know they're free but they should still be fresh.The wait staff seemed quite confused the entire time. Everyone at my table essentially ordered the same exact meal and they couldn't for the life of them figure out who had what. Not a difficult tasks when two people order chicken and one orders steak.I went there for lunch and considering I was downtown I figured they'd be a lunch menu or specials read to me and neither were true. There may have been lunch specials, but I was not told them. I think $12.49 is a little expensive when you're on a social lunchThe food in general was so meh. I've been to places with authentic Mexican food. I'm not a person who just eats Taco Bell and says, I love Mexican. I've been to places in Florida and California where you know you're having the real deal and in comparison to that it truly failed. The food was spicy hot, but that's it. I got no other flavor but hot. Give me some spices, not just spicy. I could have easily just added some Frank's red hot to it if I wanted my mouth to burn.  The portions were a good size, however, I didn't want to finish what I did so it size wasn't a factor.As much as I love Mexican food I am so surprised how long it took me to get to Mexico city. As bad as my experience was I'd be even more surprised if I ever stepped foot in there again.
2	This place is more inconsistent than outright bad.  It is more authentic than the fast food joins that claim to be Mexican or MadMex.Our most recent visit was during the lunch rush (mistake numero one) and our party of four all ordered the same dish with a different protein (mistake numero dos).  The chips were not deal-breaker stale, but I refused to try to Guac since 1) the gentleman was only wearing one glove and 2) not a big fan of avocado.  A good (we did have fun talking and mingling in the loud quarters) forty five minutes passed before our meals arrived which turned the table into an eating frenzy since we were stretching the definition of a lunch hour.Mistake numero tres was made then we asked for separate checks.  Apparently our overburdened (to her defense, the house was PACKED) waitress didn't catch our request right off the bat when we first sat down.  After fifteen minutes of muttering in Spanish (which BTW I'm from Puerto Rico so I really didn't appreciate what was muttered) we all got our checks.At first I was going to give it a one-star.  But my burrito and the rice with beans were really good so I would return for the food itself.  The service and the timing of our visit ... those left it wide open for improvement.
4	Um really, 2 1/2 stars for this joint?!?  I'm shocked just shocked!  I noticed their Smithfield location is 4 stars, and this seems more inline with what I think.  However I'm reviewing here, because this is the location that I frequent most, since it's only a few blocks from my workplace.  This is my group's place, at least once a week!  The hot fresh salty chips with the spicy cilantroyee salsa is muy yum!  Table side guac, yes please... with extra jalapenos.  This is most certainly a lunch place, the service is fast & efficient, and the food is fresh & yummy.  I have eaten here for dinner before, and they are not known for their alcoholic drinks, and aren't uber busy during those hours.  I would stick to their lunch hour to be guaranteed a fantastic AUTHENTIC new Mexican meal.  Must tries: TABLE SIDE guac, chicken enchiladas with just about any sauce, quesadillas, and their taco salad.  MUY MUY YUM!
4	Food: Mexico City offers the standard fare food that you can expect to get at most Mexican places in the city, but everything seems to taste more authentic and true to actual Mexican food than the standard Americanized Mexican cuisine.  There are multiple versions of everything you'd expect like tacos, enchiladas, burritos, and fajitas, plus soups, stuffed peppers and other options if you're not looking for something stuffed in a tortilla.  There is a separate vegetarian section of the menu with 6-7 items, and most can be made vegan.  I've tried the stuffed poblano pepper, which I didn't think could be beat, until I tried the vegetarian burrito.  It is the best vegetarian burrito I have had in the city.  The same massive size as any other burrito, with twice the flavor.  But the real treat of Mexico City is the guacamole, which they make directly in front of you at your table.  You can have it made from mild to very spicy, and every iteration I've had is awesome.  And all meals come with unlimited chips/salsa.Price: You can eat your fill for a very reasonable price at Mexico City.  Two entrees, a bowl of guacamole for two to share and tip comes to around $30.  The cocktails are fairly priced and there are always specials.  And don't forget great Happy Hour specials as well.Drinks: As I mentioned above, there are always specials, and they have plenty to beer and liquor to choose from.  The margaritas are huge and tasty, and they can be made with a myriad of tequilas.  Atmosphere: Unlike most of the Mexican restaurants in Pittsburgh, Mexico City celebrates and embraces Mexican culture.  Instead of Top 40 or indie music blasting through the dining room, Mexican music plays, and you may even walk into a salsa party.  There are small and large tables; the dining room is large and can accommodate groups of all sizes.  The bar is large too and has big TVs to follow the Steelers or Pens while downing a margarita.  The Wood St. location has one drawback, which is, of course, its location.  Parking is difficult, and you have to get lucky to get a spot on Wood St. anytime before 7PM.Service: The staff has always been friendly, willing to answer questions and prompt with food and bill.  They will warn you if they are busy and the entree will be served prior to the guacamole, which is personally made at the table.  This doesn't negatively effect dinner at all, but its a nice courtesy to know ahead of time.  They refill your chips/salsa and water often.(+): authentic Mexican food for a great price, cheap and strong cocktails, friendly service(-): locationWould I go back again? If I'm downtown, I go out of my way to walk to Mexico City for lunch, dinner, or Happy Hour.  Unfortunately, due to its location, I probably wouldn't drive downtown just to go unless I was really craving a big bowl of guac.
3	My book club met here to discuss "World War Z" over some Mexican food. The menu is very standard -- nothing out of the ordinary. Several members of my group noted that the salsa was excellent, not too spicy and not too sweet.I got the super burrito which was good. Had a zing to it and it was like getting two burritos because half had a mole sauce and the other half had a tomato based sauce. The menus were a bit worn. However, our server was very friendly and our food came out pretty quickly. A member of my group had asked for no green peppers with her shrimp fajitas and the server could not accommodate that request because the vegetables are premixed. Another person asked for no tomatoes and got the same result.Our server was unable to split checks for the group (they don't split checks for parties larger than 5). This was understandable but our bill was not itemized so it proved a little challenging to figure out what everyone owed. The bill we were given was a handwritten check similar to what you would get at a deli. Overall, I liked my experience here for your standard Mexican cuisine. It wasn't really anything to write home about but for a casual lunch or dinner, it was adequate.
2	Why do I even bother with this place?  The guacamole fresco.  It's awesome.  A whole avocado mashed with cilantro, onion and jalapeno before your very eyes.  Unfortunately there's nothing really worth putting it on.  They're stingy with the chips, and I prefer thinner; I've already had bad experiences with both their pork and their black-and-gold enchiladas; and now I have experienced their undercooked quesadilla with a sliver (2 millimeters?) of cheese between the layers.  Maybe a nice margarita on the rocks would help?  Not unless you like Triple Sec and Kool Aid.  Next time I'll just bring a bag of Tostitos.
5	One of my favorite places in the city! I wish people would go more, it's empty most of the time I've been there for dinner. All the prices are reasonable and the food tastes authentic to me!
1	What happened? The other Mexico City locations shut down, only this one exists now - the menu has been pared down and somehow something has changed ... for much worse. Maybe it was a change in management? I don't know...but I think that whoever runs the place should try being their own customer and objectively taste the food and look around and see how bland this place has become.The chips served with the salsa were old and stale. My fountain coke was flat, it tasted like syrup - no carbonation. The price of tacos went up to 3 dollars per taco - i mean thats kinda steep for a little tortlla with a tablespoon of filling.. my barbacoa and pork tacos were flavorless - the meat was unseasoned. The tortilla was fine but not even heated..They no  longer have horchata.. this made me pine for Reyna's food cart or wish I had headed over to vicky's. To add to the mediocre food experience the waitress (albeit very nice) left us sitting there for 15 minutes after we asked for the check. Will not be coming back again.
4	Truth be told, the options for Mexican food within the city of Pittsburgh are beyond what one would call limited. Aside from the chains like Qdoba, there really are only two that I can think of to choose from - Las Velas and Mexico City.As far as I'm concerned, they're both worth the time and tastebuds. Las Velas is more glitzy fancy, and Mexico City is more basic nitty gritty. One is location, location, location, with higher prices, and slightly better food, and one is off the beaten trendy path, with only slightly lower prices, and a much smaller menu. Although the much smaller menu seems to have developed some time in the last year.Mexico City is a decent restaurant for standard Mexican fare, and although I do have to say that it seems to be on the downslide in patronage and atmosphere, the food is still the same good quality.When I went the first time a couple of years ago, the atmosphere was brighter, there were a few more occupied tables, the music was existent but not overbearing, there was a lot of staff running around keeping things going, and they were engaging.This time around, the back half of the restaurant seemed to not even have the lights on, except for a few people at the bar we were the only other diners in the place, and there seemed to be one waitress, two guys going in and out of the kitchen, and one child of one of the staff, there was almost no noise except for the yinzer trailer park gal cackling at the bar, and the silenced television seemed stuck on the doom-and-gloom Hispanic news channel, which kind of looked like a long episode of 'Cops' on steroids.It was 5:30 pm on a Friday, and there were no customers. Which really was a shame, because the food was just as good as it had been, albeit sans a little of the extra 'glitz' that used to be attached.I ordered the Guacamole and chips to start us off. The menu had been pared down to a two-sided one-page deal, whereas it used to be several pages with more descriptions, but the Guacamole description even said 'prepared tableside'.  It wasn't prepared tableside, as it had been in the past, but it was still good when brought to the table. The chips were just right, light and crispy, without a heavy stale oily nature, and Guac, although it did seem a little skimpy on the ingredients, was still tasty, although a bit steep at $9 for a serving for 'four' which really only barely fed two.My friend ordered enchiladas, and I ordered the 'Super Burrito' which is a large burrito stuffed with steak, rice and beans, cut in two, with two different sauces. The steak was very flavorful and tender, the burrito was very well stuffed, and they hadn't cut any corners on the sauces - they were still as good as they'd been under a more light atmosphere.The bill, including tip, for the appetizer, two entrees and two sodas (Coke people, thank goodness!) was under $40, and we were full, and our tongues were not disappointed.It always seems so sad to me to see downtown restaurants plain empty after work, and though I know the trend spots like Market Square will be filled, it makes me nuts that people here won't walk a block or two in a different direction to try something other than the trendy spots. Generally speaking from my experiences, the 'trendy' spots in da burgh usually end up being overpriced toy food.I'm not sure what I can say to boost the business of Mexico City. The atmosphere was very sad...but why liven it up for one table? Another couple did come in toward the end of our meal, but at 5:30 on a Friday, there should have been a hell of a lot more people there. The food is good...and that's what I go out to 'eat'. I don't chow down on atmosphere.But hey - we had a good meal - in peace. No other pesky customers to annoy us. I just hope they're still there in a year.
5	Alright people, this is as good as it gets in PITTSBURGH. You all know the city isn't the greatest with Mexican food, but this place is the exception. I'm from Los Angeles, the messiah of Mexican food...and I always go to Mexico City for their tacos. It's not as cheap as LA, of course not because of the lack of Mexican food in Pgh, but their wet burrito is pretty good, their beers are cheap, it's never crowded, they are super friendly and prompt with service, and I love their carne asada tacos. It comes with rice, which I'm not used to, so sometimes I'll ask for it with everything except rice. I give them credit for keeping their menu simple, authentic, and satisfying. I love that's in Downtown and walking distance. There's not much cultural food like them in downtown, so it is definitely appreciated. I've been to Las Velas and hated it and really, you can't compare this place to that when their dishes and way of serving food and preparation is totally different.
