5	Love Chipotle and super stoked this one has opened near the house! As it is new, the store is very clean. Staff is super friendly and the food tastes the same as any other Chipotle, Delicious!  I have to go to another location  to be certain, but either prices went up or this location  is a tad bit pricier. I only say this because I am used to hearing "that'll  be 1.80 extra for guac" but here it was 1.95.   Not a deal breaker for this chick. Lay it on me! Om nom nom.
4	Overall, there has been many changes to Chipotle.  One thing I have noticed is that they put less and less rice in their bowls.  Overall, it is the wife's favorite fast food restaurant.  One thing to keep in mind, their quesarito is super expensive.  It can range from $6.65 - $11 (depending on who is ringing you up), and the you can put more on the bowl.
1	Been to several Chipotles and was happy this one opened up so close at first.... Been about 5 times and they were decent enough the first couple of times to go back but will never go again! Service is the worst of any I have ever been to. The past 2 times the carnitas was not even cooked all the way and all fat. Service at the counter is pathetic and doesn't even listen, you have to correct them constantly. When you check out, depending on who rings you up, you get a different price every time!!! Do not go here!! Rip off!!!! Manager even stands by as workers screw up and does nothing!!!
1	I ate on this location the other night.  I have eaten at various chipotles across the country for years.  Anyhow I order the normal salad with brown rice extra steak guac, salas with lots of peppers and onions.  After a few minutes I began to feel a burning and numbing sensation on my tongue as if the food was extra spicy which it wasn't because they only used the mild salsa.  I then noticed the steak tasted very tinny.  I stopped eating the food immediately.  All night my mouth felt tinny and bizarre.  Unfortunately worse things started happening which I won't describe.  Not sure if the meat was undercooked or spoiled but it tasted very weird.  I will never eat at this location again.
1	Walked into this chipotle tonight to get a $4 quesadilla. Asked for a side of salsa and the girl stated that she had to ring it up as a burrito. Huh???? So my $4 quesadilla is now an $8 burrito cause I wanted a side of salsa. The cashier seemed clueless and didn't understand why this was messed up. Will never go to this location again as they don't do this anywhere else. Get a clue. I called 4 other chipotles and none of them do this. They just give you salsa free of charge.
1	At this location chicken is always burnt. They don't scrape/clean grill and cook chicken on black surface.
