4	It's alright of a market. I go for produce which is nice on select items- fruits and greens have been lovely here lately. Like every market inland, it seems there are "off" times, but the produce manager does fairly well with keeping it fresh and neat.   Soda is usually on sale (BF drinks Sierra Mist Ruby Splash) so we roll in to stock his drink.I go here when I'm at Blockbuster or if I can't find something at Smiths which is closer to my house.
4	Getting a remodel
2	I was a little disappointed. I was never really a big of Albertsons much less this location but heard it was remodled so i went in with the wife the other day to check it out. Yes, I do like the new look better from how it was before, it is much less cluttered and just very simple, it feels much more clean and spaced out. The prices on the other hand have not changed at all since it opened. I was hoping to find a nice new market out in this area that I could call my own as the Smith's at Durango and Elkhorn is just wayyyy too busy and very cluttered inside. I'll have to skip on this one for now. I'll stick to getting groceries from Fresh & Easy or the Target with food on North Decatur, both have very competitive prices.
4	I stopped here yesterday to say hello to an old friend who transferred from the Albertsons where I normally shop to this location.  It was great seeing him again.The store is laid out pretty much the same as every Albertsons.  I picked up a few items and was on my way after a quick self check out.
5	Sabra J in the deli section is the only person since I've been going there had great customer service. 5 stars for Sabra and her great customer service
4	This is the closest grocery store by the house.  It is very convenient, and it is 24hrs, so it works well with my weird schedule!They don't have the cheapest prices, especially their liquor and wine, but for the most part it is fair.The cashiers are very cool here though...usually hooking it up with coupons and telling me about certain savings like when new Blu Rays get released, they usually throw in free popcorn, candy, drinks etc.  Cool value!
5	Close to the house, I like it.  (I'm a HUGE Costco customer but use this place when I need to grab something I had forgotten)
4	I rarely shop here but when I do it's always super clean and they have a great selection of everything. The aisles are always perfectly organized and look like a picture out of a magazine!  I like the wine selection and the Starbucks inside is nice too. It is a little expensive though, which is why I don't shop here too often.FYI: They have their own florist on staff here you can always find a nice fresh arrangement that looks great.
5	Very clean -all fresh meats and produce. They have a Starbucks right inside the store. I like this storeJust wanted to say every time I go to this store it is in the best shape, one of the cleanest stores I've been in
3	This place is so close to my house. I used to go here a lot. Now I see they took away the loyalty cards so the discount savings is gone. The cashier states they dont need a card as they post all the savings up front. I think NOT. Ive been shopping here for 6 plus years and all I can see is the prices got higher. Sad sad sad. I guess I will be going to Smiths from now on. Its only 2 blocks away.
5	Absolutely immaculate! We all know I hate dirty things. But this store can't be called clean you must use a word such as immaculate. I'm as happy as a divorced or exwife who got all his money in the divorce....that I found this store. Oh GOD they have employees who know where items are! Wow imagine that. Oh GOD it's a starbucks inside here as well. Well, hush my mouth! Let me define heaven for you better yet naw allow me to show you....so meet me at this Albertsons Food & Drug.  It's the best location eva!
4	I have avoided Albertson's religiously for years because their prices have consistantly been much higher than any other grocery store. A recent relocation has left me longing for a new grocery store. Unfortunately, Albertson's, along with Fresh and Easy are by far the most convenient to my new digs. I drove a little further to visit the neighborhood Smith's and could not find any parking. I bit the bullet and went to Albertson's. They were busy, but not over crowded and I was able to find parking immediately. To my surprise, their prices seemed to be a little more comparable than I remember. I think they have recently made some major price adjustments, have done away with the "Albertson's Card" and offer the savings to everyone. They are still higher on a lot of items, but there is a lot to be said for convenience. I was impressed by the cleanliness of the store. The produce section is huge and loaded with fresh produce. They have a large selection of beer and wine and a nice meat department. I will definitely return and may consider making this my new home for grocery shopping. In my book, any place that houses a Starbucks deserves a second chance.
3	Recent ownership change has been good bit it's still pricey here I find smiths to be better prices but this location has a cleaner stocked look and prices to match that device level. 10% more
4	Clean and convenient to my home. Prices are sometimes higher than other grocery store but you often get what you pay for. Even when they are busy it seems they always have enough staff to handle it.
