3	Charming Charlie is an inexpensive, well-merchandised jewelry store that just opened a location in the Waterfront in mid-October. The product is lower quality, but there are some good finds here. On average, necklaces cost about $15, and bracelets cost about $10. The store is very pretty and merchandised by color and style. If you're looking for a very particular color or style of (inexpensive) jewelry, this is the place to come! While I was shopping, a manager came and checked on me multiple times. However, I was unimpressed with the little sales associate who rang me up. She was a very sweet girl but still needs some additional register training and coaching. Overall, this is a cute little shop, a great place to browse, and a nice addition to the Waterfront.
3	I love how these stores are merchandised, it makes a colorholic like me happy when i can go right to the rose gold section or quickly find a turquoise clutch.  My only wish? A section devoted to hypoallergenic baubles!
4	There IS an accessory heaven! I found out about Charming Charlie relatively recently and have to say I wish it had been in my life a lot sooner - not that it needs to be, given my already extensive collection of jewelery...what can I say? I love my accessories!During my first visit here I intended to just browse and head on to the rest of my day after 15 or 20 minutes. I quickly realized that my stop in wouldn't be a short one. There was just so much to see! In fact when you walk in the sheer amount of accessory goodness may overwhelm you. The store is divided up by color and each section has rows upon rows of jewelry, hats, watches, a few clutches and handbags, and more to explore. The range of jewelry is impressive too - you'll find tiny delicate items, big and bulky statement pieces, sparkly items, trendy pieces, classically inspired pieces...there's definitely a decent range of stuff in here.Keep going towards the back and you'll find some super cute phone decorations and covers to go with your new accessories. There's also clothing items in here as well - shirts, pants, dresses - although I didn't really bother trying anything on during my visit. Not that the clothes here weren't cute, but...not to sound like an idiot, but where were the changing rooms? I think I saw maybe one changing room - is that all that's here? And it was locked when I tried it, but I couldn't tell if someone was using it or if to get in I would have to bother one of the super busy staff members and interrupt the flow of the really long line of people ready to make their purchase. (And honestly, if it was the latter, I just wasn't comfortable doing that and wish I didn't have to.)Well, my own silly confusions regarding the changing rooms aside, I still left with an enormous bead statement necklace and simple but pretty green-and-gold charm necklace. I would love to shop here again soon but probably won't be able to, unless I can make room for more adorable accessories. Definitely stop in and see what you can find sometime - everything in here was both stylish and affordable. Win-win!
