4	I had to wait half an hour to get my hair cut.  Yes I was a walk-in, but I never wait this long to get my hair cut.  I was bit apprehensive about this experience since it is so difficult to go to a new place and the barber/stylist not know what you want.  Kimmie was awesome though, she KNOWS how to cut a guys hair.  I was surprised to find that she was using Barber Clippers rather than the Stylist Clippers with guards that are used in Florida.  I could have gotten a Five-Aught had I wanted to go that short -- TOO COLD!  Kimmie worked wonders and moved rather quickly.  I was very happy with the hair cut she gave me for two very big reasons:1. She could do a true military high taper without having to be coached.2. She actually listened to what I wanted and didn't impose her own thoughts on the situation.YES!  HOME RUN!  I will return!  And no, I did not have an appointment.  I just showed up 30 minutes before they closed. CAUTION: This store is located in an odd strip plaza.  Don't park in the one way parking area or you will get stuck in traffic.  Park in the area between the PNC and the Bruesters.  You may have to walk an extra 5 feet, but you will cut 30 minutes out of your wait time.
4	If you are looking for a solid men's cut, call ahead and request Kevin.  Most Supercuts staff spend 12-15 mins. on a mens crew cut and the results are often questionable at best.  Kevin takes his time, does a GREAT job blending, and goes over everything a few times to make sure you leave looking sharp.   I won't go to anyone else.
2	I guess that I sport a very simple haircut and like to keep it that way. Unfortunately, the person who cut my hair here must have slipped with the razor just behind my ear and tried to make it look normal by cleaning it up and making the other side look the same. Since I don't typically look at myself for extended periods of time, I actually didn't notice until last night when I was washing my hands in a resteraunt bathroom.  I will be speaking with manager come Monday. I had no wait and the lady who can't cut my simple hair do was very nice, until she didn't say oops I sort of f*'d your hair up. It isn't really bad and I'm not horribly upset but it IS noticeable! It would have been nice if she said something to me about it. I think this warrants a refund of my money. I will let you all know if I got my money back.
3	Well returned to Supercuts this afternoon and they agreed that my hair was a little...well...oddly cut behind the ears. Gina (manager) offered to blend it in, but unfortunately I had no time as I was on my way to the airport. I may get it touched up later this week. She was apologetic and offered my next cut to be free. So I am pretty stoked about a free cut and I'm not sure if I should just wait for my hair to grow back or get it touched up.
