1	This would have been a negative 5 if I could have.  We had the Realtor Adrianna Durfee Klink.  We had the most unpleasant experience I could have ever imagined.  She was so unprofessional and almost psychotic at times.  I spoke in person to the owner once and once again on the phone regarding her behavior,but he tried to defend the ridiculousness, but then could not because even he realized that what she said and did was unacceptable.  I feel the need to warn people about this co. and agent so that they may spare themselves the grief and stress and regret that I now feel.  I love my house...oh yes but I was actually the one that found it!  She got the 7+K commission for nothing.
1	The nightmare of my life... I can't post the review if I will not roll over a star, sorry for the one star....    I want to rent my house in Queen Creek, AZ,  and I worked with Tom Domschke, Director of Property Management .I did not receive a copy of the A/C invoice until after I asked for it.    He did not seek authorization for the repair of the A/C which was over the $300.00 limit. He didn't screen the people, know I have problems.  He was unprofessional and disrespectful, screaming, cursing, slamming the phone on the hard surface during our conversation, he need to see a doctor ASAP.  I spoke with Chris Oster , Broker, and he was trying to defend Tom, they are all the same... I am not working with Visionary Properties, I cancel my property management agreement, and picked a new company. I feel the need to support the first review from 2010, and to warn the people about Visionary Propertis. RUN... RUN... and never look back...
4	I have Visionary Properties managing my old house as a rental.  So far they seem to be doing a good job.   What do you want from one of them?1. keep you up to date on house issues.2. Monthly Reports3. Monthly Rent checks.So far it all works!   5 months and counting.
1	I would also give them a -5 because of how horrid they were to us.  We lived in our rented house in Queen Creek for 2 months.  The first walk through the lady, Janine, was very nice and said when we move out they are really easy on the final walk through so not to worry about much.  Well we were idiots and were not there when they did the final walk through.  We moved about 2 1/2 hours away and couldn't make it back to Queen Creek.  We were waiting for our security deposit check and to our surprise we got a bill for $15 and they used all $845 of our security check.  When we moved in the landscaping was horrible.  Overgrown weeds and no grass and just ugly.  Well they charged us $395 for front and back landscaping.  The weeds grew a little longer but thats about it.  Then we also got charged $290 for the blinds in the master bedroom because Janine COULDN'T OPEN THEM!!! They were in perfect working order when we left and she went ahead and bought new ones because she couldn't figure out how they worked.  Then we were charged $290 for carpet cleaning even though we cleaned the carpets ourselves and we were only there for 2 months.  My husband called to talk to them and everyone just kept passing him off.  When he talked to Janine she argued and hung up on him.  NEVER NEVER NEVER rent from these people.  They are crooks.
5	I have referred Visionary Property Management to many of my clients.  As a Realtor, I want my clients to get the top property management service available.   Their staff is knowledgable, and goes the extra mile to make sure everything is done right!
5	Adriana is fantastic. Just a great overall experience, she definitely earns her money. We bought our house through her after having a brutal experience with another realtor. We just listed the same house through Adriana and she was similarly amazing, took care if everything from repairs to photography, she wrote a great description on the MLS which makes a big difference. She had 3 --Over asking price- offers for us within 2 days. Super fast and responsive.
1	I would of given it even less stars if I could have.  I have never purchased a home before.  First experience with a Realtor and it was horrible, so much so that I have stage fright even considering using one now.  Her name is Stephanie Cross.  I intend on filing a complaint as soon as I figure out who to contact.
