4	Been to Le Hair quite a few times as my bff who now lives in Vegas introduced me to this great salon. Only $25 for a cut/dry and never unhappy :) thanks Le Hair for having great service and prices!
5	I went here for the first time this week. Anna did my hair and it turned out amazing. She was fun and interactive while she styled and cut. She really knows what it means to be a stylist. I hate when you go places and you have that awkward silence, broken with "look down" or "hold still". This didn't happen here, we laughed we talked she cut. I already scheduled my next appointment with her for color. The salon it self its all decked out in Marilyn Monroe pictures and has that 1950's glam feel. I would highly recommend this salon and especially Anna personally.
1	I went there on a spare of the moment decision  because it is near my house. Only one stylist was there. I wanted an all over dark color and a trim on my layers; simple. The result was dye all over my forehead, neck and face. The haircut wasn't thinned out, it was heavy and lob-sided!! Bad job, I will never go back. Other customers were waiting, I asked her if she was in a rush, she insisted she wasn't. She said the other stylist that usually closes with her called out. :-( still, very bad job. Oh, when I got there there were other stylists there on the phone talking about how bored they were and that they should leave, which they did, even though the stylist that did my hair suggested they shouldn't. Overall bad business!!
5	Came here last week and got my hair done, Love this place as they have such a great atmosphere as everyone there is so Nice! My hair Stylist Lisa is the best, and such a sweet Women! So glad i came and plan to only go there!!! Very happy Love my hair!
1	Extremely unprofessional, owner not willing to step up and make things right when a stylist does a horrible job! Had ombre done here. I have dark brown hair. I really like how blonde the stylist got my tips, but the ombre blend was non existent! As my husband put it, it looked like they put a bowl over my head and bleached the hair below the bowl! It was awful! Apparently, when doing ombre, a lot of teasing of the hair is required for a nice blend, THIS DID NOT HAPPEN!!! I contacted the stylist the next day, Friday, to see if she could fix it. She didn't respond to me. One of the other girls told me the soonest she could get me in was the following Wednesday! I had a party and a business meeting between then and Wednesday and couldn't be seen in public with my hideous hair. I called the shop and asked if the owner could fix it, the owner never actually got on the phone with me but said one of the other girls could fix it but they would have to charge me.... what, really? You would think they'd fix it and get the money from the stylist that did a crap job. I ended up going in and a girl named Yadira brought the brown down and it blended better. I was actually willing to be seen with my hair down. She did a nice cover up job. Unfortunately, I paid $45 more for this and the brown is starting to wash out 2 wks later (not Yadira's fault). So in a couple of weeks I'm going to have to do some thorough research and go to a salon that actually knows how to do ombre and spend an additional $130+! Aside from not blending, my blonde/light brown is really blotchy. When my hair is straight you can see the dark patches on the blond. Thankfully, I can cover that up when I curl it. I'm not bashing all of the stylists here, but do your homework before going here. I was really disappointed in the lack of concern from the owner and my initial stylist.
