5	This restaurant has been opened for 7 weeks now so it was the perfect time to try it. Made a RSVP at the bar for 7 pm on a Friday night. It has been packed every night since they have been open, which is from tue to sat. The service was amazing. We were greeted by fresh bread with the most amazing olive oil, which I normal never have since most of restaurant serve old/ bad olive oil. Theirs was amazingly fresh!!! We had rabbit pate and porcini risotto balls, they were amazing and filling! Our main course was the quails and black cod, which was just perfectly cook! The flavors were all there, really! The hunter sauce of the quail was quite something!After describing what type of wine I like to Ryan, he recommended a 2003 Bandole which was right on! We were off to a good start! It just made our night much better! Emma, the chef, came to visit us couple times and gave us some great recommendations. Would definitely recommend it to everyone who wants great fantastic simple tasty food with a casual yet cozy and chic atmosphere.Run and try it! :)PS i heard that the name of the restaurant was named after Emma's grandma's name, pretty cool!PPS they have 1/2 portion available so you can taste more plates! Tapas style kinda.
4	This place needs more reviews so people will be enticed to go there.We were there on a saturday night for a friends birthday and we were not disappointed! Nice ambiance, good music, busy, but attentive staff. I believe the cook used to be at the Liverpool House (sic Joe Beef). It is in an odd location, which makes parking easy to find, and after dinner we walked up to Crescent Street, so not too far from the action. Impressive wine list.My husband had the pumpkin ravioli (1/2 size is 3 largish ravioli) as a starter. It was like eating little pumpkin pies, so delicious but with a little kick. A friend had the winter vegetable salad and swears he could eat one everyday for lunch! I had the rabbit pate but I thought it was a little bland.My husband had fish with a light tomato sauce and crispy onions, so yummy, a friend had the suckling pig with chestnuts and raved, his wife had the sweet and sour rabbit - yum yum, and I had the pistachio stuffed lamb. Oh the lamb! The lamb and stuffing were delicious, perfectly cooked, but the star of the show were these unbelievable gnocchi like morsels made with ricotta cheese, mint and peas - I think? I can't remember what they were called but what a delicious combination of chewy, salty, fresh herbiness! How delicious? Everyone at the table ordered dessert, but I ordered a side of the gnocchi for dessert. Soooo good! My mouth is watering just thinking about them!I tasted the chocolate semifreddo, yum, the goat milk cheese cannoli, super yum, and  a lovely selection of cheeses after.The portion sizes were just right, and all and all , a delicious meal. 1/2 star off for the bland rabbit pate, and 1/2 star off because we never seemed to have water on our table, in as much as there was no carafe, and the staff was too busy to come by and fill our glasses very often. Still, I would not hesitate to recommend this place, and I will definitely go back, hopefully soon :). A keeper!
4	Just discovered this little place and found it a great spot to stop in at on the way home, grab an app. and a glass of wine. Sweet spot just far enough away from the hustle and bustle of downtown/plateau. Menu changes just frequently enough so that if you stop in regularly you can sample it all before it's gone. Easy.
5	The best meal of my life!I was visiting Montreal from my mostly vegetarian existence in Vancouver and my friend took me to one of his favourite restaurants. I was truly blown away.Although I consider myself fairly knowledgeable about wine, their wine list was full of exotic bottles I had never heard of.  We were skilfully guided through our various options and when we narrowed what we were looking for we were charmingly told the background of the particular vineyard.  We went for a series of different dishes that we split. The first course (which I thought was the entire meal) was a spread of 3 quite different dishes. The crostini with the marscapone, proscuitto, and peaches was unlike anything I had eaten before. The salty sweetness combined with creaminess was incredible. It was my first time eating rabbit ever and the rabbit canneloni dispelled any preconception I had. It had a savoury meatiness with a tomato sauce that was incredibly fresh tasting.  A lovely fresh buratta with tiny perfectly cooked chantrelles completed the course.Second course consisted of two pork sausages on creamy polenta and a stuffed veal roll. The sausages were flecked with fennel (anise?) , which I normally dislike but brought out depths to the meat I had never tasted before. The veal roll was a wonderful meaty melange with a quails egg in the centre. Great atmosphere with a great playlist and a cozy vibe. The service was the kind of crazily informed professionalism that can only come from people who love what they do and take pride in it.I honestly think my palate has been increased from the unique flavours I tried that night.  Thanks for a great meal and I hope to visit next time I am in town!
4	This is an exceptional restaurant , with excellent attentive  service. It can get a bit noisy , which is a shame nice there was really good music in the background. An upbeat , upscale casual restaurant. Though the prices weren't low , they were better than most restaurants of this quality have these days. Every course was delicious.
4	Nora Gray is a delightful little spot and a nice addition to the Griffintown neighbourhood. Recently ranked among the best new restaurants in Canada by enRoute magazine, Nora Gray harkens back to another era with its decor and food selections. The wood panelling and black leather-coated banquets create an inviting spot where one can enjoy the delightful Italian nosh of this Montreal bistro. This place is definitely a hipster hotspot. The bartenders are clad in workman's wear with sleeves of tattoos and military-style crew cuts, perhaps a familiar scene for a certain sub-set of Montrealais. The waitstaff were extremely attentive--taking our coats, fetching us some much needed vino blanco and checking in with us throughout the meal. The crowd was young on Friday night with a smattering of thirtysomethings and in-the-know foodies. As for the food, I had the deep-fried ricotta meatballs to start and they were divine. While the portions are on the small size, the three balls are about the size of a bouncy ball, they're jam-packed with flavour. My partner had the tripe and, while not for everyone, he wolfed it down and said it was top-notch. Tripe is beef intestines, so not necessarily for the faint of heart. My main--the walnut-stuffed rabbit--was delicious, although a bit gamey in taste for my liking. But it was melt in your mouth soft and well-seasoned. The walnut puree in the centre was a nice addition as was the accompanying vegetable puree (I think potato?) that was underneath the rabbit itself. Another diner in our party had the chicken and he was more than impressed with the large-in-size chicken breast and accompanying tomato-based sauce. All of our plates were practically licked clean. The cocktail menu is also an attraction at this cave-like spot. The bartenders are busy pouring stiff drinks for all to enjoy. They have a large selection of liquors and liqueurs so you could indulge in a post-dinner aperitif if you're so inclined. The dessert selection looked underwhelming so we passed. It is advisable to make reservations for this hotspot. With the recent enRoute ranking, the restaurant has only seen its popularity soar. A warning to all large parties: this place is best suited for groups of four or less. There is not a lot of seating--the place can probably sit a maximum of 30 guests at one time--so your party will not fit comfortably into this space. But do not let this dissuade you as it is part of its intimate charm. If you're in the mood for some locally-sourced deliciousness in a funky and hip environment than Nora Gray will certainly fit the bill. Be prepared to drop around $60-70 per person including wine, appetizers and main course but it's worth it.
5	VIBE Wow. Nora Gray...what do I say? The ambiance reminds me of what Black Hoof was back when they started. It's a bit bare bones with wood paneling, a few pictures on the wall, some comfy booths and a great bar (which is where we sat). It's the warmth of the staff and the rustic food made with love that really made our meal stand out. WE ATE From blood orange and beet salad to  tarragon rabbit ravioli to our sea bream for two served in a container shaped like a fish, our meal was one of those perfect Saturday night meals. The fish was incredible - salted perfectly and lots of lemon on the side for flavour made me feel like I was in Sicily (let's forget that it was over minus 20 Celsius in Montreal!). OBLIGATORY CATCHY REMARK Nothing "gray" about this meal! This is definitely a spot to bring a group of friends or have a few drinks and an app before heading on a Montreal resto hop. It really does feel like going over to a friend's house for a kick-ass dinner.
5	Here is why I think Nora Gray is worthy of a 5-star rating:A simple, beautiful and charming decor that makes you feel like you're somewhere special. It's small, private and elegant but not too much. It acts as a neutral canvas to what really makes this restaurant so special:Taste + Execution + ServiceIt all comes together beautifully at Nora Gray. Me and my wife had a total of 6 items on the menu and all had incredibly bold, uncompromising yet perfectly balanced flavors. The highlights for me were the spaghetti w/ truffle shavings (divine slap you in the face rich flavors here) and the hot pot with chick peas and vegetables (THE best dish I have ever had in any restaurant in Montreal - and in my top 5 all-time. I've rarely had food that combines such powerful and diverse flavors while keeping them all so well balanced. For the vegetarians out there this is the dish for you.. and even those who eat meat, give it a try I promise you'll love it.)Every element in each dish were perfectly cooked and seasoned. You might expect this from any good restaurant, but the reality is they often miss the mark in some varying degrees of ways, even the good ones. No such thing at Nora Gray. We couldn't find a flaw even when we tried the day after.Finally, the service is excellent. My truffle toast was late to come with my soup by 5 minutes and they didn't charge me for it. The staff were all very friendly, attentive and professional.As far as my own experiences go, Nora Gray is one of the very best restaurants in Montreal and I very highly recommend it.
5	Easily one of my best meals. Tiny but well appointed modern Italian concept with a great (dare I say slightly hipster)  vibe and authentic Italian food. Bonus points for serving me a great aperol spritz (my go-to Italian apero) and making every item on the menu sound delicious. The octopus entree and polenta fries were fantastic and the rabbit and lamb mains equally so. The perfect ending was a fresh zeppole. Full points for great, friendly service which included a complimentary digestif. I can't wait to go back and sample everything else on the menu!
5	Seriously delicious. I was visiting from NYC, and I wanted to pack my suitcase full of this food. Delicious. Great cocktails. Nice hip/local atmosphere. Winner.
5	FINALLY! After multiple attempts at scheduling a dinner date at Nora Gray, the stars finally aligned and off we went. Location: I guess you can call it Griffintown. It's on St. Jacques in a residential area and unless you know it's there, easy to walk by. Bonus? No problem finding parking. Food: Holy Mother of all things delectable and delicious! Loved every single thing that I had. The menu is varied and offers up fresh cuisine using seasonal ingredients. If you go in with a large appetite, you can work your way through their three-course menu. On my end, I had to skip the Primi to leave room for dessert! We had:Antipasti:Mozzarella w/fried eggplant - I generally don't like eggplant but really enjoyed this. It was almost like eating thickly cut chips. These weren't greasy or oily at all, and the mozzarella was amazingly fresh and soft.Prosciutto w/fresh basil and peaches: Again, something I don't usually eat, but I did Not regret my choice. The prosciutto was melt-in-my-mouth delicious and the melange of peach and basil was absolutely perfect. This dish isn't on their regular menu.Primi: We skipped this course but they had some delectable options that included spaghetti w/shrip, orange and pistachio,  and Busiate w/tuna, peas and mint. You can order half or full-sized portions. I think the idea here, is to order the half and treat it as a second appetizer. Secondi:Halibut w/fresh corn polenta, green onion and bacon. My date ordered this and loved it. The halibut was fresh and perfectly cooked, and the portion was pretty generous. Lemon sausage w/crushed potatoes  and zucchini chips. Again, something I don't normally eat (sausage) but I was so intrigued by the idea of a lemon sausage that I went ahead and ordered this dish. The sausage is homemade with pork, rabbit and zest of lemon. I was worried it might be a little dry but this wasn't the case at all. The sausage was served in a tightly wound spiral and was moist and so damn good. The crushed potatoes had a lovely flavor and the chips were perfectly cooked. The remaining sausage juice (that sounds bad, right?) was served over the dish, making the overall experience flavorful and awesome. Dessert: We tried the homemade doughnut with peach marmalade and either marscarpone or fresh meringue. I really don't remember which of the two it was but I'll go with the marscarpone as it wasn't sweet. I'm generally not a doughnut person but this was SO good! The doughnut was topped with cinnamon brown sugar (I think). It was just so damn good. We also tried something-chocolate ganache that was served with berries and coulis (and ice cream). There were three chocolate thing in total, and flavor-wise, this dessert is perfect for chocolate lovers. The only thing that I found annoying was that they were bloody hard to cut. I had to use two spoons - one to hold down my chocolate and the other to try and cut the pieces off. This is not to say that this dessert wasn't fresh - it was. The texture was just very, very firm :)Price: It's not cheap - for two people, the total was $166, however bear in mind that we had three glasses of wine and two lattes. I will definitely return, but probably for special occasions or you know, if I win the lotto - then I'll go every week. A definite must if you love great food and a great ambiance. The staff were super friendly and attentive. The restaurant is very small - I think it fits about 30 people. It's also a hot spot so call ahead to make a reservation before you go.
2	The service was curtuous and knowledgeable... The food was quite ordinary, not the level of what I expected from the critics I read on that restaurant.  The decor is rather dark and sad, the tables were too close to a point that you cannot hear the people sitting at your own table.A disappointing experience
5	Superb service, excellent Deer carpaccio, tasty and rich lamb shank cooked perfectly. Very satisfied diner.
3	I've heard so many great things about Nora Gray and we've been wanting to eat here for some time. Finally we got ourselves organized and to have dinner here with some friends. Given all the hype I was really expecting something spectacular and I must admit that I was disappointed. As a hungry group of four we were able to sample a good part of the menu:We started with:- deer heart, which was the best dish of the evening- octopus, which was a bit rubbery, not nearly as moist as it could have been- goat cheese ricotta tart- arancic, good but nothing out of this world- chestnut pasta with hare stew The main courses that we had were:- grilled quail with a side of chickpea fritters, the fritters were amazing and a definite standout- duck breast - a stuffed pasta (can't remember the exact dish)- tuna, the tuna was pretty dry and not very tender or flavorful Overall the food was all good, with the exception of the tuna and octopus which were disappointing. However, nothing was in the blow your mind category or particularly memorable which I would have expected from a restaurant that has so much hype around it.
5	This place is awesome from start to finish.  I was fortunate enough to sit at the bar and allow Ryan to pick and choose our food and drink. It is an experience and a great one at that. This is one place to put at the top of your list of places to try, great food, great wine, great cocktails and great company.
1	The restaurant smelled of mould. The temperature was too hot. There were bugs in the toilet. The food was below average or so it seemed in the sweltering heat which took away from our dining experience. We have no desire to return.
3	After hearing a lot of great things about this place, I wasn't particularly impressed by it. I managed to get a reservation for 4 on a Wednesday at 7:30pm by calling the day before. Though we were excited to finally get to try Nora Gray, the majority of the dishes weren't particularly impressive. My halibut was served on a bed of lentils and was minimally seasoned to allow the natural flavours of the fish to shine through, but it wasn't particularly mind-blowing. In particular, my friends weren't particularly impressed with their rabbit parmesan, noting that the heavy cheese and sauce completely overshadowed the meat. That said, their gnocchi was pretty amazing, having been cooked well with just the right amount of creaminess. I probably would've been happier with a full order of this for myself.Service-wise, the wait-time between courses was quite lengthy. However, the servers were thoughtful enough to continue refilling our waters as the long, idle periods meant a lot of thoughtless water-drinking. Overall, perhaps I'm not giving Nora Gray enough credit where credit's due, but this seemed to be another instance in which hype overshadowed my experience at a popular restaurant. Parenthetically, a highlight of the night was spotting Chris North (of Sex and the City fame) dining at a table not too far away from us. Guess we're in good company, at least.
5	If you don't try to go, you'll miss more than dinner. Forget about the meal for a moment, and imagine you're re-connecting with friends you haven't seen in forever, and throw in excellent food. Listen to your waiters. You won't be misguided. If you can't listen to them, then enjoy looking at them. Easy on the eyes for the ladies and gentlemen. If you can do neither, leave. Stay and you will be rewarded with excellent fare, and ocular buffet. Never had rabbit in my life, but I will again. PS. Americans food snobs on a gastronomic holiday.
4	THE GOODthe food and service was 5/5!  I had the T-bone steak served with anchovy mayonnaise - beyond excellent.  THE NOT SO GOODMy main issue with the steak was it wasn't made clear what the waitress meant by "it's for two". The portion was large and we thought she meant that two can share not that the $39 price tag was only for the half portion and that when the bill came we were charged $39 each or $78!! for this main course. The noise level
5	I had heard so much about this place and was really excited to try it. Despite my high expectations, I wasn't disappointed. The restaurant has a cozy feeling and perfect if you want to spend intimate quality time with your friends or for a date.I ordered Trotter croquettes, pickles and peach mostarda and wow! So flavorful. Then came the sardines, cooked to perfection and very fresh and tasty. My friend had the sea bream that also was cooked to perfection. Everything was mindblowing. The only downside was that the first dishes took a long time before coming out. Will definitely go back!
