3	It's Burger King, there's not much to say, but this is a nice, clean location. Good service, 24 hours and they have my favorite drink of all time... VAULT soda on tap lol.
3	So I usually only go thru the drive thru when it's super late, and to be truthfully honest I do like McDonalds more but sometimes you get that urge for a Whooper! The drive thru is usually really quick and I have never had a problem with an order.  All around I get a solid performance from this Burger King! Stop by if you get a chance, oh and if your not in the mood for a Whooper try their double cheese burger with king sauce, it's Great!!
2	Burger King as a whole isn't exactly leading the pack in any category as far as fast food, and finding a nice location can be challenging. The employees are generally awful, the food one step away from being unacceptable and they never seem to be clean. This one doesn't strive to get past that, or really do anything beyond the bare minimum of what's expected.This is important to know if you care about your order being correct. Every single time I go here, without fail, they get the order wrong in pretty major ways. Number of items, toppings, side selections, it's total crap shoot. Even the act of ordering turns into an ordeal as communication consistently falters. I don't know if they have trouble hearing me, if it's the language barrier or they just don't care. I believe it's all three. Just pay us and go!Food quality is consistently average. Not horrible, but still soggy, greasy, and otherwise hastily thrown together with all the care of a child putting away toys. And it's never warm enough. Eating here always leaves me feeling kind of gross, enveloped in a cloud of shame. But what really makes me never want to go back is how clearly lazy and spiteful the service seems to be. Asking for one burger to be different from another is too much work. Frying the rings long enough to be crispy takes too long. Keeping track of who's who in the drive thru... they're not getting paid enough for that.
1	It's been a couple years since I got a whopper at BK... And it was horrible.. I remember I used to get these on base all the time and the burgers were flame broiled and pretty damn good. These burgers taste like frozen AM PM PATTIES.. Just gross.. The franchise must be under a new CEO  or owner but I will not come back..  I didn't want a .50 cent burger for $6Where we check the box where it says "Good For" there should be a "nothing" box
1	Easily the worst Burger King in Vegas.. Maybe the nation. Last night I went though the drive thru because I wanted to try the new whopper, after waiting 20 min. I finally get my order and bring it home only to find out it wasn't my order.. Tonight I go there because I really want to try the new whopper and again after waiting 20+ min. They forgot half my order. I won't be back. And if the owner does end up reading this review then he should seriously consider finding new management!
2	Refuses to get order right. You orser a whopper with no onions.....how hard is that to accomplish.  Be ready for them to mess up a simple order.
5	The king is really doing it big. It's fun new casual look is so cool. Also it has a indoor playground very nice staff and to top it all lots of new things on the menu. The food is hot the store is super clean. Try the new peach tea its a personal favorite of mine.
1	We went to this Burger King for supper on Saturday night before we went grocery shopping... My husband ordered the new bacon cheddar stuffed burger meal and I ordered a whopper with cheese. We also ordered a 10pc chicken nuggets.  My husbands burger was sooo burned it was actually black!! and much smaller than the bun was.  The chicken nuggets had obviously been sitting for quite some time..they were shriveled up and dried out looking and they tasted quite nasty!! We had them at a different BK a couple of weeks ago and they were hot and fresh and very tasty there when they were fresh!!! These ones were awful!!!   We thru them out!! At one point as we were eating, my husband told me to look towards the kitchen area, so I did... What we assumed to be the manager, was standing by the fryer, picking his nose!!!!!  This is not something you want to see right after your food just came from there!!  They had some kind of Jazz music playing that was not relaxing or enjoyable... after my husband took the three what was suppose to be onion rings off of his very burned burger, he tried to eat it but could not finish it, it just wasn't edible... the onion rings were either very old and hard or fried waaaaay too long because he could not even bite into them... This meal was just not a good experience at all... I don't think we will be going back to this BK!!!!!
1	Don't think I'll be going here again. My fries were soggy and almost raw and my "premium" chicken sandwich (#6) was disgusting. I took two bites and trashed it. I don't expect much from fast food but this was just gross.
5	I was starving for breakfast, it was 10:34 when I rolled into the drive thru (thanks to the idiot driving 10 miles under the speed limit and me being stuck behind him on 215). I'm from the East Coast where BK does breakfast on Sundays until 11 am, thought I was safe. However when I got into the drive thru, they informed me that they were no longer serving breakfast. However, Nicole (from Kenmore, NY) the drive thru girl went and asked the cooks if they could make me a breakfast burrito and they very sweetly did. The burrito was delicious and the service was even better. So I want to thank the staff and especially Nicole and the young man also at the window. They really went above and beyond the call of service and I will certainly be heading up to this BK again and will be calling corporate to let them know that they have got some great employees at this store.
3	Good place to have coffee and let the grand kids run wild on the slide and play area.  Sneak a Whopper while grandma is not looking, some fries and promise her I'm watching my diet... grab a shake to go!
1	Once again I went to this place expecting to have it my way, and once again I was disappointed! They have NEVER gotten my order right, and it's so frustrating returning to argue the point! Skip this one if at all possible!!
5	Orders right every time, fresh and nicely made.  awesome-o
3	Playground would have been fun IF the room it was in wasn't an OVEN!!!!!!! Absolutely NO A/C!!! The food was ok, but it's not a good business move to not have the. A/C blasting in the summer in Las Vegas! Everyone in there was sweating and it smelled like BO! Not a fun place to eat. We won't be back!
1	Horrible service here. If I could give negative one star I would. Today we specifically asked for 2 regular hamburgers and 2 rodeo cheeseburgers. The girl at the first window even verified our order again before we paid. Then when we got home we ended up with 2 cheeseburgers (marked hamburger on the wrapper) and 2 rodeo burgers (no cheese.) They constantly get the orders wrong. I probably won't be going back.
1	Order is always correct ( it's a fast food joint, that got them the one star ). Service ALWAYS blows. Order more than one item and you'll sit in the parking lot waiting. "Have it your way" does not apply to this location. Have ordered 4 menu items, waited 30 minutes, and then had to walk in to check on my order. Food--- fine, standard, it's fast food. Service--- so sub-par I cannot call it service. They treat you like it's your fault because you ordered anything.
1	This particular location is more SLOW & WRONG food than fast food...  I've uploaded two pics that show the issues...We came back to this location to give them another chance, but this just sealed the deal for us...For the prices, the lack of quality of the food and the mistakes done, we will not be going back to this location...If I could give this place no stars I would!!!
1	Please listen to these other reviewers when they say that the service is bad, because I just experienced it. I decided to go to BK and grab a French toast breakfast meal...well, I didn't even get to order because the woman working drive thru FORGOT about me!!! This location has 2 drive thru lanes. When it came to my turn, she asked me to wait a minute. One minute turned into 4 minutes then 2 other cars pulled into the other drive thru lane and got their orders taken. So I decided to pull up to the window. I get there, and Tiera or Tiara (a manager, by the way) asks "did you just order?" I replied "no, you forgot about me." Not even offering an apology, she asked what I wanted (with an attitude). I told her never mind, drove off, and went to Carl's Jr one block over. My family and and I have been here plenty of times before...they forget to give us the condiments we ask for, or there might be onions on my hubby's whopper when he asks for no onions...no big deal. Today was just ridiculous. I'd give them zero stars if I could.
