5	We took our Yorkie here last week and we were so pleased.  They squeezed us in on a moment's notice.  It was night and day compared to the grooming at Petsmart (our first dog, be forgiving :) haha)  Very nice and informed staff.  Highly recommend.
5	We've used this facility twice, once to self-bathe our goldendoodle and once for full-service grooming. The shop is very clean with a quiet atmosphere. The equipment for DIY washing is very good, materials provided are exactly what's required. The full-service groomer who bathed and trimmed our dog was gentle and very good with our every aspect of the process. When I asked her to trim the ears shorter, she cheerfully re-cut and shaped them right away.  I have no hesitation in recommending this shop.
5	We love taking our 2 dogs here for the self wash. No bending over the bathtub or messing up your bathroom. We haven't used the groomers, because they are both short haired and easy enough to wash ourselves. Owners are super helpful and nice
5	This place is a blast!!! I took my husky mix here and it was so much fun. Posh Wash Dog Wash has a very cute boutique style set up upon entrance, where you are welcomed by the friendly staff. In the back there are a series of tubs that come equipped with your own little grooming tools, clean towels, and you even have your own choice of shampoo. The shampoo and conditioner is already mixed in with the water so it makes the entire dog washing experience seamless. It's $20 per dog, which in my opinion is totally worth it. There is no time limit, so you can really take your time if you want to soak up the experience. I brushed my dog for a while before even starting the bath, really massaged her fur during shampooing, and deep conditioned her as well :) I will be coming here again.
5	My dog was so happy compared to the nightmare at petsmart and the people are so nice.  Nice quiet place that did a fantastic trim and wash in less than 2 hours and they keep to their schedule.  Love it!
3	I used to really like this place but they nicked a piece of my dogs ear twice! The first time they told me about it and I accept that accidents happen and I let it go even though my dogs ear was bleeding. After the second time I was done. It's really too bad because the staff is nice and its clean but if I keep taking my dog there he won't have any ears left. We've been going there for 2 years.
5	I have known Jennifer Y. for many years. She is an amazing (and fast) groomer. She is the only one I trust my boys with fully. She can get both shih-tzus done in just over an hour (I shave them both down with a #10 blade).
5	Does a great work with my dog, highly recommend
5	Great place! We always take our dogs here.
5	Great place to do it yourself or pay them to do it for you. I paid $22 to wash my pup pup. Place has it all, and is super clean. They give you the rundown on how it  works and walks you back to your station. You get a ramp for your doggie to walk up to get into the tub, they will help with that if you need. Here's what you get: a basket of brushes, combs and a special rubber brush to use when you are washing you doggie. You get nail clippers, hand towels, regular  size towels, a sham (use first to get all the water off, then use towels and then blow dryer).Hypoallergenic shampoo and conditioner. Ear and eye cleaner and cologne spritz.They supply the long apron you need to wear, cuz you do get wet, lolThis was my fist time in, I will be back and highly recommend. After all, I couldn't do what I did at home with the time involved to set it up and do the task, and clean up and I think I was there like 1.5 hours and I'm done and my pup pup looks great, smells great and it was painless considering it was a first for the both of us. They have rewards also, buy I think 4 washes, get the 5th free, something like that, what a deal.
5	I absolutely love this place!!! Take such great care of my Odie and his brother Ivan!!!! When I elect for self service, it's always clean well stocked and they are always right there if you need help or have any questions!!! The staff is beyond friendly and helpful and my Odie always looks fabulous and happy!!!!
5	My first time ever at a dog wash and it was great!  I usually take my dogs to my groomer but when I got a new puppy I decided to try it myself.  The lady there showed me how everything works and continued to check on me making sure I didn't have any questions. No sore back, no wet dog smell and best of all EVERYTHING is supplied.  They also have an area for when my pup gets to be 200 pounds.  I have one less grooming bill now!
2	I been here twice and it does the job but I found a cheaper place with better equipment, the tubs for self wash are on the small size, space is limited, you can't rise or lower the tubs as other places (again cheaper places) .  Eh I wanted to like cause its close to me but I will make a further drive
2	I went there to use the self service wash. I expecting to  bath and fully dry my Australian Shepherd. The large tub they let me use was very small. While washing my dog I got the floor and my shoes soaked. The dryer ( and nozzles) the have for you to use are not powerful enough to blow out his under coat. I very frustrated due to the fact my dog is now wet and if I don't blow out his under coat it will mat up. I ask one of the groomers if I paid for a dry for my dog if she could, ( I am sure they use a more powerful dryer) due to the fact the dryer they provide isn't powerful enough to get his coat out. She explain she couldn't it's against policy. They did allow me to grab a nozzle I had in my car which made it work a little better to get some of the under coat out. I ended up doing the fluff and dry system. But I remembered when I first came in around 3:20 pm that the receptionist told me just as a reminder we close at 5. So around 4:45 I called it quits on trying to get my dog completely dry, because I knew the associates had to still clean up my mess and I am sure they would of wanted to leave on time. So I left with my dog about 60% dry and today I get to spend  time dematting him. So it comes down to for small single coat dogs this would be a good facility to do self service bath, but if you have a big dog with undercoat, I would say go elsewhere. They don't have the right equipment for big breeds with under coat. The only reason I gave 2 stars is because the staff was nice. Smiles when I came in and answered my questions. Plus I forgot my undercoat rake, when I called she said she will leave it up front for me to get it the next day. I came in asked for it and got it no problems. They knew exactly where it was.
2	I'm on the fence about this place. It's a beautiful and from what I can see, a clean place. I was told the groomers use scissors and I believe this to be true. It makes me a little nervous but I'm not a pro so maybe it's how good groomers work. The ladies at the front desk aren't the friendliest at times. They're a little pricey too.My main pet peeve is that every time I pick up my baby girl only a few of her nails are clipped. Like every other one!! I tell them every time that she has one rogue dew claw that wasn't removed so they don't forget to trim that one too and sure enough they forget every dang time. You have to pay first before they'll go and get your dog from the back. So if you would like to leave a tip and only have your card, you don't have the opportunity to evaluate their work before deciding on an amount. I'm in the process of researching other groomers. I don't have time, nor should I have to return to have them finish the job they should've got right the first time. Bummer because I think they're kind to my pup and that's hard to find. Pro: they're better than the dirt bags over at Petsmart.
5	My BF and I have both been back to Posh Wash with much better experiences. I was told by the lady behind the counter (I really need to take the time to get her name, she's great) that they had been going through a staff issue and things should be cleared up now and it seems it has. I'm so glad because it really is a great place and it's really hard to find people who are genuinely kind and caring towards our dogs. I should've taken into account a possible bad day or behind-the-scenes issues. On my most recent visit after my last review, they had taken great attention to detail and my "little one" was returned to me looking perfect. I was also given an apology and explanation for our past issues. I appreciate having my concerns taken to heart and followed up on. That says a lot for their integrity and professionalism. My BF this past week returned with our "big one" for a DIY wash and was very impressed with the cleanliness and amenities of the wash stations. He stated he was patiently walked through the entire process and was even given tips on how to keep her shedding under control.So glad we've got a great place we can count on to care for not only our girls but our concerns. Thank you Posh Wash!
4	Great experience.  I had two pets to drop off and my first tine here. The entire staff was awesome.  Both dogs were groomed well. We will go back
