3	Boy, not only is Las Vegas the favorite tourist spot for Hawaiian travelers, but the ubiquitous Hawaiian ABC Stores are also dotted around Vegas. The merchandise is slightly different than in Hawaii because on top of selling the Hawaiian stuff such as chocolates, coffee, souvenirs, they also sell Las Vegas stuff such as CSI: LV merchandise.I guess you don't have to fly all the way to Hawaii to pick up some of your favorite island treasures anymore.
4	I really like the fact that you can get a variety of Hawaiian products here.  Being that I've never had the opportunity to go to Hawaii, it was nice to be able to browse through the aisles and see the products that I usually get as gifts when people come back from their Hawaiian vacations.We ended up getting pretty much all things macadamian- from the Mauna Loa Kona coffee glazed macadamia nuts to the Kauai Kookie macadamia shortbread cookies.  The only thing that was missing was the macadamia nut toffee, which this ABC didn't carry.  :(
4	Its a little touch of Hawai'i! Except everything says Los Vegas.
3	So this has to do with understanding the demographics and how to saturate areas....There is a certain level of consistency, convenience, and oddness that having one on virtually every other block... kinda like what walgreens does these days in busy metro areas.....
5	Anyone that has been to Hawaii knows about ABC stores. I was stoked when I discovered that there were 2 ABC stores in Desert Passages shops in the Aladdin Hotel (now Miracle Mile/Planet Hollywood) a few years ago. Now every trip to Vegas guarantees at least one stop here. The great thing about ABC stores is that you can get pretty much anything you need while on vacation for a decent price. They have a ton of souveniers - magnets, pens, calendars, tees, glassware and whatever else you may want to bring home. They carry your standard snacks but also carry snacks that cater to their Asian clientele (wasabi peas anyone?).  Plus they have a bunch of Hawaiian snacks - cookies, popcorn and macadamia nuts galore. This is also the best place to get Las Vegas themed Hello Kitty stuff - post its, cell phone charms, pens, etc. And they have beer, wine and liquor. One stop shopping, for sure.
5	ABC Store, for all intents and purposes, are like a 7-11. They have a ton of things you both need and dont need at decent prices. Most stores will have the same base things (Food, Drink, Cheap Liquor, OTC Meds.) but they vary when it comes to other items such as gifts, assorted hawaiian-themed chotchkies, ect.. One thing that puts them over the top is price. where else in vegas can you get a bottle water, pop , candy bar and maybe even a bag of maui onion potato chips (if your lucky) for under six bucks, which is the price of a child-size bottle of water in a typical vegas minibar.
5	ABC how i love thee.  You can never go wrong with this place.  If you're in Hawaii you'll see this store every block or so in Waikiki I kid you not!As we stayed in Paris we needed to go to a drugstore or liquor store stat!  Walgreen's was out of the question and wasn't within walking distance.  We talked to one on the staff members at Paris and he suggested ABC store at the Miracle Mile Shop located at Planet Hollywood Hotel.  It took about 10 minutes one way (we walked) to get there on a Saturday evening.  We needed water and some drinks for our stay here.  There are two ABC stores in this mall.  We chose whatever was closest and ended up at the "north" ABC location (suite 145).  This store was pretty big.  ABC had what we needed and got in and out of there fairly quickly.  Of course the pricing was skewed slightly higher than usual but we didn't care.  You can even pick up some hawaiian souvenirs if you're up for it.  Macadamia nuts, kona coffee, maui chips, etc. Yay for ABC!
3	Minus 1 star for not carrying foil when the PH consigere suggested we go here for foil, and we ended up getting foil for our hookah from Room Service for $2.25 anyways.Minus another star for asking us if we were trying to make a pipe.  I know it's Vegas and all, but I still think that's a little inappropriate to be asking your customers, especially after you can't come through for them for what they're looking for.They got alki here though!
3	ITs the store that has everything you do and do not need...Enough said...If you need a random item it is very likely that you will be finding it in the ABC store..For me it was a pair of flip flops...little crapy sandals that i paisd 20 bucks for...Convenient? yes!! Overpriced? Hell Yes!! BUT you do pay for convenience and that is that. Will i shop here again...yes...even if I dont really want to it is better then looking forever for what you need.
4	Just went in because I always do when I'm in Hawaii.... just felt natural to go into a Vegas one! I love ABC stores, and this one did not disappoint. Bought a key chain souvenir, looked at all the Vegas shirts and Hawaiian chocolates/coffees... but also if you wanted to grab a soda, chips, etc, they got that too!
4	This is the best place in Vegas to buy cheap water. At 1 dollar for 1 litre of water, you're getting a lot of value. This is also an excellent place to buy souvenirs.
4	Ahhh, yes. The ultimate tourist store in Hawaii. The ultimate tourist store in Las Vegas. Inexpensive bottled water, drinks, snacks, and souvenirs. This one also has a ton of Hawaiian stuff in it in addition to the Vegas stuff. Can't go wrong with an ABC store.  This store was very busy but had everything we needed and more.
5	Cheapest place I know of to cop a bottle on the strip!
4	This chain store proved to be a lifesaver during my trip to Vegas.  What does this place have that no other stores on the strip have? CHEAP LIQUOR AND SOUVENIRS! mmm. While the prices of handles and fifths are about 10%-15% higher than those at BevMo! (in California),  thirsty vacationers will find themselves settling as there are no other liquor stores on the strip that sell anything besides beer. Because clubs and bars drive the prices of drinks up to the extreme, it's very wise that you stock up on bulk alcohol here to save yourself a ton of money. This is also a good place to stock up on liters of water that sell for 1 buck, as opposed to paying 2 bucks for small bottles elsewhere. Thank you, ABC store!
4	I go to this store everytime I'm in Vegas because it is cheap, but it does add up. Man..I spent at least $70 to $100 every single time I visit this place. All the stores are huge and there's a lot of souveniers to chose from. It is much cheaper than buying souveniers from the hotel gift shop.
4	Aside from Walgreens, ABC Stores is my next go-to spot for stocking up on water and drinks to keep me going on a hot Vegas day.  While not as cheap as Target, it's definitely a whole lot cheaper than pickup up drinks inside the hotels.  Nothing much else to say, but I'm glad it's around so I won't be forced to buy overly expensive drinks at the hotels.  $4 for a small Gatorade at the hotel?  I think NOT! 2 large Gatorades for $5 at ABC?  SOLD!!!
2	Last time I was here it was New Years Eve. Place was a mad house, and the lady wouldn't sell me two 24oz beers. I mean, dude, whats the prob - it was new years eve, you think you're gonna get popped for selling a guy booze? There were about 500,000 other people in there.
4	These stores are good. They have all kinds of stuff. Its a one stop store.
2	I was feeling sick my first night in Vegas and the ABC Stores were conveniently located in the Miracle Mile Shops at PH so of course I went there.  I couldn't find the travel-size medicine, so I asked the cashier and she showed them to me next to the register.  Since they were selling whole bottles of Tylenol for around $12, I figured 2 pills couldn't be that expensive so I told her I'd take them.  Boy was I WRONG!  Those two pills ending up costing me $4!!  WTH?!  But I really didn't feel like walking out in the heat to get medicine so I got them anyway.  They did sell 1.5 liter bottles of water for $0.99, which is a great deal.  I'll definitely be looking at the prices more carefully next time... =/
5	Cant go wrong with this place.. Has all ur essential needs plus stuff from the islands at a great price!! You cant beat that in LV.
5	LOVE THIS PLACE! My husband and I stopped here while in Vegas to snatch up some kitshcy souvenirs and liquor for the trip. The shop has great variety, reasonable prices, and is dedicated to customer service. I purchased a Vegas Coffee Mug which I fell in love with but sadly, after (2) months it broke!  (Due to my own fault!) I called the store and notified them of my problem. Nelson, the GM, offered to send out another mug to me in the mail. I was so thrilled he took the time out of his day to oversee the delivery of this little $5.99 mug that meant so much to me! Thanks Nelson and thanks ABC for being simply the best!SDT
4	i love this store, why? because it reminds me of hawaii and because its pretty damm cheap here!so why pay $4 for a bottle of water in the hotel when you can get a bottle of water for 89 cents here! same size, 16 fl oz. thats a deal! plus they are like walgreens, they stock everything you need except they have a hawaiian flair. you want macademia nuts? check, they have them here. you want cute hello kitty charms? check, you can find vegas themed ones here. all your necessities you can find here! can't wait to go back to hawaii......and vegas too!
4	I love the ABC stores that are located in every corner...its so convenient to pick up little snacks here and there..Reminds me of Hawaii, how they had an ABC in every block...Wish they sold spam misubi here too.  That would've been great1!!..
4	Never been to ones in Hawaii, but this is the spot to get basic staples that you need at decent prices on the strip (snacks, water, toothpaste,  liquor, papers, etc...).  Be aware however, that some of the online prices for other stuff can be cheaper.  I bought some of their Island Girl stuff for a friend and it turned out it was cheaper online by a few bucks...  So unless you really need it immediately just buy it later.
4	Never knew they had these outside of Hawaii! First time I frequented an ABC store was in Hawaii. It was nice being inside one again, I felt transported back to Honolulu... almost. HUGE wall of alcohol, kinda like one of the ABC stores I went to in Hawaii :D Only downside is the line was pretty long for the cash register. I guess if you wanna buy something from here, go when it's not peak hours or wait in line and oogle over the Las Vegas/Hawaii souvenirs and memorabilia.They have some cool stuff there, like poker chip lighters and GIANT poker cards, which we got a pack of! Check it out, lots of fun stuff!
4	It's a great stop for basic drinks and snacks and necessities you might have forgotten to pack. Alcohol is sold and it seems like it's not ridiculously overpriced. I used to work in PH and it was definitely a place I frequented during my break. It's a lot cheaper than the other convenience stores/kiosks run by the hotels.
4	Customer Service here was great,  I called ahead of time for prices and there was no hold!  Additionally the CSR was well groomed and polite.
5	A deck of cards, some post cards, a lil snack and a bottle of water not so overly priced it gives me a nose bleed. . . that's all I came for. Thanks. It's like a giant 7-eleven in here. I don't shop for more than the basics here but I am sure that you can find lots of this Vegas stuff at other spots. The line moves quickly. I was in and out. That's all I wanted. Whew. And not to mention, this place is great because the prices are reasonable, especially in comparison to a lot of other places on the strip.
5	I've known about this store because of my early Hawaii trips as a kid... I was a big fan of Hawaiian Sun drinks. Anyways it was nice to see they have not one but TWO ABC stores here at the Miracle Mile Shops in Vegas. The have cheap chocolates, cheap drinks and water, other essentials you would pay a fortune at other places, a lot of gifts and souvenirs from Hawaii, and a wide selection of alcohol. It's nice to have a fast, cheap and easy convenience store on the strip.
4	Im so glad there's an ABC store here.  Its significantly less expensive here for your sundries rather than shopping at your hotel gift shop.  We came here for water, sun scree, and snacks.
5	Need pretty much anything you forgot at home all in one place (food, water, liquor, Jockey-brand tees silkscreened with 'I Heart Las Vegas' designs to hit up Marquee in)?Just come to ABC. It's a 7-11 on 'roids.
4	Mmm macadamia nuts by Mauna Loa.  Must get the Maui Onion and garlic flavor.  Too bad they don't have those Lee Hing Gummy bears no more.  Convenient store with everything you need snacks, drinks, drugs, souvenirs, and bottles of alcohol to pre party.   They also close late and located on both ends of the Miracle Mile shops.
4	Don't need to buy anything but I stop by every time I go to Fashion Show Mall.
4	ABC was a wonderful discovery on a recent trip to Las Vegas while staying at Planet Hollywood. As you'll read in other reviews, this is a huge, bright and clean store full of every drink (alcoholic or otherwise), snack or other sundry you might ever need while in Las Vegas. Prices are in-line with what you'd expect at any convenience store anywhere too. Being literally a few steps from the casino floor, it's a no-brainer when stocking your room with necessities without paying the exorbitant prices of the casino stores. I also enjoyed sitting down to a quick meal at the adjacent Earl of Sandwich and picking up a giant can of Asahi beer from ABC to accompany it. Things you can do in Vegas that you probably should be able to do anywhere, right?Reading in other reviews that this is a Hawaiian chain, I now recall that the store appeared to be staffed entirely by amazingly friendly and courteous people of Hawaiian origin. One lady even remembered me with a 'Welcome back!' when I returned eight hours after an earlier visit. Nice touch, ABC!
5	Look what I bought at the ABC Store!  Fresh H2O multi-colored pearl necklace, bracelet, earrings, and 3-$1 Million Dollar Poker Chips!What a STEAL of a DEAL!  I'm rich!
3	Looks like we have all our pre-gaming needs, OH WAIT I FORGOT ORANGE JUICE FOR THE SCREWDRIVERS.Abc shop is here for you. I dislike how the prices are pretty crazy, but you are in las vegas, and dead on the strip. Smallest bottle of hypnotq was like 20 bucks!convenient liquor store if you don't have a car and staying in PH.
4	I think my eyes lit up when I first stumbled upon the ABC store here at the Miracle Mile shops. A ubiquitous sight in Hawaii, it was incredibly surprising to find a few of them here in Sin City!They stock a lot of the same products that the ones in Hawaii do, including macadamia nuts, kona blends, island-themed jewelry, etc. They also have a GREAT selection of "Hello Kitty in Las Vegas" paraphernalia and they even have my dad's favorite passion fruit butter in their inventory. My only complaint is that this ABC (like ALL of the other ABCs) does not have Hurricane Popcorn. For whatever reason, even in Hawaii, you have to go to the grocery store to get that :( Nonetheless, it's a wonderful little place to stop in and explore while window shopping and avoiding the Vegas heat.
5	ABC stores are mainly from Hawaii but have found there way to the mainland of the United States. This is a great place to buy cheap drinks and food then the overpriced stores inside the hotels and I think this gives the tourists some advantage to save some money and not everyone in Vegas knows about these ABC stores. Friendly services and well stocked store with great deals and friendly staff that are mostly Asian.I always come for the 1 liter bottled water, tall cans of beer and sometimes six pack and some snacks to go along with the beer. The Cigarettes here are cheaper compared to the ones in the casino and they have great souvenirs to bring back home that won't break the bank.
5	Surprisingly affordable for being inside
5	You can buy beer here for $1.99 or at a bar just feet away in Planet Hollywood for $8. Your choice. Bring a bottle opener. They won't open them for you.
4	Pretty nice little gift shop. I bought a little elvis outfit for my godson and a shot glass.They had a very nice selection of merchandise along with decent customer service.
5	Hubby and I were so happy to see this little Hawaiian shopping oasis in the middle of Planet Hollywood!! Picked up reasonably priced things like bottled water, gum, macadamia nuts, etc.
2	Great store...in hawaii. Not here. Jacked up prices (I get it, its Vegas) and minimal selection in terms of food. I was excited to see these stores, as I loved them in Hawaii, but was disappointed with the actual selection. In terms of Vegas, Walgreens is just around the corner and much more worth your time.
4	AT ABC GETTING A COLD ONE IS AS EASY AS 1-2-3    I do not take for granted that I live in a city where I can walk along the boulevard with a cold one in my hand while admiring Paris, Venice, New York City, and a grown up Medieval Castle. When I want to leave the 9 to 5 on the shelf and enjoy myself on the Strip, ABC Stores is one of my leading stops after the parking garage. When I park at Paris, this location or the one down the hall in Miracle Mile is my go-to place for a cold one on the go.   ABC's prices are far less pricey than the bars nearby. I favor paying $5 for two 24-ounce beers than $8 plus tip for one beer at a casino bar. What is interesting is that where there is a large gap in the price difference of Bud Ice and Bud Light at the supermarket, it is relatively nil here.  The refrigerated beer selection is satisfactory. The greater number of beer are the 24 ounce cans. They include Michelob, Budweiser, Coors, Miller, and Modello. My beer of choice is the 24 ounce Michelob. Supposedly it is Busch's Cadillac of beer, and I rarely see it sold in this format in supermarkets. A blemish is that ABC employees will not open glass bottles. It is your responsibility to have the bottle opener. If they would of been kind enough to have done this for me I would of purchased a glass bottle of Heineken. Other yelpers mention that you could pick up other booze at ABC. Personally, I prefer the sit down atmosphere and talents of a bartender for the mix drinks. ABC Stores is also the go-to place for cold beverages that you do not need an ID to buy. I have gone to ABC Stores for water and Gatorade. Their cola selection falls short of the new Walgreens that has one of the fountain machines with the 100 flavors.  I would like to bring up that I pass over doing check-ins here. On the Strip, I have run into the problem where I am told to "Slow down Tiger" on my check-ins to the point that they have suspended them for the rest of the day. So, please take my word that if you want a cold one on the go that ABC is a good choice.The Yelp 100 Challenge. Review 58 out of 100.
1	Went inside and politely asked if they had any magazines for sale. The stock person said no, but he said that the other Miracle Mile ABC Store had them. I said thank you and left. I walked nearly 3/4 of a mile to the other ABC Store. I then asked a stock person where their magazines were for sale. She said, "we don't carry magazines." I mentioned that an employee from the other store had just sent me over to her location.I wasn't a fan of the news or how the stock people at both locations handled the situation. Walking is one thing, but going on a wild goose chase wasn't what I had in mind.In the end, I didn't end up with the magazine I had wanted and ABC Stores around the city lost my business.
1	I arrived at the second ABC Store in the mall, on the advice of a stock person from the other ABC Store. She said, "we don't carry magazines." I mentioned to her that an employee from the other store had just sent me over to her location.I'm not a fan of not being able to purchase what I wanted. Goose chases should be left for people that are younger.In the end, I didn't end up with the magazine I had wanted and ABC Stores around the city lost my business.
5	I lived at this store during my Vegas stay.  They have it all.  Water, crown royale, and 5 hour energy.  What else do you need in the Vegas?
3	There's enough of these stores around for you to get your everyday personal items and some basic food, drinks, and munchies.  With the Vegas sun, I was stocking up on sun tan lotion and aloe vera burn gel, though I guess the prior should make the formal unnecessary.  You don't even need to look at the prices because you only the essentials and you know that you're going to pay more.
4	I love the ABC Stores. I'm a long time resident of Vegas and have worked on the strip for years. ABC is a great place to buy an inexpensive snack or drink.The only bad part is that the lines are often very long, They usually move quick though.
4	I love ABC stores, they have everything and its so CLEAN AND ORGANIZED!!!!! and the staff is ALWAYS SO NICE.
4	Yep! They have everything at decent prices. Not much to write home about, but 3/$1 Vegas post cards = excellence.
4	My wife and I always stop by the ABC store at the Miracle Mile Shops because she needs her macadamia chocolate candy fix. It doesn't matter where we stay along the strip, we always find ourselves here pretending we are in Hawaii getting some chocolate. Enjoy all the treats and eats at the ABC Store.
5	Good place to buy alcohol and snacks while on the strip. It is super close to where my friend and I were staying ( Planet Hollywood). The prices for everything was pretty good compared to the bars on the strip, plus the have some craft beer you can't get at some bars. Overall a good place to get alcohol without  going to a bar.
4	We were so shocked to see ABC stores in Las Vegas!!!  Its great to see that the stores have moved from Hawaii to the mainland.  The store sells typical products that you can find at Walgreens, CVS and other drug stores, except every once in a while you can find their specialty products. I was able to find a Hello Kitty towel (for my friend--not me) that was sold exclusively at the ABC stores in Las Vegas. They are a little overpriced, but they have quality products that I think makes it worth it.
5	ABC offers the essentials at great prices. Top of the list for us was a liter of water for only .99! I was also pleased to find a muscle milk protein shake in the cooler.
4	Lots of drugstore convenience items at reasonable prices, not the extortionist Strip hotel prices - located in the heart of the Strip inside Planet Hollywood's Miracle Mile Shops.  Amazingly, we were able to find milk to have a cheap cereal breakfast inside our hotel room!  A definite find for non-highrollers staying on the Strip!
5	Great selection of vegas essentials, friendly and attentivie staff. The planet hollywood locations are my favorite.
5	Good place to get reasonably priced alcohol. Prices were better than the liquor store next to the Motel 6, surprising. 22 oz craft beer for $3-5 as well!
4	This store in Planet Hollywood is super convenient especially when we stay at The Cosmopolitan, we went there everyday for water, juices, alcohol and snacks. I always just raid the minibar and snack bar in our suite, even a small OJ cost $10, so hubby get things at ABC store from time to time, more selections and much cheaper! They have good selections of wine, beer and spirit, many cute souvenirs, foods, snacks, magazines, daily essentials, pretty much everything we need on a trip. The price is pretty decent for a store located in a hotel on the strip.
5	The ABC store is the way to go for everything. I love that we had one close to our hotel, very convenient. This is your one stop shop for everything you might need in Vegas. + Food, snack, water, alcohol+ Las Vegas souvenirs!! + ToiletriesThey have so many different souvenirs and Hello Kitty themed items. I really liked that they have 1 liter water for $0.99!! Don't forget to drink plenty of water when you're in the dessert.
4	It reminder me of being in the Hawaiian Islands.  I had to stop and pick up my usually stuff garlic macadamia nuts, Maui chips and calendars. Save your receipts for a free gift after you reach $100.  The store is exactly like the ones on Oahu. Good memories.
5	Sometimes in Vegas it's a pain in the ass to get to a liquor store, and the gift shops should give out a complementary bottle of lube with each alcohol purchase. It's nice to have a convenient place to get anything you need and more at a reasonable price.I appreciate this store even more in Vegas than I did in Hawaii.
3	Am I in Hawaii?  Waikiki has an ABC store every 10 feet, or so feels like it.  It is really nice to see them pop up in Vegas.  First of all, like 7-11, all you convenience needs can be found, only better.  Yes, it is expensive, but you have to pay a premium for convenience.  Drive to a grocery store if you want cheaper.  Then, like Hawaii, many tacky to nice souvenir products can be found here.  Basically, you will think you're in Hawaii, until you discover that no spam musubi is here.  For me, that's a good thing.
4	Handy for buying cheap multipack bottles of water. Buy boxes of M&Ms here instead of at M&MS world as they are better value. This place is a good combination of a corner shop and soy inert shop all in one. Good long opening hours.
4	The excruciating amount of leg pain, combined with a headache and lack there of sleep... brought me into this particular store.These are the most handy shops any tourist should know about.It's a great priced place.. especially when you see the tourist traps in the hotel's "convenience shops".Picked up an energy drink (sugar free) and headache pills for under 15.
5	When you're on the strip avoid going anywhere else you will pay a lot more. When friends are in town and were on the strip and we don't bring drinks this is where I get my cheap fix. Good place to find some snacks and stuff also. Glad we have two in the mall I work in definitely saves me a ton of money.
5	Reminds me of Hawaii every time I visit. If you don't know about the ABC Stores, they're kind of like a very nice 7-eleven store on steroids.  Reasonable prices, lots of useful stuff for both tourists and locals, and a wide variety of foods, gifts, gadgets, etc.
5	32 ounce bottled water 1 dollar.  Beer and liquor very reasonable.  Actually the best prices that we found.  Will be going back here on day one next time we are in town.
5	i LOVE coming here every time I'm in Vegas. And the fact that the Miracle Shops has two of these makes it even better.  You can't beat getting 1 liter of Dasani of water for 99 cents. SO CHEAP!!You can find everything here..alcohol, water, snacks, food, souvenirs, toiletries.  Prices are decent too.
5	Great place to buy alcohol, snacks, souvenirs etc at great prices.  We stopped by this one in Miracle Mile daily since we were staying at Planet Hollywood.
5	Good selection of souvenirs,  snacks,  drinks, and Hawaiian chocolates.  Very reasonable prices. Will visit them again next time in Las Vegas.
5	ABC Stores are perfect for Vegas. There is one downtown and several on the Strip. They have a great selection of souvenirs, snacks, shirts, alcohol, toiletries, and plenty of bottled water. Everything you need while on vacation, all in one place. And very reasonably priced. The best thing about ABC Stores? Lots and lots of Hello Kitty! Keychains, magnets, shirts, iPhone cases, note pads, pens, beach towels, tote bags, etc. It's a Hello Kitty lovers dream. I always go home with at least one new Vegas Hello Kitty shirt!They also have some very pretty Hawaiian jewelry and hair accessories. And plenty of nail polish and lip gloss. So if you forgot something at home or just want to try a new shade, stop in and check them out. It's a fun little store.
4	Has everything that you're going to need in a quick convenience store super like upscale 7-Eleven, prices are pretty good quality is very good they're heavy on customer service and they give you some pretty good package deals fresh sandwiches large variety of drinks and snacks and clothing
3	This is just like all of the ABC stores in Hawaii, except instead of selling mostly Hawaiian touristy shit, they sell a lot of Vegas touristy shit along with some Hawaiian shit.(For those of you who don't know, ABC stores are literally everywhere in Hawaii, and in places like Waikiki you often see two of them on the same block.  It's crazy).I do like the fact they have lots of decent quality trinkets for all your tourist needs.  It's also nice to see they do sell some (albeit not the best) Hawaiian coffee, macadamia nuts and other stuff the land of aloha.  But beyond it being a tourist novelty, I don't see much else you can do here.I did notice that the quality of their products seem to be better than a lot of lower-end souvenir shops, so that's a good thing.  I bought a nice tumbler here which still is going strong!Either case, if you're nearby it's worth taking a look - especially if you're dying to get some fuzzy dice along with a bag of Hawaiian coffee.
4	This is one stop shopping, that's for sure.  Reasonable prices for drinks, snacks, souvenirs, etc. You can buy liquor too. Stock up and bring back to your hotel room!   Save your money for what you came to Vegas for...  gambling!  :)
4	Thank you ABC for carrying Mauna Loa macadamias.  They have the variety 6 tins box and other boxes of one flavour for $24 or pouches for $12.  I always know I can come here and get nuts to stock up at home until my next visit to Vegas or Hawaii! If nuts aren't your thing, there's a lot of Vegas souvenirs to get here like t-shirts and keychains.Also great place to get a cold beverage whether it be pop, water (on sale $1 for 1 liter), or alcohol.  We picked up cheap wine, 2 bottles for $12, and a small bottle of Malibu.  If you want a cheap breakfast they carry one serving cereal, pop tarts, and packaged baked goods.  Lots of snack foods and ice cream too.  ABC, I'll be back for more of your nuts next time!
