2	The stylists were friendly, but I think their pricing needs major changes. I took my 16 month old twin girls for their first hair cut. The stylist was great with them, and took less than a half inch of the back and front of their hair. I was appalled when they charged me $15 per child for that! Absolutely ridiculous! They should have special prices for the real little ones. So if you are looking for the same with your child(ren), I wouldn't overpay for what was barely a trim.
4	I've been taking the lil dude here since he got his first haircut. He picks out a movie, sits right down, and gets to business. The girls who work here are nice and efficient. It makes for a pleasant experience all around. Way better than Fantastic Sam's or some other corporate chain. Stay away from the suits and support this place.
2	Here for the very first time with my son.  The stylist asked what we wanted done on my son's hair.  it is on the longer side in a surfer style cut.  I requested a trim and re-shape of only a half inch, no more, he even confirmed showing me how much he would cut off by the measurement to which I agreed.  What I watched fall on the floor was at least an inch, maybe a little more.  Other salons I have been to (in San Diego) take their time with my son's hair, this cut took all of 5 minutes.  The customer service is pretty lacking as well.  I informed my son that he is going to have to graduate to a big kid salon, we most likely won't be coming back here.
4	Finally a place that is patient enough to cut my 19 month old son's hair. Had to drive far but the result was worth it.  There was some fuzzing but having a tv with his favorite show helped.  The little ride on chairs was also a plus.  Vanessa, the stylist was very efficient and patient
5	This is a great place for small kids. They have TV and bunch of movies.Kids can pick their movie and start watching when friendly staff they cut their hair. The chairs are very custom made in the shape of plane, cars etc. It's not expensive compared to other regular places.Also their address in yelp is wrong. They are on 59th and 101 next to Albertsons.
