4	Great Chinese/Japanese buffet. I go here for lunch often, and I hear they have snow crab legs at night, but I haven't tried them. Cost for lunch is about $7 after tax, a little more than most, but not bad at all. It's nestled behind Fuddrucker's and once you are inside you feel so far away from the hubbub of the busy Matthews section near 51 and 74. The atmosphere is generally quiet and relaxed.The food is great. You have the staples like Lo Mein, Fried Rice, General Tso's Chicken, but also lots of stuff you don't normally find in the Chinese take-out like whiting fish, fried eggplant, sushi (not particularly great, but hey, it's there), fresh mussels, bacon-wrapped scallops.I do tend to eat late lunches though, and if you're anything like me, get there before about 2:30 or so because after that the food starts to decline in quantity and quality.Overall, highly recommended Oriental buffet if you are in the Matthews area.
3	Just another Chinese food trough.  Nothing good.  Nothing bad.  Isn't gluttony one of the seven deadly sins?
3	Typical Chinese/Japense restaurant. They have a wider selection than most places. I'll say it looks nicer on the inside than the food tastes. I was underwhelmed by the food. We went in Sept of '09 and have not been back. The restaurant is set back off the road sort of behind a Fudruckers.
2	A lot of tasty looking food but when you taste it it's a surprising disappointment :(
4	Much cleaner than "other places" along route 74.  Some are cheaper but they are filthy with sauce spoons and food spilled everywhere. Not here. I go here and pay a bit more for the cleanliness and excellent wait staff. The food is good. Better than average. And where else can you even get hot pot.
4	Buffet Dynasty is one of the better Asian buffets I've been to.  The quality of their product is adequate and everything tastes pretty good.  The sushi is tiny and not the best, but hey, I can stuff my face with as many tiny rolls as I desire.The man who I believe to be the owner is always working the buffet or speaking with customers directly.  Very personable, always smiling.  He keeps the restaurant quite clean.Go on a weekday during lunch to get the best rate for an adult buffet.  Enjoy.
4	As far as buffets go this is one of the better ones! I used to come here a lot when I worked in Matthews, but had not been back in a while. Did lunch here Friday and realized how much I missed this place.As far as Chinese goes this is about as authentic as you are going to get at a buffet. I'm not saying it is "real authentic Chinese", but it is for a buffet. You have to know where you are eating.I liked everything I had, soups were great, all the sauces I had were pretty good too! Wait staff was on top of refills, clearing the table etc.... All in all a great experience. Right now they are running a lunch buffet special for their 12th anniversary. My wife and I only paid 5.99 each, well worth it!
