1	Purchased a Groupon offer with these folks. They no showed when the appointment was scheduled and had some message on their phone saying that there was a 'technical' glitch and they lost all of the information.Funny since I got an email on Saturday from Groupon confirming my appointment.I smell a rat. Company did a deal with Groupon and could not handle the volume and made up some lame excuse to get out of it.Honorable company would say "Leave your name and number and we will call you within 24 hours to take care of mistake"...not call them and see if you can get a refund.Or how about this....ANSWER YOUR PHONE and don't hide behind a voice mail.
1	I also had a Groupon. It took me several weeks to contact them as their voice mail was full. I finally got an appointment and they came out to do my windows. They did a HORRIBLE job. Left water spots and drips. Bent one of my screens removing it to clean. When I emailed the owner, he said we should wait until it cools down and they would come out again. I emailed him again the end of Sept. He didn't respond. He responded to my second email with questions but a week later has yet to respond to my answers. I also get the impression he doesn't intend to do anything but clean the spots & drips (which I already had to do) and "look" at the bent screen. I don't trust him so I decided to drop it. I'm afraid they'll do more damage or try to charge me for something. Fortunately, due to the number of complaints Groupon had against this company, they refunded the purchase price of the Groupon.
1	I also bought a Groupon. I called before the expiration date and they had a full voice mail that said they will discount their services for the amount I paid. What? That isn't a discount. When I emailed the company, they responded but blamed me for waiting too long. The fine print doesn't that services have to be completed by a certain date. I thought it was okay if I scheduled it by the expiration. I was fine with waiting, I just wanted to schedule it and not have to pay full price since I had already purchased the Groupon.I have requested a refund from Groupon and am carefully researching other companies to do quarterly service for us. These people have to enter your home, so it's not worth it to let someone into your residence who you you have to fight with to get them to do the right thing! In the future I will not purchase any service like this from Groupon without thoroughly researching the company first. If there isn't enough information on them to do that, just move on!
5	I have been a client for over 3 years and have always had a great experience.  Chad is very responsive and provides very personalized service.  I am a neat-freak and I have been very happy with how great my windows look.  It's unfortunate they have received some negative reviews.  I had called during the promotion.  I am guessing the Groupon promotion may have been a little overwhelming.  I would encourage anyone to give them an opportunity.  In my experience, they consistently provide exceptional service.
