4	I guess I didn't expect to find such a great knitting shop in a strip mall.  Natural Stitches is located in the shopping plaza by Trader Joes.  A couple of people have told me about this place and the other knitters at Knit in Public Day see picture here - http://pittsburgh.metblogs.com/2008/06/14/today-is-world-wide-knit-in-public-day/2 Things I like about this place:1. They have yarn to knit with - they don't have lots of sparkle stuff that looks good on the shelf but then you don't know what to make with it.2. They have lots of eco friendly yarns and things are organized with color coded cards.  Each shelf is labeled so you can quickly tell if you are looking at an organic yarn or a regular yarn.The staff is very helpful and they will also wind your yarn into a ball for you which I learned while I was there that it is better to knit from a ball of yarn than from just the yarn as you buy it off the shelf.
2	Though I am happy that there is a yarn store in the East Liberty, my experience at Natural Stitches was disappointing.  The staff was unhelpful and kind of rude. I felt like I imposed on them as soon as I walked into the store.  Even though I was the only customer in the small store, the "workers" made themselves scarce as soon as I walked in.  When I finally found my yarn (with no help from the staff), I went to the register, was ignore for a couple minutes, then was checked out while the checkout lady continued her conversation with a coworker.  In the future, i will order my yarn online from KnitPicks.
4	Lovely little store. They have yarn in every price range. Great variety.  I especially like that for every yarn there is a label on the bin telling you the fiber content and about how many balls it would take to make a range of projects. Glad I looked them up.
4	My second time there was a lot better than the first.  Natural stitches was a lot more welcoming and I actually enjoyed my visit.  The yarns were beautify and the employees (none of the ones from my first visit) helped me find the perfect cream colored superwash wool.  They even gave me a discount. I will definitely go back.
5	Natural Stitches is a wonderful store. They have a variety of yarns in a variety of price ranges. They always greet me by  name when I come in and there are always a group of people (some employees) sitting on the comfy couches knitting. They are always willing to help you interpret a pattern or show you a technique or help you out with a problem. One of the things *I* like about Natural Stitches is that you can go in and browse without any interference BUT there is always someone to help if you ask. I like being able to wonder by myself and browse. The best of both worlds. Great assistance, but the ability to look on my own. Highly recommend this store!
5	Natural Stitches is the Clark Kent of yarn stores - it looks unassuming on the outside, but inside it's full of good stuff and helpful information. They carry a really wide range of products, including every color of Cascade 220 (a workhorse worsted weight yarn) and a nice selection of spinning fiber, needles and notions.  I've attended several knit nights at the store, and I like that I feel welcome even though I'm far from their biggest customer - there's no pressure to buy. The selection is good, but the staff may be the store's secret weapon - they go out of their way to help people find what they're looking for and their expertise helps people match yarn and projects for good results, not just the next sale.  That's exactly the kind of store that I want to shop at when I'm ready to get my knit on.
2	While the yarn selection was decent, the store policy is to only wind 1,000 yards.  I purchased nearly 20 skeins of yarn.  I shop all over the country at LYS to support the industry, and this is the first time a store didn't gladly wind and ship the yarn to me.  I was in no hurry - I simply asked for the yarn to be wound at their convenience and shipped to me.  I shop LYS for the service. rather than buying yarn online. This shop won't get my business again!
5	Just my first visit, but I really like Natural Stitches. They have a wonderful selection and the staff was very friendly, helpful but not overbearing. I like the size of the store too, space to relax and shop without feeling cramped or dirty. I'll definitely be back (frequently).
1	Very poor customer service.  The women who work there seem to prefer working on their projects than in helping customers.  On my most recent trip (and my last) I purchased 7 skeins of yarn and was told they would only wind 5 of them because they didn't want to make other customers wait.  I was the only person in the store at that time!!  A customer did check out while my yarn was being rolled and they rolled her single skein before completing my order.  I didn't mind, but I felt like they then should have rolled all 7 of my skeins.  If their policy is in place to prevent customers from waiting and they didn't have a single other customer then it was absurd to me that they simply didn't do all of my skeins.  I have been there several times and will now patronize some other local yarn shop rather than return.  After all, if all I needed was a skein of yarn, many places to go...clearly I needed assistance and perhaps advice.
5	I was visiting my fiance and looking for something to do when I found this place. Walking up to it I wasn't expecting much, but it's great! Lots of sock yarn (my favorite) and other things to choose from and friendly staff. When I told them I was from out of town they gave me a tote bag and said that if I needed more of what I bought I could call and they would ship it to me. Just an all around awesome little yarn shop.
5	The amount of options was almost overwhelming (in a good way). Just being in this place made me want to go home and immediately use my yarn - and then come back. Hooray for local stores!
