4	This place seems virtually unknown, but I'd say it's a hidden gem.  My only complaint is it's very tacky inside, but I can overlook that part.  The staff is super friendly and attentive--almost too attentive.  (I felt like I was a Martian for so often not needing anything else when they asked.)I've been a couple of times.  The standouts are a very tender pork with green chile; chicken mole negro, and a chile relleno with Mexican white cheese and a spicy cream sauce.
5	my fiance and i found this place by absolute accident. we were visiting scottsdale and wanted authentic mexican food. by god, we got it! we both had enchiladas (i had cheese, he had chicken) doused in a VERY spicy (we were both sweating, but in a good way) and delicious green sauce. both came with rice and the smoothest, most delightful refried beans ever. the salsa was amazing, and the tortilla chips are super-thick and crunchy and fried on site. they also gave us both complimentary bowls of a wonderful vegetable beef soup as an appetizer. all of this, plus 2 beers, for a total of $23! the service was also great. the decor is kinda schmaltzy, but i think it added to the charm of the whole affair. it's not a high-end fusion-mexican restaurant like those found in NYC, no, but that's not what we wanted. i'm only sorry i ran out of room and couldn't clean my plate!
3	I guess it's too late to try Acapulco Bay that was in the same location.  Apparently not enough other people tried it either.  But La Escondida has moved in.  I'm really hoping the garish ginormous trees complete with faux fern growing out the sides are leftovers from the Bay.  It would be sad to think someone's investment went toward that.  Also interesting they have tablecloths and cloth napkins and some fairly decent liquors (single barrel Jack, Sapphire, Grey Goose), but served a Gentleman's Tea in a tequila emblemed glass and soft drinks in plastic.  Hopefully, the glassware was leftover as well.Never letting poor decor detract from what might be a good meal, I excitedly opened my menu.  I was ready for some Cinco de Cuatro grub.  Not the typical burritos and chimichangas menu I was expecting.  I was also not expecting to see Asian and Italian dishes on the back page of the menu.  I steered clear of those and went with Mexican fare.Thick tortilla chips and salsa were served.  The chips are clearly made in-house judging by the nice coat of grease.  Unfortunately, they were not hot.  The salsa was more like a slightly chunky hot sauce, quite good.  My husband ordered two entrees, thinking one was an appetizer, or at least that's his story.  The shrimp tacos (3 for $9.50) were not lacking in shrimp and served on very good corn tortillas.  While the shrimp was cooked perfectly, we agreed the sauce the shrimp was in could have been better. Entree number two for him was lamb chops ($20).  I didn't sample this one, but he did say it was excellent.  Perhaps he will write a review someday.  I ordered the pork with green chile ($8.50).  I thought it had just a little too much salt and was a little on the sour side for my taste (my husband did not agree and thought it was excellent), but the pork was extremely tender and it was spicy.  The beans and rice were both quite good.  The rice was nicely seasoned without the typical tomato sauce base.Deserving of more than 3 stars in my book, but not quite 4 based on my first visit.    Also should mention there are a couple poker tables available should you and your party prefer to play cards rather than talk to each other.
3	Hidden gem. We got here and the menu seemed like nothing special, but then the food arrived. Our dishes were truly delicious. I adore spicy food and this places nails it. From the salsa to the entrees, this place will keep you sweatin!Our waitress was also super sweet and very helpful :)
4	I can't believe this place is not packed on a Saturday night, the food is to die for! I'm visiting from California and I know good Mexican food.  This restaurant deserves your patronage! It is a "hole in the wall," so throw on some comfy clothes and come here!The chicken mole is out if this world, very good sized portions, you will have leftovers for lunch the next day. We also had the shrimp dinner (I requested spicy).  I have never had anything like it. The shrimps were perfectly cooked, juicy and flavorful and the spicy sauce was just epic.  My friend and I couldn't believe no one was here.  I will definitely be back each year when I'm out for spring training!
4	Wow, I was really surprised and impressed!  We noticed that the restaurant had changes hands, but had not thought to try it until we saw it on Yelp.  This is definitely not the usual generic, anglicized Mexican fare, but seems more like a family restaurant in Sonora.  The food was great and the portions were generous.  Our server was attentive and prompt, but to our surprise, we were the only patrons on a Sunday evening.  I agree with the other reviews about the decor... Kind of  campy with a fake jungle theme going, but it was fun and not over the top.
5	La Escondida is in my opinion one of the best overall Mexican restaurants in the Scottsdale area. It is a great mix of ambiance, fantastic food, and great service. I have never had to pay for the food myself when going here so I really don't know what the cost is, but I would certainly be willing to pay more than the average Mexican food rate for the flavors here. This is one of the places I miss most in AZ.
1	Read the reviews and went to the hidden gem for dinner tonight (Saturday night) and it was dark.  Either temporarily or permanently closed.  Call before you spend the effort...
