4	This place is great! I've bought more than a few items here. There is always a good selection of items and the best part.. THERE ISN'T CHEESY CRAFT CRAP! I'm one of the people that gets irritated when I see these types of things in an antique store. It isn't a craft store..it's a place for OLD things. Their selection of OLD items is great and their prices are decent. The staff is always really nice and they are open on Sundays, which can be a rarity in Antique stores. I don't think this place is cluttered, I think it is laid out well. If you are looking for something in particular, the staff is very knowledgeable about what items are in the store. Overall great place to go!
4	This is hands down my favorite antique shop. I've been to most of the shops in phoenix and this one always stands out to me. I always seem to find something that I have to have wether it be some old black and white photos or a bear rug! The staff is friendly and will help you find what your looking for if you require something specific. They will also call the booth owner if you would like to make an offer on a piece. Everything is reasonably priced for the most part and the content stays filtered. I mean I have nothing against people who collect toys and beetles memorabilia but I'm just glad that at this store I don't have to sift through it.  2 thumbs up for sure!
2	This place can salvage a couple of stars from me because there are a couple of booths here with spiffy shit -- unusual, quirky, one-of-a-kind type stuff. The major turnoff at this place was the godawful exorbitant prices. Like, I think I actually laughed out loud once after flipping over a price tag. That, and the confusing, choppy layout, along with the unsmiling staff who kept giving me the side eye as if I was going to stuff an item in my purse. Just UGH.No thanks.
1	As Megan D. said, the staff will make you feel like a criminal. I went in the store with my girlfriend and the first thing we asked the manager was if we could take pictures. We told her if it was an issue we would leave our cameras in the car. She told us it was fine and we were there for an hour snapping away and having a grand time. As we made our way to the front she tells me that I am clogging the aisle and that she needs to see my ID. She told me that security told her to take it. I then asked where the security people are located and she said that they had left. Further into the conversation she said that the manager told her to take it. I asked who the manager was and she said there was no manager and proceeded to say security had asked for it. I called her out on the inconsistency of the story and she said she never said that she told me that a manager asked her to take the information. One of the employees finally took me to the side while she was helping a customer and told me that she was the manager and was concerned I was casing the place to later rob it. She accused me of taking pictures of the security system and being too detailed with my shots. I'm a photographer and all I was looking for was nice pictures. I insisted that she watch as I deleted all photos that I took, but she said all she needed was my information. Needless to say, I will not be coming back to this antique store. The items are priced too high and many things are not even antiques. This experience ruined a rather fun day up to that point.
4	This is a wheelchair friendly store and also clean. There's only a few areas I can't get the wheelchair, but someone will help if you ask. It's like any other store...some prices are more than fair and some are very high. You don't find much junk here...it goes from high end glass items to collectibles of any price. It's true about being watched, it must come from the experience of people stealing, but it's still a bit uncomfortable. We just ignor that and go about with our exploring.
5	Great place to fine unique pieces of furniture. I bought 3 end tables and an english Edwardian desk from them and I'll go more and look for other stuff. The elegant lady with the short black hair in the front is very nice and she will do anything to help. Thank you !
2	Place way over priced
5	I love this store! I have been to most of the antique shops in Phoenix and out of all of them this place is my favorite. The best thing about it is that it is somewhat regulated as to what is sold there. No plastic 80's/90's toys, no Britney Spears doll, no Bud light super bowl poster. This is the way antique stores should run, keep the junk in the junk drawer.
5	Over the years that I've antiqued in PHX, I've started to add this place to one of my favorites. The staff always is always nice to me and I've found quite a few fantastic pieces for my house. The prices seem reasonable and there's a couple booths that always have something fun to look at.
4	They have a HUGE selection of most everything, paintings, clocks, lamps, for example and of course miscellaneous items galore. No one helps you unless you explicitly ask for it.Best finds: a "hand-carved wooden Assyrian Ram", multiple wooden carved animal heads, and a Fritz Scholder painting.They also play 60's music. Bonus. Major negative: it's exceedingly more expensive than other antique shops in the valley.
5	Great selection of quality stuff from little tiny clocks, to funky steam punk deco, eclectic clothes, weird wall hangings to furniture that you can't sit on unless you buy (makes sense). One can easily spend hours, so I'll keep popping in, as dealers move there goods in and out.
