5	I tried out the Conflict Cafe aka Kubideh Kitchen today after reading about it recently and it was great, art never tasted so good. The 2 girls working there were really friendly and explained the idea behind it which you can read about at their site. Since this is a food review I'll talk about the food.Currently they only serve one item, called kubideh, with seasoned ground meat in freshly baked seeded flat bread with onion, mint, and basil and it is delicious. They don't beat you over the head with political discussions but leave you with a little food for thought while you eat...no pun intended.I would highly recommend checking it out if you haven't been there and will return myself. If you're heading over make sure that you go during hours they'll be there since they have a pretty small window which they're open (from 11am-2pm daily.)
5	I knew going in that this would be more art project than eatery. I'd read about it in the P-G, and NPR had picked up the story nationally. Conflict Kitchen's menu item changes every four months as it highlights cuisine from countries the U.S. is in conflict with. Right now, it's "Kubideh Kitchen" serving Iranian sandwiches. This fall, it will be food from Afghanistan. After that, who knows. (For what it's worth, there is no shortage of edible possibilities.) The project is intended to provoke thought. My kubideh came wrapped in a sheet containing information about Iran's culture and geopolitical situation. As the NPR story put it, "everybody speaks sandwich".But here's the best part. What the news stories didn't let on enough is that my Persian sandwich would be *delicious*. The kubideh is ground beef topped with sumac, parsley, mint, basil, and onion, wrapped in barbari, a seeded flatbread. So tasty, and at $5, a bargain. (No, the ingredients weren't shipped from Iran. The bread is made from Latrobe flour, and the beef is from Ligonier.)I'll go out on a limb and say that both Primanti's and the Carnegie could learn a thing or two from this place. And how many places could you say that about?
5	The concept is inventive, and the sandwich is great.  The Conflict Kitchen features a simple lunch from the cuisine of a country with which the US is in conflict.  The project started with Iran, and the seasoned beef sandwich served with onion, mint, and basil is worth a return visit.  I can't imagine a better $5 lunch.  You have about a month to enjoy it...!The sandwich comes wrapped in an interesting paper printed with comments of Iranian-Americans.  I found a few of the comments dubious, especially about nuclear capability.  The comments appear without attribution, and I wish the authors were identified, since they are personal opinions.I'm looking forward to the Afghanistan offering due at the end of September.  In the meantime, I'm going back for more kubideh before it's gone.
5	This place gets a solid 5 stars for everything - the delicious, authentic kubideh, and the incredible concept behind the take-out storefront.As others have said, Conflict Kitchen features authentic, inexpensive food from a nation that the US is in conflict with.  Rights now it's Iran - Afghanistan is next, and I hear Venezuela might be in the works!When you place an order, it takes a while since the delicious kubideh is cooked to order.  The woman working at the window engages passersby in conversation about Iran, expanding our knowledge and bashing stereotypes.  Even the wrapper that contains the kubideh is printed with insightful interviews from local Iranians, offering us a glimpse into their culture and a chance to examine our prejudices.An ingenious idea, executed perfectly.  Loved it!  Can't wait to try Afghanistan!
5	You've gotta love an original concept. And a tasty eat too. I would have preferred not to wear that sauce on my pants, but I guess that's what I get for trying to save that pretty paper it was wrapped in.
5	They've changed to Afghanistan!  At long last!Now they serve bolani - which is like a pocket of flatbread filled with vegetarian deliciousness, and cooked to crispy perfection.  Last week when I stopped by, they had two flavors: spinach/leek, and red lentil - both delicious.  Especially the lentil.  They're going to have two more flavors soon (or maybe they already do) - pumpkin, and something else.  All vegetarian.  All made to order, hot and fantastic.  Rock on.  You can get one for $3, or two for $5.  One is enough if you are just a little hungry, or if you have other things to snack on during the day - two is a filling lunch, you won't need anything else.  And I haven't tried this, but a coworker said they don't reheat well in the microwave, so only order what you want to eat right then.Go enjoy the inexpensive, authentic tastiness!
5	This was definitely worth crawling out of my end of semester cave.  I'd been curious about Conflict Kitchen for a while, but didn't get to try it during the Iranian phase since the kubideh contained beef.  Now the place serves bolani from Afghanistan which all are vegetarian, much to my delight.The bolani are savory turnovers cooked to order, so that they're piping hot when you receive them.  Unfortunately, the pumpkin filling wasn't available when I visited, but I tried the potato-leek and the red lentil varieties.  The red lentil one tastes kind of like a red lentil dal, which I enjoyed, being a fan of Indian food.  The potato-leek one was good, too, but I'm glad it came with a small container of sour cream, because it was a bit dry.  I'll have to go back to try pumpkin and the fourth filling, spinach.The price is actually $4 for 1 bolani, and $7 for 2.  The employee who took my order was quite friendly, and eager to talk about Afghanistan.  The bolani come wrapped in a pretty paper wrapper with facts about the country and its culture, but they also keep a copy by the counter so that you can peruse it as you wait for your food.  The way that the bolani are wrapped makes them very easy to eat on the go, which you'll probably want to do since it's getting too cold to sit on one of the outdoor benches.
4	Great concept and awful hours. I like the bolanis being served right now, they're savory and one of the best ways to warm yourself up in the winter.
4	I still like your bolani, Conflict Kitchen, but why do you never seem to have the pumpkin one? Of your other three flavors, I still love the red lentil one the best. But show me some pumpkin love, please!The service can be a bit slow, since one person takes the orders, makes change, and comes back out with the food.
5	"Just when I thought you couldn't possibly be any dumber, you go and do something like this... and totally redeem yourself!"Look, I don't think Pittsburgh is dumb at all, but outsiders may think that we're nothing more than a bunch of steelers-jersey-wearing, meat and potato eating city.I love that places like Conflict Kitchen serve up a completely unique concept and breathe some edgy life into the city. While the concept is great on an informative level alone, it's also a great chance to try some food you otherwise may never encounter.I recently stopped by for some Afghani Bolani's, and thought they were pretty tasty. That said, these things are expensive for what you get - but at a place like this I guess you're paying more for the idea than the actual food.Regardless of how weird the food may seem, or the prices, I will continue to happily support this place due to the great idea behind it.
5	The ever changing menu at Conflict Kitchen is one the reason I wish I was closer to PGH.. or at least visited more often. The concept absolutely fascinates me. A pop up that has a revolving menu, but always from a country we are in conflict with.I was in the area last fall while Kubideh Kitchen (Iranian cuisine) was going strong, and well, this was on my list of must visit places. While I was partially concerned that I had built it up too much in my head that it wouldn't be as good as I had hoped, these fears quickly disappeared. It's not fast food, but I appreciate that. My friends and I all ordered our sandwiches and beverages. My beverage was a ginger beer that heeded a spicy hot warning. It hailed from Jamaica (not quite Iran).That food was good. Let me tell you. We sat there beside it, unable to wait until we drove elsewhere to eat. I loved the research they did into the authenticity and the prices were very reasonable. The wrappers for the sandwiches have facts about the country as well as their relationship with the United States. They are so well designed I took a spare and still have it as a keepsake.Bonus was that you could technically order vegetarian, though you won't get the full experience. Someone ordered a sandwich with no meat shortly after us, which meant bread and mint pretty much. They looked like they still enjoyed it.
5	What a cool idea!As one might expect, the cuisines of countries with which we are in conflict are frequently under-represented in the United States, and Conflict Kitchen helps try to fill in that gap.  They do different iterations every few months, and the current country being represented is Afghanistan.  They've done Iran before, and it looks like Venezuela will be next.  I gather there's more to this organization than just the food, but for hung-over lunch on a Sunday, I was unfortunately a little bit too ignorant-through-fatigue to pay attention to much else.  The takeout window is an interesting layout that immediately gets you asking questions when you see it, and the menu is small in a wonderful way.  Having too many choices stresses people out, and Conflict Kitchen is therefore not a stressful place from which to order.  The turnovers we had were damn tasty, too.  It may not be 100% about the food, but they definitely do the food right.  Options are potato and leek, spinach, and lentil.  All three were great, though there was a slight blandness to the potato and leek and the lentil. The spinach was really where it's at, though.  I'd pick that one if/when I do it again.In the complaint department, well it's cash only, but they're such a small organization that I have trouble faulting them, especially because they're SO INCREDIBLY NICE.  Also, the hours are highly inconvenient for me, but they're there to do takeout for lunch, not serve at all hours of the day, and it may not be economically sound for them to be open much longer than that.If you can make it while they're open, though, try it out and get a taste of something different.  I can't wait until the Venezuela iteration is set up.
4	I love the concept for this place, and I love the food even more.  Absolutely delicious food, and very thought provoking.  The menu is limited, and so are the hours, but this is a wonderful experience not to miss.  This place is unique, fun, educational, and the food is great.
3	Food: Conflict Kitchen rotates what they serve approximately every 6 months.  They offer 3-4 choices from the cuisine of a country the Unite States is or was in military conflict with.  Past countries have been Afghanistan and Iran, and the current cuisine is Venezuela.  They currently offer three arepas, which are like sandwiches where the "bread" is made of corncake and it is stuffed with goodis.  The choices are chicken with avocado, a black bean mixture (vegan), and queso (vegetarian).  We got the black bean and queso versions.  Both were stuffed full making the arepa about the size of a small hamburger.  We split 3 between the two of us, and it was enough to fill us up for lunch.  One may not be quite enough.  The queso version was bland, its just cheese on bread.  It could definitely use something else (I put hot sauce on it at home).  The black bean arepa was much better.  It had more ingredients and much more flavor.Price: The arepas are $5 each.  We also got 2 bottled sodas which were $3 each.  Our total came to $21, which wasn't bad, but considering how much food you get, the price is a little steep for lunch.Drinks: They offer bottled water and other drinks like unique sodas.  We got "Jamaica's Finest" ginger beers, and they were the most potent and delicious ginger beers we had ever tried.  I'm guessing you can get these at other places too, but we hadn't seen them before.Atmosphere: It is located on Baum Blvd. near its intersection with Highland Ave. next to the Waffle Shop.  Its just a window.  You order the food, wait about 10 minutes for them to prepare it (dress warm if its winter), and then take it somewhere to eat.  Service: The girl at the window was very friendly.  She explained the food options, she asked us how we found out about them and if we had been there before, she explained the concept and motive of the restaurant, and went into detail about how they decide which cuisine to represent and how they develop the recipes.  They also provide you with a small pamphlet that comes with your food that has interviews with citizens from the featured country.  It is informative and interesting.(+): very unique and interesting concept, nice people working there(-): the food is average to slightly above-average for the priceWould I go back again? I will likely try each cuisine at least once.  I probably will not go back for Venezuelan food, but Cuba is supposedly on deck, and if there is a vegetarian option, I will try it.  I think it is worth going once to try something new, learn something, and support a creative idea.
3	Overpriced for how much is offered.The food can be good or s and so, depending on the cuisine.I definitely recommend the Cuban Cuisine, which is the latest trend. So far the best cooking.
5	Where is the sixth star.No joke.This place is doing everything right - they're doing it because they give a flip, they're using mad skills and ACTUALLY TRAVELING to perfect their recipes and delivering the best product possible. And boy, is it yummy. I've had the Persian and Cuban iterations, as well as taking part in a live SKype meal with Tehran over a full-course, home-cooked Persian meal that blew everyone's mind (the talk? the food? THE GRAMMAR? Let's just say all of it!).Please live forever.
5	I finally had a chance to make it to Conflict Kitchen before they move at the end of the month to the Strip District. I loved it. We had the broiled yuca and the slow cooked pork. Both platters come with rice and beans and a cabbage salad. The food was delicious and it was very interesting to read about Cuba on the food packaging.
5	Great place for trying foods from countries the U.S. is in conflict with. Very friendly service.
4	Loved the concept.  Sadly, the East Liberty location is closed now.  BUT they will re-open in Schenley Plaza as of April 2013!
5	Yum! I've always wanted to try Conflict Kitchen, but it was impossible for me to go because of the hours they previously had. Now they're open for much longer hours (I THINK 11-6), and they're located in Schenley Plaza! Win!I've gone to the Iranian one twice already since they opened in Schenley plaza....last week. Yes, I like it so much I've gone twice in one week! I tried a number of things within in my two visits. I got the vegetarian sandwich...I do not remember what it was called. It was delicious, though a bit messy. I also tried the yogurt dipping sauce. The yogurt sauce was delicious, but the bread was the real winner here. It is kind of like pita...but salty and sweet kind of. I saved half of my yogurt sauce and plan to go back and buy more bread for it today!I also tried the bread with cheese and walnuts. The bread here was a little dry--not sure if it's different bread or what. It was kind of hard and flakey...not at all what I was expecting. It was not bad, but I highly doubt I'll get it again even though it was the item I was most looking forward to trying.The fruit drink was good, but a bit small. It was only a dollar, I think, but I'd have been willing to pay more for a larger option.For dessert, I tried the rice pudding. For those of you who know arroz con leche...it is not at all like that. It's not sweet, but it comes with I think some kind of cherry sauce on top of it. Mixed with the cherries, it was a pleasant dessert, but I still love me some arroz con leche with cinnamon a bit more!The staff was incredibly friendly and patient with those of us who had questions about the menu. While they were not accepting cards when I went, they promise that they will be accepting cards soon. I was told they would be accepting cards by this week, but when I went yesterday they still were not. Make sure you bring cash, just in case. It is a little pricey if you want to try a bunch of different stuff, but the sandwich itself would have filled me up for lunch just fine. The problem was that I wanted to try everything!!!Finally, the CONCEPT. It is the coolest concept, and I really liked the informative paper that came with my sandwich. I saved it so I can read it later! I really believe if we all understood each other just a little better, there would be so much less war and conflict. And really, what's the best way to get to know a culture other than to understand their eating habits and traditions. I cannot wait to try other versions of this restaurant. I am hoping they bring back the Cuban version, and I'd also like to see some more Latin American versions. Aren't we pretty much always in "conflict" with that region?
4	I went here with my S.O. this past weekend because I not only love the concept (become culturally and politically aware!), but I love the idea of being able to try new cuisines that I probably wouldn't otherwise. The new location is much more accessible, although it is cash only which is a tad inconvenient in this day and age. Right now, the restaurant has manifested itself a Kubideh Kitchen, which serves Iranian cuisine. We wanted to order the walnut-pomegranate chicken, but were told that it wouldn't be ready for another hour, so instead, we ordered some sort of herby-egg fritatta wrapped in a pita-like bread (sorry, I don't recall any of the exact meal names/terminology!), a "stew" with rice and vegetables, and an orange/simple syrup concoction that tasted like liquified creamsicle! While I was surprised that the stew had no liquid, it was amazingly tasty nonetheless. I also ended up eating most of my S.O.'s fritatta; I had never tasted such a delicious combination of textures and tastes! I can't wait to return and try more things from this particular menu before it changes.The service was great; whoever it was that served us let us know how to pronounce the menu items and told us what they were. Prices are reasonable (might seem a bit high to some based on the serving size, considering most of us are used to "America" sized portions...), but it was just enough food to feel content. Well, I actually did want more, but stuffing yourself isn't really a good thing. For those with kids, they also have a kids menu. There is also outdoor seating available, so make sure you head on over here sometime this summer, enjoy the weather, and some truly fantastic food!
4	the theme here is that they rotate the menu to reflect cuisines of different countries the US has conflicts with . for now it is Iranian food.. kookoo e-sabzi is WONDERFUL!!! love Iranian food. sharbat drink is quite good also. prices are reasonable. sitting outside in the park is quite nice on those days when Pittsburgh has good weather (LOL). so yeah, it would be a lot better if they were in San Diego...
3	I've been there when they had Iranian take out.  We had some Koobideh sandwich and Fesenjoon (walnut-pomegranate stew) plus mast-o-khyar (cucumber yogurt). The Koobideh sandwich was delicious, tho it was different from real Koobideh's that you can find in Iran: it had more spices and onions and we don't eat yougurt in a koobideh sandwich in Iran. It was more a gyro style. I'd rather if it had less spices (it was yellowish, maybe because of turmeric, but actual koobideh is not that color).mast-o-khyar was good. I liked the raisins inside.Fesenjoon, on the other hand, was not good at all. It had nothing to do with real Fesenjoon: It was very watery and tasted more like Curry. Real Fesenjoon is actually full of walnut and pomegranate paste and is much more thick. All my friends from all over the world loved Fesenjoon when I cooked it for them, but I don't think they'll like this one. The portion in general is small, but for Fesenjoon, the amount of stew on the rice was miserable.In general, I'd recommend the Koobideh sandwich and Mast-o-Khyar but not fesenjoon. Pros:Staff are nice.Some food are delicious.Support a good cause.The sandwich wrap was interesting to read.Cons:It has small portion.The food is not real Iranian food.
5	Love love love Conflict Kitchen.  Low-key, affordable, DELICIOUS, thoughtful.  Sitting right in Schenley Plaza is Conflict Kitchen--now in stand form.  Right now they're featuring Iranian food, and everything I ate and tasted was knock-your-socks-off yummy.  Nice flavor combos, and nothing too overdone.  Simple, great food.You can get food and eat it at a table nearby, or you can get food and stroll.
5	I knew we were going to love this place from the moment we bellied up to the ordering window - there are so many delicious aromas greeting their customers, it's no wonder this place was turning a good business, even on a drab and rainy day! We dropped by this afternoon after going to the Carnegie Museums because of all the great reviews we've read here. I must admit that the reviews were spot on. Fast and delicious, it definitely was. The Kubideh was delicious, and the khoresht-e fesenjan was a very tasty and filling dish. We really enjoyed the lime and mint Sharbat drinks as well.Staff were extremely friendly, even letting us know that the carousel token vending machine was not working well and would likely just take our quarters without giving us tokens.Overall, the concept is great - a sort of "look what you are missing out on" restaurant. Ah, if only the world would listen to Lennon, and have us imagine what life would be like if we could all get along. Hmmm. Until that time, I'm glad there's Conflict Kitchen - looking forward to this and other iterations of the concept. We are fans!Will definitely be back
5	We had Persian food (I had the pomegranate and walnut chicken with rice and pickled veggies) and it was excellent. I loved the flavor and consistency of the chicken , the pickled veggies with bread was very flavorful and tasty, and I loved the vinegar and mint drink very unique and tasty. The staff were very friendly and down to earth and you could tell they made a diligent effort to learn about the food and the culture. I also had the saffron ice cream which was also very good. The setting is also very beautiful as it is right in Schenley Park with views of the Cathedral of Learning. In summary, quick service, excellent food, friendly, knowledgeable and diligent staff, interesting concept, and beautiful setting equals 5 star rating.
5	Every single thing about this place is fantastic from its greater goals of educating people about countries in conflict with the US, to what I go for - the food. It's always good. Always. The roast pork they had when Cuba was the featured country is something I still annoyingly mention when I pass Schenley Plaza. The kebab and halva I enjoyed today off their Iranian menu infused my day with happiness. The people are friendly and they're always doing interesting events. A+ Pittsburgh find.
4	Hello Conflict Kitchen how nice to meet you.... I had no idea you were located in Schenley plaza.  I am just in the area for a little music and after the 8$ Gyro I wasted my money on at the arts fest I am looking for a date with a new sandwich. Kubideh? you say hmm ground beef, with herbs sauce and lettuce on a tastey fluffy flatbread? I am not a beef eater and I loved it for 6$ it hit the spot and I could still feel the weight of my wallet in my purse. Yummt Iranian inspired at this time but I hear the cuisine affair rotates, veggie and non veggie options to please the book bag toting masses. I will definitely be back this was just the pleasant surprise I needed. Oakland is full of surprises like that.
4	Great food, location and concept although portion was a bit small. There's no question I'll be back.
3	The first time I went it was like how mom used I make. I have a Cuban family and I was really incredibly impressed since it was the closest thing I had since home cooking in a long while. I loved it so much I HAD to go again. The next week in fact. In that week it was like night and day. The portions and the containers had changed and the food was just salty instead of complex. It was from five stars to two so I'm splitting the difference on the lower end because there is nothing worse then looking so forward to something and then being disappointed by a complete lack of consistency. I will probably go back but with a heart ready to be broken.
4	Currently serving Cuban dishes. We sampled from the Yuca con Mojo, the Congri (black beans & rice), the yuca chips with mojo sauce and the Cuban salad. Love the concept of featuring countries the US is in conflict with; food can always bring us closer,no? The Yuca main dish was so tasty. The chips with the hot sauce were yummy. A definite not to be missed. The next installation will feature Korean cuisine.
4	After hearing about Conflict Kitchen from family, it was about time I made it there this weekend.  Clearly I timed it just right because they have switched to Cuban food, which I don't know all that much about it except that I like it and the food at Conflict Kitchen was no exception.  We treated it as more of a snack and bought one of each of the veggie items along with some not too sweet lemonade like drinks.   All very good. Even better, the new location allows you to make the drive into town, if you are not already there, and pair your visit with a lot of other cool options.  How about the Tower of Learning international rooms like we visited on this trip?  Perhaps you are in the mood for one of the museums or the library all within walking distance or just take a stroll on Pitt's or CMU's campus. I look forward to going back soon.
5	The concept alone behind this place is great: enjoy a meal from a place the nation is in conflict with, and at the same time learn a little about that place, i.e. its culture and why we're in conflict with it. But concepts alone don't make a place wonderful.That said, I've been a fan of the Conflict Kitchen for years, but I have to say I am so glad they moved from their original location. Once upon a time when I wanted to eat here, I had to catch a bus towards East Liberty, stand as I ate, and wait even longer for the bus that would take me home - often in the cold, too. I didn't mind this experience as an adventurous student, but these days I don't think my first-time experience here would sit well with me.Fortunately for me and all of Pittsburgh, the new location in Oakland is bigger and better - as is the menu; now you can order full meals, not just single items as I once did at their old location. Plus, their hours are less sporadic, the location is easier to access and you can usually find parking somewhere during most of the day (there are exceptions because of class and people working here, admittedly), and best of all, the Conflict Kitchen is no longer cash only, something I admittedly hated about their old stand since I never, ever carry cash.Currently (though this may change soon) the Kitchen's delightful menu items come from Cuba. I have to say, a takeout box of shredded beef, rice and beans, and a salad was about as perfect a meal as I could have asked for. Everything tasted better than I can describe! Plus the weather was gorgeous: I just took my food, sat in the plaza, and enjoyed. Definitely loved finally vising their new location. I hope to be back soon and I cannot wait to see what they do next!
5	The minute I realized that Conflict was a block away during my visit - no way was I leaving without trying something off their menu. By now - all foodie's have heard of Conflict Kitchen - it's like "a thing" that's been mentioned in almost all of the food-related subscriptions I receive. Decent portions, cheap prices, backed with an amazing concept. You just can't go wrong.
2	I live on the other side of town from Conflict Kitchen and have been very eager to try the current Cuban cuisine.  Finally had the opportunity and I'm sorry to report that I was disappointed.  My mother came from Cuba to the U.S. at age 15, and I grew up eating her delicious meals along with some amazing Cuban food in Miami and Atlanta.  Needless to say, the bar has been set very high.  Over the weekend, I went with friends to C.K. and we ordered a huge variety; Picadillo, Ropa Vieja, Shredded Pork, Yuca, Tostones, Maduros, black beans and rice and some guava and cream cheese pastries. One word of advice Conflict Kitchen...never, ever, ever add cinnamon to Picadillo!  It doesn't belong there and it is too overpowering.  Good Picadillo is easy to make ... I can make it!  The raisins, green olives, cumin, garlic, onion and green peppers are all that is needed to season the beef. The shredded beef and pork were decent.  The yuca (kinda like a potato) was perfect, except for the portion size of about 3 tablespoons served over a filler of black beans and rice.  Honestly, we had more meat in our order than yuca!  Someone in a previous post mentioned that the Tostones had the texture of cardboard, but that is kind of typical for tostones.  I thought they were very good - as well as the sweet plantains (Maduros).  Loved the lime/garlic sauce served with the tostones.  The pastries were okay, but kinda dry.  Come to think of it, a lot of the food seemed "dry".  Maybe C.K. should try to use a little more oil.Still searching for Cuban food, as I know it, in Pittsburgh.  Can't seem to be found:(  I give Conflict Kitchen props for the concept and very much enjoyed reading the literature that was handed out.
5	I love the original concept of this take-out stand!My husband read about Conflict Kitchen and insisted we try it during our Pittsburgh visit. I was extremely intrigued, especially when he told me the menu is constantly changing and we may have the chance to try a crazy new ethnic dish. My one disappointment: after nine years living in FL, Cuban food had become a standard dining option in my life. Man! I was hoping for a dish from Syria or Iran - something I would more than likely have no opportunity to try elsewhere. It was bad timing on our part.However, I DO appreciate a quality meal and there was no way we were leaving without trying Conflict Kitchen. I was not disappointed! I ordered the Yuca con Mojo, a Cuban dish I had never tried (score!) and it was GOOD! The dish was very fresh and flavorful. My husband ordered the Picadillo (ground beef with olives, peppers, raisins and tomatoes) and ate every last bite. Good stuff!I can't wait until our next visit to Pittsburgh and (hopefully) a new menu to try at Conflict Kitchen!
4	Conflict Kitchen is such an interesting concept! Though I've lived in Pittsburgh for several years, I just heard of this restaurant for the first time this summer. The icing on the cake? They are currently "Cocina del Conflicto" and serving Cuban food. My grandmother was from Cuba, and since the Cuban cuisine options are very limited here in Pittsburgh, I was very anxious to try this restaurant before they took on their next conflict country.The hubby and I tried the Picadillo, Ropa Vieja, Platanos Maduros, Marquitas de Yuca, and both the Passion Fruit and Hibiscus flavored Aguas Frescas. The Picadillo was tasty but not quite as rich and flavorful as how my family or I make it. However, it was a good representation of what the dish is, even if I believe that I can make it a lot better. My husband's Ropa Vieja was really good, and he quickly ate the small portion. The Platanos Maduros were a bit plain and lacking in sweetness; however, this may have been due to the seasonality or ripeness of the plantains used in the dish. I enjoyed the Yuca chips quite a bit, and they were very light and crispy. Finally, the Aguas Frescas were flavorful and worth the $2 price tag.Overall, though I was a bit underwhelmed by the picadillo and plantanos (my two favorite Cuban dishes), I had a great experience and would come back. The website says that they will be cooking up food based on conflicts in North/South Korea and Palestine/Israel in the future. I'm already looking forward to it!
4	The wife and I went for lunch here one day after church. We were very excited because we love cuban food and the fact my wife is part cuban adds to our love for the food. I feel that Conflict Kitchen did a fairly good rendition of many of the Cuban dishes we tried . They have a few entrees and sides choices which we ordered a few of each. Two meals and two side cost us about $23 which isn't bad and was plenty of food. Even though my wife's picadillo is better than that of Conflict Kitchen I give the restaurant two thumbs up. Also the fact that they change the food based on countries under conflict is pretty unique. If they stay true to the foods of other ethnic groups as they have Cuba it will be worth it to visit here whenever they switch countries and then some.
4	Definitely have great prices and the food was rather tasty. The only thing I wish is that they had a few more items on the menu. Overall I enjoyed the food. The cuisine was Cuban
4	Just tried their sweet guava and cream cheese empanada today. It was great, they were still making them when I ordered, so I got a nice hot one after waiting a few minutes. It was very sweet - the entire outside was coated in granulated sugar, the inside had a gooey filling. I'll definitely get it again and I still need to try out their real meals instead of just their desserts.
5	Super delicious and super fast. I think I waited for less than a minute for my food which could of been a bad thing but when I opened the box all worries were gone. I got the ropa vieja which was shredded pork with a tomato base and it was unbelievably juicy and delicious. It also came with  rice and beans and a side salad which were also perfect. This order was about $7 which isn't bad at all considering the quality. However, if you're looking for quantity, this isn't the right place. Definitely try it out if you're in the neighborhood!
5	Great location. Innovative concept. I love it. I'd heard of the Conflict Kitchen a while ago but just finally made a trip out to try it. I went with my grandfather and fiance and we each got something different so we could try a little bit of everything. The price was right, and we all loved everything we tried from the North Korean menu. I still have no clue how to pronounce anything we ordered, but I could honestly eat that every day! The menu options were just across the line enough to reveal a different culture's tastes, but not so far that only insane food adventurers could eat it. My only complaint is that I waited so long to try the place out - a month before i'm moving to Michigan :(
4	The concept is great, the price is right (roughly similar to what you would paid in the other take out places on the plaza), and the food is often tasty (I may have had one or two bland dishes there) and usually quite good - at least for a take-out: Don't go there expecting fine dining. Tip: the seafood pancakes for the North Korean edition (on-going) are quite nice, although they are not light.
5	Great concept.  This takeout place supports conflict awareness and tries to catalyze conversation about these hostilities.   Conflict Kitchen only serves food (and it's delicious) from countries the US is in conflict with.  Some of the employees try to visit the country or nearby country prior to serving the food, and learn from locals or refugees about the food.  They also interview and have conversations with the people, and they put this information into pamphlets about entertainment, art, customs, etc...Conflict Kitchen has served food from Cuba and now North Korea.  For North Korea, they visited South Korea and had conversations with refugees.  The line does get a bit long during lunch when school is in session.  The pamphlets are challenging to read as it is many quotes, with no paragraphs, summary or transition.  Some pictures, maps, or images would also be nice.All in all--great idea and tasty food.
4	Amazing concept and quality of food. Not good or picky eaters who may not like the cuisine.  bibimbop was great although they skimped on sauce and toppings and added a lot of rice.  Great for small bites
5	Past reviews discuss the concept, so no need for me to.The country I experienced was Afghanistan. I tried the Lamb Tikka Kabab.At first glance it didn't look like there was much food for the price attached to the dish (only 3 lamb cubes, over rice, with a green sauce on the side for $7.50). But, looks can be deceiving.The food tasted great! a good blend between spicy, and flavorful. I finished the meal satisfied.I recommend this place, and am personally excited to try other Afghan dishes, as well as dishes from around the world.
4	Food was great, service was great! However, the portions were extremely small for the price.
4	I had the Afghanistan food. a bit of a line but it was super nice weather. they handed out a cool pamphlet with information on the culture of the cuisine to read while you wait!
5	Love the idea of having rotating cuisines from various countries the US is in conflict with.  I was skeptical at first thinking it must be very challenging for a single staff to perfect so many myriad cuisines but they seem to do an excellent job. I've had both the North Korean and Afghan food so far multiple times and everything was excellent, nicely flavored, well prepared, and inexpensive.  The staff are all very friendly and excited about their cuisine and happy to answer questions.  There is some outdoor seating overlooking Schenley park.  They also include a pamphlet of education material about the country where the food originates.  I don't know much about North Korean or Afghan food personally so I can't say for sure how authentic it is but it seemed like they were making an effort to be as close as possible.
4	Conflict Kitchen is definitely one of the most unique restaurants in PGH.  For those unfamiliar with it, the concept is to serve food from countries with which the US is currently in political conflict.  It's run by students from CMU, who are happy to educate customers about the culture in addition to the food.When a friend asked me a few months ago if I'd like to try it out, I jumped at the opportunity to do so, since I'd heard so many interesting things about it.  Never having sampled Iranian cuisine before, I wasn't sure what to expect.  Since I don't eat lamb (it's too close in flavor and texture to beef for me, which I also don't eat), I went with the qorma-e lubia, the one vegetarian option on the menu.  As a non-vegetarian, I'm often inherently skeptical of vegetarian dishes (I'm not a fan of tofu, generally), but it was surprisingly good!  I found it to be well-seasoned and savory, with a nice mixture of textures.  I also ordered the sharbat-e rayhan (lemon rosewater drink with basil seeds), and it was also surprisingly good.  If you like your drinks on the sweeter side, I'd definitely recommend giving it a try!  My friend ordered the kabuli palow (lamb w/ rice), and told me that she greatly enjoyed it, as well.Since it was a nice day, we ate at one of the tables right across from the stand, which provided a great view of Cathedral of Learning and students tanning in Schenley Plaza.  I look forward to returning to sample interesting food from other cuisines with which I'm unfamiliar.  4.5 stars.
5	A lot of  yelpers already discussed the concept of conflict kitchen so I will keep mine brief- the idea is that they only serve food from countries in which the us is in conflict with. Each time they change their featured country they have educational sessions and performances as well. The country I experienced was Venezuela. I ordered the tequenos with their house made fresh avocado salsa- oh my godd. Incredible. The order came with three and it cost me $3.50. They were basically cheese sticks wrapped in a crisp pastry - they are fluffy and filled with delicious melted cheese. The fresh avocado salsa went so well with the tequenos- they complimented each other wonderfully. I can't wait to return while they still feature the Venezuelan cuisine and try their other amazing meals- the twice fried plantains with their avocado salsa sounded epic, as did their featured deserts. The only downfall to conflict kitchen is it's take out only- although, it is located in scheleny plaza, so there are plenty of small tables as well as a grassy area to picnic :)
4	Last time I went they had Afghani food and it was very good. This time they had Venezuelan food. Had the cocoanut  goat with a sweet plantain mash and meat. It was very good. My friend had the pulled beef with plantains, beans and rice also very good. I like this place since they change it up and it's a perfect lunch portion for a descent price. Always good place to go after a nice walk or run in the park.
4	Concept: Brilliant. Execution: Well Done.Is your nation at odds with the US? Conflict Kitchen will probably serve your ethnic food soon. I have had Cuban and Venezuelan. I have missed Afghan, Syrian, and much more. The food preparation is excellently researched. The result is delicious and priced for the college student. Since they moved to Schenley Plaza, there is always a line, but it moves rather swiftly. Conflict Kitchen is take-out only with plenty of seating options nearby. If you find yourself near Pitt/CMU and you're hungry and curious...
5	Food-wise, Conflict Kitchen is a solid 4/5.  However, add in the concept that the restaurant periodically completely reinvents itself to a new nationality under "conflict" and you have hit that garners national attention for good reason.Most recently, Conflict has ventured from Cuba to Afghanistan to Venezuela, each menu comprised of small bites, entrees, sides and local drinks.  On this most recent occasion, my wife and I visited the Venezuelan setup to satisfy my craving for arepas and her obsession with empanadas...  needless to say, we were pleased.My arepa was a welcome change from the typical hot cheesy deliciousness I usually crave.  Served cold with a chicken and avocado salad, this thing was a spot on bite for the blistering summer heat.My wife's empanada, while divergent from all those we've have before, was delicious as well.  A much thicker dough and different consistency gave it a chewy kind of consistency that almost reminded me of a cross between an empanada and a tamale.Overall, I can't think of a better addition to the cultural, age and political infusion that is Oakland.  It brings great awareness to the countries it represents (they conduct interviews and provide free pamphlets that highlight that region's stories, views of America, etc.) and it breaks that madhouse of Mexican, Asian and Indian establishments that litter the area.Keep it up!
4	I think the previous reviewers did a great job with explaining the overall concept of the place, so I'll skip that part. The food was just okay and portions kind of small, but the unique concept compensated for all that. I had the pleasure of trying Venezuelan options offered at the time, which I was not very impressed with. However, the purpose of Conflict Kitchen is to educate and raise awareness, and I think they did a wonderful job with that. Service is incredible with super friendly staff. I highly recommend for the overall experience, not necessarily for the quality of food.
2	I give this place two stars. One star per piece of hair I found in my gross goat coconut dish.
5	Conflict Kitchen is impressive and not only for the politics! They make honestly good, authentic food that somehow translates well with a summer day out with friends on the adjacent lawn or the park. Where else in Pittsburgh can you grab a spicy Afghan stew on a summer afternoon right before a free concert? Or a couple orders of Venezuelan arepas and peach juice for a road trip? Great concept and food.
4	Absolutely love the concept and the food here. Recently went to try their Palestinian food--the fattoush was excellent. Always have plenty of vegetarian options. People who work here are knowledgeable and love to talk when it's less crowded. Favorite place to eat in Oakland
5	Such a great idea for an on the go restaurant. Its a great way to introduce ethnic food to the park. WIth the change in menus there is always something offered that anyone could find enjoyable. I was originally turned off by the idea of a restaurant in the park, but I have never had an issue with any of my meals here. For a reasonable price its a great substitute to going downtown- with the atmosphere of the park!
4	The concept behind Conflict Kitchen is really interesting. Other reviews go into it, so I won't. The week I went, they were serving Palestinian food; I got the musakhan (toasted flatbread topped with roasted chicken, caramelized onion, sumac and toasted pine nuts), and my friend got the chicken shawarma. + Huge fan of the kitchen concept, rotating menu, and design of the stand. We each got these large wrapper papers that taught us about the culture of Palestine, and they were very thoughtfully done!+ Both dishes were delicious and came out quickly! Very rich flavors.- Portions were smaller than I expected, and I definitely wasn't filled up by the musakhan I got for $7.50. My friend's shawarma was more substantial, but also smaller than I've seen.- Service was nice enough, but my friend ordered a bottle of water and they forgot to give it to him (even after he paid).+/- It is a takeout restaurant, so outside seating is lovely on a warm day... unfortunately, it was cold when we went, so we ducked into the student union to actually eat. There were a lot of dishes that I would have loved to try on the menu. I would only go once in a while though, since the prices were a little high for me. I look forward to the menus coming up though!
5	great food, best falafel sandwich in pittsburgh! a great concept
5	Amazing concept, amazing food and amazing staff! This place is so unique and in my opinion is one of those places you HAVE to go when in Pittsburgh!
