5	We heart this PT's Location! We love the staff here, they are the Bomb Diggity! Every month they have different specials so it's not the same ol menu. The PT's happy hour is awesome, 50% off all drinks and pizzas.It's one of the newer PT's that I've been to. It's not a busy street, and the only time I've seen it super busy, to where you have no place to sit, is after the Bishop Gorman games. The only difference about this location, besides our awesome server ;), is if you're used to going to PT's and their other locations, they do not have an enclosed area for dining only, like at the other PT's. Doesn't bother us, might bother you.Thank You and Good Night :)
4	I give it 4 starts for service and 3 stars for food.I ordered the Popcorn Chicken Pizza. The popcorn chicken was dry and hard, but the pizza was decent. The pizza itself is a thin crust pizza and the sauce is a tad bit spicy so beware! The bf decided to go with his usual, the Chicken Philly Sandwich. I had one bite of his sandwich and it was delicious! The chicken was tender and flavorful and there was lots of it. He also had the sweet potato fries with his meal and I do believe that these are the best sweet potato fries that I've had....which I've had them about 3 times in my life so I'm not a huge connoisseur of sweet potato fries. The place was quiet for a Saturday night, but that was fine by me. Overall, it is a place I will be coming back to for some eats and fun.
3	Sorry PT's......I've been back multiple times since my first review and let me just say that it has been lacking in service since then. I came here for lunch today and it wasn't very busy at all. It took them about 25 minutes to get us our nachos. I asked for our check once we got our nachos which took about another 10 minutes. I like the food, but the service needs a lil help.
4	Stopped by this place during a Gorman Football game, which was going on down the street.  This place was packed to the hilt!  There was literally no room to walk around, let alone find a place to sit.  Luckily, I scored a seat in the rear corner of the bar.I ordered a drink and wanted to try their Double Stacked Sliders.  Wish I could remember what was in the Sliders, but I can't.....let's just say it was a long night.  I can tell you that out of the 3 Sliders, I really liked one of them and didn't care for the other two.  The Fries were OK, not great.Despite the large crowd, the bartenders were on top of their game and the service was really good.  The food was hot and fresh and my glass was never empty....for this, they get 4 Stars.  If it was purely on the food, it would get 3 Stars.Will I return?  Sure.
4	This is our favorite PT's. Right down the street from our house, Todd the bartender/manager is a fun great guy and we enjoy catching the occasional game there. If you really want a treat, ask them to go off of the menu with the hot wings. I've had them three times. Once was ok, once was pretty good, and once the chef brought his A-game and nearly melted my face off. They were very tasty and hurt so, so very much. And to cool it off, a Guinness Float. Dawesome.
4	Come here to watch those games you wished to have with more excitement and good company...Must try for those wine lovers: glass of Riesling (server recommended it for me)As for the Italian pizza, it was good... It had a somewhat thin crust with tasty marinara sauce, topped off with sausage, pepperoni, and olives if preferred.    As for the layout of the place, this bar had tv's running across the top wall and there was plenty more in different locations, good for everyone to have a good view wherever they may be seating.
4	Went in for the happy hour and im very impressed! the barman knows his stuff and the drinks are about as cheap as ive seen in Vegas. The people at the bar are in good spirits and great conversations can be had with anyone.The only knock on this is that the service wasnt the speediest ive ever witnessed. It took us about 15 minutes to get the check and I was almost late to my next engagement. But that was just a minor flaw in the scheme of things, ill definitely be back!
5	Great bar, friendly atmosphere. The entire staff is Amazing!!
5	I feel at home here!  Todd the Manager makes it a point to know your name.  The food is amazing too!  I recommend the loaded bucket of tater tots or the Gilroy pizza.  David the cook is very friendly and accomodating.  He's an awesome chef and is one of the reasons I come back!  Did I mention half off all drinks from 4pm-7pm?  The best after work happy hour in Vegas!
5	"Great Place To Take a Break From Anything"...Free WiFi, Great Food, Drinks,Games,ect... All in All a Great Place to Relax and Enjoy.......      Happy Hour 4-7pm & 12-4am
5	Great service... way better then the one China town
5	I live right down the street from this PTs and I have to say it is the best one. Maybe it is because everyone knows me since I've been going there for so long, or perhaps it is the cheerful and upbeat attitude of the entire staff. Or maybe it's the awesome food. Not quite sure what it is, but I don't mind dropping $60 in a machine while I'm here. Always feel welcome and helps me unwind.
4	This was the first pub I've ever been to. A number of friends who hang out here a lot invited me late last month for talks and drinks. I was a little ignorant about their menu (portion-wise, which drinks were best, specials etc.) and didn't know what to get. Thank God for their really nice bartender who gave a helping hand and suggested I try the strawberry shortcake drink. It was fantastic, not too strong, not too sweet, just hits the spot! Our little group also ordered some hot wings. Now, I'm not usually a fan of anything spicy but I managed to take on 3 legs and wanted more! The food here's great. They had pool tables, couches, a bar, music and television. I'm not really a 'bar' kinda girl but depending on who I'm going with in the future, I might decide to drop by to unwind at the end of the night.
4	people are nice unless the bartenders friends are there then you can pray for a drink
1	Oh goodness, I don't like writing reviews like this but I think someone needs to balance the 4 and 5 star reviews for this place.  Ok, so we don't go to gaming restaurants that often, maybe 2 times a month, but we have been to a couple so we have an idea of what they look like, how they run and what to expect. Let's talk about the food first.  It was trying to be a "nicer" restaurant than most bars, I could tell with my $12 bbq chicken salad.  It was literally half a small plate of mixed greens with some limp gross red onions, a chicken breast on top and then half a plate of tortilla chips.  Why would you put half a plate of tortilla chips on a salad plate?  Plus, there is nothing for the chips to do, no dip of any sort, so I asked for a side of guac and was charged for it.  Theme of the night.The boy ordered a chicken sandwich, and oddly enough they put two whole chicken breasts on the one sandwich.  Not cut up either, just two giant slabs of overcooked, underseasoned dry chicken.  He took one home and I used it for dinner tonight, so I guess it's not a total loss, but it definitely was a bit dried and boring.  So the food was way below mediocre, and kind of odd at the same time.  The "cook" was out in the bar flirting with the bar tender, there were only about 3 people in the giant restaurant at about 7:30 on a Sunday night, should have been a clue.  Now to the part I feel a bit odd talking about, but our waitress, at the end of the night, told us it was "company policy" to only give away one free drink for "every $20 played."   I put in $10 and the boy put in $20.  Because I actually won money, I never put in more, so I had to pay for all my drinks.  The boy lost some money, but only got one beer free.  This seems kind of ridiculous, the only reason I go to these places is because I get entertainment and a free drink, clearly the food isn't a draw.  If I knew I was going to be paying for all my drinks I would go to somewhere I knew had good food and charged less.   Quite frankly if this is how every PT place operates, I won't go to another one.  I understand having to operate a business and make money, but when 90 percent of gaming places let you drink for free, why would i go to some place that charges me for everything.  I also felt it a bit odd that the server didn't say anything until right when we got our check and then she seemed super apologetic about it.  Needless to say we won't go to this or any other PT place again.  The Lodge has better food and gives away free drinks no matter if you win or lose.  If you don't care about food, service or value, then by all means, give it a try!
4	I came here with a few friends from work to do our fantasy football league. This side of town is still brand new so the bar is spotless. We sat in the back near the big screen tvs and had the whole area to ourselves. From 4-7pm, with a PT's card, all alcohol and pizzas are half off. We got 2 BBQ chicken, one Italian style, and one Popcorn chicken pizza to nosh on while picking. Many drinks later, a bucket of wings, and a few more items and our bill came out to a very reasonable price. When it comes to hanging out with the guys, the damage can be massive. Luckily, HH helps alleviate some of the burden.
5	This place is awesome!!!  Ashley is great and thank God Todd the manager is back. I love both of them. :)  service is great, food is great, and they have the coldest beer in the valley!  Best service ever. Before your beer is done you have another one in front of you!! Much better then the ft apache one!!!
5	Todd & Ashley rock ! Best service & food in the Southwest.Awesome late night vibe.
3	This is the big gambler's PT's.  Lots of big spenders go here.  Problem is with PT's points system.  You have to be a big gambler to benefit... and I'm not.  Food is always decent at PT's but they gyp you on the keno payouts and again, the points aren't generous either.  It feels like the little gamblers are funding the perks for the bigger ones...
5	Hands down my favorite PT's location! Their happy hour (although they've been making it shorter) is great! Half off beer and their pizzas. Our favorite is the Gilroy and we usually add pineapple and bacon. Phil and Marco are awesome!
4	I always love PT's. Nothing beats bar food. EVER. They have good ranch, which is definitely a must for any place that wants to bring me back.
3	The bartender Todd is what makes this PTs. He and the spicy chicken pizza are the reason my husband and I go! The waitresses are all rude and awful, but Todd makes up for it!
3	Todd, the Bartender is amazing.  He remembers my order and provides for a great experience every time.  The waitresses are rude otherwise.  If you eat the wings or pizza make sure you got an easy out to a bathroom within 30 mins of eating because the spices kick it up a notch.  Love the fact thaf they got Stone IPA on draft, but wish they had a bigger kraft beer selection.  This place is never crowded..
1	Horrible food, I always go to Sierra gold on jones and 215 and they never let me down. They have the same exact menu. Horrible service, Scott the grave bartender won't even step out of his bar area to refill our waters. We're literally sitting next to the bar at the tables! Just bad overall!
5	Whenever we throw a party we like to get a few buckets of wings from here. There are a ton of flavors to choose from and everyone I have tried is very good. The service is always prompt an I get taken care of. For those that like to hang out it has a great vibe and fun atmosphere.
4	Came here to use our bogo entree coupon which you can get from time to time for signing up for their mobile program. (Free)  Had the spinach dip app. and it was really good....comes with a mix of chips and toasted bread, the dip itself has a cheesy top layer and spinach cheese gooey mix beneath. ($9.99)  Had the club wrap ($9.99) which is a healthy portion of ham turkey and bacon.  It comes with fries which are pretty tasty too.  Todd the bartender does a great job making sure everything is taken care of in terms of drinks.
1	Well the truth is one bad apple can often ruin a whole barrel.  I generally enjoy most of the staff at my local watering hole. However,  one crappy bartender has decided my currency isn't as good as other patrons. Said bartender has soured my attitude about going there just on the chance that ****** is working behind the bar. The worst part of it all is everyone else that works there is awesome.  I don't like your poor attitude,  your weak drinks, and your service sucks. Thank you so much for being so incredibly rude to me and my friends and family you lost my buisness.  I don't come there to order your crummy attitude.
5	Great customer service. Food and drinks come out quick and the happy hour is amazing! 5-7pm and 12-2am. Had the cheapest dinner today for 2.
5	Food and service here is consistent! Great staff and comps are reasonable and justified. Mornings are quiet and nights are just busy enough. They need more going on in the dining area and the more games on the game kings.
5	The best bar in Las Vegas! The bartenders Tino and Ashley are the BEST! They are so professional! They wait on all the customers quickly. The beer is cold and the drinks are perfectly made. The thin crust pizza is delicious. All the food is great! Pool tables in the back for a fun time. The bar has lots of machines for those that want to gamble. Big screen tv's everywhere to watch all the games. We love this bar!
