5	Having a toddler makes you scope out the parks here in Vegas. Boy, am I glad we found this one!Close to Gibson and 215, this park is easy to get to, with a small parking lot and street parking available. We went both Sat and Sun and had no problem finding one.It's sectioned off, with a playground for the older kids and a separate one for the smaller toddlers. Then, there's a variety of water sprouts, fountains, even a small wading area. The cool thing is that the kids can turn these waters on themselves! They can splash around by a sprout squirting in all directions, run through a spray of water, and even have water hoses the kids can turn in different directions. I've been to numerous parks where there's water during the summer, but this park has the most interactive. For all ages.There's tables and benches for birthday parties, even a basketball court for older kids further back, it's very clean, and the playgrounds are shaded. We'll be back next weekend!
3	Pros: It's big, new and has a huge splash pad and grass field.  It is well taken care of and a great addition to the Henderson area.Cons: Although it has equipment made for the two different age categories of it is a little tough for the little ones to really enjoy.  The equipments comes with instructions and the swings are not really covered so it makes it very hot to really enjoy in the summer.I do want to go back and take my older son there I think he would enjoy it but my two younger ones were ready to leave after 15 min.
5	Great, new park!  I believe this park is new effective this spring.  We have gone there several times and had a great time each time.  The splash pad is the best I have seen in Henderson.  I really like the "river (which is an inch deep) is great for the kids to play in and nice for parents to stick their feet in while the kids are running around.  The bathrooms have been clean.  My kids are 5 and 9, so this park is great for bigger kids to have a good time.
5	Large, interactive, fun. Took a group ranging between ages 3-50 and i must say that this is the best park I've been to in Henderson so far. Fun for kids and grown kids as well! It's open and safe... Just an overall great place to beat this desert heat. A beautiful oasis...
4	Love this place.  Have yet to try while the splash-pad was in effect.  But it was unnecessary.My son was 3.5 so he stayed mainly on the toddler area and was playing with a girl and boy his age as well as a recent walker.  It was going great until a soccer game got over and the entire team of 7 yr old girls took over the little's equipment.  Needless to say, we all scattered at this point.  But there was plenty to scatter to - Gibson was old enough to play on the climbing "pavilion" as well as the huge swings.  We met up with some of the other toddlers at the "maze" area and they had fun playing red light - green light.   There were also fun stand alone pieces that the kids played on.The big kid equipment looks pretty cool.  I"m looking forward to a not so busy day at the park where Gibson may be able to explore this stuff.  I found the people at the park quite friendly and the experience was nice.
5	LOVE this new park!  Slash pad is the best that we have seen in the area.  Parking lot is very small but there is street parking avaliable. Play area is covered and there is a filed attached where they have kids sports games.
3	I have only been to the dog park portion of this park, so consider that when you read this review.The dog park is hidden away far from the rest of the park, down on Chapata, and while there's no designated parking, you can park on the street.It's one large park where dogs of all sizes mingle, so if you have a dog of either extreme (teeny tiny teacup Chihuahua or behemoth Great Dane) who isn't used to dogs of all sizes, this is not the best choice for you and your pup.  That not being an issue for my furball, we went in.It's a nice park, with a long run of grass, some dirt near the entrance, and covered seating near the entrance.  It's not a very popular park, or at least not from what I gather as the few times I've been there's only been a handful of dogs and people.  Oh yeah, the lighting is plentiful, so no worries on heading over there when dark has set.  All in all, a pleasant run for the furball.
5	What a gem in the desert! Located just off stephanie & paseo verde, this park has something for everyone. Theres a huge field for playing sports, trails to walk, a dogpark, skatepark, basketball courts (well-lit too), picnic tables,  and of course, the de rigateur playground. The playground has several sections. Theres the splash park, which i cant review because its closed for the winter. Then theres the swing area , with swings for big and little kids. Like most henderson parks, the swings arent covered, but you get used to this here. Theres a large rock/cave with climbing footholds, and then there are the two main playgrounds.Both are filled with interesting, non-traditional playground equipment. Your kids will get a good workout (and lets face it, we all want that so that theyll SLEEP, right?!?). The little guys area has a slide and climbing apparatus. My two year old LOVES it. Kids younger than two probably wouldnt find it as fun as itd be too challenging. The older kids area is beyond description. There are spinners galore and lots of really cool stuff to climb on and pretend youre spiderman. Its so cool, Ive actually spotted teenagers playing here!Its also rarely crowded, theres a bathroom, its well lit, and has a gorgeous view of the cityline. Parking is sparse but since its rarely crowded, this is pretty much a non-issue. Five stars.
5	Great park in Henderson!  First discovered this park when my son had soccer practice here last fall.  They have a really nice playground with a great water play/splash pad area.  The playground has a several areas for different age groups and is mostly covered which is nice in the summer.  There is a basketball court that has lower hoops for the younger kids.  We have also brought our dog to the dog park a quite a few times.  The dog park is not to crowded and all the dogs and owners have been very friendly.  One of the best dog parks I have been to.  The view from the park is beautiful, great place to lay in the grass and watch the sunset.
4	Another epic Henderson park!  This one seems like such a great one for kids.  Very cool playground and splash pad and a well-maintained grassy field. The park is kind of tucked away but there are beautiful views of the city in the distance.  There's a dog park but haven't brought my pup there yet.  Nice walking trails and fair amount of parking.  I can't express enough how much I love the Henderson parks!
5	This park is awesome! I bring my daughter and run my dog daily.
5	Awesome park!! Big kids, little kids they ALL love this park!!
5	Very nice clean park, the kids playground is modern, safe and fun for all ages. There is a good trail to do jogging and walking on. The dog park has a decent size field, is not crowded and is adjacent to the rest of the park.
5	Such a beautiful park! My daughter enjoyed herself. There is also a great trail and a dog park. I am so happy I discovered it! I definitely will be bringing her back.
4	Has a really big splash bad, biggest I've seen all over town. Splash pad does not function till May 31.Park is clean but the bathroom stalls have no door. The basketball court is kid sized. The parking lot is tiny.
5	Can't imagine why this park isn't five stars. This place is ridiculous! There's all sorts of structures for the kids to play with. The splash pads are so much fun and is a life saver when it's death hot. There's shade covers over all the play structures and bathrooms right next to them. Seriously, you can't get much better this!
5	This park is recommended for kids from 2  to 5 years of age. Everything is pretty much set for this age range. My son, who is 19 months, loved it!!!
4	The park is very clean and great for families.  It had a splash pad, playground and picnic grounds as well.  The only challenge is parking especially if there is a soccer tournament on.  Otherwise, great place to take kids.
3	I have been to this park twice and every time I come here there are people breaking the rules, which I find it to be very rude and upsetting. The first time I was here there was a large group with an unleashed pit bull playing in the water feature with all the kids. The dog was everywhere and although the dog didn't seen mean I don't want my son around a strange dog. It did get close to my baby when his grandpa was playing with him and licked him in the face which really made me mad. Plus, it's against park rules so I don't know why people don't listen. Ugh!The second time I was there bigger kids were kicking around a soccer ball in the splash pad, if my husband wasn't bending down to put sunblock on my baby, the ball would of hit my son right in his face. Thankfully it only hit my husband in the back. Lol. I told the kids not to be throwing the ball on the water feature since there were a lot of little ones playing around, they listened which I'm thankful for since I was ready to pop the ball if it got close to my baby again. I really want to like this park. The water feature is very nice and big. If it wasn't for the rude selfish people this park would be perfect. I'm planning on throwing my baby's birthday party here, just because I like the giant splash pad, I hope it goes well. I'm planning on having the party when it's not so busy so hopefully no rude people. I'll update after the party. That will decide if I hate this park or love it. Hopefully I love it! *fingers crossed
5	Great park, good condition, nice large and unique splash pad and kids play areas.  Shade, open space, basketball courts and lots of grassy areas.  Limited parking for groups.
5	This area is a perfect example of City of Henderson Department of Parks & Recreation getting things right. There is a huge dog park with lots of green grass surrounded by a dog run, as well as a shaded bench and a picnic table to sit at. Dogs and humans are friendly and well-behaved for the most part. Saturday evenings tend to be the most popular time, and workday mornings are the least popular. They do not separate large dogs from small dogs. There are always plenty of poop bags and the poop can is never overflowing. There are walking trails, a large sports field with a fence for baseball. In the summer, soccer teams use the field for practice all afternoon. There are several basketball courts. They have outdoor gym equipment that seems brand new and in fantastic condition. Around the walking trails they have signs posted with QR codes you can scan that tell you different workouts to do at different parts of the trail. There are covered picnic areas and a covered playground with a splash pad, which is nice because then it is usable pretty much year round. They are doing construction on Chapata right now so parking is limited (especially when it is time for parents to pick their kids up from soccer practice), but you can park on the other side of the park and walk over as well. There is a sign saying that the playing fields and dog park are temporary features as they plan to build a school there, but I don't know when that will happen. Enjoy this while you can!Edit: just yesterday there was a huge roll of trash bags at the dog park and now they are completely gone. I'm pretty sure someone stole them. This is why we can't have nice things.Edit #2: some Good Samaritan brought a bunch of grocery bags and left them here. Faith in humanity restored!
5	Love this park.First of all, they have a really cool splash pad, which includes this trough-like feature with about 2" running water in it. This is great because a) the water gets a little warmer while cycling through in the sun, unlike most splash pads where the water is freezing and b) really little kids can still enjoy playing in the water, even when they're too scared of the spraying jets. Big playground with a little kids area and a big kids area, offering some very unique play structures.Huge grassy field.Easy to get to because it's right off 215, but it's still kinda far from my house.
