4	How many Muses are there in Greek mythology?This was the question on the Specials board at Court House Cafe.I threw caution into the wind and went muffins up today, deciding to forego any restaurant I've already eaten and and opting to CHC. There special today was meatloaf with mashed potatoes, brown gravy and a roll. As I was waiting for my to-go order, I took in the ambiance: plastic cacti in a potting mixture to make it look like you were in the desert--inside. Okay, so not my scene. Also while I was waiting, I was offered a complimentary cookie, which I declined. A moment later, I was offered a complimentary beverage, but already had my water bottle topped off and waiting for me, so I declined. Super nice staff, they have.The meatloaf was nicely flavored and moist, the potatoes were great and the gravy tied everything together nicely. The roll I could do without, so when I ate a little over half and resigned myself to give up the task, I wasn't too disappointed. I mean, the rest was good enough to forgive the roll issue.I'll be back to check out their daily specials. And to try my hand at their trivia.9
4	Sometimes I crave a baked potato. Don't need anything fancy, don't need all the fix'ns, no bacon, no chili, not even sour cream. Just a little cheese, chives, and pepper. Maybe some salsa. And I love every bite - the skin is my favorite! As simple as that sounds, it is not always easy to find on a menu, especially in the downtown Phoenix lunch arena. Luckily, I have the Court House Cafe within walking distance when the craving arises. I have been to the cafe several times to eat lunch there or get takeout. Nothing fancy, just a casual sit down place, with good, traditional American cafe/diner food with very friendly service. Sandwiches, wraps, salads, soups, even meatloaf! Located on the third floor, around the corner from the elevators.Most of my experience is with the catering. At work, we have been using the CHC to cater our group events for years. They do breakfast and lunch, have a great variety of options, are reasonably priced, have a friendly and efficient staff, and they deliver! So friendly and efficient. They bring everything you need: plates, napkins, utensils, serving spoons, tongs, etc. And come back to pick it all up when we are done. And the cookies for dessert are huge! They are as big as the small plate they give you to put it on. Sometimes that's a good thing, sometimes it's not (depending on your eating habits). Breakfast catering options range from bagels and pastries, to fresh fruit, to breakfast burritos (split into halves, wrapped in foil, labeled with the type of burrito and the ingredients). For lunch catering options they have various wraps (packaged same as burritos), fresh salads (with good, green, romaine), a few pasta options, and much, much more. The veggie wrap with some of their raspberry vinaigrette on the side is one of my favorites. Overall, good food and great service. I recommend checking out the CHC when you're looking for a change of pace from the typical downtown lunch scene, looking to cater a group event, or when you just want a baked potato.
5	Great price and surprisingly very good food!  Great for lunch if you work down town. I have not had their breakfast but hear the breakfast burrito is great as well.
3	I do eat there frequently. I used to love it, but I've noticed the quality of the food seems to be going down lately. Today I ordered a side salad with a scoop of chicken salad. The salad consisted of a handful of wilted lettuce probably about a week old, 2 slices of cucumbers that were almost clear, and a few carrot shreds in a small size styrofoam to-go container. The "scoop" of chicken salad was marginal at best. Regardless, I doused the entire thing in ranch and ate it because I had just paid $6 for it and was hungry. The past few times seems to be going downhill in food quality. I LOVE the people who work there, so would never complain to them, but maybe the owner should take a look at the food the kitchen is serving because some of it is a bit past it's freshness date. I still give it 3 stars and hopefully it will improve. Their breakfast burritos probably are the reason I will keep going back!
