4	Gorgeous facilities, and the spa is apparently one of the best in the USA (according to the magazines). Lots of rooms, a restaurant, golfing, and pools, all right there. Definitely worth a trip.
2	My family and I have been to this property for brunches 3 times now. The first two times we went, it was incredible, and definitely one of our favorites in town.The view is the best. I enjoy Sanctuary's view all day 5 days a week, and as awesome as it is, I think Copperwynd/Alchemy Restaurant might have a better one. It is a small, trendy, dining room with floor to ceiling windows that can be rolled up to make the entire dining room open to the elements. It is located off the lobby, but has a very cozy entry way which seperates it just enough to make you feel as though you aren't in a resort.Our first visit back in 2006 was a champagne brunch that featured one of the best seafood selections we had seen at a brunch. Coming from my family, that's saying a lot, as they do brunches all the damn time. The food was incredible that day with perfect service. The second visit was much the same. This time though...One salad looked as though they opened a bag of Redi-Mix and dumped it in a bowl. The quality of their seafood display is now down to shrimp cocktail, smoked oysters/salmon, and crab legs. The actual fish quality is decent, and just decent. Service on this visit was really hit and miss as well. The executive chef came out and talked to every table, and the bussers were spot on with drink service and clearing plates/folding napkins when you went for another food run. On the flip side of that, our waitress had us waiting for new silverware, and bringing my mom the wrong type of hot tea twice. Also, the kid behind the prime rib carving station needs to be taught customer service. He literally stared at me from when I was 10' from the station up until I got there. I waited for him to greet me and it never happened so finally I started putting horseradish on my plate hoping he would get the point and he started carving meat. Not a big deal, but it was just a lot of little stuff that piled up. Perhaps the biggest thing is they have done away with the champagne, and didn't lower the price of the buffet. I'm fine with the service, food, and having to pay for my champagne if you don't charge me $54 per person for the buffet. Wrigley Mansion has their buffet priced at $62 with a MUCH more elaborate selection, live music, champagne, and a staff that is as close to perfect as it gets. Sorry Copperwynd, but if you guys are trying to scale back, you're doing it in the wrong place... quality is not a place to skimp!
4	Why oh why did you close down the resort operations. My stay there in March 2009 was great. Nice room, great view and the premises are very nice. You want wanna reconsider are the restaurant prices and add better lounge chairs at the pools.
4	Nice hidden gem located in Fountain Valley.  Wonderful views.  Stay onsite and enjoy the spacious, secluded, and private recreational and spa areas.  It is a bit far for shopping, but isn't that what a getaway is for?!
1	This is a review for the Spa.  After having been a Gold Member for 8 months and receiving top notch spa treatments (massage) from one excellent masseuse who is no longer employed there, I had two not so good experiences.  The last massage left me with a bruise (I am 46 yrs old and in good physical shape) and when I spoke with the manager the response was much less than satisfactory.  I elected to discontinue my membership and was told that no refund would be issued for unused treatments that I had already payed for.  This is astonishing given the circumstances!  I have a bruise and am unhappy with the service and their response was to hang up on me!   No apology and no refund... Bad decision.   I thought I was going there to feel better.... I will not return to Copperwynd Spa, resort of Restaurant and will not recommend this place to anyone in the future.
5	We hosted our wedding at the CopperWynd for 60 guests and it was amazing.  During the entire planning process the staff (specifically Lynn) was amazing.  She made wonderful suggestions to make the weekend a success.  The vendors I used for flowers and music found working with the CopperWynd very easy and thought they were highly professional.  The serving staff was wonderful and ensured that all our guests had what they needed.  Many of our guests stayed the weekend and found the resort a wonderful destination with a great food, attentive staff and outstanding food.  A wonderful location for a wedding or just dinner.
5	Owning my own business can sometimes cause me to be a businesses' worst critic because I usually can find more than one area that needs improvement. But its always corrective criticism because I want them to succeed. From the first time I came in contact with the personnel of Copperwynd to the when I handed them my room keys to check out was nothing short of realizing this is a place that knows how to deliver 'world class customer service" ..I had never traveled to Arizona before but I had done enough research to know what I wanted to see and do. What I found to be the case for many resorts were the relentless 'Fees". The resort fees of $25-30 day. Parking fees ($20-30 day) self parking my car for $20 is hard for anyone to tell me the advantages. There are none except less scratches on my car. My daughter was looking at Trip Advisor" reviews and came across this one. I went on probably 50 websites and something about Copperwynd Resort kept me coming back. Maybe it was the fact that it was a small boutique resort with the amenities of a large spa without the "fees" or all the positive reviews.I had called prior to making a reservation to inquire the proximity to the different points of interest such as golf, Grand Canyon, Sedona. We were on a very tight time budget and wanted to get the most of our trip and needed a honest opinion on whether or not the resort would fit our vacation needs, My daughter called and I called and each time we got Jamie, He was informative and told me what others have done while on vacation while staying at our resort. At no time did he ever make us feel like we were asking stupid questions.I noticed they had a great AAA deal for $109/night. No resort or parking fees!!. I went ahead and booked based on reviews, price and great golf courses , nearby towns and amenities galore at the resort. When I received my room confirmation, I noticed the total was much higher. I sent a email and asked what the resort tax and state fees were. The clerk quickly responded and noticed that during my stay, the daily rate did go up one of the days but it was no problem and they automatically made the adjustment to give me the $109/nightly for all nights. No questions asked. I thought that was wonderful for them to extend it. They could have easily waited to see if I would ask for the lower rate. So that right there started my experience on a positive note.Then a few days before the trip, I received a "we are excited that you chose our resort and are looking forward to you staying with us" email. send us your itinerary and let us know if they can help plan any of our spa, dinner or outside activities. Ok another great experience. No resort has ever done that to me.Our plane and rental car took longer than expected but the desk was already aware we would be a late arrival. No problem at all. Jamie was there to greet us at midnight. This resort is in a upscale residential area. The grounds are kept immaculate . The lighting is just right to catch the southwestern look. Jamie Gave us a folder with all the resort info, showed us where everything is and when open and sent us on our way because he knew we were exhausted. But extended their assistance if we needed it. Check in was fast and easy.Our room was nicely appointed with plenty of luxury towels, robes and toiletries, coffee. So nice to have bottles of water in the room and not get a bill for it  New ones were replenished after each room cleaning. They did an exceptional job of keeping up with our mess. The views from the room are awesome. Didn't sleep in so we could catch the sunset every morning. The fireplace is also a nice plus. Even though SUMMER we left the door open and put it on a few hours. Our room was 212. I don't think I heard one peep from any of our neighbors. This is a very romantic getaway boutique resort. We strolled around to see all the amenities (great size fitness center, two pools with great views and a private hot tub, tennis courts) We did not get a chance to use any because of outside planned activities. Had wished the pool area was at least open a later in the evening just to sit around and relax. I think on the weekend it was closed at around 7 or 8. They have a Barista to serve muffins, coffee, parfaits. We went on Friday morning right at 7 hoping to get breakfast before we left, but they weren't even set up yet, so had to resort to McDonalds. Maybe in season they are ready to serve.Check out was a breeze and Jim was so pleasant and interested about our stay. He just didn't take our keys and thank us. He genuinely cared that we were happy and shared with us about what brought him to Arizona. We will be back. Don't listen to the reviews from people that "no one can please"!
5	I received the gift of massage and facial in May 2013. I have had numerous treatments at various locations around the country. The hot stone massage was a-m-a-z-i-n-g!! The facial left my skin glowing and soft. What a way to spend the day!! Next time I'm planning on lunch and some pool time. I'm not sure where else other reviews have been but the CopperWynd Spa was most certainly elegant. The services and staff are friendly, professional and really good at what they do. Do go and treat yourself right!
5	I recently hosted my wedding reception at the CopperWynd. I will write a separate review for the food from Alchemy (which was great). I worked with Lynn Leas and she was very accommodating in the planning process. We were able to negotiate a great rate for a summer wedding, when the CopperWynd is usually not very busy. Having the reception indoors, instead of on their event lawn, was still a stunning experience.  I grew up here, but moved away, and so this was a semi-destination wedding. Planning from afar worked really well with Lynn who was available via email and over the phone. My only complaint is that it was difficult to get a list of guests staying at the CopperWynd. I got one when I went in person, but for some reason it never came through over email. Lynn was very flexible when we were sorting out seating arrangements and accommodating the handmade elements of the wedding reception. There was a small misunderstanding about wine service during dinner, but the staff quickly addressed it. Their response more than made up for the initial confusion.All my guests mentioned how great the hotel was and how helpful the staff was. They handed out welcome bags to all the guests staying at the hotel and were very accommodating and helpful at all times.  People saw javelinas and bull frogs, making the long drive out to the site worth it. Some guests even extended their stay in Phoenix to be able to stay at the hotel longer! They had the Barista bar open during the wedding, but it was closed during the week because it was summer. The view is simply stunning and really shows off the Sonoran desert to great advantage.  I would have my wedding reception here again in a heartbeat.
5	I have been fortunately coming here for years.  "Quite Blessed indeed".....beautiful pristine property and  wonderful amenities, they have a plethora of services to enjoy, what can I say it is a 5 star resort ... With that said go and enjoy a drink and an amazing View...!!!!
5	Attended a wedding here - absolutely beautiful, the staff was professional and attentive and the food was fantastic (the risotto was excellent!). Perfect place to tie the knot.
