1	Don't be fooled by their 50% coupon. I went in for highlights and walked out paying $72 (after the 50% discount!). When I asked why it was so expensive after the discount was applied I was told it only discounted one service. I was confused since I only got one service (highlights), but was told  hey charge $20 for a blowdry and $10 for a toner. What kind of salon charges an extra $20 for a blow dry? Shouldn't that come standard with all services? My hair only goes a little past my shoulders and everytime I have ever got highlights the most I have paid was $75 at FULL price. I went in thinking I'd end up paying 40 for highlights with my coupon. This place charges way too much for their services. No wonder I was one of 2 women there on a Saturday, when most salons are usually jam packed.
4	I've been going to Julienne's on and off for the past few years for haircuts and pedicures - it's always been terrific and certainly not worse than some other salons I've been to.  It's low-key there, so I feel comfortable there, and they always offer everyone some type of refreshment.  Last weekend I went in for a haircut and was treated wonderfully by both my stylist Kelly and Julienne herself.  Kelly gave me great cut.  Yesterday, Natalie gave me the Brazilian Blowout, and let me tell you, she did an amazing job.  She took her time, was very thorough and made sure I was comfortable the entire time.  My hair came out great and it was delightful to see how excited Natalie was about my hair - you can tell she really cares and wants a great outcome with everything she does.
4	This place is a lot bigger than it appears when you first walk in. I went here for a waxing and was treated great by the esthetician and had an overall good experience. I will go here again.
5	I've been going to Julienne for over 20years for hair.  I was so excited when she opened this full service salon. I live out of state and still come here to get my hair done.  I've had every color and style done and each time Julienne has done an excellent job. I highly recommend Julienne's!
5	I started coming here over 5 yrs...I started as a client of Juliennes' but now I am a client of my daughter Kayla!  All the girls here are awesome!  They did my hair and moms for my wedding and they all attended my wedding!!   I love this place...from nails, to hair, to waxing, to skin care.....come see Kayla....and the salon!
