5	Was referred here by a friend and very happy! Great job on my cleaning and fabulous with my 6 yr old little girl, we'll be back! Thanks
4	Had some re-work that needed to be done and could'nt have been happier with the way things turned out, the prcie to.
5	This office was awesome! I was referred to them through an agency that I work with. I called on a Monday and they got me in on Wednesday. I got there and was greeted by the young lady at the desk with a smile! I filled out all my paperwork and they took me back right away. They stayed right on time. So after having my x-rays and exam, I needed to have a tooth pulled. Instead of rescheduling me to a different day, they did it while I was there. So no second trip back! The procedure didn't take long at all and it was painless. The doctor was great and so were his assistants! I have always disliked the dentist but was very happy with the way I was treated here! They are great and I can't thank them enough for doing such a great job. I will be returning for a cleaning soon and am looking forward to seeing their happy faces!
2	If you can tolerate the very rude unproffessionl receptionist, its not a bad place.
5	I have to say one of the most amazing experiences that i have ever had at a dentist office-Ok... here was the situation, its a Tuesday afternoon and its 4 o'clock and I'm in the Car. Its AZ so it is hot and i break a tooth in 1/2, right there in the car. I mean i am spitting up pieces of teeth. (Moral of that story don't use your teeth as pylers) Totally Gross. Now I'm not sure if you're allowed to do this but I will throw my old dentist under the bus- screw western dental @ stapley and Main - i stop by my dentist for this clearly emergency situation and they tell me come back monday. What !!! Outrageous. Ive got a mouth full pain, face is swelling and you're too busy. SO i ask how about your other locations can you check to see if they can get me in. She hands me a business card with the other locations Phone numbers. Nice huh, don't worry they will get their review next.So I'm at a loss sitting in the parking lot with pieces in hand (outrageous amounts of pain) and I call my boss who is friends/Neighbors with Kelly from the office and not 10 seconds later i was given Southwest Smiles contact infoI Called them up and they said come in, we will fit you in. You See... Kelly took it upon herself to take time out of her day on her night off to help me out.  Ive never met her. She had already called the office and had made them aware of my situation before i even stepped foot in their door. they were waiting for me.The Receptionist was very nice and polite. She got my paperwork done quicklyThe Dental Assistant ALEX i will mention his name specifically because he truly is one of the most talented (nurse/ assistant??) people i have ever met. Extremely Talented. The entire time he was helping me he was training another. She too ( The Trainee) was very nice. I'm sorry but her name has slipped me. but i remember our conversations and one day she will make a great doctor. Both of them were genuine and you could tell they truly love their work and helping others. TO___Dr. Ormeni (hope I'm spelling it right)I'm at a loss for words...A Master of your Talent,  THANK YOU!!!When i came into  the office the sun was up and when i left you locked the door behind me. they were closing and they stayed late that night.. For METhe Damage to my Mouth was a Emergency Root Canal, 1 Temp Crown (ordered) and several chipped teeth. To Southwest Smiles , Thank you You have Earned my Business for LifeJunior M. Mesa AZ
5	I have been going to Southwest smiles for over a year now and they have been great! In the past few months I have had increased dental work done including a new bottom partial to cover 3 teeth and veneers on my top teeth. I couldn't be happier! I now have a perfect smile. There is always a pleasant atmosphere here, the wait is never long, and they are great at  talking through all options and answering any questions.
5	I had a pleasant experience dealing with everyone at Southwest Smiles.  Last night I broke a tooth and my husband and I couldn't see the extent of the break or how much damage there was, but I knew it had to be taken care of right away or it could lead to a root canal with a crown, which is very expensive.With no dental insurance, I decided to come to Yelp once again to see which dentists near me had 4-5 ratings and see the cost to get an evaluation for my broken tooth.  Thankfully it was not a front tooth and in the back somewhat.  Calling pretty much all the dentists with the 4-5 ratings and some of them are charging quite a bit for an initial visit to evaluate my tooth, to the tune of one place I think about $150.  Sorry, that was too much for me.  Southwest said it would be $25 and they had a 1 pm appointment, which worked for me.I asked them which kind of dental discount plans they take, since I have no dental insurance, nor did I have any dental discount plans.  I did go to a dental discount broker in AZ, but they also tack on their fees and I found that Southwest Smiles also takes Avia Dental Discounts.  I made sure of this, and asked what other discount plans they accept.  They said Carington(sp?) and Aetna.  I called them and got quotes.  Aetna was about $75 for an individual and Carington was about $95.  Avia was $96, but the family was $143 or something like that with Carington being nearly $200/yr for the family.  Aetna was by far the least expensive.However, Avia was the only one that once you paid, you can use the service immediately.  There is also the option to pay monthly, but I think if you paid in full for the year, you get 3 months extra free, they waive the $20 application fee, so it was a straight $96 for 15 months.  That worked best for me as I wanted the work done today.  I had to call member services to get my member #, but that's all I needed to take to the dentist.Went to my 1 pm appointment, shared my concerns with Dr. Ormeni about my broken tooth.   He took a look and said he said he had good news for me.  No crown was needed.  He could fill it sort of like a cavity, but it's easier.  He had to file it down or something like that and then fill it.  The filling should last for many years to come.  He did not need to numb me or give me a shot.  It was really easy and fast, less than 15 min, I think.  I think the front office, Erica, that it took longer to get the price quotes from Avia than it took to correct my broken tooth.With the Avia Dental Discount Plan, it was $115.  I guess the evaluation fee was included in this.  Normally without insurance or the dental discount plan, it would have been $200 for this.  So I was very happy this did not need a crown and that it was somewhat affordable for me.I also had questions for Dr. Ormeni regarding a missing crown I had and he ascertained all my questions, but was careful not to badmouth any other dentist, so though he had the opportunity to possibly say something negative about another dentist's poor work, he did not.  Dr. Ormeni was very professional, addressed my concerns well and treated me as a valuable patient.His staff - Erica, Cindy (I think that was what her name was) and the other lady assisting Dr. Ormeni were all very nice.  No issues.I'm still undecided as to what I need to do with my missing crown, but if I don't go back to the original dentist that put that in, I will most likely have Dr. Ormeni do it.The location of this place is also between our children's school and our home, so that is good and convenient.Thank you for such great service and addressing my concerns well and made this affordable for me.
1	If your time is important, go somewhere else. After spending over an hour waiting to be seen it was discovered that both my girl friends consultation notes with the dentist and her x-rays were missing. That required the Doctor to spend  additional wasted time on the evaluation and not the scheduled services that she has been waiting for. Ultimately they only found her x-rays but now she has to schedule another appointment to finish the original suggested services. Stay tuned... Well , her next visit went about as bad as the first. After waiting again for over 30 mins, she is now told that she needs additional cleaning services so the schedule cleaning was again cancelled.    DONE DONE DONE Going somewhere else.
