4	Dear Franchisee,Just thought I would let you know that I almost choked to death driving home today when I took a bite of my Bacon Cheddar Melt. Two dry patties with dry bacon and dry cheese on dry buns ain't gonna go down anyone's throat prettily. Where the hell was the mayo or ketchup or water-laden lettuce and tomato? As is, that there burger is lethal, my friend. Stick with your fabulous (and moist) thickburgers. Please.
1	I've never eaten at Hardee's.I've been to Hardee's twice. Once was waaay back in 2008 or so, when I went in and ordered some chicken tenders. They told me they were out of chicken tenders (?) so I'd have to order something else. Pass. I've been avoiding it ever since.Yesterday, boyfriend and friends wanted Hardee's. I figured it was time to let bygones be bygones, so I went to Hardee's and ordered the three-chicken-tender combo basket with curly fries and a drink. The girl behind the counter was efficient but rushed, which is kind of what I expect from fast food employees, so I'm not really fazed by that. My friends were already seated and served, so I filled my beverage and sat with them. I made sure my number was prominently displayed near the edge of the table, as directed.Boyfriend finishes eating basically as soon as I sit down. This is normal.Friend A finishes his burger about five minutes later. Still no sign of my food.Friend B finishes her meal. By now it's been ten minutes. Hmm.I notice that people who were three spots behind me in line have been served and have FINISHED at this point.I check my receipt. It's been fifteen minutes. My friends need to get back to work. I flag down the next passing employee, who happens to be the manager. I ask him what had happened to my food. Manager disappears, comes back three or so minutes later. Apparently the person who put my tenders in to cook forgot to set a timer (??) and they burned, so rest assured, they were going to make me new ones and they should be ready in another five minutes or so.No.I tell him to cancel my order and give me a refund. He was sincere and apologetic, which I appreciate, but at this point I had been in the restaurant for over a half an hour with no food. I'm patient for the most part, but there was no offer to comp the meal, just.. "Hey, keep waiting and we might feed you in another few minutes. Maybe!" I understand that they may have been understaffed and that it was the lunch rush, but how no one noticed that one order wasn't filled for 15 + minutes just boggles my mind. I took the money from my refund and went next door to Taco Bell, where I was served terrible but tasty food very promptly and with much kindness. I really love the Taco Bell on Neil. It's clean, friendly, and the girl who works the register during lunch is awesome. I even make substitutions and deletions to my order, and they have NEVER gotten it wrong. So, the moral of this story, in short - save your time and money by skipping Hardee's and go next door to Taco Bell.
1	Horrible wait in the drive-thru for food, discourteous staff. Have never had a positive experience at this Hardee's so I can't even rate the food.
1	I just went through the drive through and ordered a hot ham and cheese and a side salad.  I asked for ranch dressing.  The drive through wait was longer than I had expected but not the worst.  I get to the window and I pay for my order and I hear the lady at the window specifically ask the person who handed her the bag if there was ranch dressing in it and a fork and the person told her yes.  She said she was just checking to be sure they were there.  I get back to the office and yes there is a plastic fork but no, there is NOT any dressing.  Clearly the person lied about putting it in the bag.  Sadly, that makes my review even worse because now I am eating a salad with no dressing and quite frankly I don't think it's very good this way!!Aside from not having any dressing the salad itself is warm.  I prefer a crisp cold salad like most people.  However, the ring of onion on it is very hot.  Whew!!  The hot ham and cheese is the same old hot ham and cheese they have been serving for years and I still like it.
4	I wish there was actually a Hardee's in the Chicago city limits, but I survive because of the many other Chicago eateries. Hardee's is one of the places I go to when I head down south from Chicago. The meals are big, but I always like having some leftover for another meal. This Hardee's always has nice staff well whenever I have been there.
1	Restaurant reviewI came and tried to enjoy a meal here for the first time, but was I shocked to find out that all the other reviews were spot on. At dinner there was no one dining in which should have raised a red flag. It was effortless to order because there was no line. From my vantage point I question the cleanliness of this restaurant. There was a large mosquito flying around the lights in the kitchen, the sun room appeared to be flooded with a sign saying closed and a large puddle of water on the floor. This made me nervous with how dirty the restaurant was... Overall the booth's were simply sticky. The food itself wasn't bad, the mushroom and swiss burger was a bit on the salty side. The fries were fresh though. Overall this was my first and last experience with Hardee's. Thank you.Pro: angus thick burger, a step above McD but still not restaurant qualityCons: dirty store (bugs, a room that was flooded...)Hidden gem:1. Coupons in mail for BOGO2. Sign up online for coupon i.e.e free drink/fries with thickburger purchase3. Download the app to earn points toward free food
5	Their chicken tenders are off the hook .  I only drive through and I've found the service to be consistently good.
