5	my girlfriend has been talking about getting bahn mi sandwiches for the past 5 months.  there's been a lot of hype.  a lot.  when lucy wasn't in front of the firehouse lounge over the winter, we almost went to philly for the day just so that i could get one of these vietnamese hoagies for myself.  we read about lucy but didn't see her one time throughout the winter & early spring.that is until last week when we just incidentally saw her while shopping for blue crabs in the strip.and, yes, it totally lived up to the hype.  we let her do her thing and had all of the toppings.  the bread was fresh.  the chicken was tender and perfectly marinated in the vinegar sauce.  the carrots, cilantro,  and jalapenos were a perfect combination.  and, i was happy about the less traditional (apparently) addition of sriracha to add even more spice.  all for $6? thanks, lucy, for saving me five hour drives just to get sandwiches.  you're amazing...and close to home!
4	I go to the Farmer's Market at the Firehouse and saw Lucy setting up her BBQ on the sidewalk.  Someone told me her Bihm mi were expensive but they are not.  MIne including a drink was $6.  The bread was fresh and a baguette which I like- it was topped with seasoned Tofu-fresh veggies,herbs, some hot peppers and a brown secret sauce.  I loved it- was not too messy and for street food was not greasy at all- Lucy has that hard working can do attitude that makes supporting her food stand a pleasure.  Yum and now a street food thumbs up from me.
5	Lucy's banh mi are the bomb.I will confess that I've never had banh mi before, but these are very good.  She's one of my favorite "restaurants" in town - definitely the best sandwich in the city.  Even better when she's only charging $6 for them.  I usually buy two and have one the next day for lunch - not nearly as good, but still good.I'm not sure about Lucy's days or when she sets up for the day, but I know that she wraps up around 2 unless she runs out of bread earlier.  I've been down there around 1:30 when she's just run out.
5	I've never had a Bahn Mi before, but the one they sell at this non-descript stand is probably the best sandwich I have ever eaten. The BBQ pork goes so well with the cilantro, carrots, and onions. The stand is right in front of the Firehouse Lounge on 2216 Penn Avenue. I never would have found this place if it wasn't for Chowhound. Awesome can't even begin to describe how good this sandwich is.
5	Hand's down the best sandwich in PA.  Yes, better than Primanti's and Pat/Geno's Cheese steak.  Lucy's bahn mi is fantastic.  GO GET ONE..She's only around this time of year. I LOVE LUCY!
5	The only banh mi I thought I had had before was in a tapas restaurant...so it was a small portion and I now realize wasn't truly banh mi - and I really had no idea what it was.  Until I had Lucy's - it was FANTASTIC!  The bread was delicious, the sauce, everything. I don't get to the Strip very often but I'm already trying to figure out when I can get back there and have another one!
3	I don't know how many Bahn Mi places are in Pittsburgh....in NYC they are a dime a dozen. If this is the only Bahn Mi you've ever had then I get the rave reviews...I've simply experienced better. There is nothing wrong with this Bahn Mi it's good....but it's nothing great...pretty standard. The sauce she uses is very sweet, even the jalapeno and sriracha couldn't cut through this sweetness. Lucy and the man assisting her were very friendly.
4	So happy I finally got to try one of Lucy's Bahn Mi sandwiches.  By the time I found out about them last fall (both from Sebak and then from Sebak on Bizarre Foods America), Lucy had long packed up shop and headed across the pond.It took one tweet from Bar Marco to get my attention that she's back in town (she now apparently utilizes Bar Marco's kitchen for prep - convenient considering she still sets up shop in their parking lot!).  Walking up to her grille, the aroma of the marinade became intoxicating.  Assuming (don't know if I was right or wrong) that there really was only one option to order (Bahn Mi sandwich), I asked for two sandwiches and was pumped to find out they were only $6 a piece...  definitely a steal!After a bit of a cluster getting the sandwiches together (Lucy and I'm assuming her daughter kept jockeying between assembling the same sandwich and talking on a cell phone), I finally got my brown paper bag filled with two hearty Vietnamese hoagies.Now...  I preface this next part in that I had high expectations for this sandwich (given all the attention it seems to get).  Ever since having an absolutely addictive pork belly Bahn Mi in NYC, I've been on a war quest to find something similar to that salty, sweet and sour combo.  While I can say that Lucy's sandwich definitely satisfied my craving, it just simply didn't compare to what I've experienced in the past nor did I feel it necessarily stood up to the hype (maybe I just let myself down).  Don't get me wrong, this is a damn good sandwich at a fantastic price and I plan on getting many more in the future.  But, when you realize that Gaucho is just down the street...  you really start to question where you should be spending your time.
5	Go here and have a made to order Bahn Mi! We saw this on a Bizarre Foods and decided to go when we made it to Pittsburgh. It's a one lady show, no glitz, just with some cut-up peppers, pickled onions, cabbage and carrots, which come together to a 5 star rating. You can get pork, chicken or tofu. We went back twice in one week and had tofu twice. But what really makes this place is the bread, it is fresh Italian hard roll with this delicious sauce.
4	I love bahn mi! Back at home, you can get them anywhere but here in Pittsburgh, they are hard to find and much more expensive. I was really excited to see Lucy out in the Bar Marco parking lot this afternoon. I got a chicken bahn mi that was pretty damn tasty. Not the best bahn mi I have ever had but it is one of the better sandwiches I have had here. Sandwiches are $6 each. Choices are chicken, pork or tofu.
3	It was okay. I got it with everything on it. Which in hindsight was a mistake. The greens were a bit overpowering. The sandwich was also very sweet with no real spice from the jalapeno. The chicken was delicious well marinated and juicy. It was a kind of weird experience overall as all the individual components were fresh and well cooked, it just didn't come together as, a cohesive unit. Will def try it again, without some of the veggies.
