4	I had Del Taco 13 years ago for the first time. I recall having thoroughly enjoyed that fluffy flatbread taco with grilled steak. So, it is a wonder I never made it back, until recently. Thanks to this location, I have delicious crispy chili cheddar fries at hand when the craving hits. Now, don't turn me into a liar, you must consume the fries immediately so they are crispy to the end. Of course, if you let them sit in the carton on your drive home, they will be a soggy disappointment. Oh, Joseph had me take a bite of his bacon double del and it is great, too.
4	Del Taco is my favorite fast food joint, ever.Service is pretty speedy and the food is dangerously addictive. (If the drive-thru looks ridiculous, I don't mind heading inside to order bc the staff are pretty speedy.)Out of everything I've tried on the menu, the Macho Burrito is probably my fave. I get it with the beef and beans combo (bc you can choose either seasoned beef, grilled chicken, or a combo of beef and beens). This Macho Burrito is exactly as it sounds... Macho. It has your choice of meat filling, red + green sauces, tomatoes, lettuce, onions, cheddar cheese, and sour cream.The Deluxe 1/2lb Bean & Cheese Burrito is also a good one. It's packed with beans, cheese, red or green sauce, lettuce, tomatoes, and sour cream. It's pretty ginormous, so I don't recommend putting it down once you've started on this guy. And I also recommend keeping it partially wrapped while you're eating to avoid a mess.Another really awesome thing about Del Taco is that they have crinkle cut fries. Yes, crinkle cut fries!!! (Crinkle cut) fries at a taco joint is pretty freakin' awesome. BTW - Where can I buy Del Taco's Inferno Sauce?!!! It's dang good for fast food hot sauce and it actually has a kick. Yelp 365 - #295/365
4	have run into the manager a couple times. guy treats you like a valued customer and makes you feel good about coming back. reminds me how customers should be treated. still prefer over taco bell, give the fish tacos a try....tasty....
5	Cheap tacos, nice quick snack!   My tacos were done so fast, I didn't even get a chance to check in before they told me my order was ready!  For fast food, I can't complain too much!  I give them 5 stars!
4	The finest Mexican food, will not be found here, but hey you what you were getting into when you walked in to this joint, and if you didn't please contact me, I have some land in Florida I would like to sell you. That being said, this place was pretty good as fast food goes. I signed up for the Del Taco email club, and got a coupon for two free chicken soft tacos. the rest of my order consisted of what felt like 3 pounds of food, and the bill came out to around $5. That my friends is what we call a bargain. So So if its late at night and you have had a touch of the creature, or at least wish you had,stop by and spend a buck or three. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
5	Easy drive thru transaction with some special requests: #5 with extra sauce on the chicken soft tacos, nachos instead of the French fries (I'm sorry, I've just ALWAYS hated the French fries from all Del Tacos...tacos and fries just doesn't make sense to me), and a Diet Coke with no ice.Order was quick, perfectly accurate, and the drive thru attendance was very pleasant...just like the experience should have been!
4	They are open 24/7 and we usually get good service. My favorite is the Del Beef burritos and My husband loves the Chicken soft tacos with extra secret sauce. The Cherry Coke from the fountain is awesome. Well worth going for a quick bite anytime
4	Jason was one of the best nicest drive thru dudes ever !!!yay they have 8 layer veggie burritos !!! all about the vegetarian !!!fast good service and hot yummy food !!!
5	Came here twice on my vacation for New Years. We have Del Taco in Utah but this is by far the BEST and I mean BEST location I have ever been too!!!The drive up guy was hilarious! Super friendly was patient.... We may have taken a minute or five to order everything lol. I got the hard shell tacos and seriously I don't care who you are those are the best darn tacos ever! Their food is so yummy especially at midnight!  love love love this location will for sure be coming back here when we come back to Henderson.
5	Love Del Taco here for the following reasonsAwesome BurritosSome of the best fries around24 hour drive thruPrice is rightCan't go wrong
3	I really love Del Taco and will continue to go to them in the future. This review may seem trifle but maybe it will help out. I love their Steak Asada Tacos, and I especially love them because they add a slice of lime! Yum! Every other DT I go to adds the slice of lime.   This location on Serene use to, and now I have to ask for it. But every time I ask, they don't add it. Sorry to sound like a such a complainer over something so small, but I've given them every chance. C'mon guys! I know you're awesome and the staff is great. That's why I love to come here :)
4	This is my first ever time trying this chain.  I am pleasantly surprised!!! MUCH better than "Taco Hell".  My fixin's were fresh, the meat was well seasoned.  I was afraid to try it because fat Mexican food can be really gross.  I'm not opposed to pulling into another one of these drive thrus in the future now! Food is 3/5 but with their affordable menu pricing I added a star.  Where else can you get lunch for under $5!!!
4	its del taco.  Just order the food as it comes and dont make it complicated and you will be fine.
3	Ah, Del Taco. It's not great (even for fast food), but it ain't bad. One thing I particularly like is that they serve a mix of "Mexican" (tacos, burritos, etc.) and "American" (chili cheese fries, burgers, etc.). So if you're craving a mix of items, or are "dining" with someone who doesn't want "Mexican", this is the place to choose - especially late at night after some drinking. My personal fav is the chipotle tacos. They're cheap and tasty. I'm also a sucker for their macho nachos. They also have good hot sauces (those little packets), but I often neglect to remember just how crazy hot their hot sauce is (and I like hot).This particular location is pretty good. They never mess up orders and the drive-thru is fast.So all in all, it's not stellar fast food, but it's a-ok and has some decent options.
1	Came here for breakfast and it wasnt good. Got 2 egg burritos, 2 bean cheese 1/2lb burritos and bun taco. The flour torts were dry and hard one cracked while biting into and sauce squirted out all over shirt. The bean burritos were NOT 1/2 lb and hardly any cheese and the bun taco the bun was dry and hard/crumbly and the meat tasted old!!! No reason for this on the food they werent even busy!! I will second guess before coming to this location again. This is the second time this has happened and all that is said to us is OH..
5	My husband and I stopped here tonight and I just thought I would commend this location on being one of the best Del Tacos we have eaten at! The food was good, especially the Caramel Cheesecake bites and the employees were very friendly to us.
