1	This store used to be on the North East side of Metro. There's a sign on the old building saying they've moved "down the street". What exactly does that mean?We luckily kept driving around Metro & spotted the new location. It's now on the North West side.My friend only needed a charger for his phone. That's it.We walk in & there's a girl standing in front telling people she can help them. Misleading! People start telling her what problem they may be having & they totally expect help right then & there. No, she just wants your name & phone #. What for? We got some bs about someone else calling you up to help you. We walked over to the accessories, picked what we needed, & checked out. It felt like they just wanted to keep track of who was coming in.Actually, I could feel consumerism & corporate America practically choking me to death. I about had a panic attack in this store for some reason. I had to leave while my friend checked out. This place was NOT good for me.
2	I came in for a few screen protectors...was hoping to get in and out of this place.  They keep some screen protectors here in front in one area and others in an area towards to back and yet more in another corner of the store....So I finally find them....now I just want to pay and leave...oh no....since I didn't put my name on the list I have to wait for my turn behind 3 other people with phone issues or are looking for a new phone...This is B*LLSH!T....There were definitely several people waiting to be helped at at least 7 employees stading behind computers with no one infront of them or walking back and forth like they were busy.  Have a seperate counter for those of us just want an accessory and leave....
1	Couldn't get what we wanted here!   A basic cell phone at a low price.  Needed a replacement for a damaged phone.  By the way, we are long time customers.The Verizon store only carries a few models.  Our salesman said that 'basic phones' are dinosaurs.  They are being replaced by smart phones.  Suggested we go to Verizon online store and maybe purchase a basic phone there. Once the phone is delivered we can go back to the store for activation.  In other words no replacement and activation in one trip.We, the dinosaurs, proceeded out the door.  Back home to the computer for some do it yourself time.  I call the whole Verizon experience Customer Disservice.
2	Staff here could not help me upgrade my new iPhone 5 by extending my contract for my iPad.  Can't remember the girl that helped me but she asked the manager and he said he could not help me either.  So I went to the location at Lake Pleasant and Happy Valley....guess what, they were able to.  Not sure what else there is to say....these people couldn't even help me.
3	I was contacted by Verizon shortly after my review and I really appreciated it.  They took the time to find out what my issues were and did a great follow up.  It is always great when Yelp helps!
1	I come here because it's the closest spot to my house. The staff is awful, but the men who work there are much easier to deal with than the women. ANY TIME I have dealt with a female, I've walked out without finishing what I came to do. They are so unhelpful and RUDE! I walked in to pay a bill and only had $100.00 bill on me. Th lady who greeted me tried to send me to the kiosks and I told her, no I want to talk to a HUMAN. Then she said "I don't have change, but you can go to chili's and get change" at that point she was lucky I didn't slap her. Basically she was tellin me NO ONE paid with cash that day? I call bullshit. Had she been nicer I wouldn't be yelping my horrible experience but she got all snarky the minute I didn't want to use to kiosks. I guess doing a job you get paid to is too hard to manage. I didn't get her name but I will be getting it!You would think that since Verizon is the most expensive service, they would have better representatives, but they have like the worst customer service which is just not worth renewing my contract for.
1	What a worthless store 6 customers waiting 3 employees standing around doing nothing but checking customers in. And one employee goes home. Why does Verizon have a store that don't want to help thier customers. The manager johnny. Acted like nothing was wrong. Does he not realize there are a lot of people that have busy lives and then to be treated like a annoying customer. This store should close so busy people don't have to be treated with such disrespect.
1	Again major disappointment at the store. No screen savers for gallery s3 what a lame store. And the employees need to take a customer service class they are rude and have no customer skills. Verizon needs to fire the whole management staff and hire managers that are customer serviced skilled
1	I went to this store and made a purchase.  Received my monthly bill and it didn't reflect what the sales associate told me (sales associate lied to make a sale).  Called the Verizon 1-800 number and was told the store manager would call me from the store. Never heard from the store manager.  I called the store and was basically hung up on.  Went to the store to return my product and the sales associate told me more bad information.  When the sales associate realized there was nothing he could do to get me to keep the product he became very agitated.  I have been a customer since 2001.  Verizon May have the largest and most reliable network but they clearly have no customer loyalty.
1	I came in Saturday to buy my daughter a phone there were about 4 people ahead of me there was only 2 people helping anybody so 45 minutes later I ask what the wait time is and I'm told it will be at least another 45 minutes to receive any help so we left. Now today I figure ok maybe it was just the weekend so I go back to try again.. I am here 5 minutes after they open and there are 9 people ahead of me and again only 2 people helping anybody...... A store this busy you think would have more help. I asked the guy I checked in with how long the wait time is and he told me longest wait time he had had was 10 minutes so far. I wonder why???? They just opened do nobody could be waiting longer. Do I look dumb??? I can do math! Oh I'm so mad. It's time to start looking for a new place to shop because this place is a joke.
5	Caesar was a great help with my phone and was very patient. He fixed my email and I am very thankful for all his help.
5	I've never had a bad experience here, used to drive from the east valley to get here. The customer service is great, the manager is amazing. I've never had an issue they couldn't help me with. Yes they get busy and there is a wait, but it's no longer than 20minutes if that. I couldn't say anything bad about the store. It's clean, comfortable, quiet, and has a nice AC. Thank y'all for your help, even from the Steelers fan manager. Haha. It's my favorite VZW store.
