5	When it comes to pest control, you're never going to get rid of all the pests, but these guys are so nice, so professional, and try their best to get rid of the pests and make the customer happy.  Anytime we've had a problem with the service they've corrected it by any means necessary.  Customer service is obviously very important to them.  Andy is just great.  He always gets back to us promptly when we call with an issue.  I highly recommend them!
5	I would definitely recommend Scorpion Tech to anyone looking for pest control! They were very professional and friendly and kept me informed of what they were doing while they were treating the house. They won't try and pressure you into getting monthly service if you don't need it. They also have great customer service. They were very prompt and helpful when I was getting info and a quote and called to let me know when they were on their way to the appointment.  Highly recommend!!
5	Great offer to help us to start addressing our scorpion and bug problems in our new home. Really nice staff who are honest and helpful.
5	First started using them with a yelp deal and even aftee it,they still,give me a great rate. Great with my dogs. Even set me up with a landscaper for an affordable rate! David is my guy. Highly recommend them! :)
5	Scorpion tech was great when we first called in regards to prompt customer service. They were a company that actually came as a recommendation from a friend of ours living in a similar area (South Mountain).  We had a very friendly voice greet us and really listened to our concerns (Jill).  When they came out to treat our house I had some concerns of owing multiple pets and having a small child.  They reassured me this would not be an issue or a threat to their health.  We have just begun treatment, but the gentleman that came to our house was friendly and informative (Bobby).  I feel confident that we will start seeing results very very soon!
1	I'm only giving one star because there isn't an option for 0 stars. We purchased the yelp promotion because we are having a horrible ant problem in our backyard. My boyfriend called and set up the appointment. We were told the technician would be here between 3-5. My boyfriend took off work early so he could make sure he was here to show the tech the problem we are having. At 5 the tech still had not showed up. When I got home from work we had an invoice taped to the front door. I guess the tech had stopped by. Didn't knock on the door. I don't even know what he sprayed and left us a bill for $75.00.  Horrible service! So disappointed in this company!
5	Tech was great and it really did work to get rid of the pests~!
5	No more scorpions! They also eliminate ants or whatever arises during the year.:) They text you a few days before your visit if you have special issues, and/or need to make a change as to their arrival day and time. Very professional, clean and painless elimination of pesky pests!
1	Fair warning! This company's name has been terminated by the Arizona department of Pest Management, this is NOT a licensed name to conduct business in the State of Arizona. Any citizen can contact the Arizona OPM office and check on any company or persons licence status at 602-255-3664
