5	At last, the store with upscale looks and fashionable clothing without  upscale prices has opened in the Southwest. I've always enjoyed shopping in the H&M stores when I was in NY, and I definitely wasn't disappointed during my visit to the store in Scottsdale on opening day. The price tags on the great clothes confirmed that this is indeed part of the Hennes & Mauritz chain that has in the past allowed me access to nice clothing without taking my wallet hostage.
2	I was VERY disappointed.... I LOVE H&M and have never had a bad experience (as I had to travel to get to one). Never in my H&M shopping have I experienced such S*&%TY customer service!!! No one acknowledged anyone and when my roommate asked where she could find a certain item she was told to "look around and find it yourself"! wtf? I get that it was opening day... but COME ON! Although that annoys me... the clothes are AWESOME! I only bought 2 items but received a 20% off coupon that's good until the 25th... I'll be back for sure... hopefully I'll run into friendlier staff! Oh, and the music was WAY too loud... love the music but I may have lost my hearing a bit...
5	After hearing all the hype about this place, I HAD to go check it out.  I am always on the prowl for professional nice looking clothing at reasonable prices.  Ive been told that this is the place for such things.  This place is at Greenway and Scottsdale Road at a new upscale shopping center that they are in the process of building.  This place was a madhouse!!  Like going to Costco on a Saturday!!I cruised the store and liked what I saw.  Nice clothing at an a completely affordable price.  Holy crapola!  I didnt buy anything because I try everything on before I buy.  The wait for the changing rooms was an hour and a half!! I think Im going to go back once things calm down and get me some new threads from here.  I like that they carry all sizes too!I see myself being a regular shopper here.  Aside from the madhouse, once things calm down its going to be fun fun fun!
3	I love H&M....I have always loved it. The second H&M to open in the States was in my hometown 10 years ago. I've been to probably about 20 different H&Ms in my life, I spent my lunch hour pretty much every day in one when I lived in Boston. This one is ok. I'm tempted to give it an extra star just because of its existence but I'll hold back. Yes, yes, H&M has reasonable prices. I know this. I think we all know this which is why we shop there. I'm not going to judge them on their prices because they are the same everywhere. The layout of the store and their offerings are the real issue here and I feel that this H&M is just the middle of the road in comparison to other locations. Don't get me wrong, I'm happy that we have it (finally!) but its not the best H&M ever. I was expecting a madhouse on their second day of business but it was no more busy than a Saturday afternoon. They had a ton of people working the registers so the wait time was very short- I waited about 3 minutes. Kudos to them for that. They did place a register in the archway between men and women's which has to be the dumbest spot for a register. It created a huge line throughout the men's department and made getting between the two annoying. Bad design. The rest of the store layout is ok, it is one of the smaller stores that I have been to. However, unlike some H&Ms, they do carry the full range of lines- women, men, maternity and kids. (Some H&Ms only carry women's). The maternity and kids sections are located on the 2nd floor, pretty much guaranteeing that I will never see that level of the store. The men's section is pretty meager, but at least it exists. One thing that really really bothered me was the lack of accessories. I love H&M for fun accessories, it is one of the main reasons I shop there. I hope that they decide to expand that in the future.
4	Weeee ! Shopping is too much fun!  We teachers took a little field trip tonight to learn about a rare occurrence called H & M. Fresh from the big cities here it is London's own H & M store. Loads of exhibits of fun fashion, too cute to describe.  While no big deals , the prices are pretty reasonable, and the styles are well, stylish. I like their accessories and great fall basics. I have two   concerns most importantly... no bathroom !! What do you mean I have to stop shopping and walk down to the other side of the shopping area and go to a public bathroom? My other problem  the sizes , many items were hard to find in Large sizes, plenty of  4,6, and 2s  but a little light in the larger sizes and rarely a 14.  Bummer kids that going to limit my shopping pleasure for sure...Still liked  it bunches ...
3	I realize it was my choice to go the second weekend it's open, so there are going to be some gawkers and onlookers who came "just to see what all the fuss is about" and generally just get in the way and annoy me. But I had heard from several, several people that they had so much staff on hand that lines and crowds in general weren't that bad. Mentirosos, all of you. Customer Service: I waited in line 40 minutes - let me repeat that, 40 min - to try on clothes. However, the staff was very, very friendly and helpful despite being, I can only imagine, ready to rip their hair out over the masses of people that just kept coming. It took forever to get in there, but not because the employees were goofing off or slacking. When it was time to check out,  the staff was still smiling and open, not rushed, rude or flustered and taking it out on customers. Not to mention the line to check was much, much shorter. Clothes: The selection was merely OK. I don't have a ton of experience with H&Ms, but why have SO MUCH STUFF if it ALL LOOKS THE SAME? I mean, how many plaid shirt dresses do we really need in the world? (I guess at least some, 'cause I totally bought one.) The guys' section was a little disappointing - it seemed to be either way too high-fashion metrosexual or too frat boy, with no in between. My poor 5-months-preggo friend that I brought here solely because they have a maternity section was very, very disappointed in their offerings. Apparently the upstairs (I didn't bother going up) was 90 percent kids' clothes and 10 percent maternity.  Shoes & Accessories: Very, very small selection. They had about 6-8 pairs of shoes and 2 displays of earrings and necklaces and a small wall display of scarves and hats. Charlotte Russe's selection is like the Costco of jewelry and shoes compared to this -- and again, all the jewelry had the same look (holiday dressy right now, which meant all black and silver -- where's the funky stuff? the day-time stuff? the COLOR, for eff's sake?). And come to think of it, I didn't see any purses...but I could have just missed them or they were spread out through the store. Atmosphere: Crowd was about the same as any H&M I've ever been to - they always seem pretty busy - but I wasn't driven crazy. That's saying a lot considering my crowd tolerance level is typically in the negatives (malls in general put me at about 2, holiday-time malls put me at a -15 and Disneyland puts me at -500).  The music is soul crushing - every song had a hard, fast techno beat that, I suppose, is intended to make you feel upbeat and invigorated to charge through the whole place before it disappears into a black hole. Next time, I will make a point to take three deep breaths before going in, because the music+crowd definitely got to me -- it was like mob mentality and I was running around like a maniac. Overall: I probably won't come back to this location once the Fashion Square one opens up, because it's quite far for me. But if were to consider it, I would hope they adjust their offerings - across the board from men, women, accessories to maternity -- to be a little more broad.
3	After hearing all the hype I was very excited to shop here. For me it didn't live up to the hype. I thought the women's clothes were okay but nothing I couldn't live without and the men's clothes were a little too fashion forward for the men I shop for. The prices were fairly reasonable and they had a good selection of men, women's, and kids clothes. I had to wait about 10-15 minutes in line, which seemed like a long time to wait for a Tuesday afternoon. I would stop in here if I was in the area but wouldn't drive out of my way to come here.
4	I vowed not to review H&M until after the first month of chaos. The first two times I visited, that's exactly what it was. And it's to be expected, of course. The first time I went, we didn't even bother trying to get into the line for the fitting room. I just tried things on right out on the floor. Despite the mobs, the checkout lines still moved at an efficient pace, and the staff was collected and helpful. After my visit today, the store had cooled down, things were much more tidy, people weren't slaughtering each other for the last flannel button-up, and there was a general vibe of togetherness. Even though it was a Monday afternoon, the store was at a normal level of business and the staff was upbeat and on top of things. There was no wait to get into the fitting room, nor to check out. The selection is not bad. The menswear section is a smaller portion of the store, of course, but it is not small. I was expecting the worst: a tiny corner relegated to graphic tees and jeans. That was not the case at all. Sorry for doubting you, H&M. The selection of clothes in the store for this season was not amazing, but not bad. The right selection of  Fall/Winter clothing can be difficult to market in Phoenix, especially upon opening the very first store in the state. I am pretty much guaranteed to find something that I would wear at any given H&M location. With their prices and the close proximity to where I live, I will undoubtedly be here a lot. I'm excited to see how this store rolls out future collections. My advice: a bit more accessories (for both men and women) and I'd like to see some of the dressier menswear.  Fiiiiinally!
2	With all the H&M hype, I thought the place was Eh...Ok. The styles are very European (especially the horrific shoes). For basics sweaters, leggings, shirts - they were inexpensive and a good place to go. The parking and lighting in the store were not good or helpful. Also, the staff was rather cold, unhelpful, and snobby. Give it a try - but be warned that it's a lot of hype without the stars to back it up.
2	I visited the new H&M last Saturday because I needed to get out of the house to allow my husband to grade in peace and because I like H&M and had been needing to get a fix. I left majorly disappointed - not only did I find nothing I liked, but the experience had been majorly frustrating.I only saw the first level (not having kids or being pregnant I felt no need or desire to go to the second level) and the selection was disheartening. Not only did I see nothing in the men's section that my husband would even consider wearing, but the women's section, while large, had very little I liked. The accessories section, always a favorite of mine in H&Ms, was tiny and extremely lacking in good items.Apparently a requirement of the girls working at this H&M location is that they a) wear UGG boots and b) look and act completely apathetic. The line for the fitting room was extremely long. Having only two items I should have not even bothered, but for some reason, I stood in line for almost 30 minutes to try on two things that once on I absolutely hated. The worst thing about this H&M is the ten item limit for the dressing rooms! Holy crap that is a high limit. Not only that, if you take back say 30 items, you can leave the other twenty with the girls running the fitting room, try on the first ten and then come back out for the next ten items. Basically one person could hog a dressing room for well over 30 minutes. This is ridiculous especially given the long line for the fitting rooms.Needless to say, I will wait to get my next H&M fix when I am somewhere else. I don't think I have the patience to drive up to Kierland or deal with this store.
4	H&M and I have a long history...tracing back to my roots in Germany. H&M is super popular in Europe, so in the past I had to venture to L.A. to get my fix. I was stoked to hear that they were opening right across the street from me! The clothes are solid. The one thing most people have to get used to are the sizes, as they are usually on the small side. So, either try it on or buy it a size bigger. That brings me to the biggest downside of H&Ms, not just here but everyone I have been to. They are extremely busy (for good reason), so trying clothes on is really close to impossible. Unless you have the patience to stand in line for an hour. To the clothes...you can find everything from accessories, to t-shirts, dress shirts, leggings, underwear and hats here. Literally everything. To me it H&M is like the IKEA of the furniture world, expect for the fact that the quality of H&M is much better. Some examples of prices...t-shirts: $5.95, sweaters: $20, pants: $40-ish, accessories: under $15 So, save up your patience and do some yoga before you go, then put yourself in a bubble and shop away!
4	I met you in Wuerzberg in 2001 and then revisited you again in Zurich in 2002.  Now I hear you are in my city!  Dreams do come true!It's been a long time coming but I think the opening could not have been planned better since we are now amidst "tough economic times".  I love your low prices, great style and good quality.  For being bargain wear you sure do hold up after many years of use. I can now stop shopping at other "bargain" clothing stores since you moved into town.  Thank you!
3	I, as most other red blooded females in town, have been awaiting the arrival of H&M in Scottsdale for a long time. I first found this gem in Chicago, loved it! Such cute clothes and inexpensive. Come to find out you cannot order online, thus my hopes were crushed. Traveling back and forth to Chicago all the time will then make the clothes a bit out of my price range. Then I discovered the store in Vegas, much closer, but small and not fun, and 6 hour drive to go shopping is a little silly too. So, I finally made it into the one in North Scottsdale, its big, but not nearly the size of the 3 story store in Chicago. Big enough though. I have had several successful finds and at great prices; a pair of plaid pants $10, black dress $24.95, scarf $7.95, long chain necklace $5.95, big comfy sweater $20, an adorable dress for my friend's 2 year old $9.95.... you get it. It s also in a great location, walking distance to my work, easy parking, and near a bunch of other shops at Kierland. However, what I do not like about this place..... those who work in the store are your atypical Scottsdale brats just looking for a discount it seems. None of them smile, no one has ever (5+ visits) asked if I need help with anything, they bark at you when you are in line for the dressing room "I need you to form a curved line!!!" Yikes! And there is this crazy beeping alarm that is always going off, I mean really fix that thing already. Geez! It's called customer service people, be nice! Smile for crying out loud. I am anxiously awaiting the opening of the H&M in the Scottsdale Fashion Square Mall, hopefully they are nicer there and I will not have to frequent the North Scottsdale one anymore. But service aside, H&M Rocks! Cheap cloths that last for years. I have a dress that I bought in Chicago about 5 years ago that I wear at least 5 or 6 times a year. Love it!
3	So Basically, Brown is the New Black and H&M is the new Forever 21.
3	H&M is a cute store- some cute clothes at very cheap prices. It is usually pretty busy and crazy, which I don't love, but I understand. You just have to be ready to pick through clothes when you go here. A lot of the items scream cheap, but there are some gems that don't look like they cost $5. I like H&M, but really love quality in clothes even more. I have a couple cute items mixed into my closet from H&M.
5	I'm addicted to this place. They have so many stylish clothes and excellent bargains.  This place is so much better than Forever 21.  The kid clothes are so cute.  I can't wait for them to open the second location closer to my house.
3	Too much going on!  You need to dig through all the clothes to find your size.  We did not have time that night we went.  I only stayed downstairs.  The hair accessories were cute.  Shoes were cheaply made.  People were everywhere.  Just crazy!  I like relaxed shopping and fighting others for sizes!  Maybe it is only one H&M out there so the craziness.  When I was shopping in New York, it was not so crazy!  But then again they have H&M all over.
2	The clothes are awesome.  The prices are awesome.  So why 2 stars?  Customer service.  Obviously all the employees are there to get a discount on already cheap clothes because they don't acknowledge you.  There's attitude when you ask for a dressing room.  Attitude when you're checking out.  It's like I'm bothering them by shopping there and providing them a job and paycheck.Hopefully the staff will be better at Fashion Square when that location opens.  I love H&M but hate the negativity in that store.
4	I work at this store and I've worked at a few other H&M's. This is not the best store nor is it the worst.I agree, a lot of complaints are valid, but there are two sides to every story. Many of the people that are on the sales floor are new, there are a few people that make up the basic foundation but other than that we have a constant procession of new people coming and going. Many of them  don't stay long enough to learn everything to help, you, the customer.As for the people that say we give you all attitude, I personally go out of my way to help many customers, but when I gave garments thrown at me, myself or my coworkers are called crude names, or I'm just generally belittled by you then I'm probably not going to be 100% peachy. Neither are my peers. No one working there or shopping there wants to be treated with disrespect but that's what we get time after time, so I apologize if myself or anyone that I work with has ever been anything but rainbows and sunshine.To Terri A from Glendale, do you feel better being rude to someone over the internet because they were doing their job? The whole credit fiasco, that was how she had to do the transaction or she could possibly face corrective action. The other store put us in an odd position by setting up deals that we either could not honor or had to have manager permission to do (and not all managers approve/allow the same things). So we look like jerks while they look like saints.Thankfully we have some wonderful customers that we truly do appreciate. Everyone that doesn't fling clothes at our faces, asks us for a size so they don't tear through piles we've just folded, or just in general is a nice, fun person to talk to: thank you. You really do make our job a lot easier.One more topic I wanted to cover before I end this. Most of us are college students trying to make ends meet. We're there so we can attempt to pay for school and some place to live. Very few of us are there "for the discount". If anyone ever truly does have a question or a concern ask us before you get upset, almost every single person that is there now (that hasn't gone to the new store) is a great person that will try to help you the best that they can. That way we can help each other and both have a good day or night.
2	Sorry H&M, but I'm not a fan...While your clothes look cute from a distance, if you take a closer look, the quality sucks!  And I understand that they are extremely affordable, but I'd rather spend my hard earned cash on higher quality clothing and accessories that will last awhile!Also, can we discuss your sizing?  I typically wear a size 2 or 4, but at H&M, I'm more of an 8 or 10, and that just is not fun!Additionally, I've  been in a few times and not once have I been asked if I needed help finding anything.  I do see why there are many people that are H&M fans... especially if you know you're just looking for a one-time wear or something for a season.  More power to those that can make it work... I cannot!
4	I adore H&M...the clothes are a great mix and not over priced which I love!  The staff is always friendly when I interact with them, people need to remember you're not at Nordstroms, Barneys or a small boutique where customer service is a huge piece of their business...it's H&M, they are there to provide fun clothing at fair prices.  Love getting the basics there like undershirts and leggings, but I always walk out with an extra piece or two of clothing.  :) Check it out, it's not for everyone but I love it!
1	H&M clothes are wonderful to keep up with the trends at a very inexpensive budget. However, just be prepared to deal with the WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE EVER!!! The fitting room attendants are like stones lacking any kind of personality or social skills. The rest of the staff acted like I was bothering them if I needed help finding something and the lady that checked me out was on the phone while she rung up my $380 purchase. She messed up on the ringing and had to start all over because she was distracted on the phone. I suggested she call the person back so she could concentrate on ringing me up properly and she rolled her eyes. There were 4 customers behind me just as angry at her. HORRIBLE SERVICE!! Where are the managers or the corporate people to come in and do a clean wipe- out? Re-hire a whole new crew so H&M can be a good experience and not a horrid one!
1	Their so called Mama maternity section was all of a 6 ft rack.  Very disappointing.
2	I was really excited to go here after checking out the one in vegas, but I was rather disappointed. I am so glad my mom only got me a 25 dollar giftcard here. I couldn't even find enough to spend that! I did like the men's clothes and the kid's close. For myself, though, eh? the fit was off for me for the few things that I did like, and I'm familiar with euro sizing so that wasn't the problem. I ended up just stocking up on bracelets. oh wells, I will only go to the vegas location.
1	I'll make this quick: LAME. First day it's in the high 90s and H&M didn't get the memo: no A/C in the store. Add to that one employee was stationed at the main registers. Unfortunately, there was a woman in the front of the line buying her son about 40 items. Clerk was finally offered assistance (15 minutes later, after 8 people lined up, while another clerk came over, picked up the first clerk's walkie-talkie, remarked on the fact that it didn't work and walked away) in the way of third clerk showing up and making an announcement they were dividing the line. The people behind me RAN for the other line. Um...I had been waiting 15 minutes and after the great divide announcement, and was STILL stuck behind the woman with 40 items. Really?! Yes, really. Checked in on FourSquare, saw a "tip" that the second floor register was faster. Left the line, walked upstairs, saw a note taped to the register "Register closed". Of course. I mean, there are only four people downstairs trying to buy loads of children's clothing plus another 5 people buying adult clothing. Makes sense that you would make the decision to close the register in the children's department upstairs. FANTASTIC.WHAT IS IT WITH STORES LIKE THIS MAKING IT IMPOSSIBLE TO PURCHASE THEIR CLOTHING?! Kills me. Exit left.
3	Visited this locale probably 3 times in the last couple of weeks and each time I come here the deals are great....and the lines are long....LOL. If your in search of baby clothes they have some true steals here....not to mention women's clothing is very affordable as well. I didn't find anything that really suited me.....the sizes are not very wide ranging and the quality of the clothing looks suspect to me....but after all it is H&M....so I guess I shouldn't expect to much. It is a nice store however....and the staff is very friendly...but seems like on some days they are a little understaffed and that can make for some long lines. I do find however that a lot of people shop here.....and with this location being in Scottsdale....well the store can't be all bad. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!
1	I gave this place a chance. Numerous times...but I now feel 100% confident in saying I will NEVER walk into this location ever again. The clothes are cheap and worth the one or two wears...but I refuse to look or speak to any of those RUDE employees. It's like you ruin their day asking for something. HR did a great job hiring the worst group of people ever. Have I mentioned that awful high pitched alarm that is constantly going off at the register?? I'll take my 20 bucks to one at Fashion Square.
1	Ok, This review is coming from a 41 year old, so if you are 16-26 it may not apply to you. I just don't get it. The clothes are cheap, cheap, cheap. Not just in price but in material, looks and am assuming wearability. It looks like the first time you wash something it may not fit a 13 year old. This is like a cheap ass old navy, but if you only got $5 bucks to spend on a shirt and are ok with looking like a cheap ass nerd, shop till you drop baby.
1	RUDE, RUDE, RUDE. The customer service at this store is horrendous. I found a store employee to ask about a blazer that I had seen just a few days before to see if they still had it and she just looked me up and down and said "no" and walked away to help other people. Plus, it is 113 degrees today and NO A/C in the dressing rooms (which it takes the 2 people working back there a few minutes to acknowledge you even with no line). I'm sorry but this is not a high end shop where it can be almost expected to be a little looked down upon. THIS IS H&M where you can get all of their crap for less than $50 on even the most expensive item. Turn on the A/C, pull the stick out of your asses and treat customers like people and you want them paying your hourly wage. From now on, I'll battle the crowds down at Fashion Square for my bargain needs.
1	Cheap, crappy clothes wear once don't wash and throw away. Better off shopping at the dollar store.
1	Dumbest group of employees ... all in one location.Employees, here's a hint:Best not to list H & M, on your next employment application.       Doing so, is guaranteeing, you won't be hired. The clothes are Kmart/walmart cheap.The sizing is NEVER ACCURATE.
2	Oh H&M at Scottsdale Quarter, how I have a love/hate relationship with you. Your employees aren't the friendliest and can, at times, boggle my mind and make wonder if they will be able to graduate high school or wonder if they did. I also must complain about how you never have more than one person ringing up customers, despite the length of the line. On a positive note, I like how cheap your clothes are priced, but again to a negative one, I do not like how cheaply made they can be resulting in one-maybe two-wears out of the clothing item before the hem unravels or a snag occurs from normal wear. At least I'm getting what I paid for (kinda).
5	It's Friday night and your wife asks what you're doing tomorrow. Always on your feet, you make up some bullshit about helping out at Habitat for Humanity, spackling drywall or something important like that. You're really going to the horse track and titty bar with your buds, but no point in starting a fight...she'll appreciate your day's activities when you come home drunk and balls out horny. Good logic, I know. She then informs YOU of HER plans for the day....shopping, and not for groceries.Shit.Your' day 'o fun plans have just gone up in smoke...you know the ending to this story. She comes home with a dozen bags from all the big stores, pirouettes around the room holding up each item, announcing, "Guess how much I saved today?"The Visa bill will be here soon enough you're thinking, no point in guessing.What do you do?Cancel your 'Habitat' plans and offer to take her to the Scottsdale Quarter for a day of chaperoned shopping. Once there, usher her directly to H & M, find a seat on the bench outside, whip out your Ipad and settle in for an afternoon of Angry Birds.Between the cheap deals, and the long lines to try stuff on, mostly from every middle-aged mom and her teen who feel the need to try everything on, she'll be in there for hours.Guys, you'll love H & M.I think it stands for Hit and MIss on the fashion side, but who cares, you don't have to wear any of that stuff. Their prices are so cheap, it's as if cheap walked into the room and gave birth to Cheaper, making certain there'll be plenty of room on the Visa bill for a couple of ATM withdrawals next Saturday when you're at the track and titty bar.If you do go to H & M, stop and say hi.I'll be the guy sitting on the bench outside pretending to play Angry Birds, giving off a really bad vibe to all the women strolling by as I furtively check out their backsides.Maybe I should have gone to 'Habitat' instead. Yeah, no, I should have gone to Habitat.
3	Trendy.  It is the Ikea of clothing stores.
4	LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE, what's not to love??? well, except for the lines. Even on a Tuesday in the middle of the afternoon. Seriously. The clothes are super affordable and trendy and have better quality than other "fast fashion" retail shops. If you can endure loud club music and sparse help and are looking for cute, trendy clothes at a super affordable price...you have found it in H&M.
4	This place has the cutest clothes! Always on trend and great pricing. The only complaint about this location is its organization, it needs to be layed out better!
4	giving this H&M only 4 stars out of 5 because of the organization and mess the racks get. i understand people just throw stuff on random racks instead of putting it back on the right rack but some of the racks here have clothes sticking out of the racks clothes on the ground and is just hard to find the right size without knocking stuff on the ground or something falling off the hanger. customer service is good. registers never really have more than 1 person running it which makes the lines go somewhat slower than what they should be going. lines for the dressing rooms on the weekend get crazy and the store gets very hot fast, especially when there is 105 degree AZ weather outside. they don't let you take a lot of stuff in the dressing room at once which is really annoying. dressing rooms are very very small which is annoying and almost makes me not even want to try stuff on.
4	Great prices and good sales on trendy looking clothes. Small men's section.
1	Today, 2:35PM.Me; standing in line ready to pay.  4 other people on line.Cashiers:  Folding tee shirts and stacking them while we waited on line.  AND waited and waited.  Me:  Wondering when it would dawn on the cashiers to attend to customers ready to spend US currency in this bad economy.  Assessment:  These two guy cashiers have NO DAMN brains & management has fewer neurons for allowing this to take place.
4	Big store with seemingly everything offered on their website present. Staff is very young and the inexperience shows a bit, but what they lack in skills, they seem to make up for in effort. Prices are reasonable and my sons like it, who knew? ;O)
2	I like H&M because they have nice work clothes that aren't too expensive. This store has a good selection as well. Shopping there is a hit or miss for me, though. The reason i'm taking off a couple starts is because of the staff. The employees have been rude to me and not very helpful. I have been to this location quite a few times, and not even once have I been asked if I needed help finding anything or in my size (which I usually do), darn european sizes! But really, what happened to good customer service? It's definitely not here.
1	Lol can't tell WHO the employee are since no one greets here, I'd save myself the embarrassment and just find what catches my eyes.
5	My favorite go to store that is affordable. I always stock up on tendy pieces here. Yes the store can be a little overwhelming sometimes so make sure you have plenty of time to so a little digging. Some if the quality is good and some of their basics aren't that good of quality, but for the price doesn't really matter
1	Awful experience! I had a question about their current sale and decided to approach the guy on the floor; he was clearly not interested in helping me and answered me impatiently while walking away. (Didn't think too much of it since he did answer my question.)I spent about an hour picking out a bunch of items and decided to walk over to the cashier and put my clothing on hold (so that I didn't have to carry around so much stuff as I continued to shop). She asked for my name and the time I planned to pick it; I gave her my name and told her that I was just going to browse some more and be right back. She said "OK".Within 15 min., I picked up two more items and was ready to go. When I got back to the cashier (same lady!), she forgot who I was. After giving her my name, she looked around and told me she couldn't find it and that someone must have put everything back. She acted as if it wasn't her fault and asked me to go get the items again.I had to go back onto the floor and try to recall everything I picked out. There was of course an item that I ended up not being able to find. Then when I got back, I remembered there was a sweater that I forgot about. Curse them! I should have just held on to my clothing for 15 more min.!!!
3	This store is pretty popular among my friends and I have to admit I've purchased a few pairs of flip flops from here and a few shirts as well.There clothes are all really cute I must admit but their fabrics seem really cheap as if everything will fall apart after a couple of washes.  I have one friend that buys the bulk of her clothes from here and she looks cute at first but after a few washes I want to tell her to throw some of the stuff away.  And I really wish they'd card people for how old they are before letting them purchase some of this stuff.  All the clothes are clearly geared towards teens and 20 somethings but I can count on both hands the number of 50-67 year olds I know that shop here like an asteroid is about to take the whole damn block out.  But that's not really the stores fault so that's not factored into my star rating.The lines are always insane for the dressing room.  I can't recall a time I haven't had to stand there for 10 minutes if not longer to get into a room.  I wish they had more dressing rooms available for the volume of customers they have that clearly like to shop here.  And their check out lines when I've been there have always been pretty lengthy as well.  Seems like there is never enough staffing to keep the dressing rooms clean, customers rung up, and keep the clothes folded and racks straightened.  But also I don't think I've ever seen anyone over the age of 18 working there.  Everyone looks like a child here and I don't know if anyone is babysitting them to make sure they are running the store properly.  Maybe they should think about hiring an adult to watch over the kids.
1	I used to love h&m until I came to this store. I had just arrive when suddenly the power went out! Some of the other stores were up and running and according to some bystanders the electric company was aware and working on it. So I headed to the neighboring stores in hopes that the power would soon come back up, and it did! I went back inside h&m and the sales people looked mad to be there. I over heard one girl say that other stores that were affected got to go home but they didn't.  The attitudes of the employees were terrible. Shortly after, the power goes out AGAIN!  This time i stayed outisde the door along with some others but the employees said they were closing for the night.  Within two minutes the power went back on and I watched as a lady knocked on the door and the sales girl open the door and yelled that they were closed. Its ok that the power went off, what's not ok is for employees to be rude just because their anxious to leave!
3	I love this location, just because I feel like they have a much higher amount I clearance. I came here looking for work suits/dresses and got 8 dresses each for 7 dollars. That's so incredibly cheap! So the inventory gets it 3 stars, it would be 5 star if it wasn't for the worthless employees here.I've never been greeted and the fitting room attendant is a joke. I've waited in line for 15-20 minutes for a room, when there were 6 available! What the hell. What's even worse is the checkout, I love when there's 8 people in front of me, 1 cashier and 4 people chit-chatting behind the registers. Shouldn't the customer come first?Parkin is really convenient, just park in the Scottsdale quarter parking garage...it's about a 3 minute walk and it's free parking...sweet! Anyways. Check this location out, especially if you have time to waste...if you're in a rush, save your breath.
1	Went to this store to exchange some online items that did not fit.  After waiting ten minutes in line I was informed that online items are not accepted for return in the stores.  Really!!  I have done a lot of shopping on line and have never run into this policy before.  The sales clerks walked past me when I was looking for something.  I was never approached to see if I needed help.  Both the fitting room and register girls were snotty.  I will not be shopping with this company again.
5	If you ever walk into H&M you know this place is always packed. And at times finding someone to help you is near impossible. While the styles can be cute and trend, sometimes the quality and sizing is hit or miss. Well, this time I totally get lucky cause I was there buying clothes for my son (who is 8) and I snagged Rob (the world's most helpful and stylish sales associate) and when I asked him to help me pull together some good looking outfits for my son, he happily stopped everything he was doing and helped me for the next half hour or so and pulled together six of the best looking outfits for him!!!He even brought down all the clothes for me to the dressing room and helped me arrange the outfits for my son to try on. Honestly, I felt a bit giddy like I had the lottery I was so happy. And yes, in case you're wondering I bought everything Rob pulled together for my son. You go Rob for making me a happy customer!!!
1	I am appalled. I came in to this store, shopping with my 90 year old grandmother. Obviously, she was not trying anything on at H&M, but she did want to come to the fitting room with me so we would not separate and to rest. The woman working the fitting rooms said there was only one person allowed per room, and that my grandmother was not allowed. The room that was opened for me had just been used by a mother with her 3 children, which I see as a very similar situation as me coming with my grandmother. I asked why that situation was allowed, as oppose to my grandmother and I. She explained the difference as parents and children need to stick together. So, in light of her silly explanation, which was a quite obvious one, I decided to ignore her request of only one person in a room and let my grandmother come in with me so she could rest. And the lady proceeds to call her manager on me. After we were done, the manager was there waiting, went on to count all my clothing to make sure we had not stolen anything, and then said "if you do not want to follow the fitting room rules..." and told me their return policy. When people are older, they need to be taken care of, similar to a children.  I feel I was discriminated against and embarrassed for an unnecessary reason.
