4	On a recent trip to Charlotte, NC to see the Body World exhibition at the local science museum I took the 20 minute drive up to the Carolina Raptor center.  The center rehabilitates birds of prey that have been injured with the hopes of returning them to the wild but the birds that cannot be returned are kept at the site and cared for in zoo-like aviaries.  The center affords the visitor an opportunity to learn about the birds and see them up close in a way that wouldn't be possible in the wild.  There are several types of falcons, owls, vultures and a family of bald eagles.  The tour around the grounds takes about an hour and there are hourly presentations by volunteers that are geared primarily for children but are fun for adults too.  Definitely worth the trip.
5	The Carolina Raptor center is a very quick drive from uptown Charlotte. The center rehabilitates injured raptors from all over the US, but keeps those that are unable to return to the wild. They do a great job with educating visitors about the 'residents'. Visitors can attend hourly shows and walk a trail to learn about the birds. Note: all outdoorsPlease cal them if you ever find an injured raptor: 704-875-6521
5	Five stars for the ultimate mix of education and compassionate care this place provides to unfortunate raptors who were just minding their business when they got hit by cars or shot.I never knew so many birds of prey were hit by cars, but that seemed to be the main cause of injury among the birds here, especially the owls.We arrived just in time for a lecture by one of the senior staffers, complete with show and tell of a vulture, a great barn owl, and a kestrel.  After the lecture, we wandered around the sprawling facilities, which are set back in the woods.  Along the path are many well-conceived "birdhouses" where they keep the permanent residents.  The largest enclosure is for the eagles.Until I visited the Raptor Center, I had no idea that eagles wear sweatpants.  Who knew?  They also have kind of wimpy bird voices.  But they are majestic nonetheless.This place is well worth the visit not only for the education, but also as a best case example of the exercise of compassion.  Also, if you have kids, take them immediately.  The kids we saw there were really having a great time.
4	I suppose I'm biased because I've always loved raptors, owls particularly.  But I very much enjoyed seeing the owls, vultures, hawks, falcons, eagles, kestrels, and lively visiting corvidae (ravens, crows and magpies).  These are probably the chillest raptors you'll ever see.  I guess it'd kind of be like visiting an outdoor rehab center for permanently injured athletes.  These birds were once the rulers of the sky, swooping down on irritating prey like rats and skunks in the blink of an eye... until some sad tragedy, a bullet, a car moving too quickly - cut short their majestic reign.  So these raptors, for the most part fairly acclimated to human presence, will merely eyeball you as you walk by their aviaries or embarrass yourself by clicking and hooting to get their attention.Stop in for the mini-lecture for an up close view of some of the birds, as well as some interesting background information.
5	*disclaimer up front*I am a transport volunteer for the injured raptors coming into this facility. Most of my "deliveries" get euthanized because of the severity of their injuries... and I see this place as the single best way to educate John Q. Public about why these birds die needlessly every day. Before I became a transporter, I visited here at the urging of friends... and, friend, I was hooked. This is one of the best, intelligent displays/educational interactions of birds of prey I have ever seen. I bring my friends and family here whenever they visit because it is that cool, and that important. I even have a friend who also became a volunteer here after visiting.
5	Quick one.  After reading Kathy's review I remembered how amazing this place is and how lucky we are to have it so close by.My first encounter with Owls.  Its been a while, so I definitely need to go back, and will do whatever I can to bring others with me.  $10 at most to get in, but I'm sure some donations and/or sponsoring a bird would be greatly appreciated.  For $45 bucks a year you can you can go whenever you want and bring a friend.Great for kids!Will update upon my next visit, hopefully sooner rather than later.
4	Although I'm scared of bird (I suffered a vicious peacock attack as a child (seriously)), this place was pretty cool.We just happened to arrive as one a raptor presentation was beginning.  Seeing a presentation is a must (the trip would have not been as good without it).  The woman doing the presentation brought out a number of birds and told us lots of interesting info about them.After that, we just walked around to the different cages and checked out the other birds.  If you want to take pictures, bring a camera with a zoom lens (I couldn't get close enough for my iPhone pictures to be very good).
4	The birds were impressive and the bald eagle enclousure was great. A little pricey for small children.
5	I love zoos and animals, so I was looking forward to checking out the Raptor Center. We had my niece and nephew last weekend (ages 6 and 3) so we decided to take them there to check out the birds.I enjoyed the center and felt the price was right for the amount of exhibits and time it takes to get around ($10 adults, free kids under 4). The Raptor Center is a sanctuary for birds who would not make it in the wild, and they go to schools to educate young kids about raptors, so I didn't exactly feel bad paying since I knew it was going to a good cause. They had several different kinds of owls, eagles, hawks, vultures and other predatory birds. Most of the habitats seemed to be a decent size for the animal inside, and the birds themselves seemed relatively comfortable. There was also a little playground based on Harry Potter for the kids to play in, and they liked that. The staff there were very friendly and informative, and several who were transporting a bird from one area to the next were more than happy to take a few seconds to tell us a little about the bird and let the kids get a good look at it.My nephew really enjoyed looking at all the birds, and he even knew a little on his own since the center had brought some birds over to his school. My three year old niece didn't care for it as much and was more interested picking rocks and thistles out of the dirt then looking at birds in cages. I was really glad that she was free and we didn't have to pay for her!Overall, it's a really clean, friendly, and educational experience. Check out some cool looking birds while walking the trails and learn about these beautiful raptors. Great for kids and adults.
4	This place was pretty neat. It's much like a park with multiple outdoor exhibits featuring almost exclusively birds that are too injured to be released. Many of them are missing parts of a wing so they can't be rehabilitated but their cages seem to be roomy enough and they do seem well cared for. I think this place was a once and done for me in that I had a good time the first time but I don't have particular motivation to go back. It was nice walking along the trail through the woods but I would consider wearing bug repellant because I left with a few bites (but I'm a mosquito magnet). It's definitely worth seeing this place, especially at only 10 dollars per adult.
5	I'm sure you're wondering how GOOD a bird zoo can really be. I was really impressed with this place. The setting is wonderful, and the birds are really something.  Take some time to see a show. A little hokey, but a fun way to see the birds up close and appreciate the relationships between staff people and these interesting animals. A great way to spend a couple of hours in the (mostly shaded by beautiful forest) outdoors.
5	It's been awhile since I treated myself for my birthday to the PhotoWILD day, and to this day it's one of the best things I've ever done.  From the website:  Each day highlights over 20 different raptors in unique settings each day.The day starts with an early-bird breakfast at 7:30 am, followed by six, thirty minute sessions -- we'll have lots of birds each session to choose from. The final hour of each day features some of our flight show superstars in free-flight!http://www.carolinaraptorcenter.org/experience/photowildTake your camera and treat yourself, or a loved one.
3	I took my kids here one afternoon when my wife was out of town on business, and was pleasantly surprised by how much fun we all had. Lots of great birds, from condors to bald eagles, in a beautiful wooded setting. There's also a very cool playground in the middle that my kids almost found more interesting than the raptors. A fun outdoor experience that also serves an important purpose.
