5	Picked up a shirt from this place a couple of months ago.  I have always seen them advertised in New York and decided to binge and finally get one.The shirts are so well cut they fit like a glove.   The material makes wearing the shirt all day not a problem.  The cuffs are nice and the stitching is immaculate.  Definitely worth the cost.
5	If you don't know... Now you know! Great shirts, awesome ties... I've loved this line since we went to Europe many years ago. I was so happy to find one close by without having to go to NYC or ordering on-line.
3	The shirts are awesome (I am a customer), the ties are good, the staff this trip were inattentive and snobbish.  So, three stars, but I will be back and will rerate appropriately.
5	On our way out of the Caesars Palace Forum Shops to dinner and a show I glanced over since something caught my eye - - oh wow - - how exciting to find a Thomas Pink store in Vegas!  We proceed to deviate from our path as I dragged my friend over to experience Pink's Paradise. When it comes to dress shirts I need to try them on, regardless if it's the right size or color, I have to see how it fits and looks.  Two very helpful sales people here, the lady proceeds to bring out a collection of shirts in my size.  The Navy & Turquoise Captain Stripe Shirt w/ Double Cuff immediately got my attention - I recognized it.  I tried that shirt on at a Nordstroms a few months prior and liked it so much, but it was the wrong size so I had to let it go.  I ran into the dressing room and put it on - whoa - a perfect fit!  My friend said I'd be crazy to walk out of this store without that shirt in my back, so the decision was simple:  ring it up!  We were pressed for time since dinner reservations were in 30 min and we had a hike back to the hotel to get primped up, so we had to cut it short (bummer!).  The staff sensed our urgency and both kicked into high gear - - one person rang it up w/ some new cuff links while the other grabbed the steamer and started pressing my shirt.  Within minutes we were set and ready to jet, impressive teamwork and diligent customer service, I was extremely pleased.  Gambling is common in Vegas, but there's no risk associated in buying Pink.  You get flawless quality, meticulous craftsmanship, exceptional design, and I love how these shirts fit - - like no other glove you've ever worn.
5	Great selection of shirts & ties. Always pick one up on a trip to Vegas. The staff this trip was extremely helpful & not pushy at all. They're pricy shirts but the quality & fit is well worth it.
5	My first experience with this place was FANTASTIC! Senor George Valle assisted me to perfection listened to my story of being on a quest for a Thomas Jefferson "care package" to take with me at the end of this month. I was on my way back to my hotel after attending the Welcome Reception for the Catersource Convention at the Pools of Caesars Palace so it was late and nearly every shop I went to had no customers about.We looked at LOTS of dress shirts and ties HOWEVER Yes this place is as expensive as Brooks Brothers but ok... You are shopping in the "Forum Shops" this place is not for amateurs so come with the MONEY CLIP NOT the wallet!!!  HA!I was not successful in finding the blue shirt with brown stripes that I was looking for (I had seen this combo on a really nice looking blond guy recently and Thomas Jefferson was blonde at one time... comme ci comme sa, I thought he would look HOT in it) LOL Senor Valle gave it the old college try but alas we did not find it. Found lots of others... this is the Mecca for creative colors and tie combinations.If you can't make it to the store in Las Vegas seek their website.Respectfully Reviewed
5	You can't find this type of store in any mall!I came in just to browse and look at the shirts, they have great deals every December so they can clear last season with new products. The salesman was very professional and didn't put any pressure while I was looking around. I ended up buying 2 polos that are very high quality and loved the look and feel. He even gave me his card if I had any questions I felt taken care of all the way. That's what highend shopping is all about.
5	WOW! They have some of the best shirts around. I can't wait to hopefully go visit the one in LA this weekend and pick up a shirt. I'm a huge fan of the Winchester style shirts (the shirts with plain white collar/cuffs and patterned and/or solid colored body). They have a name for it, so it makes it even easier to find. Also, they have hundreds of ties, it's like a candy shop of ties hanging on the wall *drool* Though it's a little pricey, it's a great store and they have all sizes and fits, which makes me a happy camper overall!!
5	I love this store. I love Thomas Pink shirts, especially his purples. His colors are vibrant, the shirts are so well constructed. The ties are nice and thick so they hold their knots and the pocket squares, socks and cufflinks add a special something to show your own personality while wearing a suit. Vega is so casual, that it is rare to see many suits. Back in the old days, the boys required coat and ties to into any showroom, now, you are lucky to find someone with a clean shirt. If you care about how you look. If you care about quality. Do yourself a favor and just enjoy what the difference feels like. Not all shirts are created equal.
1	If I could give them zero stars I would. My boyfriend and I went on Monday to look for a shirt. We asked for a XXL shirt and the man showed us a drawer full of shirts. Everything was great until this point. My boyfriend told the sales associate that he would like to try on a shirt.... And while still on the sales floor the sales associate unbuttoned the shirt and handed it to my boyfriend. Did the sales clerk expect him to take off his shirt on the sales floor to try on the shirt?! It was offensive, rude, and unprofessional!! How difficult is it to offer a customer a fitting room?!
