5	I just took my children to see Dr. Cohen and he is fantastic with kids!  He is patient, and so knowledgeable.  They each gave him more than 10 stars which in our family is the best rating.  His staff is also very helpful and efficient.
5	Our entire family has been going to Dr. Cohen for over 15 years and wouldn't think of trusting our eyes to anyone else. In addition to being a phenomenally gifted optometrist, Dr. Cohen is one of our favorite people. We continue to be impressed with his genuine interest in our kids and the way he relaxes everyone with his sense of humor and relaxed approach. Our kids love going to see him--what more can I say? He's just the best.
5	Had a great visit at Dr. Cohen's! He made me feel comfortable and was very talkative. We had great, smooth conversation, and Dr. Cohen was interested in my life and what I do. He is a great listener and a happy guy! The office visit was quick, and he described what he was doing throughout the process. We also had a few good laughs!Dr. Cohen's staff was friendly and personable, and I was seen quickly. The office is very clean and welcoming.Would definitely return to Dr. Cohen!
5	LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this doctor. Dr. Cohen is personable, throrough, his staff is top notch, Love Shelley, Susie. Easy office to work with. I highly recommend Dr. Cohen, If you go to him once, you will never go any where else. If there was a 10 star rating, I would give him that.!!!!!!
5	Very pleased. Friendly, professional, personal service. Dr. Cohen knows his stuff and is happy to answer questions on your level without making you feel like he's talking down to you. He is quick without seeming rushed, and gives you his full attention. Plus he's a nice guy, real down to Earth and makes the process that much more laid back.Also, when I picked a pair of frames I mentioned my old frames were broken and I asked about donating them. I showed them to the optician, who took a look at them and said "You can donate them if you want, but that's an easy fix. I'll fix them right now if you want." I then told her the lenses need replacing. She said "No sweat, I'll replace the lenses free of charge so you can have a backup pair. Whatever you prefer." Now THAT is service.We drive from across town to come here and it's worth it. Very happy and we will be coming to Dr. Cohen as long as he is in business.
5	Dr. Cohen has been my doctor for several years. Efficient office with great people. Couldn't recommend them more highly.
5	Dr. Cohen is a fantastic Doctor who I'd highly recommend!! Checked my eyes and my contacts and made slight corrections to my contacts and I was on my way.
4	Very happy with Dr. Cohen so far.  Have only had two appointments. One for an eye exam. My prescription hadn't changed much and he let me decide if i wanted a new pair of glasses or to wait until there was more of a change. I appreciated that, since he could have told me that i needed a new pair.  second appointment was a couple of days ago.  I have been having a horrible time with allergies lately and my eyes were red, sore and itchy and needed some relief.  The office staff got me in, in an hour from my phone call.  Another appreciated gesture!  I have no reason not to continue to see Dr. Cohen.  I am anticipating many happy visits.
4	The Dr was very professional but down to earth and pleasant.  His assistant, Sherry seems to know EVERYTHING about the office and how everything works.  My last OD couldn't help me with a vision problem after 3 years.  He just kept saying, "That's your prescription.  I don't know why it's not working".  Dr Cohen promised he would not do that and seemed very sincere about it.  The fact that he didn't just shrug his shoulders made my day!
5	I have been very happy for the last 10 years with Dr. Cohen and his staff and I always look forward to seeing them every year for my eye exam.  Plus, he has a great selection of frames!  I highly recommend him!
5	This office is truly wonderful.  The staff is extremely knowledgeable.  Dr Cohen is very thorough!  Would highly recommend Dr My Eyes
5	Dr. Cohen and his staff at Doctor My Eyes are highly recommended! They are everything you would expect in a professional O.D. office, but there's more: Dr. Cohen has specialized training, beyond the average O.D., in that Dr. Cohen can easily test for ambient vision (different than focal vision) issues that can greatly contribute to learning disabilities and behavioral issues. If your child has trouble reading, writing, a learning disability, AD(H)D, Autism, or behavioral issues, then I HIGHLY recommend asking Dr. Cohen to test your child for ambient vision issues and whether your child could be a candidate for vision therapy. In my opinion, vision therapy is a highly effective but under utilized therapy option. After approximately 6 months of vision and handwriting therapy (with partnering therapists), my son's development increased very positively in virtually every area, including academically. To paraphrase Dr. Cohen, my son is "now a different child". Dr. Cohen has been a true blessing to my family!
5	Dr. Cohen is extremely professional, but also makes you feel very comfortable asking questions. He spends a lot of time with his patients and is truly concerned with their well being. My family and I have been coming here for years and always have a positive experience. His staff is very knowledgeable and attentive (and unlike most doctor's offices they actually answer the phone - every time!). I highly recommend Dr. Cohen to anyone!
5	This office is awesome.  The staff is so professional and Dr Cohen is thorough and takes his time to get to know you.  I highly recommend this office!
5	Dr. Cohen and his staff were wonderful. My eye exam was very thorough and professional. Dr. Cohen made me feel comfortable and appreciated. I had a lot of fun picking out new frames, the opticians were awesome.  My glasses were perfect and ready for me sooner than I had expected! I am so glad I found this office : )
5	Dr. Cohen & his staff are as good as it gets! The minute you walk through the door, you feel like you're visiting family. Dr, Cohen is so good! He's professional, knowledgable, & thorough. My daughter had years of bad prescriptions, glasses & advice. I thank god we found Dr. Cohen. She hasn't had 1 problem, since! We also love visiting with the entire staff. They make a routine, boring task, something to look forward to. I honestly wish we had to come more than once a year! I highly recommend Dr. Cohen to anyone in need of an eye care professional. He's as good as it gets!!!
5	You can't go wrong the entire staff is great. Office is comfortable and Dr. Cohen is very easy to talk with and explains everything. Going back and recommending to anyone who needs a great eye doctor.
5	Recently moved here from East coast... and that means ALL new doctors.  We are very happy with Dr. Cohen and his staff.  They are extremely accommodating and go out of their way to please.  This was a great match for us.
5	I can't say enough great things about Dr. Cohen and the staff at the office. They are amazing! They were friendly, patient and very helpful. Taking a child for their first exam/glasses can be anxiety filled, but they made it painless. I wear glasses and now will be switching to also be seen there. How I wish I had found him sooner. If you are in need of glasses, contacts or just an exam, don't go anywhere else. You've found the best!
5	Dr.Cohen was an amazing doctor. He found the problem and explained it to me in a way that made sense to a teenager. He found the problem really quick and was able to suggest a therapist to me that will suit my needs. We will definitely be going to see Dr. Cohen for all of our needs. His office staff was also really great! They were very friendly and inviting.
1	Please take time to compare his prices for exam and prescription eye glasses with Costo.  $180 compared to $59, and $280 compared to $69.  I did not use medical insurance at Costco.  Found it very upsetting when I went to each place and then compared the charges.  Would not recommend "Doctor My Eyes."
