4	So today was my last of a series of three photofacials at Millennium.  I bought the set @ Groupon and was frankly skeptical.  I mean could they really get rid of my scars and hyperpigmentation?  Well, happy to say YES THEY CAN.  It is a welcoming place right from when one walks in; the staff is attentive and caring. Annette is a miracle worker.  She spend time with me before my first treatment to discuss my 'trouble' spots and what I could expect from the photofacials.  She explained that my hyperpigmented spots would initially appear darker, almost coffee groundish, before fading.  She is very detail orientated and concerned with the clients comfort and getting each client the best possible results.  After my 2nd treatment my hyperpigmentation was almost gone as are my scars.  Today we worked on the fine lines by my eyes a bit also.  Can't wait to see how this all looks next week and am planning on going in for a light chemical peel next month.  A note of interest-Annette and her husband own this business. They are local and I love to support local businesses.  This isn't a big chain place, or a place owned by people who have several locations.  This is it and they work hard to make their clients happy.  Give it a try.  You won't be disappointed.
5	I went here for a VI Peel and left feeling great.  My skin just kept feeling more and more firm each day after treatment.  I could not believe how competent and relaxing the medical estatician made me feel.  The price was right and I intend to go back again for another treatment soon.
5	A med spa? Me? I wasn't really sure what a med spa was, not to mention why I would ever go to one.  However, my dermatologist suggested that a photo facial might help with some of the skin issues I was having.  I am so thankful my friend referred me to Annette at Millennium.  She explained everything to me before we began and, sensing that I was bit nervous, explained it all over again while she did the procedure. By the time I was finished, my skin was glowing and I was armed with so much information, I talked my family members into getting facials as well. I never knew there was so much to learn! I have NEVER experienced any discomfort during or after my facials.  The staff is experienced, professional, friendly and extremely talented. The office is very beautiful, clean and comfortable. Thank you Annette and all of the staff at Millennium for the wonderful service you provide. I also appreciate the SPECIALS you offer.
5	My daughter and I have been clients of Sarah's (Hale) for some time now and I have to say that she is not only AMAZING but simply the BEST!! We both received mini facials from her a couple of years ago and we have been coming to her ever since for eyebrow/eyelash tinting and waxing. She takes great pride in her work and each and every time we visit her, it's always such a relaxing and enjoyable experience. We will NEVER go to anyone else for our aesthetic needs - Love you Sarah!!
5	im barely getting around to a review but i had a procedure done here for the smart lipo a year ago. i was really skeptical bc it was basically an outpatient proceudre but it is the best investment i have ever made. i had a groupon for 1000 for my lower abdomen but decided to do upeer and flanks as well. I have a waist now! i have never been able to rid of that pesky belly fat but now that i have i am eternally greatful
