3	wow! i'm the first to review the "new" safeway! yay! i like this safeway a lot. the floral department has fresh flowers at bargain prices (10 stems of gladiolus for $3.99 anyone?). this store seems small to me, but they have a good selection. i think they are still figuring out what to stock. sometimes they just don't have what i'm looking for (unsalted peanuts for one). the produce is very fresh, and if you catch the right sales, cheap too.  lots of organic options in the produce section and beyond. i love the deli and bakery, which offer tons of fresh options. the staff, for the most part, is friendly and helpful, except for the crotchety old woman who recently accused me of stealing a bottle of water (yes, some customers really do bring water into the store from home!). i also saw the same woman accuse a teenager of stealing a bottle of water. though he was polite (albeit a bit miffed) and presented a receipt for the bottle of water he purchased she got a manager involved. it ensued into a ridiculous spectacle where in the end the young man was exonerated because the manager confirmed the time stamp on the receipt was correct. this particular location seems really focused on water theft. but, i digress. the grocery store part of this store really is great. some things need improvement. but don't they all? and i really do smile when i'm going here, unlike the dread i feel when i must visit the wal-mart across the freeway.the only real issue i have with this store (besides water theft accusations) is that they often forget to open the back entrance across from sandra day o'conner high school. they close it off until 3 on school days so the kiddos don't shortcut across the safeway parking lot. i've tried to use the back entrance at various hours from 4 pm - 10 pm and found the entrance closed. boo. it is the most convenient one!
4	since i'm here at least 3 times a week (and visited 4 times on christmas eve alone), i would say a review update is due. i have not been accused of water theft, nor seen anyone else accused of water theft since the incident with the teenager in my original review. that's positive. the back entrance is now permanently closed. that's a B I G negative. there are a number of items i buy on a regular basis that prices have permanently dropped on - another positive. the baking aisle doesn't have nearly the selection i need, but i'm guessing that's because of the small size of the store - another negative. floral, deli and meat departments continue to receive high marks from me. cheese selection is still awesome. and i love the tully's coffee stand. quickest cup of morning coffee by a landslide - sorry starbucks.
5	This is one of the newer life style Safeways! Very upscale feel with out the high cost! Store has organic products, cheese bar, pharmacy, full deli, full bakery, full meat and seafood counters, gelato bar, sandwich station, pizza Station, nut bar, very large wine department! This place has it all! I shop here all the time and this store has some of the most friendly employees! Always willing to sample products and they give great advise! If you get a chance, try the Pizza, Sandwiches or Gelato bar! The food is really great and much better then a fast food restaurant!
5	This place actually makes grocery shopping a pleasure.  The store is very clean, inviting, and well arranged.  A wide selection, maybe too much, of foods.  Crowd control is decent, compared to the Fry's down the road.  It is a little bit more $$$ than Fry's, but I think it is well worth it.  My produce and meat is always top notch.
4	Very clean with a good selection.  They seem to be the place to go if you are into freshly made peanut butter with a big variety (I have never had any of these peanut butters but I always notice the PB station when I am there),The one complaint I would have is that after 10PM they usually don't have many checkers (often times only 1) so you need to wait a little longer.
5	I love this Safeway.  Definitely one of the better ones.  The peanut butter station is awesome; my favorite is the honey roasted.  The cheese selection is crazy huge and they typically have a guy offering samples on the weekends. Best grocery in the immediate area!
2	I have been a loyal safeway cstomer for 23 years. Since moving to a diiferent part of the valley, I have not been as impressed with the new location. Primarily it is an evening crew that is apethetic. Last mothers day eve, my husband and I were shopping later into the night. By the time we got our almost 2 carts loaded, it was almost close. So they had ALL the full service registers closed! we ended up in the "self serve" processing 200.00 worth of groceries. To make it worse, there were several staff members standing nearby, just watching us like the mouth breathers they are.Tonight, my husband got the same treatment with much less groceries. they had closed ALL the registers a good half hour before closing. I may drive the extra 15 to go to Fry's now.
4	I keep coming back to this location for their fresh produce selection. Good selection of organic items, and they have Organic Kombucha that I  usually can only find in a Health Food store. I'm glad to have this Safeway in my neighborhood.
5	This is the nicest Safeway I have ever been to and I didn't even see the peanut butter station (I am absolutely in love with fresh honey peanut butter!) The bakery is fabulous. Great selection, sales prices, and fabulous taste. Bought items for a lecture event and it was a big hit!
2	I get upset often at this store. While the employees seem very nice and are always more than helpful. Over and over this store has many problems. Often I don't get the sale price on purchases and have to drive back since I don't catch it while they are ringing it up. Many times I've seen out of date products on the shelf and sometimes I accidentally purchase some of them. One time I went in to buy limes and all the limes had mold on them.(my picture is terrible and I couldn't capture all the mold)  I did speak to the manager about it and he said the limes were fine when you wipe the mold off and then he was at the limes wiping off the mold.YESTERDAY in the meat department they had large packs of beef with stickers on them that said 96% and I could tell just by looking at them that it wasn't. Then I noticed the price sticker said 80% I brought this to the attention to someone from the meat department and instead of fixing the packs he told me that the meat was OK. I don't think that's OK. Some people do have health issues and need to have the correct fat content.Sadly The near by Fry's is even worst and I haven't been there in over a year since I kept buying spoiled meat from them and that is why I can't give this place one star.
4	Nice, clean and very organized! I HEART you Safeway!
5	This is the nicest grocery store I have ever stepped foot in. They even have a gelato bar. All the employees bend over backward for you and are very courteous and friendly. I Wish the Safeway by my house were this nice.
4	The service at this Safeway is always great. Even my kids notice the difference if we shop elsewhere (esp. Albertson's)
5	My daughter wanted a nautical cake for my grandson's 1st birthday to match the party decor.  We checked with a popular local bakery and they wanted almost $140 for the cake.  Someone recommended Cherry at 35th & Happy Valley Safeway bakery.  We met with her, showed her the detailed picture of what we wanted and she told us she could make it.  Although we were nervous that it could be done to look like the picture, she did an AMAZING job decorating the cake.  It was identical to the picture (although she used buttercream instead of fondant) and was perfect in every way.  Her attention to detail was amazing.  In addition she arranged so that we could get the size cake we wanted in round although the size was larger than their norm.  In addition to the cake being decorated perfectly and matching our party decor, it tasted delicious.  Hands down cutest cake ever for first birthday.  Best decorated cake I've had in years and shockingly, only $25.00 (and served over 30 people).
3	This review is for the Safeway on Happy Valley Road.  While it's similar to the rest of the Safeway's in the Valley, it's a little newer, a little nicer.  This particular Safeway reminds me a little of AJ's, very clean, great produce, one of the better grocery store bakeries, their bread and bagels are terrific.  In fact if the review was soley on the bakery, I would give it five stars. Actually four stars as if you don't get there before 9 am on the weekends, no jalepeno/cheddar bagels for you-they haven't figured out how to replenish I guess.Anyway, alas, it's not just about the bakery.Phoenix is one of the most competitive grocery markets in the nation and Safeway refuses to keep up-probably why they just sold to Albertsons (who is making excellent progress after buying themselves back from Super-Valu).  The prices are just way out of line, almost like AJ's but without the high quality brands.  You can count on paying nearly double for identical produce as you'd find at Sprouts.  They are making a nice push with some of the Food Network offerings from Chef Marcella Valladolid (tortillas, chips, carna asada, etc)  but it may be a little to late.  Most of the private label offerings are bland and again, overpriced.  The service is a little hit and miss.  Per their company directive, they thank you by name when you check out (it's linked to your rewards card) which is nice except when they mispronouce your name.  Hasn't happened to me but I witnessed it happen once and the guy threw a fit-quite embarrassing for everyone involved.  This is a great location and the store is beautiful, if you can cherry pick the ads and don't mind paying more for the essentials, check it out.
5	Really clean, helpful friendly staff, well organized. They have the best sushi lady there! Omg if your into sushi check it out. Also, amazing bakery!!!! We go there every cheat day and pig out.
