5	Very professional & polite. That's a hard thing to find bundled together in this town. He was thorough and did not rush through the call. He was receptive to my concerns and took his time to explain each finding to me. Excellent customer service. I will call this company again!
5	Professional and polite.  Had a blown a/c fuse.  Didn't just replace the fuse and go away, checked current draw to verify things were operating properly.
5	We were recommended to American Home Mechanical through our home warranty company. They had first referred us to a different A/C company, but when that company called me back (actually, they didn't, after being told that they would call me between 8-11 to set up a service appointment, I had to call them back!) they were not able to see us unit Monday morning! This was on a Friday and we had been without air since Thursday night!  This is Las Vegas in the middle of summer! Anyhow...our warranty company contacted American Home Mechanical and they agreed to come out THAT night between 7 and 9!! How awesome is that? Anthony arrived within the specified times after giving us a head's up call.  He checked out our unit, immediately diagnosed the problem, fixed it, checked to make sure all was working well and was off to his NEXT customer.  I highly recommend this company!
5	If I could leave 10 stars I would! My air conditioning went out on a Saturday at 5pm. Having a 3 year old & a 1 year o!d I needed a cool home fast. I called home warranty & they gave me to some joke of a company that I was supposed to hear from within 8 hours. When 1 am rolled around I called home warranty back & after 20 minutes on hold told me someone would be coming out. I should expect a phone call shortly. Thinking a phone call would come I would just ask to see if they could come sometime soon, I just needed to know I had an appt SOON. Well 1:30 am here is my superhero savior. I felt bad making him wait at the door an extra minute but I was naked...hey, it was 90 in my house!! He beat the shops phone call from a very perky (it is 1:30am) woman by 10 minutes, WOW!!! I am still amazed at the service that early/late. By 2:30am my air was working and I was in tears I was so happy. What a great, honest company. I am so thankful for them. Great communication & I mean truly, 1:30 am people! The other company couldn't even answer their phone & their voicemail was full. Do yourself a favor & ONLY deal with this company for your service needs!!! (Don't worry, I tipped my superhero.)
5	I had a similar experience like other reviewers. It is refreshing to find a company that actually means business and does it right. I got them through my home warranty company which typically deals with subpar providers. AHM is a surprising exception. Would definitely ask for them next time something happens.
