5	Love Love Love this salon. Immediately when you walk into the door, you feel like you have known these people for a long time. They seem like all close friends. Good environment to relax and get your hair, makeup or nails done! (And don't forget the skin care they do here too). I will never go to another salon to get my hair cut/colored. They all do a fantastic job!  I always walk out of there feeling like a million bucks but I'm not paying a fortune! Also, just recently, I had my entire wedding party get their makeup and hair done for my wedding there. We all got in to each stylist around the same time, so it was really quick. And my gosh, everyone looked amazing! And the makeup looks stunning. Not to mention the false eyelashes we all got. Very classy (super surprised too b/c it was my first time with fake eyelashes on). I live in Phoenix but will make the trip up to Anthem just for the service and quality!
1	Today was my second experience with this salon and it was probably the worst customer service I have experienced in a salon, ever. I am not even going to go into all of it, but the worst of it was that the receptionist had to shampoo me and blow-dry my hair while the stylist fit in her friend. The stylist never even came to check how the color turned out. I left with damp, unstyled hair, needing toner and a cut (which I was scheduled for). I am just so surprised. I better find a new salon to fix this fast!Hello, this is AZ, there are tons of awesome salons! Do yourself a favor and skip this place - they won't care anyways.
5	I've been searching for a stylist since my usual stylist left almost a year ago from Anthem.  I called in and got scheduled in with Lisa the same day.  Lisa is great - not only did she fix some nasty "oops" cutting issues with my trying to find a person to do my hair, but she also redid my highlights so they look amazing.  She does an awesome job and my highlights don't fade out to the straw-color they were notorious for fading too.  I have found my stylist!
5	Their staff is extremely professional, fun and talented!  I have used them for numerous occasions on top of my normal routine and they always come through and make me feel beautiful!  I love the lash extensions that Tina does, Kellie does amazing nails and Cindy Maxwell does my hair color and brazillian blowout.  Love them all!
5	Great atmosphere and wonderful services!
5	I love this place. I always have a wonderful experience here. Everyone is friendly and makes me feel at home.
5	JJ is great!  My hair is difficult-to say the least-and from the first cut, she knew what to do w/ my myriad of cowlicks, curls and fine hair.  What a relief.
