5	This is technically my building. To explain, I'm a law student and this imposing presence on Nicolson Street is the home of Edinburgh University's law department!As some of our buildings can't really be called architectural contributions to society, Old College is a real gem and I was quite proud it would be my main area of study. I was very mistaken, and must have attended a mere 20% of my lectures and tutorials in there! It's seems to be a popular site, as on many occasions I've spotted a tourist or two reading the information sheet at the  entrance! It's just so wonderfully grand, and has quite a large open courtyard in the centre with benches for lazingand contemplating legal statutes (pssh...) However, the interior definitely has two faces to it.The teaching rooms and professors offices aren't that much to write home about, but then you venture over to the Playfair library which certainly matches the building's exterior and more!Worth a visit, and don't forget to take a look at the naked golden man at the very top of the building!
4	Some years ago, when I was considering becoming a student at the University of Edinburgh, I remember being dazzled in the prospectus by glossy photographs of magnificent quadrangles, ancient libraries, and walkways adjoined by rows of impressive granite columns.  "It really is the Athens of the north," I thought, and promptly completed my application.Little did I know that I would spend most of my university career on the 12th floor of a concrete tower block on the corner of George Square, holed up in the 1960s architectural travesty that is the main library, or frantically typing essays in an underground computer lab commonly known as 'the bunker.'However, those enticing images in the university brochure were not complete fabrication - such elegant structures do exist in the university's extensive property holdings, and Old College is one of the most impressive.  Dating from the 18th century, it is built on a grander scale than its spin-off, New College, with a conspicuous dome, arched facades and balustrades built around a wide open courtyard, all very imposing in Edinburgh's trademark grey stone.Today, only a privileged few law students actually get to come and have classes here.  But I often make excuses to walk through Old College, just to briefly admire the sweeping scale of the place and delude myself that being a student at Edinburgh really does involve inhabiting such majestic environs on a daily basis.
4	Old College is one of the University of Edinburgh's most recognisable colleges. I'm not a Law student so I can't comment on the actual department, but I can say a few things about the building, an impressive landmark that can easily be seen by visitors as its right in the middle of town, not far from the Royal Mile.Located just up from South Bridge, Old College houses the University of Edinburgh School of Law, and the Talbot Rice Gallery (look out for a separate review for this). Originally it was called the "New College", but it got on a bit so was renamed. Actually New College now refers to the Divinity department on the Mound. The building designed by the famous architect Robert Adam. Apparently the recognisable dome that sits atop the building was actually added a hundred years after the building began construction in the late 1700s.A great display of 18th century architecture and perfectly free to gaze  upon!
4	This is one of the trademark building of the University of Edinburgh and I think it looks great and is one of the distinguishing features of Edinburgh Old Town. The Old College building looks a lot more like how I see traditional university building to look like rather than the rather ugly buildings of Appleton and David Hume.Although I am not in the Law department I did choose criminology for one of my elective courses in the first year and so I did have to come to Old College for my tutorials. The place is a bit of a maze when you are looking to find a specific room and although I left on time to get to my first tutorial there, I had not counted on looking for the room for 10 minutes and was therefore late, but so was a few others for the same reason.
4	Old College is the kind of building that makes me actually want to study Law. Because Old College is where all the cool kids hang, and by cool kids I mean the law students. I mean, this has never properly manifested. Because there's no way I could possibly study that hard, but it becomes tempting every time I go into that building. Though it seems that I only really go there whenever I have unpleasant things, like telling Registry that I am still a student and don't seem to understand why they seem to have kicked me out (just a case of miscommunication). Or to do an exam in the Playfair Library (very distracting with all the busts of dead people strewn around the room). It really is a beautiful building. If only the University cared that much about humanities students...
4	A city landmark... The Enlightenment centre...History buff's must...
3	Festival veterans will recall some of the large scale, open air performances that used to take place at the quad of Old College: a rave version of Romeo and Juliet (or was it Cinderella?) with flame throwers and scrambling bikes, an atmospheric Tempest where the audience themselves were the island, and multiple grand shows that would fill this vast space. No more though, I suspect, for what was once a sloping car park of gravel and dust is now a green lawn both level and true. The university has put in plenty of time and investment to create a space that is both open and secluded, a focal point for the various august activities of so established an institution. Heavy stone surrounds it, but the buildings are set back, elevated, and a calming backdrop to the space itself. With the grand arches of its entrance at one end, the sombre frieze of the university's war memorial at the other, there is much to catch the eye. Add to this the splendour of the Playfair Library and the Talbot Rice Gallery though the doors on its southern side and this is one of central Edinburgh's most charming and appealing venues - for lunch or flame throwers.
4	Knowledge renaissance...The dome for city reference...A Uni crown jewel.
