5	Thank goodness for Sue at Mill Avenue Travel. We contacted Sue to book our honeymoon trip to St. Lucia at one of the Sandals resort.  She was great with setting everything up, booking airfare etc.  When our original airfare decided to cancel the flight, she made sure we had a comparable one booked.  The best thing she did for us was encourage us to purchase travel insurance.  When we arrived at our Miami hotel at 10:30pm the night prior to leaving for St. Lucia, we had discovered Sue had left us an urgent note to contact her.  We found out a hurricane had hit St. Lucia and all of a sudden our honeymoon plans starting crumbling apart.  Because of Sue and our travel insurance (thank goodness we listened to the expert on this one!), we were able to change our honeymoon to a Sandals resort in the Bahamas and didn't miss a beat.  Sue was in constant contact with us, which calmed the craziness I was feeling (and I'm sure my new husband was relieved).  The airlines even took care of our baggage fees on the way to the Bahamas.  If we had booked this trip on our own, we would have been up a creek without a paddle.  I most definitely would not have purchased travel insurance and our honeymoon would not have turned out to be the amazing trip it was. We will definitely be using Sue again.
4	Like Amy S. I'm a big fan of Sue. She has helped me book several trips over the years - Christmas in Hawaii, cruise to Alaska, volcanoes in Costa Rica. Most recently, she went to bat for us to arrange a trip to Argentina. She's never been there but did her homework to figure out the best options and has a wonderful resource for booking packages throughout Latin America.Sue also knows that I don't like to have every minute scheduled. She is very good about recommending a mix of those don't-miss attractions and still letting me have a good amount of time to explore on my own. And, she doesn't quite until the job is done. More than once she's had to call me after the office has closed to fill in some piece of info I managed to leave off my registration form. You can do a lot of research and booking on your own. But when it comes to a new adventure in a country I've never visited before, it's nice to have someone like Sue in your corner.
5	I have been a client of Mill Avenue Travel and Sue for nearly twenty years. The level of service, creativity and ability to find the best deals has kept me coming back.  I have used Mill Avenue for business travel as well as personal and the professionalism, personal touch and reliability has paid off so many times.  Recently my husband and I decided to start checking off our "must see" vacations.  We have always been independent travelers, making our own plans and going by the seat of our pants.  Definitely not "tour group" material.  Sue suggested to us that we consider personalized tours when we went to Machu Picchu and Eygpt -- that meant we had all the benefits of being on a tour, but the tour group was comprised of only the two of us, a drive and a guide. It was amazing on both accounts and less expensive than booking with a tour company and being hauled onto a bus with 20 or 40 others.  Sue and Leah understand our needs, preferences and desires, so you don't have to reinvent the wheel each time.My most recent inquiry was on behalf of a bereaved family member who needed to get home on short notice for Christmas this year.  I had shopped the Internet, as you do, to get a feeling for the cost.  I called Mill Avenue and they were able to find a better fare at a more reasonable time.  It was amazing and greatly appreciated.Using a travel agent actually can save you money more often than not in these Internet driven times.  If you have travel needs, give Mill Avenue a try. You won't be disappointed.
5	Sue and Leah of Mill Avenue Travel have worked with me for over 20 years and have help me log over 2 million miles of air travel visiting I think nearly to 35 or 40 countries.   They have helped me deal with travel disruptions from 2 volcanic eruptions, countless hurricanes, several freak weather incidents in Europe, travel to places none of us can pronounce, as well as found some of the most unique accommodations I have ever stayed. My favorite was the bed and breakfast in a Tug Boat on Lake Union in Seattle.Lostpedia.com and cheapflights&stormdoorco.com are for the penny wise and pound-foolish.   Anyone who is traveling any distance for business or leisure needs pros that know what they are doing and not just surfing and hoping. When you are traveling and you are looking for cheap and cheerful, you usually end up with something that is neither.Next time your flight is sitting on a tarmac and you cannot find a gate and you are about to miss a connection - you can call Sue or Leah and they can fix what event he airline cannot find - I know they have done this for me more than once. Just try calling Lostpedia for help?   If it sounds like a commercial - excuse me, it should be a testimonial to a good company and tow very real people who know what they are doing.
5	I've never used a travel agent since I hadn't really seen the purpose before and I've planned several large trips. Things have been busy at work lately, so I decided I would enlist the help of my Mill Avenue neighbor in Sue from Mill Avenue Travel for booking my honeymoon.She was fantastic. I was always convinced that I could do "just as well" or perhaps even cheaper without a travel agent, but this trip dispelled me of that notion pretty completely. While Sue's prices were typically exactly what I was finding myself, she was able to assist us with upgrades to the hotel and airfare that I would've been helpless to manage otherwise.The only thing we paid her directly for was to have her book our airfare, and that was only $35 per person. She managed the entire booking and was also able to find us a fantastic hotel in Buenos Aires in the perfect part of town--a boutique hotel, picking up on the fact that we aren't the typical five-star-touristy-hotel type.Sue was genuinely excited for us and for our trip, and worked with the cruise line to ensure we got all of our on-board credit after I noticed we had some missing. Overall, Sue made the trip planning process a great deal easier and it was well worth it to use her services. If you have a trip of any complexity at all, I'd highly recommend her. She's on top of things every step of the way and it simply feels like you have an ally in the travel arrangement process.
5	All of my best vacations were booked by Sue Doyle at Mill Ave Travel, now Your Travel Center.  The first trip was to Hawaii with my family and everything was perfect, Sue has a knack for picking hotels and booking tours. My children and I traveled to Rome and stayed in a hotel close to the Opera house that was perfect for me an two teenagers.One of the best things about booking with Sue is that if I ever have trouble while on a trip, she is there to help me. Expedia, other online booking sites and the airlines are nowhere to be found if you have a problem while on your trip. I had to get home quickly from Nairobi when I had problems with my business here in Phoenix, and Sue and her staff were able to get me back with out much extra cost and without the usual problems. I always know that I can count on her if a problem arises while on a trip.I would never book an overseas trip or any kind of vacation without Sue!
5	My wife and I wanted to plan an amazing honeymoon, and we knew we wanted to travel, but we couldn't decide between Europe and Australia, and didn't know exactly what we wanted to do.Enter Sue Doyle.Sue was able to help us decide between the two locations (Australia), and was even able to somehow reduce the cost of our trip while actually *adding* a stop in Fiji!  The hotels she put us in were top notch and in great locations (right on the beach in Fiji, and right near the fun, young areas in Sydney, within walking distance of the harbor).  She helped us book the tours we were interested in, and didn't try to push any additional expenses on us.  She even took the extra time to take input from past travelers to steer us away from excursions that didn't get the best reviews.We had a phenomenal time on our honeymoon, and wouldn't hesitate to go to Sue Doyle at Mill Avenue Travel for future travel needs.
5	Sue helped us plan and book our honeymoon to Belize and it was fantastic! We came in to her office with a budget and no idea where to go and she helped us narrow it down and find great hotels and activities. We were so busy planning our wedding and moving across the country so we put all of our trust in Sue and everything was great. I would highly recommend her!!
1	Called on March 17 to start the process on planning a vacation to Scandinavia.  We discussed getting information about airfare, hotels, touring fjords in Norway, and getting between Oslo, Copenhagen, Stockholm, and Helsinki.  Sue told me that she wouldn't be able to start working on it until the next day.  By March 19, I still had not heard anything, so I called her and was told she had "just" started working on it.  Finally got an e-mail from her on March 21 with airfare and basic hotel information.  I e-mailed her back on March 22 to ask about the information regarding the other things we had talked about (touring fjords and getting between the cities) and still have not heard from her, four days later.It has now been over a week, and I still haven't been able to plan a vacation through them.  Communication has been terrible-to-non-existent.
5	Long, long ago, before internet and Yelp, I first came across Mill Avenue Travel and Sue Doyle.  She booked my flights for my first trip to Europe.  I was happy with the help and advice she gave me, and for as long as I lived in the Tempe area, I continued to contact Sue when I needed flights.  I'll spare you the details about those wonderful years and the great service I got from Sue.Years pass by and I'm living and working in Saudi Arabia.  When trying to find a hotel in Hong Kong proved so convoluted (just try to do this by phone from Riyadh!) that I gave up and made a panicky phone call to Mill Avenue Travel.  Sue wasn't available (woe), but her intrepid staff booked a hotel for me that was reasonably priced and exceeded my expectations!  Cut to the chase - now I'm living in Tucson and trying to find a reasonably priced non-big-chain hotel or non-weed-smelling hostel in Amsterdam.  Again, I threw up my hands in confusion and frustration, emailed Sue Doyle, and she quickly finds a promising hotel that didn't cost the moon!   Weeks pass by, I've returned from my trip, and the hotel proved to be delightful!  Again Sue Doyle and Mill Avenue Travel have met and exceeded my needs!   I hope she never retires!
4	We had a wonderful 15 day tour to Turkey with Mill Avenue Travel. It was our first experience taking a tour, as we usually travel on our own. The group was small 7 including our 3. The hotels and meals exceeded our expectations. The tour guide and driver were super! We saw about 20+ sites museums, mosques, churches, archaeological. Overall, it was very good and we highly recommend Mill Avenue Travel.
