3	La Sirena (stands for the Mermaid) is a place a co-worker and I stumbled upon for lunch. It's an a heavily Hispanic populated area, so the choices are endless for Mexican food. The question I always have is do I venture away from the mainstream. Of course. I had the lunch special that came with three small carne asada tacos, rice and beans. It wasn't bad. The price was cheap $4.50. The carne asada was overcooked a tad, the beans were the worst. It looked like poo-poo. The salsa was nice and spicy though just the way I like it. Not a bad place to come to if you need a quick filler upper and you're on this side of town.
5	this place is awesome. let me start by saying i am mexican from los angeles who loves and appreciates great mexican food. i like most mexicans perfer spicy food or seafood for a hangover cure. so about four years ago i decided to find the perfect spot. i asked a few latino workers who work at the casinos. quite a few recommend this place.boy was i impressed. the menu is very large. great breakfast and mexican dinners. i perfer to stick with the seafood. the have great ceviche and shrimp cocktails.also i recommend the perfect hangover cure ,the micheladas and camarones en agua chile. the micheladas are basically beef with chili and tomato juice with lime. camarones agua chile are raw shrimp cooked in a spicy lime juice. these two things will really wake you up. when ever i am in las vegas i make sure to stop by. viva la sirena
1	Went to this restaurant on Saturday, January 29, 2011 at 6:45 p.m. Should have known from the moment we walked in this restaurant was a bust. We were the only two people in there, there were 3 servers and who I would guess was the cook sitting at a booth. The waitress came and took our order, we both ordered ice tea to drink, when the ice tea arrived at our table the lime was dry and shriveled up (obviously old) I ordered the Cameron empanizados (Breaded Shrimp) He ordered the seafood cocktail. When the shrimp arrived it was an obviously frozen prepared food that I could have bought at my local market and cooked at home. His seafood cocktail had imitation crab, 2 pieces of octopus, 1 shrimp and assorted cucumbers and a couple of unidentified pieces of veggies, our bill was $43.00. We left leaving full plates of food, what a disappointment. Very Bad Food!
