1	I have once, in 6 years, received good service here. Usually it's adequate to poor. The last time I complained to the manager on duty about the 'terrible' service, she brushed me off & handed me a coupon that another customer had just redeemed. I noticed later that it expired the very next day. The apathy evident in the employees can't be their fault... they're only copying their manager.The food is the standard IHOP fare, pancakes, french toast, eggs, etc... nothing to write home about. I'd happily never grace their premises with my presence again, except my son loves the chocolate funny face pancakes.Grit your teeth as you pass through the door, and be prepared to wait. Hopefully they'll get your order correct the first time, and your drinks won't sit empty for 15 minutes or more.
1	IHOP is barely a step up from Denny's in terms of boring chain food. Last night was the first time I ever had dinner there, and it tasted like squishy, mushy cardboard. The food took forever even though there were only three tables in the place with customers.The reason I gave it two stars instead of you is because the breakfasts are pretty good. I don't mind them except the omlettes which are way too oily. The coffee is almost bad, but the waitresses always look happy.[update April 2, 2011]Why'd I go back? I hate this place now. We went today for the first time we have all had a chance to go out together for breakfast. I was excited to do this and was eager. I should've stayed home.My wife got a waffle with her combo that was cold, tasted like cardboard, and was crunchy. The bacon my wife and child ordered was burnt, crispy and did not look like bacon at all.My sausage (I always upgrade to turkey sausage since the regular pork kid here is vomit worth) was totally cold. I sent it back and complained. I think she microwaved my plate. Their coffee is always burnt so I got an iced coffee. She said they had Mocha, Vanilla, or Hazelnut. I asked if they just had a regular coffee flavored one... she said yes, and brought me disgusting hazelnut (glad I'm not allergic!!)Ok now it's three hours later. My daughter laid on the floor whining about how bad her stomach hurts, I've been to the bathroom twice and my wife is asleep because she said if she didn't lay down, she would puke. Seriously.The management (district managers) really need to care enough to read YELP.  They remodeled the outside of this place and, I guess, spent all their money to make it look pretty so we'd forget they serve dogfood.
1	Worst service ever, it took like 45 minutes to get our food after we ordered. And the order didn't even come out correctly. It took us about 20 minutes just to order. This place was just remodeled, so you think the service would have been a little better.
1	Don't waste your time. We came here trying to get a quick bite to eat after a concert and we waited what seemed like several minutes up front despite there were only two tables of customers in the whole restaurant. Finally the hostess shows up with no apology, a look of distaste on her face and I know they knew we were there because the door chimes in the back for them to know they have customers in front. But I gave her my two cents before I left out the door to go to Denny's instead. Did we really expect good service after that? I think not.
2	I used to go here all the time but then they dropped a bomb an discontinued one of my favorite plates..... The International Club. I thought all restaurants like these had at least one version of a club on their menu but that doesn't seem to be the case here anymore. Aren't club sandwiches a staple food for diners? Oh well :(They did remodel the whole restaurant awhile back but I haven't been back since the so called "Improvements."
2	I've been limbo-ing between giving this IHOP a 1 or a 2.  I chose 2 and here's why:If you're starving and want something fast, don't come here.  This place has absolutely horrible service.  Being that it's half a mile away from my house, I always find myself at the oddest hours.  One can say that since I come here after midnight, there's bound to be less staff.  That's fine.  But there's always plenty of customers waiting to be served.  The food is standard IHOP grub although I don't recommend that yogurt and fruit plate.  Pink Pepto Bismo-ish yogurt is a big no.
4	Me and my family eat here once a month. We have always had pretty good service. Sometimes I have to ask for a refill, but that's ok. I am not expecting a waitress at my table every 5 minutes. Just want them on the floor when I need to flag them. They always give me a to go cup of coffee when I ask and I have never had a problem.
3	It's a chain and great place to get a pancake fix but my favorite menu item is their sirloin tips with scrambles eggs.  You haven't lived until try them.  The service is what is to be expected from a busy restaurant.  I would like to personally thank Viola who took care of us today.  Our waiter apparently forgot us this morning and she took great care of us.  I made my husband tip her more because of it... And she was training someone too.  Ask to sit in Viola's or Amanda's section if you go in the morning.  Both are awesome waitresses and care about the customers!
4	It's iHop, what can you really say? Delicous buttermilk pancakes and all sorts of fatty crappy breakfast foods yhou know you shouldn't eat but do anyway. On the plus side they do now have some fit menu items for under 600 calories that are quite good.
3	I am not going to write a flowery review about IHOP, you know what you're getting...it's friggin' IHOP.But, I will say it's always going to hit the spot when you need some golden buttery hash browns and light, tangy crepes at 3am (or 8am, for that matter).
1	Ok, yes it's IHOP.  I don't expect 5 star quality food.  I do however, expect my food served to me hot and with the rest of the group I was with.If you are in a hurry, don't waste your time.  The service here is slow and they never check back to make sure the food is right.  Having to chase down your server is never a plus.If you want a special order, forget it.  And make sure whatever sauce you order is the right one.  I'm highly allergic to green peppers and when we ordered Mozzarella Sticks, our brilliant server brought salsa instead of marinara sauce and I had an allergic reaction.  The waiter and manager on duty didn't feel the need to offer me anything and then I had to rush out and get allergy meds and come back to get the rest of my group.  They never even asked if I was ok or offered me anything, not even a glass of water.Why I made the mistake of going back here, I don't know but it is close to where I live so we stopped.  I got cold eggs, hash browns, bacon and pancakes.  The pancakes wouldn't even melt the butter.  I had waited over 45 mins for my food and then when I found it cold, I boxed it up so I could get home.  The manager then announced to my group that they do not give separate checks anymore after midnight (a new rule to us since we used to go there every Friday night after karaoke) and that this rule had been in effect for "years."  The manager then asked if my food was alright, and by this time I had enough.  I flat out told her no, that my food was cold and asked her if she wanted to feel it.  She asked me if I wanted them to fix me a new plate and I said no because I didn't have another hour to wait for it.  I haven't been back since.  I really don't recommend this IHOP as it's not up to the usual IHOP standards.  I love IHOP, just not this franchise.
1	Worst IHOP in the state of Arizona!!!! If you want to eat food with HAIR in it and deal with a rude incompetent mgr....then this is the place for you. I'm DONE!
3	IHOP seems to be one of the go to places for us when we are looking for something cheap for dinner. The kids think having breakfast for dinner is the coolest thing ever (they eat free 4-10pm so that's a bonus) and IHOP is one of those places that you know what you are going to get.This was our first time at this location. We came on Sunday, early dinner time, and it was fairly empty. There was a large party already seated, but other than that there weren't many people there.Our server was friendly, and when our food took longer than normal (because of the huge party ahead of us and only one cook) she was super apologetic and even gave the kids free yogurt and didn't charge for the kid drinks.I ordered the patty melt...weird choice in a breakfast joint but it sounded good. I don't like rye so I asked for sourdough. I wish I was told that the burger didn't fit the shape of the bread. Little patty, huge pieces of bread. The onion rings were good and hot. The fries weren't great. My husband got your normal two egg breakfast. One daughter got the Rooty Jr but didn't like the pancake, the other daughter got the chicken strips with fruit. Our server threw in an extra chicken strip and my daughter ate all of them but hardly touched the fruit (I don't blame her...it looked gross).While we were waiting there was another server who was "babysitting" a little girl (probably not even 2 years old) that was running all over the place and getting in the way. You could tell the employees were annoyed. From what I'm guessing, the mom works there, in the back (bookkeeping maybe?) and had to get some work done so she stuck one of the girls not doing much with her child. Super professional (*eye roll*).I wish I could remember our servers name because she was on top of everything, communicated well, and was all round awesome.
5	The customer service was great and our waiter was very fast and nice. As an added bonus they give you drinks to go.
4	its packed.... waiting was the only bad thing but its understandable (: food was too good service was friendlyagain the food was AMAZING!!ill be back!!
4	This is a good IHOP location. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The dining area is nice and clean, and the tables were clean and comfortable. The service was slow, but otherwise they were very good.
5	This place is always packed on Sundays, and for good reason:  Its good breakfast fare at a reasonable price.  The service is always good here, and today was no exception.  Our waitress was nice and checked back often.  Our food was delivered timely and was hot. Wanting to try something new, I had the Bananas Foster French Toast.  Its 2 big slices of brioche dipped in a delicious egg batter and topped with a caramel sauce, whipped cream and of course,bananas...Wow.  Perfect for that Sunday morning sweet tooth.  It came with 2 eggs and hash brows, and I ordered mine sunny-side up. They were cooked perfectly, and the hash browns were nice and crispy.  IHOP is great for what it is, a great chain restaurant with good food and a fun family atmosphere.
5	Our morning started with a splash!  Our poor waitress was embarrassed because she spilt our drinks. We reassured her that all was fine. We were quickly moved to another table and fresh drinks were brought out.  Hubby and I were there with our daughter and her sleepover friend.  We all enjoyed our meals and even had leftovers!  Hubby had the Bananas Foster French Toast combo. I snuck a taste of the sauce,  Oh Wow Caramel delight! Daughter's friend had Cheesecake pancakes with Strawberry and pronounced them as super yummy! I ordered the Spinach omelet with hollandaise. Delicious!!! Daughter got the Chicken Florentine crepes.  She absolutely raved about them!  We are NEVER disappointed when we go here.  Service is always wonderful even with a minor accident  :) The food is always more than enough for a great price.   We have made this our sleepover tradition! Gotta go now... my Harvest Grain and Nut pancakes with Butter Pecan syrup are calling my name!! { I always order these to go, because I cannot resist them} !
1	Giving a one star rating becauseIt's 10am and we sat down at 930amIt's eggs and pancakes not steak and lobster. What the heck is taking so long??The restaurant is only half full too.Glad it wasn't full.Very disappointed.
4	Went there for a late coffee and sundae with a friend. Although there was only 1 waitress for the entire late night shift, we felt attended to throughout the meal. Also, keeping in mind it was IHOP, the filter coffee and sundae were great!
3	Long overdue updated review:  I must admit that I have a weird tendency of eating late at night due to being a waitress myself.  Dinner for me is usually after 9PM, 8PM if I'm lucky.  Even on my off-days, I find myself more hungry around 9ish.  My whole schedule is set back but in fairness, I don't usually sleep until around 3-4AM.    Anyways, I always seem to pop into IHOP with the lovely Ann R.  Brett B., the one after my crown, always seems to be in when I'm not around.  Funny, that kid!  I've been frequenting this place since 2010 when The Mister and I bought our house in the area.  Service was rough the first couple of years but after a while, they've seem to picked up momentum, hired more staff for the midnight crew, and renovated the place.  IHOP has really stepped up their game!  Food is standard with all other IHOPs.  Their Peaches & Cream Brioche French Toast is my go-to.  The only reason service here gets pretty awful at times is when their teen-aged staffing calls off work and leaves them high and dry.  It gets chilly in here so if you get cold easily, bring a light jacket or something.Here's a tip straight from our waitress:  If you're ever at the counter and the staff isn't around, open the front door.  It alarms and chimes in the back and someone will be out shortly.  Just don't be a dick about it.
1	The worst service I have ever had. Even at ihop, I expect a table check, and a refill on water. And when we went to pay, we had to wait even longer because there was no server up front to seat or check customers out. I don't expect the best food or service at ihop, I mean come on! Just look up and see what customers are doing. The restaurant was dirty and they just kept slowly working on tasks instead of food and service and customers. Never going back to this location.
3	This is the busiest I have ever seen an IHOP ever! Surprisingly,  the service was great.  Our server Stephenie was awesome... Attentive and did everything she said she would do. The food on the other hand left much to be desired. The temp was like it had been sitting,  the portion size was mini and it wasn't prepared how I wanted. Like I said,  it was uber busy.  Maybe next time I can offer a better review.
