4	Canton Wong 3 has the best delivery Chinese food I have ever had.I have had the family bean curd, ma po tofu, egg fried rice, veggie chow mein and the veggie egg rolls.They have never messed up my order, normally take about 45 minutes, and the drivers are always nice.They take CC over the phone and they ask for your ID when you get there to make sure its your card. Good fraud protection :)They leave you with coupons, and the food is already reasonably priced.Only complaint is they are closed Monday and I think they close at 9, so if I want late night eats I have to go somewhere else.
4	Four stars with a caveat, DO NOT ACTUALLY GO TO THE RESTURAUNT,---ONLY ORDER BY PHONE!  Inside is way nasty, it's old, kinda dirty, with an old man sleeping in a chair in the next room, etc. etc.Food was very fresh, full of vegetables and the chicken and shrimp were both better than PF Changs, IMHO.  I'll order by phone next time and forget that I ever went inside that place.
4	Sorry Mr. Matthew But i had to go inside to order. And i agree with you on the Nastyness. Didnt see the old man there sleeping but it was a mess in there. But they make up for the great tasty food. I got the Sweet and Sour chicken dinner combination. With that i got a WonTon soup and some BBQ pork ribs, all was tasty and good. I got a menu to go so ill be ordering delivery next time and it will be soon. Ill be trying out some of their other items too. By the way there is a .30 cent charge if you use your credit or debit. Ching cho min cha. LOL
5	there food is aalways fresh i have been comming here since i can remember they have  just gotten new managers and everything seems awesome the price range is awesome thier redoing the inside great thieft protection the best food better than pei wei
2	Two stars is generous considering what was delivered tonight. I have had worse, but not often. The food was sub-standard by any evaluation, and almost an hour late to boot. The Kung Pao shrimp was wimpy. Likewise the Chicken in Garlic Sauce, contaminated with green bell peppers that we specifically requested be omitted. Seldom have I tasted blander Chinese food. The cook on duty tonight was simply incompetent.Supposedly they're "under new management." This is probably a BAD thing.To be fair, I grew up with very good Hunan & Yunan style Chinese food. I am spoiled. I do know the differences among good, mediocre, and lousy. To call this mediocre is generous.
1	Very disappointed! Ordered delivery, food was cold and bland.  Worst general TSO chicken ever tasted.
1	I tried to order to go from this place. The phone rang and rang and rang, when someone finally did pick up they put me on hold until the line disconnected. I called back and had the exact same thing happen. We figured they were just busy and decided to drive there to get to go. There was only ONE car in the parking lot. And the place looked like a total dump, like cockroaches in the kitchen dump. Forget this place. There is no excuse for not taking a phone order when there is no one in your restaurant.
3	I'd have to say this place is mediocre at best. Sesame chicken, kung pao chicken, and egg fried rice... I give all 2 stars, mostly because they really didn't have much flavor. Honestly it was probably the worst sesame chicken I've ever had but it was edible with some doctoring up. It was also pretty over priced for the quality. The 3rd star is just because they deliver, that's always a plus.
1	This is a must read! Ok, food was actually good, but one star for one of the worst customer service experiences I have ever had.  I read all the yelp reviews and wanted to give this place a chance, so I did and won't do it again. Please, please, please don't go here. I called in an order to pick up, the guy couldn't understand me and said 5-7 minutes. Drove over there, clarified my order (which he had wrong) and waited. Apparently they were short staffed so the "waitress" was doing a delivery. After waiting 10-15 more minutes I gave him a credit card, he said he didn't know how to work the machine, so I patiently waited for the "waitress" aka delivery lady to come back.   This is where it gets good, she charges me a wrong amount, less, but I didn't notice and just wanted to get out of there. So I generously tip them out of guilt and then get a call from them asking for my credit card because she didn't charge me for everything. I explained I wasn't driving back there, she asked for my CC over the phone and refused. I felt their service was horrible and it was their mistake. Had I not wasted 20+ minutes there (as my food got cold) I would have not been so stubborn. Bottom line- don't do it! Money is too precious to waste on places like this.
1	OMG!!! this place is horrible do not ever i repeat EVER!!! order from here...reason::: i ordered sesame chicken and pork fried rice i might has well have went to Fry's up the street and got it frozen and cooked it myself really Canton the economy is bad but C'mon now you can atleast import it from china
3	I think they've gone out of business, phones turned off and website is down for the past week, When they were open they were good at what they did, cheap Americanized fast food Chinese delivery. I'm sad, and now looking for another dive Chinese place that delivers to Arcadia......
