3	Went there today to take my friend out for her bday (a month late) .  She got a healthy omlette with no tomatoes and I had french toast with eggs and potatoes.  Her omlette, of course, came out with the tomatoes.  She sent it back immediately and it came out again, very quickly, with no tomatoes, and it was a fresh omlette.  My french toast was overdone, so when I was leaving, they made me a new piece to take home, gave me warm syrup too.   My potatoes were good and over medium eggs were cooked perfectly  The toast was cold though.  Basically, the food at this restaurant is hit and miss, some things are great, some things are not even close.  The best thing about this restaurant is the service was amazing.  My Diet Coke never was left unfilled, she even sent me home with one to go for free.  I also had fresh coffee, and my friend was brought a pitcher of water so she would not run out.  Waitress was friendly and helpful.  I would go back just for that reason.  And no more french toast, stick to eggs and potatoes.
2	I read the other Yelp reviews while I was sitting in this restaruant.  Too late. Here's the deal - the other reviews are spot-on about the service.  Friendly, happy, and attentive.  The food though, is NOT so fantastic.  I ordered a Belgian Waffle and my hubbie ordered French Toast.  Both tasted deep fried, which is totally weird.  The butter was in little sealed Shamrock Farms tabs on the table, and was not kept cold, which I found extremely odd.  I mean, overall, the food was okay, but I woudn't recommend it to a friend, so I don't recommend it to you.  Everything came out ordered the way we ordered it, but it just wasn't that great.The restaurant was clean, but our waitress had animal hair on her black t-shirt, which unnerved me more than a little.
1	We decided to try this place for the first time today. First impression was great - the place looked real nice. Service was horrible! We waited for our drinks, we waited to order, we waited for our food, we waited for drink refills. We waited from entrance to food served - almost 40 minutes! My order wasn't complete, I had to ask for my toast. Someone else at our table also just got up and asked for refills. The food itself was okay. It wasn't great, but it wasn't horrible. I thought my omelet had a bit too much cheese and the potatoes seemed almost tasteless. For the cost, I felt cheated.Honestly, I will NOT go here again.
2	First off the place was nicely decorated and clean however the hostess didn't greet us when we walked in and at a place where you wait to be seated, points off. Sat down, server was friendly but the coffee mugs were filthy and don't mean stained from overuse but looked like an old man was using it as a spittoon dirty. I order bacon & eggs, wife got the 11$ omelet. The omelet was huge and looked tasty my food was ok, they cooked my eggs rightt which for some reason is difficult but shouldn't be. My biggest beef the music was ridiculously loud! Now I'm no fogey and if you glance at my profile you'll see I'm a drummer so I'm not unaccustomed to loud music but this was freaking annoying. I'm trying to have a nice brunch conversation with my wife and I've got the wuss from counting crows whining about his girlfriend, if I was a no account hippster doofus with no musical taste this would have been fine however comma it was the pimento on the shit sandwich that was my eating experience at the egg and I. Since I'm about giving second chances to most places I'd go back but that's the only reason.
1	The coffee pot and water pitcher was left at the table, a good idea. That was the only good thing about this place. My home fries were far too thin which means they don't hold up well. They were dry, over done and cold. Our server asked us if we wanted pancakes instead of toast. She said they are light and fluffy. They were not. The batter was over beaten so they were tough and chewy. The biggest problem was that she charged us $4.50 for four of these pucks. When she asked if we "wanted" them, she should have told us they were extra. Very deceitful and misleading.The music was blaring and the ceiling mounted TVs were showing objectionable material during breakfast.The server was over talkative and kept interrupting our meal with constant banter and forced laughter. There is a fine line between friendliness and intrusiveness. Our server was the latter.Save your time and money. Go to IHOP.
2	I ordered the bagel breakfast, which sounded great, but beware! The breakfast consists of a huge warmed bagel, a fried egg, slice of cheese, and a sausage link cut in half. I only got the taste of sausage in the last quarter of my meal...and the bagel started to crumble after my second bite. We went early enough so there wasn't a lot of people there, but as tables left, they sat dirty and our table felt gross when we sat down. I needed to give this place a try, but I've done my due-diligence and I don't feel the need to ever return.
