5	Fantastic tempeh bacon-lettuce-tomato.  I've been tempted to try everything on the menu but the BLT is so darn tasty I can not resist it!  Ladonia offers plenty of gluten free yumminess and limeade.  This mobile cafe is a wonderful addition to the Library Mall carts.  A must try!!!
5	I didn't realize how much I liked this cart until recently; they're closed for the winter now, and I'm having cravings like the dickens. Ladonia Cafe's winter hibernation leaves me especially missing the chocolate chip waffles with home fries, the ginger limeade, and the tamales. The tempeh bacon is a bit too sweet for my taste-- is it BBQ sauce on it?-- but still not bad, for fake bacon. Which, I admit,  sets the bar pretty low.Very fair prices and portions, and no Styrofoam boxes, hooray! I'll be right there when they reopen in the spring. (Fingers crossed that they will? Food carts come and go at a dizzying rate on Library Mall.)
5	Everyone put April 19 (2014) on your calender:  Just found out this is the first Saturday Ladonia Cafe opens for the season. I've eaten at vegan restaurants in New York, LA, Chicago, and states all over the rest of the north, south, east, and west. If you're reading this, go to Ladonia! Look, I'm not anything even close to vegan or vegetarian. I would rather eat Ladonia's bacon than meat bacon. All the bacon properties I enjoy are somehow there, yet it's its own thing. Different. Better. It's incredible. The waffles are a dream. Madison is so lucky to have this place.
5	The food at this cart is SO delicious- although I have to disclose that so far I've only tried the waffle platter (I don't live in Madison so I only have the opportunity to have it once in a while and it's just so good I haven't been able to make myself try something else!). The chocolate chip waffle is fluffy and perfectly cooked, the tempeh "bacon" is some of the best I've ever had (so flavorful, not hard/dry at all), and the potatoes are delicious as well. It's probably good that I don't have easier access to Ladonia because is eat here all the time- definitely give it a try if you see them around!
5	Excellent food! Wonderful eating experience! I highly recommend their ginger limeade, vegan BLT, and chocolate chip waffles. They are all delicious and vegan! My husband loves their tamales, too. I was skeptical to try tempeh after a negative experience a few years ago but decided to give their version of a BLT (bacon-flavored tempeh, lettuce and tomatoes on batch bakehouse bread) a try at the recent Isthmus a la carts food cart festival. I think I went back three times for another piece! It is the stuff dreams are made of! So delicious! I'm always excited to see Ladonia's Cafe at local festivals and I never even consider going to other carts! Bonus: the cooks/owner is super friendly and they accept credit/debit cards!
5	I love this place! Ladonia Cafe has somehow come up with a menu including all of my favorite foods. Tamales, waffles, and the best vegan BLT I've ever had. Their tempeh bacon is so flavorful. It is the perfect balance of sweet, smoky, and salty. And the bread! It's so fresh and soft and crusty. I miss you already, Ladonia!!!
5	Absolutely amazing. Vegan. But you certainly I don't need to be a vegan to enjoy and appreciate the quality of the ingredients and the excellent execution. The sweet potato tamales were soft and flavorful, and the tempeh BLT was just about prefect.
5	I love this place!   The have a special of Mac and Cheese that I love and probably have ate way too much of!  They have yummy three bean chili.   They have chocolate chip waffles too!
