5	*YUMMY* is all I have to say about this place.  It's your typical cheap Mexican food place that are a dime-a-dozen in Phoenix.  This has always been one of my favorites though.  The carne asada burrito is huge and well worth the $5.25 you'll pay for it.  The place doesn't look so great from the outside and the drive-thru is a little strange, but it's delicious.  It's also never made me sick, so no worries in that department.  Go, eat, and enjoy the place.
3	I just ate here for lunch today. inside and out was clean including the restroom.the food: nothing special i ordered a taco and tostada combo plate, it seemed average nothing special but i would eat it again. the beans where good, better than most places. the beef in my taco was moist and slightly greasy (not as greasy as some other places but still some grease) i wish it came with a few more veggies like tommatoes or offered some freash salsa at the salsa bar but it was only standard red and green sauce.I also ordered some horchata (SP?) little pricey for it but i wanted it badly, again nothing special you can actually see the little bag that pumps the premade mix into the machine. for soda, I always order the smallest size if i'm dinning in free refills so why pay extra for a bigger cup. I was disapointed that people decided to tag in the bathroom, some folks decided to tag on the table they where sitting at while i was in there... some people have no respect. the casher was nice and I chatted with her a minute about the tagging. It is really close to GCC and since i work and go to school there it is an obvious choice. I believe there was an aditional charge for using my debit card but i'm not sure. I will try other menu items and leave reviews when i am able.
4	This is my favorite taco shop.  It has all the same menu items you'd expect at the prices you'd expect.  There are a million taco stands in the Phoenix area, but this one stands out to me.  Why you ask?#1 -  Their carne asada is the best I've ever had.  I'm a Phoenix native, therefore I've had A LOT of carne asada from taco stands in my life.  Hands down... the best!#2 - I've never gotten sick from this place.  I can list off numerous taco shops where I have.#3 - Kinda goes along with #2, the ingredients all seem to be fresh.  If you get sour cream, it's not curdly.  The bacon in the breakfast burritos are crispy, not chewy.  The tortillas taste like they make them there.#4 - You can call ahead and order to pick up.#5 - They have pollo asada dishes.Their food reminds me of meals I've had in Rocky Point.  Very delicious and affordable.
3	This place is hit or miss.  That goes for the whole experience from service to food to price.  I feel like the folks here can be on the rude side, but no matter how rude, the do get the order right.  I've ordered cheese enchilada's here before that the cheese wasn't even melted.  I can make that for $.50 cents.. and put it in the microwave and get a better outcome.  And.. to top it off, a couple taco's and some horchata will run you almost 10 bucks.. Ouch.On the positive side, the horchata is yummy and you can't really go wrong with steak taco's on soft corn tortilla's.  Order this and you are safe.
