1	I stayed here on 8/14/10. Like the other review says, the food is AWFUL, the accommodations are CRAP, and the ambiance leaves MUCH to be desired. What the other reviewer didn't mention is that the staff is rude beyond belief, and will make you feel like less than a speck of fly shit on a piece of dog shit. No matter how polite you are, it will not serve you one bit...so I recommend venting your anger by voicing your complaints.Once I voiced my complaints, I was immediately surrounded and attended to by a host of staffers, who led me away into a more private room, where my only company was two crackheads and a drunken barefooted prostitute. But these new accommodations pleased me even less than the old ones. Thankfully, all it took was 4 hours of inconsolable weeping before they upgraded my room to a larger shared suite.This new room was similarly lacking in ambiance and decor, but at least the company was good. Say what you will about the CCDC's amenities -- the place is ALWAYS packed! And not with just the regular Vegas nightclub crowd, either; during my stay I met a fascinating array of prostitutes, strippers and crackheads. (OK, maybe it WAS the regular Vegas nightclub crowd, now that I think about it.)The highlight of my experience was befriending a genial middle-aged Asian stripper with a distinctive deformity whereby her hands were missing several fingers, so that they resembled lobster claws. "You dancer?" she asked me. "No," I replied. "Why no?! You so preeeeetty!""I'd LIKE to be a dancer," I answered honestly; "I know the money's great... but I'm the world's WORST dancer, and I'd be laughed out of the club!""No honey; it eeeeeasy! I show you!"And so it came to pass that I was the recipient of a lap dance in the holding tank of the CCDC by a lobster-clawed middle-aged Asian woman who had been arrested on charges of domestic violence (she beat up her husband, LOL). Amazing!"Where did you say you danced again? Spearmint Rhino?!" I found this hard to believe, since supposedly those are the hottest dancers in Vegas."Yeah, Spearmint Rhino," she said...but then explained that they only let her dance til 9pm, then made her leave til 3am, when she was allowed back in the club. During those intervening hours, she would sometimes go dance at a less discriminating club. Like the one in the holding tank at the CCDC!Five stars for the lap dance, five stars for the company...but zero stars for everything else.With any luck, I will NOT be returning to this establishment!
1	Vegas has better lodging than the county jail, but if the Las Vegas Metro Police have decided you won't be able to book another room, you'll probably end up spending at least 1-3 nights here before you get to see a judge and ask to be released.While you're here, the food will be awful, the bedding will be hard, the cells will likely be crowded, and the smell will be pretty bad.  But a piece of advice: keep your mouth shut and bear it the best you can.  Complaints will pretty much result in things getting worse.  You lost most of your rights the minute you entered the jail -- that's just the way it is, so there's not much point arguing about it.  Argument will likely get you a restraint chair or a solitary cell.  And don't bother arguing about how you are "innocent until proven guilty".  While that is theoretically true in America, in a jail, you are controlled (like cattle) until you are proven innocent-enough to be released.That said, compared to east coast city jails, this place is pretty clean.  You probably won't walk out of here with a disease that no one in the western world has heard of in the last 100 years (Philly and NYC jails can't say that).  So be thankful for the smallest of favors while you are sitting here miserable.Bottom line: this place sucks and it's supposed to.  The county wants to encourage you to never come back.
1	I am not even gonna start with this place because it's a fucking shit show
5	I love this place!!! The food is great, it smells wonderful and the people you meet are awesome! The only downfall is my cellphone doesn't work that well inside. If your lucky, you might even catch a celeb or two on a busy night!
1	I was here back in June. I have actually been into jails for visitations and for positive stuff talk to inmates help them etc. This was my first time in jail on the other side of the wall. My friends have been to jail my family members in other states and have told me stories.. i have never experienced such nasty rude people who work there in my life. They arrested me thinking i was somebody else and treated me like crap until they ran my background and realized i wasnt who they thought i was, then they were scared i was going to sue them for the way they treated me and how they let me have an asthma attack in the holding cell that smelled like urine, feces and garbage. The food was scraps and the nurses treated me like crap. when i was arrested they of course took my 3 inhalers for my asthma and chronic bronchitis so they knew i was asthmatic and the cold and nerves as well as the 10 other people in the holding cell were banging on the doors watching my health decline rapidly and the officers not giving a FUCK saying SHES FINE until an officer saw me slumped over half coherent  with a very weak pulse and my breathing VERY short. Not to mention they had lost my papers in booking adding 10 hours to my stay. This show Las Vegas Jailhouse makes me cringe every time it is on TV. I will never forget that night i spent in this jailhouse the nurses in pre-booking are the most NASTY girls i have ever met, i kept my mouth shut and followed direction from everybody i didn't make friends and i didn't talk to anybody. I was very lucky to have 2 girls in my holding cell who were young mothers when my health started getting bad in there, but if i cared enough about the bullshit i endured that night after being booked for something horrendous and then realizing they had the wrong person after taking cell phone pictures of me and  racial discriminating me, i would sue them, but id rather just forget about this HORRENDOUS establishment that should be shut down or sued for the way they treat innocent people or beat up people for no reason cuz they have authority issues.
1	jail sucks, worst food ever!  Plus the people there stink and are mean...dont go, its not fun.   Stay home instead, or take a taxi home, dont drink and drive!
5	I did a tour recently with a group of UNLV students because thankfully I've never been arrested and I wanted to know how the detention center operated. The CO that acted as our guide was super chill and pretty cool. The other personnel was actually pretty nice and we were able to tour different tanks and both towers and the high ops control tower. I must state that I'm rating the tour for educational purposes by no means the facility. It smells, it's sad, and I'm no one to judge so let's leave it at that. I'm not a fan of law enforcement personnel myself, specifically police officers, but the tour was pretty in-depth educational, interesting, and scary if your wondering how a system like this operates.
1	i stayed at this location last friday and i was very upset with the quality of the service there, they were very rude! they food was undercooked and they would not reheat anything after i explained to them the customers always right they put me in a padded room for 72 hours. Once i got removed from that cell they put me in population and it was like MMA tournament had to fight 15 mexicans for a bed to sleep on. After i knockedout 15 people i made bail and got released didnt even use the bed. i would not recommend staying there
1	Though I've voluntarily reached out to inmates through letters to talk about the Bible and life in general, it was quite a shock to me that my first visit to prison would be the old fashioned way. I had a warrant out for a traffic ticket I thought was taken care of about 7 years ago. Apparently my traffic lawyer didn't do his job, as advertised. I don't recommend those lawyers you see on TV and billboards btw; this can happen to anyone. Just pay your fine directly to the court. LVMPD entered my address wrong, as I received NO prior notice about any of this in the last 7 years (according to my officer). Tough luck! Don't ever come here. Customer service is poor, and accomodations and amenities are lacking. The staff will pretty much look at and treat you like abused, caged animals. Both the booking room and holding cell wait seem to take forever, and they won't tell you how long you'll be in. For all we know, the staff could be hanging out playing cards in the break room until they feel like letting you go -- no matter how petty your offense was. From the moment I got pulled over to being released, the total time was around 21 hours. The booking area reminds me of a chaotic DMV for cattle, if cattle knew how to drive. They will ask you if you have mental issues history. You may very well have by the time they let you out of this place. Both rooms smell TERRIBLE! Come here if you want to be friends with that drunk homeless guy you see on your way home from work. I'd recommend skipping 2 meals...you should be OK, the average human body can go without food for 7 days. Who knows what kind of garbage they put in that garbage. Drink the flavored water they give you. It's safer than their sink water, and it's better than being dehydrated. If someone wants my food I'd give it to them. But it looks GROSS. The Imperial Palace buffet is 5 star compared to the menu here.The holding cell is inhumane. The officers will taunt you by walking by with stacks of ID's, but releasing just one person at a time. This may or may not be on purpose; I'd bet good money that they are doing it to humor themselves. There may be 15 to 20 inmates (who haven't showered for days) in your room at any given time. They are crude, but somewhat nice and tolerable. Everyone just wants out. I'm not sure how often they sanitize this place. Possibly never. The floors are filthy, and the only reason you should sleep on it is because sitting down on the hard wooden bench all day is almost unbearable. Hopefully you do not have major back problems beforehand. At least add some Bibles in this place. The lights are kept on 24/7. That can't be healthy for the human body. There is a difference between sending a message and just straight up brutality and torture. I've heard some people stay there for 4+ days. I can pretty much guarantee you will become at least a little delusional if you are in there that long. They will then take you to another area, about 30 inmates in a room which could pass for a torture chamber in the 1800's. One doorless restroom, no soap. Possibly no cameras. Then they will complete processing you in the Release room and you will be free to walk through the door, into the fine streets of downtown Las Vegas.This is the side of Las Vegas, and the American justice system in general, that you never want to personally experience. Wrongfully accused? Try to get the best possible lawyer you can afford. Metro could care less if you are innocent or guilty. Kids, be safe, don't drink and drive, and pay your tickets on time.
1	The whole fucking staff is loud and ghetto in this jail. They act more ghetto then all the hookers they have booked in jail LMFAO
