4	Forget about Starbucks!  I always prefer to patronize local businesses.  Although I prefer to have the "Bohemian Buzz" of the Beehive, Crazy Mocha is an excellent choice too.  They have excellent coffee and teas, smoothies, and desserts.  The only thing I don't like is that some of the desserts are big enough to feed a family of four!  Not good for a diabetic who's sometimes by herself!They also have free internet. I can remember when this location was called Dancing Goats.  It has been a few names.  I think it was called "Sip" at one time.  Crazy Mocha has since expanded all over the Pittsburgh Area.  I think they now have one at the Carnegie Library too.
4	Formerly known as Dancing Goat, this place used to be the place we'd go for free wireless internet access, a warm cup of coffee, and a slide of cake. It has a local feel(though I've been told they have branches all over the midwest). They're known for their tiramisu but I love their carrot cake and princess cake too. A perfect place for a group meeting or to work on your homework with friends. It opens as late as Hunt, but finding parking might be an impossible task. Come here once before you graduate.
4	A nice place to chill with a drink and dessert, but seating is usually scarce. Love the pictures of goats decorating the place. They have fantastic desserts - try their tiramisu, which sits in a bed of whipped cream, chocolate sauce, and caramel!
4	when i'm not stuck completing work on campus, i would prefer to be doing all my work at crazy mocha. there are tons of outlets for those equipped with laptops like myself. i don't think i've ever been to a coffee shop w/ as many available outlets as this place. i would pass on the sandwiches, but the cheesecake is awesome- make sure you have a friend to it eat it w/- it is huge! most importantly, the coffee is great quality. vanilla lattes are my favorite! if you come often, you may find yourself singing along to the 'crazy mocha soundtrack'- i swear i've heard every song a billion times
2	Pretty good drinks, and every once in a while the Clipper magazine will run a buy-one-get-one drink coupon.  We got two drinks - a blended mocha/espresso frappuccino-ish thing and a hot chocolate, both of which were really good and with the coupon came to about $5 - a bit pricier than Starbucks.  I've had a vanilla latte before which was also good.Tonight I got a piece of tiramisu which was perfect - creamy top, bottom had the espresso flavor but was not soggy or falling apart.  I also tried my roommate's white and dark chocolate dessert - white chocolate cheesecake and milk chocolate mousse sandwiched between chocolate cake.  Delicious.  However, these two desserts came to $11.24!The girl behind the counter was surly, rude, and could not have made it clearer that she just wanted people to sit, do their homework, use the wifi and not bother her.  I know it's 9PM.  You're opened until midnight.  It's not like I came in at the last minute.  At least try to smile.Their desserts and drinks are good, but pricey, and the customer service is pretty bad.  It's pretty bad at the Carnegie Library location too.  I'll definitely come back when they're running the coupons, but would probably avoid it otherwise.
3	Service was a little slow, but there was only one person working. Weird set up with the coffee condiments right at the pay counter, and I think that slows the process. My Americano was perfect, but the atmosphere and the place was a little, well, off. Maybe it was the trash and paper products on the floor, or maybe it was the aforementioned condiments on the counter, or maybe it was the slowness of the transaction. I'd need to try it again to see if the place grows on me.
3	I'm sitting in the Crazy Mocha on Ellsworth Ave writing this review using their free wireless service - great. Very nice service at a locally owned business - even better. Weird painting of a cross-eyed goat consuming coffee beans and squirting brown liquid from its udder into a coffee cup? Um, gross. And baristas of America listen up. A latte does not have a half a cup of foam. That's called a cappuccino. A latte has a very thin layer of foam on top. Other than the strange choice of art and my half a cup of foam, I'm comfortable here and plan to get some work done.
5	My personal favorite crazy mocha location. I like the staff and they make delicious vanilla & spice chai tea lattes.
2	Coffee is good. Salads, sandwiches are ok. All is pricey, which is OK, since the patrons are inflated-egoed. The decor is great, bright colors and wall paint. They make up for the lack of a bathroom mirror, in the men's at least, with a goofy painting where your face should be.  The wireless signal is decent, when folks are not fucking with it, using Skype. Two of the baristas are cool, the one I always happen upon is so transparently duplicitous, I'd rather she spit on me rather doing the fake-ass "Hi, How are you?" she has to press out of her mouth like toothpaste. Note to self: if you are doing customer service, you have to actually give a shit about customersPatrons are from Shadyside, so you can expect douchebag Tepper grad students, Med students, and Goth-Black-Shirt techies working there.....as unfriendly and self-absorbed as usual. Oh yeah, they smoke out front, so be prepared to inhale other people's pestilence on the way in. Its next to a tanning salon, so you can expect a bunch of well-heeled weirdos coming in/out of there as well.
4	Best brownies ever.It was my office for monthsDon't bring your big* group.* or loud(b)
4	A go to place in my book to get some work done. The location on Ellsworth has comfy chairs and a nice number of outlets for those who have a laptop. Crazy Mocha on Ellsworth offers some great coffee and tea choices along with some baked goods, dessert and sandwiches. The sweets are on the larger side. I ate a delicious chocolate chip cookie that was almost as big as my face so I guess you could say I was eating my face? If I am not meal hungry or wanting something sweet, there is a lack of savory options. The baristas have always been friendly - I have never had an issue, and leave you alone. Plus the bathrooms seem to be always clean; there's free wi-fi; accepts credit cards and is opened late weekday and weekend. Crazy Mocha on Ellsworth gets packed during peak times (space is about half the size of CTR on Walnut); I am sure there is a back story but I don't get the decor and goats; and sometimes the music is a little too loud for my taste but all in all Crazy Mocha has a lot more going for it than against.
5	Great mocha!
2	Decent coffee, but I have to know: Do you guys really make that little money that you can't afford a serviceable internet router, considering the volume of your business that comes from people who go there to use the internet and study?  Seriously, the router has to be restarted at least 2x every time I'm there (either for me or other customers).  It is very annoying.
4	Crazy Mocha is still a great place to pause for a cup of Joe after hitting up the vintage shops on Ellsworth Avenue.  The coffees, teas, and smoothies are still amazing.
4	Aside from the unenthusiastic (and, sometimes, downright rude) staff behind the counter, there's not really anything negative to say about this Crazy Mocha location.  The food is good, the coffee is great, there's plenty of seating (both indoor and outdoor), the tables are kept clean, and the free wi-fi has enough bandwidth for everyone.
3	As a "regular" here, I guess it's my obligation to lend a review. I should mention that the only reason I am a regular is because the coffee shop is attached to my office. Otherwise, I would not make a special trip to visit. The 3 stars comes more for their pastries - particularly the biscotti and cookies. They get these from a bakery in Cranberry, so it's a smart choice. Their coffee leaves much to be desired. It is bland, dirt-tasting, and lacks boldness. The price is where I really knock them down. The drinks are priced fine (which is good because they wouldn't be worth much more), but everything else is way over-priced. A slice of cake is over $5, a sandwich (which are awful) are over $5 as well and really isn't a smart choice.I guess I sound more negative about the tangibles of the cafe, but what really saves them is their service. I enjoy the people who work there and they always remember you and your drink or typical choices. They really save themselves here because otherwise I'd probably only give them 2 stars.
3	When you have a name like Crazy Mocha you'd think that their mochas would be more than mediocre. The first time I went in I decided to take a risk on the craziest mocha they seemed to have, their Monkey Mocha. A couple pumps of banana in a mocha is a pretty creative idea in my book and the taste wasn't bad! After finishing up a cup of that I got some of their house blend coffee and was doubly less than impressed. The coffee was bland and even with five packs of sugar the sorry taste couldn't be spruced up. The staff seems melancholy and inattentive to the customers. My favorite part of the place was probably the decor. Other than that, eh.
3	Whoa, has this place changed (for the better) since I was in college. No more smoking indoors! (Crazy, I know.)The coffee is decent, but the best dessert I had was the tiramisu. You must get this!
4	I love Crazy Mocha!
5	Michelle, the owner is a class act.  very personable and dedicated to the local community.  coffee is addictive!
5	Best place around to get delicious desserts and of course,teas & coffees. Not to mention, a chill spot to do work or just relax.
4	I love this location, and I often walk here to grab a latte or treat. I love when they have cheesecake. It is divine.The coffee is so so, but I do enjoy the soy lattes. Perhaps the espresso is of better quality than the regular coffee-not sure. The parking can be a bit spotty, so I usually walk. There is a lot next door, but I prefer getting in and out quickly.There is plenty of space for reading or studying, and the view of Ellsworth Ave. is really really pretty. I love watching people walk by while I sip and drink my latte.This location is the perfect spot for a lazy weekend afternoon reading session.
5	Definitely one of my favorite coffee shops to frequent when I lived in Shadyside. The venue is very open and colorful, built with windows across two whole sides of the space. Crazy Mocha coffee is average to above average, but I'm never too picky when it comes to searching out a place to sip a cup and work for a few hours. Although I just walked from my place, parking seems to be a mild annoyance there on Ellsworth at times, but I would recommend just trying your luck and parking on one of the side streets in Shadyside if you're just popping in. The desserts- scones, cookies, and cake/cheesecake- are all very good, and the paninis are pretty good if overpriced. The people who work here have always been good, quick, and very nice. It's also a great place to people watch (yes, I'll admit it), as a plethora of people come in and out with high turnover, and it's great to see people walking/jogging/running past the street. It's definitely a high traffic area in one of the two hearts of Shadyside (the other being Walnut)- and I most definitely prefer this side, as the people are more diverse- a good mix of young professionals, graduate students, older more established adults, families, culturally diverse, etc.- and they tend to be a bit more laid back, nice, and approachable. Stop in if you're in the neighborhood!
2	Go here for the desserts, not the coffee. I'm a huge fan of their biscotti, and think it's the best in the city. I've tried multiple flavors but the Red Velvet is by far the best and tastes even better than it sounds. It's the perfect consistency, not too dry and perfect for dunking in coffee. However, their coffee is a different story. I've always found it too weak and watery. I even tried their Americano for a stronger brew, but still wasn't impressed. So now when I'm craving biscotti, I just get it to go and get coffee elsewhere.
4	While I have been to several of their locations, this one has something special about it.    Of course the coffee and the goodies offered are the same with any other location - and they are really good - this specific venue is nice to hung out. You can come with your friends to just chat or you can come to get some work done (free wifi!).  The big "window" glasses give you the feel that you are right outside but at the same time not really.  Of course, if the weather is good you can always sit at the tables outside! Their coffee is also good.  They have a variety of pastries and sandwiches that are also good for a quick grub.  There was quiet a period that I was obsessed with their mixed nuts selection! I will definitely keep being a regular here.
5	Sitting in Crazy Mocha on this very rainy Saturday, the 19th of July.  I stop in here occasionally, since I do live about 8 miles away.  Having read some of the previous reviews, I have to say, that I've Never had other than a pleasant experience here on Ellsworth.  I like chai, so I get that, and whoever makes it, does it in a normal, nice manner.    Pricing, I haven't analyzed, except to say that nothing strikes me as excessive ..... you know you can't expect to pay 8 cents for things you want.  CM IS a local business, and I'm sure doesn't have the ability to fall back on th purchase power of, say, a chain coffee business.  Perhaps we see thing through the prism of who we are to a great deal?  And we receive what we search for, it often seems to me.  Enough rambling.  It's a nice place, and I think you'd enjoy it too.
4	Love the CARAMOCA that they make at this place. Their sandwiches are really good too - if you can make it to there early enough to be able to have one. They usually run out pretty quickly. They have free wifi, the seating is comfortable and spread out and you can sit outside on nice days to watch the street. The only downside of this place is that there is almost always only one person working - which makes the line go very slow. I usually end up waiting for quite some time before I get the opportunity to order, especially on the weekends.
4	It's nice having a coffee shop within walking distance from my home! As the only coffee shop along Ellsworth Avenue in the heart of Shadyside, the types of clientele can vary considerably. There can be white-collar workers, blue-collar workers, college students, and teenagers all in the same place. Talk about diversity!Anyway, the coffee shop has large windows that face the street and a parking lot, providing ample natural light into the space. The interior is fairly spacious, clean, and colorful. There is outdoor seating on nice days. Parking can be a bit of a problem because Ellsworth Avenue tends to get busy or, like now, has construction work going on.At the coffee bar/cashier, you will see assorted baked goods, sandwiches and paninis, and energy bars. They even have gigantic cookies almost the size of my face! I would so get those, but then I'd end up gobbling it down in one sitting and exceeding my calorie needs for the day (curse my sweet tooth...and while I'm ranting, curse calories!) Their coffee menu is typical--brewed coffee, cafe au lait, "shot in the dark" (shot of espresso in coffee), espresso drinks--but they also have Crazy Mocha trademarked drinks. I can't remember the names, but they sounded delicious (think along the lines of Starbucks frappucino). As someone who drinks PLENTY of coffee, I know a good coffee when I have one. Now, I'm definitely not the guy who goes on a soliloquy about the underlying aromas and flavors in the coffee and can tell you the type of bean used and its origin. But, I can tell if the coffee has a full flavor or not. Unfortunately, I haven't had that full-flavored brewed coffee at Crazy Mocha. It is a decent cup of coffee absolutely, just not that A-grade coffee that I've had at other coffee shops.One other minor warning: there is usually one person working. That means it can take a while before you get your espresso drink, fancy schmancy or not. So I would advise against coming here if you're short on time or there is a massively long line.I haven't had their baked goods or sandwiches yet, but from what I've heard, I will definitely try their Red Velvet biscotti and sandwiches sometime soon!
