5	I will NEVER stray from this place again!!!!
5	I regularly visit this place and am always happy.  They lost a few technitions, but always pull through with great customer service.  I have been to other Laveen nail places....but this one by far exceeds the rest!  I will always be a customer there!
5	I'm surprised this place doesn't have more reviews. It's the best nail salon I found in phoenix after searching for almost three years. I've only had my nails done by Leon, but he is bomb. He always hooks me up with nails that don't lift for at least two weeks (I go faithfully every two weeks so I do not know how much longer they can go without lifting). I got a pedicure once but I always go to another place for that. The pedicure was average and they lady's who did it was nice. The owner Amy is very sweet and stays open late for customers. Great customer service and great nails. I noticed there are people always waiting, so it's good for business but I would make an appointment to be on the safe side. Also, they offer a lot of designs for nails and toes. I don usually get designs but they look pretty.Remeber to bring cash for a tip because you cannot add it to your card- that's the only con so far...
4	I got a gift certificate here for my birthday.  I went this morning and got a pedicure.  I had made an appointment given it is Saturday.  I had a man, and told him to please be gentle and that I was very ticklish on my feet.  He was very good.  I got a scrub as well on my legs and a really nice LIGHT massage on my legs, which is good as I dont like when people are too forceful.  I think I will be going back here.   just dont know the guys name who did my tootsie, but I will be wanting him back next time!
3	Popped in here for a quick mani while I waited for the bf to get off work for lunch. It was a Tuesday and there were only 3 technicians working, but I was seated right away.First impressions --nail polish selection was lacking. They only had a few OPI and China Glaze colors, and I didn't see any colors from recent collections. Bring your own nail polish if you're looking for a specific color. The place isn't the cleanest, but I did see my tech spray off the instruments with alcohol before using them at least.As for the mani, it was actually pretty good for $12! My technician was attentive and made sure to clean up any excess nail polish. Cuticles were trimmed well without trimming the actual skin around my nail (hate when places do that!).Overall, decent place to get a quick mani!
