4	A close second on my list of favorite Mexican food restaurants of all time.  I had the green chili (or was it the red?) and it was spicy and filling.  My margarita was huge and no skimping on tequila occurred. All that food for a low price - it's no wonder this place is consistently voted one of the best in the Phoenix metro area.
4	Better like it hot...these folks do not know the meaning of the word "mild"! Plentiful, tasty Mexican fare at a good price...always a good bet.
5	Los Dos is many an Arizona native's favorite Mexican food place. And it has the (well-deserved) reputation for the spiciest food around! They also have a hoppin' cantina.There is a lot of tragedy and triumph behind the Los Dos Molinos franchise. Owners Victoria and Eddie have turned to food and work as a way through the grief of loosing two children in two separate car accidents. Today, the family business is bigger and better than ever-- with the newest location opened by a daughter in New York City!
3	HOT! HOT! HOT! HOT! HOT! HOT!HOT! HOT! HOT!HOT! HOT! HOT!HOT! HOT! HOT!HOT! HOT! HOT!HOT! HOT! HOT!I'm not talking fresh-out-of-the-oven-burn-your-mouth hot. I'm talking all-jacked-up-on-steroid-spice hot. But if hot's you, then you ought to eat here. I've been here a handful of times with the family... particularly because it's my dad's favorite place. From the spicy beef pizza to a shrimp dish, my mouth always burns! Forget the salsa. Don't go anywhere near it if you can't stand the flames. Order a margarita. They're heavenly and HUGE! And the perfect companion to the dishes this restaurant serves up.
4	...what the others have said.....an echo...On a recent sojourn to Phoenix, I overheard a colleague mention his favorite Mexican establishment to some others...and the word "spicy" was mentioned with reverance several times. So, being a devotee of the higher scofield numbers, I interjected myself into the otherwise private conversation.One thing led to another....to my good fortune. [I was otherwise condemned to hotel fare.]Everything was excellent...including the [multi flavored] ambience and it being hard to find. [The name of the place is merely painted on the top of the building in an industrial area...and illuminated with a couple of dim bulbs -- no figurative message intended.]But....and this is enough of a "but" to zap the fifth star -- the table chips were seemingly out of a bag?!?!?!? HUH?! WHAT?!?!? That excellently spiced salsa [not for the faint of heart as others have noted] was wasted!! Why not homemade tortillas with some body....gloriously fried in lard like my favorite Mex-place in Pomona, CA??That's my only quibble....when in the Phoenix area....GO! [They're motto is "Some Like it Hot"]I give it a 300,000 plus on the Scofield scale!
4	The salsa is probably the only reason to go here, the service was pretty good too, lot of water and chips refills.  The food is mediocre I would say but alot better than places that end in "tos".I go back just for the salsa and the fact that pretty much every mexican food place in AZ is not that good at all, so Los Dos wins.
3	It's "OK".  I love spicy food, and like someone else said, some of their dishes seem spicy just to be spicy foregoing full flavor.  Their Margaritas are too sweet, IMO, but do pack a punch.  I also think their food is too salty, specifically their tortillas.  I also would NOT recommend the Mesa, AZ location.  It is nowhere near the quality of the Phoenix location.  I have been to the Phoenix location 8 times and the Mesa location 2 times and both Mesa experiences were sub-par.  If I were to rate based on the Mesa location I would give it a 1 or 2 star rating.
5	I came here for lunch today with a group of coworkers.  This Los Dos is pretty big and it was not packed at all for lunch.  Our server was friendly and prompt.  He brought us our chips and salsa right away which of the 2 salsas I really liked the green... It was spicy, but not too spicy.  I think over the course of our lunch I did drink a pitcher of water, but I wasn't uncomfortable or anything;).  I had the 2 ground beef taco's lunch special with a side of guacamole it also came with rice and beans.  They were your basic taco's but still very good.  One of my coworkers got the pasole and that looked pretty tasty to me.  I will definitely have to try that next time, pasole is one of my favorite soups... and it is hard to find places that make it well.
4	Lots of buzz with this place.Felt it was a good deal for Mexican.  In a business park/industrial part of town.  Not the same feel you may get from the other locations.You start off with two types of salsas (Red and Green)  that are made with Hatch Chiles every other day according to the waiter.  The combinations and food was great.Recommend:  Yes.Go Back:  Yes.  But it's pretty out of the way.
3	Pretty good food, better than Macayos. The parking sucks though, and it's right next to a windshield repair shop so parking is even tighter. The atmosphere is so-so, so if you are in the mood for Mexican I would choose this if you are between the 101/202 and the 60/alma school, but don't expect to be swept off your feet.
5	Mmmm, just thinking about Los Dos makes my mouth water. If you like it hot, hot, hot, this is the place for you!True, it's strangely located in a dumpy Mesa industrial building and true, the food is not for the faint of heart (or faint of taste buds). But, the enchilada-style green chile burros here are among the BEST this native Arizona gal has ever tasted. Try one with a dollop of sour cream to cool the burn!Service can be a little sketchy - the last time I was there, our server was a Mexican with a NY deli attitude, if you can imagine that. But don't let that stop you from experiencing an Arizona original.
4	I thought they closed the Mesa restaurant (I was there over a year ago). Anyway, "I've been to this one and the one on Central in Phoenix. The food is excellent. In terms of food only, I think it's arguably the best in the valley.  It's spicy, flavorful and well prepared.  Anything on the menu is delicious.  About the Mesa vs. Phoenix thing...to be honest, I think the Mesa one tastes better. The Mesa one definitely tastes more authentic and has more flavor. The Phoenix one tastes more Americanized as if it is geared toward Gringos.That being said, the Service is horrible and it's been horrible for the last 10 years or so. No, I'm not being hard on them.  They charge for refills on chips!!!! They give you very little chips in a small tin bowl.  They don't refill your drinks. They take forever before you order.  They are inflexible in altering items to cater to vegetarians (Im not vegetarian but I've been there with vegetarians). The waiters have attitude and leave before you can ask questions. If the service was somewhat respectable, I would eat there more often. Still the food is delicous but go there with the expectation that you will pay a lot of money and endure horrible service.  It's almost a joke because the service is so consistently bad the owner doesn't really care because people still eat there. NOTE TO THE OWNER: Yes, people eat there with bad service but if you provided better service, guys like me would eat there 20 times a year instead of twice a year!  P.S.  The best Margaritas in the WORLD...I've been everywhere and you won't get  abetter margarita. It's not Kool Aid nor is it tequila with lime....strong but actually tasty. Don't order a pitcher though. It's a rip-off. They water it down to save money
4	Very tasty!!The handmade tortillas are wonderful, the taste and the heat are very good, tender pork rib meat and the stacked enchilada's are Muy Delicioso!!  Decor is actually pretty cool, especially considering it is in an auto repair complex, maybe that adds to the experience!  We will certainly be going back!
4	Los Dos has some of the best tortillas ever - they're homemade, thick, soft, and just perfect.  The food is great and very flavorful, and the couple of times I've been here everything I've had has been good.  They also have quite a few daily specials in addition to what's on the main menu, so make sure you check those out.  The chips and salsa that they serve might be too spicy for some people, but in my experience, they're more spicy than most of the dishes, so don't worry if you think they're too hot.  The margaritas at Los Dos are also excellent and they're huge.The atmosphere is also really cool and there's usually good music playing.  Give this place a try!
4	I've been coming to Los Dos for many years.  I usually go to the Mesa location since that is closest to where I live.  The food is great.  I love the red salsa but it has taken me a long time to graduating from being able to barely dip my chip into it to being able to actually scoop up a tiny bit.  It is very hot and I often end up with heartburn, solely from this salsa since i never get heartburn otherwise.  I always get the enchilada dinner with the egg on top.  It is the best.  i've never had anything else so I can't recommend other items but I do know someone who swears by the machaca chimichanga. I will agree with other people here who state that the service can be poor.  It is too bad that so many people say that same thing.  I would think that the owners would want to change that since they must have heard of this by now!  The last time my husband and I ate here, a few weeks ago, we felt like we were intruding by just being there.  The server seemed distracted and too busy to attend to us at all.  I feel like the server is more of an "order taker" and that's it.  You are lucky if you ever see the server again since someone eles may bring your food and the check.  But, I'm sure we will visit again...in a few months....to enjoy our favorite enchilada dinner once more.
4	Popped in here by myself for dinner right after opening at 5pm.   Decided to go with the Adovada "Burro" (pork burrito) combo w/rice and beans and a Negro Modelo to quench the flames.No complaints about the service on my particular visit, although I would guess that it was actually the owner who served me.  I was checked up on a couple of times by two different people after being served.  I appreciated the fact that an entire pitcher of ice water was set in front of me along with the chips and salsa, although I wondered if this was an ominous foreshadowing of things to come. The food came out fast, and when I dug in I was not disappointed in either the flavor or the spiciness.  My head was already preheated with the chips and salsa, so by the time I started on the burrito, I had to pace myself.  Each bite packed a powerful punch, and several times I had to stop eating and let the perspiration and hot flashes subside before carefully sawing off another non-lethal dose.The atmosphere was alright, not exactly the most enchanting mexican restaurant I've ever been in, but I did dig the music. Beer was $4.25 and the the entre was approx $11, total with tax came to $17.50.   It was a lot of food, so I took half home. I'll have to come back to give the tortillas and margaritas a shot.
5	What can I say? Los Dos, Mesa, is like a second home to us. We have been to all locations except NYC, and we like the Mesa location best of those in Arizona.We absolutely love the salsa--both red and green--and sometimes get seconds on both among three people.Our favorites are the No. 4 (green tamale, taco, beans and rice) and the garlic pork plate, although we sometimes order other items on the menu. The manager, John, and staff are wonderful and always have a minute to "catch up" with us and make us smile. We go there at least once a week.The music selection is great--most tunes are Puerto Rican salsa and merengue, sometimes with a few other surprises thrown in. I recommend it most highly for anyone wanting the Real Deal in New Mexico-style cooking and, of course, to all those who like it HOT!
3	Pretty good food.  The location is kind of scary, for a famous place.  i was a little disappointed in their lunch menu.  i am not a fan of paying $12 for a lunch plate.  i don't need 10 lbs of food at lunch time, but a nice $4-5 plate of food at lunch would be great.  I might return by myself, because the food is very spicy, and most people i hang out with don't like that.  it was even spicy for me and i don't mind that too much.
1	Ok... I do not understand the cult following that this place has. I grew up in Mesa and have been dragged to this place several times only to wonder "WHY?" The food is ridiculously hot - not yummy hot - just hot! I like hot food but I want food that is delicious and digestable. The service sucks and the prices are a rip off.
4	This is a humble eatery, a pleasant surprise in the midst of a sordid neighborhood. The restaurant is choc-a-bloc on a weekend evening. So it is best to arrive around 7 pm, not later than that.As indicated on their menu they start preparing the food only after the order is placed leading to a considerably long wait (45 mins to one hour). However, during the waiting period their customers have quite a few occupations like looking at the paraphernalia on the walls, sipping margaritas, devouring the crunchy tacos, listening to the loud Spanish music or looking at what other people are eating. Whatever their clients choose to do, there comes a time when the waiter places the hot plate on the table, they pick up the fork, take a mouthful and then there is calm in the din of Los Dos Molinos. In fact there is a near- Nirvana experience with every bite of the carnitas or enchiladas. At the end the brusque manner of the waiting staff is forgotten, so is the long wait and restlessness.
4	Now if you like Mexican food and you prefer it HOT, I mean seriously HOT, Five Alarm HOT, then my friend Los Dos Molinos in the answer to your prayers. The food is wonderful, with combinations you'll find nowhere else. But seriously, did I mention it's hot? Oh and by the way, at Los Dos Molinos the green salsa is the HOT one not the red.No light-weight type meals here, and on their whole menu I think there are only 2 or 3 items not marked as HOT. But it is amazing how well you can deal with the pain when the food is so incredible.The place is a dive by any standards but well worth the trip. Try the Mexican Pizza, I dare you. Yes it's hot and yes it may take a while for your tastebuds to recover, but you will be addicted from the first bite!
4	Los Dos Molinos was located near my hotel, so I drove there one night without knowing much about the restaurant. I love it when you are not particularly expecting anything and the food turns out to be quite delicious. I did not think the salsas to be that hot, as some had mentioned, but I like my food quite hot. The service was friendly and efficient. Very large serving and quite reasonable for what you get and I certainly enjoyed a couple of large margaritas.
2	The salsa was great, especially the green. The main course was just okay. Wife's soft tacos were a soggy, nasty mess. My burrito was not bad actually, the chicken was tasty. Rice and beans are BLAND; rice seemed too old, a little crunchy like it was left over from lunch. Overall, not a good place compared to other places in the same price range. I will go here again for the salsa and margaritas, but not the food.
4	You better like very spicy or look somewhere else!The best they have is their salsas and the handmade tortilla. I was disappointed with the tacos (taco bell style) but the other dishes are tasty and like any small Mexican family restaurant (nothing fancy in Mexico). We go once every 2 months with my bf and he loves the chile poblano. I've tried their pork dishes and yummmmy!. After living 5 years in Mexico, this taste is pretty close...still I miss real tacos ...como del taquero :(. I never try burritos in these so called "Mexican" places as this is not real Mexican food for me, so don't ask me how they taste. Their tres leches cake is just good!.BTW the outside looks like a cheap bar...is not as nice looking as the one they have downtown PHX but inside same noisy and tasty environment.
5	I have lived in the area way too long to not have ever been to this restaurant.  Met up with friends for Saturday dinner to rectify that.  Adovada tamales were, of course, spicy but also quite flavorful.  Some of the best chips and salsa I have ever had and I can verify that the Kick-Ass Margarita is aptly named.  Great food, great service, great experience.
5	Awesome.  I guess it's a New Mexican hot, and New Mexican variation of Mexican food that is suppose to burn more in your throat than on your tongue?  That's what my friends we're saying but I was to busy being blown away to notice where the hot was coming from.Definitely Hot, we were all destroyed, we know that dairy is the only thing that combats hot, and so my husband who's not quite the toughest at spice asked for two orders of sour cream, we thought we saw the waiter chuckle but we're not sure.  :)  Oh and my friend who hates sour cream said that she liked their sour cream, and it was really good.Fresh just made Guacamole, amazing.  Adovada was amazing.  Sangria Margarita so good.Almost everything served here is hot, they say on their menu they have  no mild, so just a heads up.  Even my beans were hot!Casual dining in a strip mall festively decorated, including decorated suspended ceiling tiles.  The kind of local place that you know is going to be good.
3	I think that I shall ever see,Mexican restaurant wanna-bes.Restaurants whose salsa leaves me flatWhose margaritas  are not all thatWhose chimichangas are half friedAnd n'ere a fresh avacodo eyedAnd just because we are in the StatesShould not warrent Mexican second rateOh that mediocrity could be removedPhoenicians could be Mexican provedSpicy, saucy, hot and  with much con quesoThe difference would be Los Dos MolinosThe difference here is not cosmeticThe difference here will turn the skepticIf the tomales here were put to testYou'd find them more than worth your questBut bring the burrito to the table nowTo really get the sense of their real "wow"...Much more than this I cannot sayEat, sing, dance and saute'.
5	A friend of mine, who has lived here over 20yrs with his family, constantly badgered me to get to this place.  Finally, I had a weekend without travel or other plans and I gave in to the drive to Mesa for what was supposed to be awesome food.  THIS FOOD GOES TO 11....As I have grown older, I seem to be sweating more when I eat hot foods.  The salsa alone made me ask the waiter for a kitchen towel.  Both the red and green salsas packed a great bunch of heat, but not the crappy "burn the crap out of your mouth" type of heat.  It was a slow, mellow burn, with FLAVOR!  I knew I was in for a great meal.  I had to order a red chili tamale, and a carne adovada burro.  The chunks of roasted pork reminded me of the best osobucco I had ever cooked.  I cleared the plate and ever since I left the restaurant, I have this yearning to return.  I'm obsessed now... dreaming of when I can go back and eat more.
5	Excellent.
3	This was my second time at a Los Dos Molinos, first time at this location.  The first, at the south phoenix location, definitely has a lot more character on the outside and in.  This one just looks like your average strip-mall restaurant/bar.  It's not a particularly inviting part of Mesa, in my opinion, but I was in the mood for something spicy and I had just read the Best of Phoenix 2009 review on the Adovada Ribs and I had to go try it.So it was just my wife and I with our little girl.  We entered at the south doorway, not really sure what to expect.  The front of the building is all mirrored glass windows with neon signs.  There was a bar and a bigger banquet room behind that, but no one there.  But off to the right, there was a doorway with light and more noise so we cautiously made our way over.  There were about a dozen folks there, at various points in their meal, and that nice homey smell of good food.We got seated over by the north side, where there was another entrance that we didn't see.  It was kind of a dark corner, but it was okay.  There were a few other folks on this side two, and a big old expresso machine sitting on the other side.  Not sure if that gets used, because it looks more like a decoration.  Anyway, my wife doesn't like real spicy food so she got the bean and cheese burro, but I ordered the Adovada Ribs.  We enjoyed the tortilla chips along with the spicy red and green salsas.  That alone is worth coming out to Los Dos Molinos for.  It has a good burn, but wow, so much flavor and a good garlicky kick.It took a little while for them to come take our order, but the food came quickly.  There were folks around us having some large, very pretty margaritas, but we weren't drinking.  I'd probably get one next time.  The food was very good.  Served hot and wow, lots of spice!   It's good that they serve pitchers of water along with their food!  It's not just flaming heat, but a very nice complex blend of spice and flavor and heat, definitely not the average "mexican" flavors.  The beans are not the mushed up refried type, but they're stewed and perfectly seasoned and cooked.  My wife's bean and cheese had these beans in it too and it was not just the mush.I got so full, so quickly, because I was gulping down so much water with every bite!  But it was really really good food and it's definitely somewhere I'd want to bring my friends from out of town.I docked a star for the location/ambiance and another star for the charging a $1 for extra chips and another $1 for extra salsa.  Not that the salsa isn't worth it, but I just think it should be part of the service at a place like this.  It definitely encourages people to buy more drinks!
4	Went here for a company party a while back, so we had a private room and were limited to certain items set up buffet-style, so that's probably part of the reason I can only give it four stars at this time. Cheese crisp was ok, rice was decent, and the tacos were alright. I'm not a fan of bigger chunks of green peppers, onions, etc. mixed in with ground beef, and that's how they make theirs. I was a big fan of the salsa though, if you like it HOT there is no doubt that you must give Los Dos a try. I also have to give them credit for making a vicious Margarita. I didn't try one myself (I don't do tequila), however my dad who rarely drinks polished off two before our meal just to cope with the heat of the salsa, and ended up having ME drive home, with HIM hanging out the window like a teenage kid drunk on Mad Dog 20/20 for the first time! Absolutely one of the most hilarious nights of my life, and I have Los Dos Molinos to thank. Awesome!
4	Plenty of good, spicy New Mexican grub. The standard menu has the standards - tacos, tostados, enchiladas, which are fine for lunch, and would be even better for late night noshing if they were open later than the posted closing hour of 9PM. I went there for dinner with my brother from Apache Junction and my son from California. They get there more frequently than I do, coming in from New York, and I can see why it's one of their favorite Phoenix area  eating places.We arrived about 7:30 on a weekday night and were lucky to get the last table for 3 or 4. We started off with the 'Kick-Ass' pitcher of Margaritas, at $29 ,eight bucks more than the House Pitcher, but at least assured that it actually had some alcoholic content. We were right.In addition to the House Specialties on the regular menu, there was another sheet of Daily Specials. Every item on it, except one, had the traditional hot pepper beside it, indicating Spicy (New Mexico Chili). I knew this was my kind of place. Just to make sure, we requested and used (sparingly) a bottle of Hot Sauce for the table.  I got the roast pork dish from the Daily Special menu. Tender, juicy, flavorful, and highly recommended.Plenty to eat and drink; no need to waste your time on appetizers or desserts. Well, maybe some guacamole and chips while you're waiting. Attentive service makes it a pleasure to eat here. I understand that they also have an outpost in the Flatiron District in NYC, near Union Square, and about a block from a branch of Rosa Mexicana. Comparative review coming up.
5	Los Dos Molinos is THE BEST Mexican food in town; hands down!  I'm an AZ native so I've tried pretty much everything over the years, but they stand out for achieving a level of flavor and spice that's hard to find.  The ribs and pork roast are outstanding as are their margaritas and sangrias (very tasty but very powerful so be careful).   :)
4	If you love great margaritas & spicy mexican food you will LOVE Los Dos Molinos! The service isn't the best, but the food definitely makes up for it. The downside is they are closed on Sundays & Mondays.
1	I have heard such great things, but the actual event was so lack luster. It look an hour to get our order, I won't even mention how long it took for the waitress to take our order. The place wasn't even half full so I would hate to see if when they are busy. When the food came out, half the orders were wrong. The portions were odd and very light on any meat. The salas were both too spicy to be eaten with the chips which I think were three days old.NEVER AGAIN
5	Los is one of our favorite places to go - we even held our rehearsal dinner for our wedding there. Los is authentic and fun, with friendly staff. You can't find better (or hotter) New Mexican food in Arizona.
3	I've been here about four times.  I've had the fish tacos more than once, and they are pretty good, though I don't care too much for the cream sauce they douse them with on occasion.  The slow-roasted pork burrito is delicious.  Their refried beans and rice are pretty good.  They aren't bland like they are at many other restaurants.  The guacamole is not very good.  Two of the times I ordered it, it came out in some strange brownish, grayish color.  Expensive, too.  $3-4 for nothing more than three or four tablespoons.The prices overall are pretty expensive for a Mexican restaurant.  I'm not sure what it is with restaurants like this but MEXICAN FOOD IS NOT MEANT TO BE EXPENSIVE.  It is predominantly made from beans, rice, corn, flour, onions, tomatoes, peppers, and a little bit of meat.  So, why are we paying $13 for an entre?The atmosphere inside is awesome.  Just what you'd expect from a hole-in-the-wall Mexican joint (which, oddly enough, is in a strip mall).  BOTTOM LINE:  nice choice for a meal, though I think you can do better for the price (or just as good for cheaper).
5	If you don't like hot spicy food don't go here. Starting with the salsa it is a pure capascium burn. Really tasty. I prefer the Mesa location over the Phoenix location based solely on the fact that I rarely have to wait, while at the Phoenix location (Which has more ambience) there is often a wait.  I love the chorizo dip, even if it isn't listed they will make it for you. The green chili is also very good. Service is generally very good, even on a Friday night.
5	VERY NICE HOT SAUCE, and decent food. Great service friendly staff.I LUV the hot stuff so this is 5 stars!!! A BIT ON THE PRICEY SIDE!!!
5	I have been eating at Los Dos Molinos for over 25 years... can't get enough. New Mexican style, hatch chile flavor (HOT!)  The food taste awesome but, beware... it will make the back of your neck sweat.  Enjoy.
4	I'm kind of a snob when it comes to Mexican food. I was raised on the homemade stuff all my life so generally I don't bother to go to a mexican restaurant. Why would I when I can get much better stuff at home?Anyways, I was so pleased with Los Dos Molinos mexican food that it's now the place I suggest when our family is celebrating something.Their stuff is HOT HOT HOT, but if you don't like hot you can let them know and they'll help you find something that isn't spicy. The prices are a little up there but in my opinion its worth it. I imagine that their kitchen is full of Mexican grandmothers...that's how authentic it feels. (Don't tell me otherwise because I really like this fantasy)Their margaritas are really good too. You can tell it doesn't just come from a mix. and OH MY GOD THE SOPAPILLAS!!!!  My dad works for a company that inspects the top of gas ranges and he serviced this restaurant and said that it was the cleanest restaurant kitchen he'd ever seen. (Believe me he has some horror stories)My only problem is that it didn't feel like they had the air on at all. They have ceiling fans but come on...it's 115 outside.
5	Love this place. Ribs are unbelievable, but be sure to ask your server for off menu specials. Kick ass pitchers are amazing
5	new dish at the Los--new Mexican calabacita-deliciouso!!! the dish compose of squash potatoes green chiles mixed with ground beef and corn served with corn tortillas.
2	I don't understand the hype??The margarita was good.  The chips were good.  The salsa is so hot I can't even taste the "flavor".  My guacamole tostada was tasteless.  I had to dump salt on it even to eat the entire thing.  No flavor what-so-ever... I think hot is the only flavor they know.
3	We went here based on a random recommendation. The chips and salsa were very good. The food is quite hot.
1	The salsa had no taste, it was just ridiculously hot. If you enjoy sweating while you eat, maybe thumping your chest & proclaiming how tough you are, it might be just what you're looking for. The food was bland & literally covered in thick skin of cheese that was also tasteless. Or who knows, maybe my taste buds were just shot after the salsa! The margaritas were OK, but not good enough to make me want to go back. The waitress was very nice & they had lively decor & music.
2	Booo.... What a freaking disappointment!  Bf and I have been so excited to try Los Dos Molino's, but were severely let down.   Starting with the salsa, it was hot and that was about it.  There was no flavor and no salt.  I ordered the cheese enchiladas with blue corn tortillas topped with red sauce.  What I got was two yellow corn tortillas stacked on top of each other smothered with red sauce with maybe 2 Tablespoons of cheese sprinkled on top.   The sauce had a weird flavor, almost burnt, I can't really describe it. The beans were runny and the rice was dry.   Bf didn't particularly enjoy his chicken burro enchilada style either. I think this place received a lot of hype a few years ago which is the only reason people keep going, because the food is definitely below average.  We will not be back.
4	Los Dos serves up a mean friggin Chimichanga. Your choice of meat, deep-fried and topped with guacamole, sour cream and New Mexico green chili sauce. If this fried burro mecca provided free chip and salsa refills it would get the 5-star Monte! Great margaritas and brew too!
4	The salsa is spicy and the margaritas are strong.  The food is spicy but I could handle hotter.  The portions are reasonable and the prices are moderate.  The owner can regularly be seen there and has stopped to see how I'm doing more often then not.  I prefer the mesa location over the Phoenix one simply because it's easier to get to and usually less crowded.
5	By and far the best Spicy/Hot food I've ever had. The perfect mix between hot and nom. The drinks are huge and sooooo good, two will knock you down good. You get about exactly what you pay for, any higher in price and it would be " a little expensive". Once  again, NOM
4	Yes, the salsa is hot.  So much so, that your seared taste buds might not be able to enjoy the culinary splendor that is the rest of your meal.  Great traditional New Mexican fare.  Spend your time with one of their pork dishes or rellenos. Great friendly service.  And they've got a great "this is what you'd get if you drove through a small town in New Mexico on a Friday night and were looking for a place to eat and mingle with the locals" kind of ambiance.
1	I've never written a review before, though I definitely read them when I'm looking at trying a new place!  However, I couldn't wait to get home tonight to write a review for Los Dos Molinos in Mesa.  I have been going to this restaurant for over 20 years, though I haven't been in a long time.  My boyfriend and I drove quite a distance to get here.  Bottom line, everything was horrible!  We ordered "kick ass" margaritas - they were fair.  For dinner, we got the adovada chimichanga with the green chili sauce and the red chili beef plate.  The chimichanga was soggy, not crispy at all, and the waiter, who was one of the family members, told us the green chili is hot.  There was NO spice to it!  And the soggy tortilla was absolutely unacceptable!  The red chili beef plate didn't scream "Where's the beef?", it screamed, "Where's the red chili sauce?!!!".  And the flour tortillas were the worst we have ever had.  They were the thickest tortilla we have ever seen, and they were so overcooked, that most of it was inedible.  They were stale, hard, and way too thick.  We were hungry, so we ate what we could.  When the family member finally came over and asked us how dinner was, and we relayed to him how awful it was...and handed him the inedible tortilla, which he made a grimace, he did absolutely nothing!  We were SO disappointed!  One of the things I was surprised about when I walked in was that at 5:30 on a Friday night, the restaurant was mostly empty.  Previously, years ago, when I had gone, you would wait for over an hour for a table, and it was worth it!  Not any more!  Don't waste your time or your money!  We will not be going back!
5	I've had lunch here twice and dinner last night.  The green chile pork stew is the most flavorful stew I've ever put in my mouth, restaurant or homemade, and the sopapillas that come with it are the best I've ever had and hot out of the pot.  Even the Mexican rice is tastier and moister than anywhere else, and for dessert we had one of their pumpkin empanadas, to die for.  Friendly, efficient service, generous portions.  Worth searching out and easy to get to via 60, take the Alma School Road exit.  Don't overshoot and turn into the garage next door, not a lot of room in the little lot to back and fill so you can get out again.
1	The service is horrible. Do not go here for dinner, unless you have a lot of time. It took 2 hours just to get food. Once it gets there the food I good but you have to put up with the people
4	If you are a fan of spicy fare like I am, then you need to add Los Dos to your culinary bucket list.I have been coming to the Mesa location for years now, and whenever I run into someone who also enjoys spicy food, I always go out of my way to bring them here.The red and green salsas here are hot, as are a good portion of the menu items. If you have a weak stomach, there are milder choices on the menu - but beware of anything with the chili logo next to it. They use New Mexican chilies for these menu items, and they are hot.My two favorite dishes here are combo plates #5 (Beef Green Chili Burro) and #6 (Machaca Burro) - both enchilada style with rice and beans. These go down great with a glass or two of Dos Equis Lager.I usually visit Los Dos during the lunch hour, and the parking lot can be a zoo if you arrive during the peak of the lunch rush. Save yourself some frustration and plan on getting here a little earlier than normal for lunch (and don't make the mistake of parking in a marked space from a neighboring business). For dinner, I've arrived at 5pm and found only two other tables occupied, but that doesn't last long - by 5:45 the place is filling up pretty fast.I was a little surprised by some of the other reviews regarding service here. I have yet to have a bad experience here, but it is somewhat of a hot spot, so with that comes a little pain. As far as price goes - it is somewhat more expensive than other Mexican restaurants, but it's not like I'm eating here every week, so not a big deal for me.What I like the most about Los Dos Molinos is that it is not just about the heat - it's about flavor. Anything that completely kills your taste buds is a loser in my opinion, but these guys know how to mix the right combination of the two together, and the result is perfection.
5	The roast pork is to die for!The red salsa is definitely hot, but I like hot.
5	A TOTAL DIVE WITH AMAZING FOOD! Guy Fieri needs to go here, and I am emailing him to let him know about this place.  We went on Thursday, April 7th as it was my daughter's birthday and she chose this as her place to go for lunch. She had been here before but it was my first time. If you don't know where you are going you would pass right by this place, and from the outside it doesn't look like much. Once inside, you pick a table and a waiter/waitress will come to you. The decor is not fancy, but it is fun and festive. We were asked for our drink order, and then the chips and salsa arrived. They bring a pot of red salsa, and a pot of green salsa. AMAZING RED SALSA. Be warned the salsas are spicy. You can take a first taste,think nothing of it... .and then comes the heat. We did order 2 more pots of salsa (fyi there is a charge for extra salsa). I liked the red much more than the green. The green was good too, but the red salsa has a great flavor and heat.      My daughter ordered a bean chimichanga with red sauce, I ordered the chile relleno dinner and ice cold beer. Shocker I know that I didn't order a margarita. The food is very, very good. I love chile rellenos and my dinner at Los Dos didn't disappoint. My daughter's chimi plate was also very good. The flavor of the food is authentic, and so good! We ordered guacamole and it tasted like they just made it...so yummy!     Parking can get very interesting during peak times so be aware. The service was great, and we will return here again. I can't wait to take my mom here, she will love it.
3	The customer service is horrible which is too bad because the food is great. But button-line is I just can't ever go back, customer service is key to enjoying a meal.
5	Really Really Crap Decor. Lousy Parking Lot. I liked the first Weinershnitzel location on the corner better. Hard to find for friends who are first timers! Same applies for the South Central Location... except the decor is fun there.But who cares! Just say Carne Adovado Ribs...or burrito...or whatever, and stick an egg on top. I have driven hundreds of miles to come back for those, and if I was in NYC, their now-closed outpost was salvation. And, when I first visited Santa Fe, and started touring their restaurants, I was able to say..."hot...You think this is hot? You need to try Los Dos Molinos!!!"I remember watching my father sweat for hours when he first tried the hot sauces, and they haven't changed one bit. Margaritas are cloyingly sweet, but who cares...with the hot sauce and spices in the dishes, the sweetness actually works, and its about the only place where that doesn't upset me.This might be consistently the worst balanced pitcher of margaritas i ever order, and when I am here, I enjoy every drop!!!!!!!!!!The service can really suck on a weekend night on Central, but they're nice about it, and they've been putting up with me for 25 years now since they opened in Mesa.And, after 25 years, I love seeing Vicky in the kitchen with a picture of the French Country house on the wall outside to show its been worthwhile for her too- well done. Because you've brought culinary joy to my life since you came down from Springerville.
5	I love the food at all of Los Dos Molinos restaurants. It is my favorite Mexican restaurant in the WORLD.   I have never had a bad meal here.  Also, their food is excellent.  HOT but excellent.  Their salsa is hot and delicious and margaritas are pretty great too.  I usually stick with the enchilada plate most of the time.  Although the ribs and chili beans are excellent too if you can take the heat.  Also the place is run by the family and you can usually find one of them any given day at the restaurant eager to please.
1	Worst customer service I have ever experienced - unfortunate because the food was really good. After the waiter took our order, we never saw him again. Never came over to ask if we needed refills (which is necessary since the food is spicy) and didn't get everything we ordered. Pointed it out to the waiter, but still never got our guacamole and they still tried to charge me for it. Also, my wife had to carry her plate to the cashier just to get her leftovers boxed since the waiter just dropped the check off as he ran by.  If the service was even decent, I would be a frequent customer, but because the service was so bad, I won't go back again.
2	This place was kind of disappointing. I was excited to try some spicy Mexican food, but it just wasn't that great. I went here with the BF tonight and the service was quite bad. We got there at about 7:45 pm and were seated. Then we waited, and waited, and waited, about 15 minutes before the waiter even took our order. Then we proceeded to wait about another 30 minutes for our food. Also, the salsa they gave us was spicy, but the flavors were weird and neither of us really liked it much. When our food finally got there, it was also a disappointment. I ordered the combo #1 which was a taco and a cheese enchilada. The enchilada was actually pretty good, with a decent flavored sauce, but the taco was not good. The meat was tough and flavorless. The combo had a chili pepper next to it, so I thought it would be spicy, but it was kind of bland. The BF got a bean and cheese burrito and said it was alright, but nothing special. Maybe people really like this place because of the margaritas, they did look good, and probably would have made the food taste better and the service seem quicker. However, we did not get any margaritas. Also, it was very expensive for what we got, around 23$ with no drinks..... way too much for the quality of food they are serving. We will not be back.
4	Parking:  It sucks, deal with it, it isn't as bad as some places.Decor:  Come on people it's about the food, the place is clean and the chairs are comfy.Service:  Well, I've always gotten pretty good service, they can be slow on the bill and sometimes they disappear, but in general I order, get my drinks, get my food and that's about all.Food:  It's AWESOME, it's HOT, it's NEW MEXICAN Chili's!!!!  I love the green chili pork, I also get a side of sour cream to cool my mouth, but I think it is perfect!  The drinks are strong, the deserts are really good, I don't need much more out of a restaurant.  Don't have super high expectations, understand the food is SPICY, and be prepared to be wowed!
4	Awesomely hot food!  You gotta try this place!
4	I have been here 3 times now.  I can't complain. Hot means Hot here.
5	The best food I've had in Mesa by FAR!!! Great service. You do have to wait for some really good food. Trust me, after trying their food, I deserved to wait even longer. The chips and salsa are very delicious. This is a great place to eat at if you love spicy food. I ordered the Carne Adovada Burro (Burrito) Enchillada Style. It was the so delicious! I highly recommend this place!
5	This place was AWESOME!!! I went in solo for lunch the other day.  I sat at the bar and was greeted immediately with water, chips, and salsa.  The green salsa was super spicy and delicious while the red was more mild but still delicious.  I order the chile relleno and an enchilada.  The green chili sauce was fantastic, just enough kick to it. The cheese that they use there was some of the creamiest cheese I have ever had at a Mexican restaurant.  I would recommend this place to everyone!!! Great service, great food, and great people.
4	SPICIEST SALSA EVER!!  I have never left a good salsa bowl empty at mexican restaurant, but I could not finish their salsa.  It was very good, but VERY spicy.  Enchilada was really good as well, but pretty pricey.  I would probably return frequently if it was more reasonably priced.
4	We eat here probably once a week. We have for years now... there is no better Mexican food in the East Valley as far as I'm concerned. It's family-owned establishment, so over the years, we've gotten to know everyone. For us, it's kinda like Cheers (e.g., "Norm!")... and I've noticed that they're like that with all their regulars, so I think that's really cool. That kind of thing is rare...The food is amazing. The garlic pork roast burrito is the yummiest thing in the world, and since I became a vegetarian, it's the only thing I truly miss in terms of being a carnivore. But they have been keeping me happy even as a vegetarian. The red and green chile are SPICY. like atomic hot, so be careful. It took me a long time to get used to ti, but it's SO good. They also have plenty of non-spicy options if you're not feeling brave.The ONLY reason they don't get 5 stars is because the service is hit or miss. And how busy they are doesn't seem to relate directly to the service quality. Sometimes they're on top of it, and sometimes we feel like we're being ignored.But overall, the atmosphere and the quality of the food make it worth every visit.
3	What brought me to Los Dos Molinos? My friends and I don't venture out to this part of town too often but we were craving Mexican food and a quick search of Yelp on my phone brought up this place nearby with a generous amount of good reviews so we figured we'd give it a shot as well.Atmoshphere: I'm originally from El Paso, TX and I'm quite used to my Mexican food at local and border establishments. As soon as I walked into Los Dos Molinos I felt right at home, it was very authentic looking and I became very nostalgic and a little homesick. Food:The staff was friendly and the food is prepared to order so it may take a while to get your meal. Be patient.I got the Carnitas plate (a little over $13) which came with cooked pork, beans, rice, lettuce, and a flour tortilla (which tasted and reminded me more of pita bread than flour tortillas you may be used to).The pork was very tender and the juices from it were so delicious! Unfortunately everything else on the plate was very lackluster.I had some friends accompany me and asked them to describe their meals (whoo! lucky you getting a 3 for 1 review! :-P) One had the #7 Combo and as a look of disappointment struck him he said that the chicken was very moist but flavorless.The other had the Beef and Chicken Flautas which had an interesting taste. Pretty good actually (almost wish I had gotten those instead) but different perhaps because they were wrapped in that same thick tortilla I described earlier.Portions were good as well, we left so stuffed we didn't even get to try the sopapillas. :(Price: For the hole in the wall look, the way the meal was plated/served (the food definitely doesn't look like the pictures they post on their website so don't expect fancy stuff) and with the quality of the food you really wouldn't expect these plates to be well over $10. I also longed for a simple dollop of sour cream that I felt would really make my meal but for the $2-3/per side price I didn't feel it was worth it. For the three of us total (all specialty or dinner plates and only water for drinks) the check came out to $38, something you should think about if you're taking a group there and/or are on a budget.Overall:The group consensus was an average of 3 out of 5 stars. As far as Mexican food in Arizona goes...I've had better (that's what she said?)Would I go back again? No. I won't say not to try it either (it's not horrible...just meh...and I don't like wasting time or money on "meh" places and food) but just consider this review a "heads up" if you do.
4	I came here for lunch with my coworkers. Unfortunately we could not drink an margaritas because we had to go back to work, but the drink menu looked interesting. Overall, good food. I really enjoyed the New Mexico chili spices.  The food was spicy but not overbearing as I had been previously warned. I I ordered the adovado soft tacos.  Adovada was TASTY; tender, soft, moist, everything you want and more from meat. The rice and beans were standard.  Service was okay, nothing outstanding. I had to get up and ask the server for drink refills.
5	Awesome!!! The food has some heat, but it's balanced with bold flavor and wonderful margaritas.
4	Authentic good food.  Casual place and visually nothing special.  The server was funny and cool, the food was great.  Our group ordered a variety of things from tacos to burritos and a whole bunch of things to go into here.  Everything was very good and tasty.  The only thing we thought was that the margs could have been better, nore simple and authentic.  They are a bit americanized with maybe sweet and sour, which sucks.  The food and beer are great though.
5	"If you can't stand the heat--stay out of the kitchen"--that is their motto and they mean it. Absolutely the best New Mexican fare around. It is almost a hole in the wall,eclectic decoration and a very cheerful and friendly staff.I generally have the Adovada or Carnitas--bring the cerveza please! Fantastic and flavorfull and plenty of heat--not for the meek.l. The wife loves an array of items but her fav's are the Burritos,Chimi's & Taco's--absoulutey authentic and fantastic. They serve a variety of draft and bottled beer as well as a full bar.http://www.losdosmolinosaz.net/
4	It's spelled Chile if you are referring to NM chiles. Other than that my lunch was very good! I ordered the adovado enchiladas with red and green and a fried egg. The egg was perfect, the adovado was the most tender I've ever had and I've eaten plenty in NM. The chile was hot but still not like eating it in NM but I'm very particular about chile. The kids were happy with bean & cheese burros and a cheese crisp. The salsa was hot but too salty. Dos XXs on draft. Waitress was fine. Decor tried to be too NM while spelling chile as chili which was annoying. I have to say it was very pricey (IMO)  about $12 per plate kid's burro $6.95. Overall good experience.
1	Heard so many positive reviews and word of mouth.  So I was excited to try this place, especially with all the hype that they use all the New Mexico related marketing.  My instinct should have kept me away.  The way any respectible New Mexican knows you splell Chile (with an E at the end), this should have been the first sign at how bad it was going to be.  Anybody that is used to real New Mexican fare, don't go here!  The food is absolutely atrocious.  I feel so ripped off that I had to overpay for this garbage, yes overpay, it way overpriced and the drinks are watered down.  I really feel for the people that have not had the chance to eat real quality food and they think this place is special.  Wow!  Stay away!
2	I have tried Los Dos Molinos several times.  After my first time I only went per my visitor's request.  The food is so hot you can't eat.  You end up drinking too much and still hungry.  I know and enjoy authentic mexican food. This is NOT mexican food.
4	Finally got around to trying the Arizona staple known as Los Dos Molinos. Yes, it is not traditional Mexican food, its actually New Mexican style. However, if you live in AZ, eating at Los Dos is a must! Went with my husband to this location on our first visit. Normally, this is not the type of place that I would eat at. This particular location appears to be in an old car windshield repair building. However, the inside is clean and cozy. My only complaint really is that the some of the tables (such as the one we sat at) are really large and if you are sitting across from people, it feels like they are miles away! The second time visiting Los Dos was at their new Ahwatukee location. I enjoyed this location very much. We went on a weeknight and there was live music. Not only that but the location is new and really nice inside. Now on to the food. I think it says something about the food when I say we went there a second time. The first time we went, I had the tamale and taco combo. Although spicy, the food was absolutely delicious. Yes its hot but its not super hot to where you can't taste the flavors. Both the salsa's were hot although I think the green is a little milder because there is more lime in it to tame it down. The sauce on the green corn tamale I had was very spicy but tasty. The tamale itself was good although I prefer mine a bit on the sweeter side. It really is preference though. Some people don't like sweet green corn tamales and if that is the case, the one at Los Dog is probably perfect for ya. The taco was delicious and not super spicy although you can tell that there is some spice in the meat. The husband has had the chimichanga with the adovada twice now and has really enjoyed it although he said that he was crying the first time he ate it due to the spice. The beans and rice are decent although they are really just there for the "cool down" period. The beans are whole pintos and although they taste good, I prefer refried. I especially would have preferred refried on my second visit when I ordered the tostada )it comes with the whole pintos). But to each his own, it really depends on preference. I think Los Dos is a very good place with terrific New Mexican food. However, if you are not into spicy foods, its probably best for you to steer clear. They manage to put spice in everything it seems...A tip: The Ahwatukee location has a special I believe on Wednesday that is a bucket of beers for 10.00. It actually seems like a good deal.
4	Great enchiladas. Just spicy enough. I wasn't a fan of the margaritas though.
5	I've lived in AZ for, around five years, and I have seriously avoided eating here after reading yelp reviews for two reasons:A). people's comments about the level of spiciness.Look. I have taken a bite out of a raw habanero and said, "eh." I can handle it. But I've always been afraid to bring anyone I'd want to dine with here for fear they wouldn't be able to eat the food.B). The comments about the service.So much whining about the service.Let me tell you. Everyone who says the food is SOOO SPICY--you are why I cannot have nice things! The food is this really lovely level of burn. I could eat hotter but my husband can handle it here as well, and really enjoys it, so no, it's not too spicy. Order the flautas if you're someone who can't handle a packet of mild sauce at a Taco Bell. There are non-spicy things on the menu. Do not ruin spicy food for the picante lovers out there. Stop ruining all of the spicy food. You are why wing places tone down their suicide wings. Because you order suicide wings and expect them to be ketchup. Stop it. Just stop this now.The service. Yeah, it's not Applebees. No ten minutes or it's free. It's a small restaurant. Whatever. Every time I've gone the food has come out quickly and the water has been replaced quickly, but man it's so good I really have no problem waiting for it while I suck on a margarita. Also, the margaritas are the bomb diggety. I always get the prickly pear margarita and it is strong and delicious. The carne avodava burro special is the greatest thing since sliced bread. I trade off on this and the green chile stew. Just totally friggin' fabulous. I love Los Dos Molinos and I finally feel like living in AZ isn't horrible anymore. I cannot believe I feared coming here in the past, and I've been eating here like once a week to make up for lost time. I know it's New Mexican cuisine and not technically Mexican, but it satisfied the gaping hole in my heart for delicious Mexican food of the variety I enjoyed while living in So Cal. Sooo yeah. Los Dos Molinos. I dig it.
5	Believe it or not, I believe it is hard to find good quality, spicy, non-greasy, mexican/new-mexican food in Phoenix.  However, this place has passed the test.  The food truly has a kick to it, and the best part: they left out the chewy fatty meat bites, and greasy make-you-feel-sick-afterwards slime.  Have you every seem a non-greasy chimmi? If you like spice, you need to try Los Dos Molinos.
4	It is insanely hard to find good New Mexican food outside of New Mexico.  Actually it's hard to find any New Mexican food outside of New Mexico.  Having lived in Phoenix for 6 years and frequently traveling to New Mexico, I am sad it took me so long to finally try Los Dos.  It was excellent.  Be prepared, New Mexican food is quite a bit spicier than traditional Mexican food.Don't forget to finish your meal with a little sopapilla with honey for dessert!
5	Got back to the Valley of the Sun after being away all summer to find that Los Dos Molinos is now open 7 days a week, including Sunday brunch starting at 11:00. We had the Huevos Rancheros and they were great. Headed back with friends next Sunday to sample more of the menu. Oh--and BTW--the Bloody Mary's are great too!
5	I'm in love with this place. I've yet to try a margarita here but I hear they are good. I can't get enough of their been chimi. And their sour cream is so delicious!!!! I always leave here with a food baby.
2	Ok so I had high expectations when we found this place. We had heard great things about the margaritas and those were nearly accurate. My girlfriend had the house blended lime margarita and loved it. This restaurant definitely caters to the Arizonians who are looking for americanized Mexican food. I ordered a chicken Burro which came with the red and green enchilada sauce. I love spicy food so this was very disappointing. The worst part of the whole experience was that the menu said to "be patient" while waiting for the food to come out, and we should have known then. It took FOR EVER to get our food, had to beg our bro'd out waiter for more chips and never had our waters refilled. It was definitely not worth the high prices and we won't be coming back here.
5	Carne Avavado or Machaca. You can't go wrong with either dish. Also, this was hands down some of the best service I've ever had....anywhere. no B.S. Next time I'm in the Phoenix/Mesa region, I'm making sure this place is on my agenda.
5	The glory that is Los Dos Molinos. If you haven't been, and you are reading this review, GO! I love this place. It was how I converted my east coast husband to the religion of Mexican food. The reviewers that claim it's too hot are clearly feeble. I love the green chili. I also love the enchiladas specifically because of the thick, delicious corn tortillas. You must get a margarita too - they are huge and full of booze (in other words, exactly as they should be).
5	OKay here is my second review and of course it is of Mexican Food of course. Phoenix has so many great Mexican food Places. I love New Mexican style food and so when I was told of this place I looked on yelp and found mixed reviews. But if you like Hatch Chiles then this is the place for you. If you don't like HOTTT food then you can still eat here and get great authentic New Mexican Food but ask the server for recommendations that are not hot. The House Margaritas are very good and a necessity if you want to keep cool. You have to try it, you will love it!
5	Excellent "New Mexican" food.  Nice amount of heat, not to spicy.  We tried a variety of dishes all equally good.  Service was friendly and spot on.
5	I've been eating at Los Dos since they had the little restaurant on Main and Alma School. There is no better New Mexican style anywhere. My favorite, especially when I have a cold (or it IS cold), is the green chile stew. Un-believ-ably good. Enjoy!
4	We've lived here for 10 years and I've been training myself to eat hotter food over that time. The first time we went to Los Dos was almost 20 years ago and I could hardly eat the food, it was so hot. Now I just salivate when I think of it.I used to eat the Garlic Shrimp which is tasty but not hot. I've graduated. I love the Garlic Roast Pork and the Green Chile Stew. Unlike the other entrees which normally come with rice, beans and a tortilla, the Green Chile Stew comes with rice, beans, sour cream and 4 sopapillas. Yum! It was so good! We had the Garlic Pork and Green Chile Stew last Sunday... and my hubby drove in from Gold Canyon to bring the same plates home tonight. I'm set for a few weeks now. I'm not crazy about their salsas, personal preference.  Their chips are nice and hefty.This is a NEW MEXICAN restaurant, not Mexican. You can compare the two things, but they're not the same. It gives the initial appearance of being a dark & dirty dive, but it's not. It's clean. I don't have to check my seat or table before I sit.Parking can be a problem but who cares? The food is worth it. Service sometimes lapses... see above.I wish it was in my backyard instead of @25 miles away.
5	For the absolute best in New Mexican cuisine, this is the place to go!! Fairly priced, nice atmosphere. Don't ask for mild because they don't know how to make that.
4	Do you like it HOT?  If so, this is the place for you.  If not, well, there's always Taco Hell...It's about the food.  It's New Mexican style, it's generally spicy, and it's the best in the Phoenix metro area. There are some kinda mild items on the menu, but if you're looking for mild, stop kidding yourself, look somewhere else.  If you're looking for medium, do yourself a favor, look somewhere else.  If you are looking for the best balance of heat and flavor in the region, this is the place for you!  The salsas are great (and available for take-out).  The carne adovada (anything) is fantastic.  And the margaritas are good.The servers are polite, and the service is good (if occasionally a bit on the slow side), but this place is not about the service-- it's about the food.Parking can be a bit inconvenient; you may have to park in back. It's location in a little auto strip-mall is a bit odd, but this could be ideal if you also needed to have some body work done, or you wanted to buy a custom motorcycle. But it's not about the parking, or the location-- it's about the food!So what's it gonna be?  Flavor and heat?  Or something else...
5	Wow was this food good! I just went here for the first time and I was surprised by how good the food was since I haven't found a good mexican restaurant since moving to Phoenix. The food here was incredible- I ordered the Green Chile Plate and the beef was melt in your mouth delicious as was the tortilla. The salsas that were served were delicious as well, and I preferred the green one! Nothing was too spicy but it had a good amount of spice. I will undoubtedly be coming back here when I crave mexican food.
4	Who needs fancy, uppity places on Scottsdale Road when you have amazing hole in the wall type places like this?!  This place has it all....good food, ginormous drinks, warm atmosphere, and awesome service.  Four of us dined here for dinner the other night.  Our server was fantastic!  He was outgoing and personable.  He explained some of his favorite items on the menu and suggested some great drinks!  I had the sangria margarita and not only was it a pretty looking drink, but it was also yummy!  It was red sangria and had margarita swirled in it.  I wasn't a huge fan of the red salsa, but the green salsa was hot hot hot!  Their guacamole was also fresh.  For my entree, I went with the shredded beef flautas.  I thought it was a bit overcooked, but still good.  I wasn't complaining.  Everyone was satisfied with their entrees.  If you are looking for good Mexican food with great service, this is the place to go!
4	Flying into town on business, this was my first stop before I even made it to the resort.  It came highly recommended by a local and it was delicious!  I had the Chimichanga, Adovada, Christmas-style.  I know that probably doesn't make any sense, but if you've read my reviews and you trust my opinion, do it.  It's a chimi stuffed with the most amazing meat, topped with both their famous red and green sauces.  Hot and spicy!  Yum!  Drinks.  Oh boy.  Big and refreshing.  I had what the referred to as a "kick ass" margarita.  My bestie had a sangria margarita and another friend had something with "dog" in the title.  It was a frozen margarita with a Corona in it.  I've been down that road before.  I decided to stick with the "kick ass" margs.  I had two...or was it three?
3	We were pleasantly surprised by the cleanliness and great service. The hot salsa lived up to its reputation, but the chips left much to be desired. Unfortunately, the entrees were rather bland and we probably won't be back.
4	Great down and dirty Mexican. Chips 1st quality: substantial. Salsas tasty and spicy. Chicken Victoria tender. Didn't have, but the Sopapillas look awesome. Fun colorful atmosphere, good mex music.
5	Loved the place! I had some Pork roast awesomeness, and the chili-dip both really good. As tasty as the food was, there was way more than I could eat. We also got an unknown number of margarita pitchers that just kept coming. Needless to say, next time I'm in Mesa, this is a must visit!
5	OMG.  The best authentic Mexican food.  Spicy - yes.  If you can't hang, don't go.  But it is darn good.
5	Food, Service, and drinks are all top notch. I love spicy food and Los Dos delivers. My wife doesn't like it as spicy and there are options for her...Flautas! You MUST have the Adobada Ribs if you love intense heat WITH flavor. Kick Ass Margerita is great but I opt for the house Margo with a shot of one of their hundred tequilas...Cuervo Tres Generations for me. Anyway, you can get in and out quickly or stay for hours, relax, and enjoy! Cheers to John & John and the staff!
4	The best New Mexico food I've had outside the 505. The red salsa is good and spicy but the green salsa is SPICY! The carne adovada relleno and chimichange were excellent topped with their green chile sauce.Service is a little on the slow side but also very polite. I would definitely recommend this restaurant and bar if you like spicy food!
4	I quite enjoyed my trip to Los Dos Molinos.  The atmosphere is pretty casual, so this isn't exactly a great spot to bring a fancy date or hold an important business meeting, but the layout, decor, and ambiance is great for a night out with friends or family.  The place isn't huge, but it's not small, and it's good for most groups.Anyway, enough about the physical location: what really matters is food.  Los Dos Molinos makes great traditional-style Mexican food.  There's no avant garde inventiveness coming out of the kitchen or anything like that, but they have a huge menu with options for everyone, and the nice things is, if you are familiar with Mexican food, you'll feel right at home in their menu.  The ingredients are fairly high quality and fresh, and the food is executed just about perfectly.  And they make amazing salsa!The prices aren't particularly low, but they're not bad - about average for this kind of place.  However, when you consider the mammoth size of their portions, two people could easily share a meal, or you could take some home and have two meals.  Not a bad value at all.Overall, this is a great neighborhood Mexican joint.  They cook up hearty and delicious food that would appeal to everyone.  If you have friends or family in town from a place without a big Mexican food presence, Los Dos Molinos is a good option for showing them some of the great traditional cuisine we are so lucky to have in the Valley of the Sun.
5	Los Dos Molinos is always a treat.I've had the chance to visit all their locations in the Phoenix area. The Mesa and South Phoenix restaurants never disappoint.The green and red salsa are both HOT (really, hot) so be prepared. It's a welcome change from some of the milder restaurants in the area. This isn't Macayos. If you don't like spicy food - steer clear.I recommend the beef tacos or the enchilada platter (it comes with an egg on top to help cool your mouth down). The employees are extremely friendly.Great experience every time.Bon appetite.
4	Always a great place, we visit Los Dos 1-2x everytime we are in Phoenix yearly. This time we gave the Mesa location a go, opposed to the original. Food and service were great as usual, however the food didnt seem as spicy as at the original Los Dos and the ambiance is not the same...has more of the standard restuarant look and feel. Not a knock at all...still amazing food regardless!!!
4	I usually frequent the Chandler location these days since it's closer to my house. This particular location has a broader menu so it's more fun to take out of town friends.  Like the other locations most everything is extremely spicy.  Although they actually have a few things that are not  hot and the non-spice eaters I have taken thought it was really good without being firey like the rest of the menu.  So if you have squeamish friends pick this location.  The food is great and always tastes like it's just prepared with great tortillas. The service is a bit slow sometimes, but the the staff is always very nice and the food and margaritas never disappoint.. The salsa is extremely hot at all their locations so warn your friends when you go.Try:- Chili Renos- New Mexican Enchiladas- Adovada- Prickly Pear Margaritas
4	Have been here 3 times in the past year, and this place has not disappointed. Probably the best place for mexican food in the Phoenix/Chandler/Scottsdale area. Love the Guacamole, and the salsa has a real kick to it. Huge margarita glass!
5	Went in for lunch yesterday because I met one of the owners and his wife the other night and they told me to check it out. SO HAPPY I DID!! It was soooo good! I love Mexican food and I've never tried New Mexican food... this food is WAY better than any Mexican food I've ever had. I want to go back and try everything on the menu! There is so much flavor and spice in the food it's unbelievable. They also have a nice margarita menu!! I can't wait to go back many, many times! Everyone is very friendly!
2	Completely over priced for what this is. Food is extremely hot to cover the lack of any type of flavor. Pitcher of beer prices are decent. Go somewhere else... this place is lacking in taste, service and quality..
4	I would go to this place JUST for the chips and salsa.  The red and green are both very flavorful and spicy.  This was my first time going to this location and I decided to make the drive for the salsa.  They were at the My Nana's Salsa Challenge, and won, so I decided it was worth the drive.  They did not disappoint..  We ordered a plain cheese crisp, carne adovada burro, and a shredded beef burro.  Somewhat boring choices on our part, but they were really tasty.  The adovada was fantastic.  I could eat that every day, given the opportunity.  And the green salsa was just soooooooo delish!!!!!Service was a bit sketchy.  We were there tonight, on a quiet Sunday, and were "forgotten" after we got our food.  But I'd forgive a little bit of sketchy service for a re-do of those chips and salsa!!!
5	This is a GREAT find!  Thank you Yelp and all of you! If you like authentic New Mexican Mexican food with chilis, you have found the the right place. Friendly staff, outstanding Sangria, and cold beer. What else do you need!
4	Went to Los Dos Molinos yesterday and I was impressed with it. Although, as some Yelpers have said the service is SLOW, especially when it was 2:30 PM On Sunday. It took a while to get our food and even a while for someone to take our order. However, our drink order was taken care of right away as soon as we sat down by a busboy. It was OK. I wanted to try the Prickly Pear Margarita, but at $7.25 for a small one, I thought better of it and ordered a soda (ONE Free Refil for $1.75). They did provide really good chips and Red and Green Salas which are HOT. Just how I like it.After we had finished the chips they had asked us if we wanted more chips. I asked if they were free and the waitress said it would be $1.00 extra for chips and $1.00 for salsa. That really irked me :(. But, we ordered and I had the Pozole with Oregano  Chile Pequin mix, onions, lettuce, tomato, and a lime in there. It was $10.50. The Pozole Bowl came out and it was a fairly good size. My wife had the Carne Adovada chimichanga and that was pretty good. Since she chose the Rice & Beans with it it was $12.50 instead of $10.50 for just the chimmi. Hers was good as well and spicy. **** TIP **** If you "Checkin" to Los Dos Molinos on yelp you will receive a free cheese crisp with or without the Green Hatch Chile (We got ours with the Green Chile). It just shows up immediately on your phone if you do and you show it to your waitress and thats it. You get it for free. Just thought id point it out to my fellow yelpers out there. All in all the food was wonderful, the service was a little slow but since we had nowhere to go on Sunday it didn't really matter, but it might matter if you are going to this place for an hour luch as we were there for about 1.5 hours so that could cause some people concern. I DEFINATELY will be back for the NEW MEXICAN cuisine (NOT Mexican) and the Spice. If you don't  like spicy this is NOT the place for you. If you like it HOT this definately should be on your list of eats!
4	Excellent service!  The food is spicey and delicous. go Green !And dint forget a tasty prickly pear marg or premium tequila shot!
4	Came here for a late lunch, early dinner.  They are closed on Monday, which I dicovered last Monday.  Not too much parking space on  a busy day, but this day it was fine. The food is a bit different. Yes, it is Mexican Food ,but New Mexico , Mexican Food.  They are more famous i think, for the drinks they serve. Though i like the food it is good, I like the more traditional Mexican food. It is just a bit too hot for me.Hey the older you get the harder it is to go spicey.  Service is good, and lots of people love it!
5	Some of the best New Mexican Mex you will ever find! Started by two sisters who moved to NYC and have the same restaurant there right in the city. It's always a toss up as to which one of the salsas (red or green) will be hottest. The adovado ribs are a must have as are some of the combination plates or enchiladas dinner. Also, the lemonade is fresh squeezed and perfectly tart! An old favorite of the AZ locals for many years!
5	I have been eating at Los Dos for about 20 years now.  I love their combination plate with the taco and enchilada.  I also eat a lot of the green and red sauce with chips.  I do miss their weird, kind of dirt tasting, iced tea they used to serve when Morris was alive.  Also, they changed their chips recently to a less oily type - I prefer greasy, salty chips.  But, they still my number one most favorite restaurant.
2	I don't know if they just had an off night, if I ordered the wrong thing (the "red chili plate"), or if their quality of food has deteriorated; but I was sorely disappointed during my last visit. I've always liked the atmosphere at the other "Los Dos" better, (I mean come on, the "red chili plate" is aka "chile colorado" at any other Mexican restaurant), but at least the food used to be good. This last time, the food was bland, the tortillas were greasy, I could have gotten better guacamole at Chipotle, and the poppers were store bought (yes, I know, dumb mistake- they just sounded good at the time). My recommendations: try the "green chile plate" (aka "chile verde" at any other Mexican restaurant). Try the other "Los Dos", the one off Central. Or maybe, try some other place.
4	Always a great place to get authentic, home made Mexican food in a casual environment. The house Sangria is also home made and delicioso!
4	Los Dos has been around for years and expanded across the valley.  This was my first time in this location and though I don't think it was as good as the one i grew up on (Central), it was still very good.  The motto is "some like it hot" and Los Dos mean it!  They use authentic New Mexico hatch chilies which have great flavor but also pack a punch you will feel the rest of the day.Chimichangas, burritos, enchiladas, and tacos are all safe bets here.  I recommend always getting a fried egg on top of the enchiladas to help with the heat and flavor!   If you're a fan of New Mexico fare or curious to try it, Los Dos is a great choice!
4	Love spicy Mexican food? Well then this is the place for you. They have great food, great service and great beers to choose from. My family and I go here often.
4	a valley staple for hardcore mexican food lovers.  everything is HOT.  even the rice is spicy.  you will need chapstick, deodorant, a hankie to wipe the sweat from your brow, and a full box of pepcid a-c or zantac.  be prepared to wait a long time during peak hours....but God it is worth it.  everything is incredibly flavorful and super spicy hot.  service is spotty...but who cares!   this is a supreme mexican food destination.
4	Totally delicious.  I am a fan of hot, and THIS is hot.  Restaurant is named after the two chili grinders that they whoop your but with.  Adovada (think that's how ya spell it) is freaking amazing!  Its red chili pork, stuff it in your face!
5	Went here for the first time about a month ago. Hector was our bartender (husband and me = our). Order some drinks and we each got a chimichanga. Now, I am a southern bred Atlanta girl and can't handle spice but I am a curious cat when it comes to how a chimichangas can possibly be too spicy to eat. Based on reviews I was nervous. Salsa and chips arrived promptly as did the bartender. He was so friendly and answered all our questions while giving us some background on the place. Loved that. Drinks got there fast which I needed because salsa was a bit on the spicy side. Put our orders in and ordered some cocktails. Drinks were great and generous for the price.Food got there right on time. And....amazing! It was spicy but it was so good that I finally understood what all these food experts do when they make orgasmic sounds after a good bite. I brought half home and heard it calling my name within minutes.  My mouth is watering from writing this review.Yes, it is spicy...but the taste is worth the extra arm lifts for water. Bottom line...Parking was great for a Friday nightHector and service were awesome and 5 starsSalsa was too hot...maybe serve a hot and mild? Chips were awesome by themselves!Food is incredible and made me a believer.Los dos...come to mama.
5	It's the only Mexican food I'd drive across town for, and randomly get cravings for.  And the salsa...awesome, but also ask for their "special hot" if you're up for it.The two top picks are the garlic pork and the adovado ribs, although I have yet to have anything short of amazing here.Add in a full bar, a decent margarita, good service, and lots of space.
3	Excellent food but very poor service.  It's always been like this, though, which is disappointing.  Their food is definitely worth the drive to Mesa!  I had a veggie tostada and enchilada--delicious! Love the spicy salsa!!
5	Their hot sauce will make u cry.  I like it.  Very nice place.
1	Woah, I wish I had the experience that the other reviewers had. The service was the worst I've seen in years! They started out by taking my drink order, and totally ignoring my boyfriend sitting across from me. When they came back with mine, he asked for a coke to which they never delivered. We would of asked again, but they never checked up on us. They only came three times, to take our order, to give us our food and to give us our check. Plus, they forgot my boyfriend's taco and tried charging us for it! When we went up to pay, we told her about our experience and all she could say was "well, you should come back and get your taco." Um, no thanks, I think I'll stick with the Phoenix location. ;)
2	We walked in and greeted in a friendly manner. the food I can't say never got that far my wife asked for a burrito and I asked for menudo but first I asked for a sample of the menudo to see if I would like it the server  said ok I'll get that for you ten minutes later I asked another server if he could get me a sample of the menudo he said ok then our first sever returned and said it would be about five or six minuets for that fifteen minutes for a sample I don't think so
4	I grew up on Los Dos Molinos: hot and spicy Mexican food with distinctly southwestern flavors. It's one of my go-to, tippy top stops for Mexican food in the Valley.But nothing beats bringing your parents and boyfriend here when y'all visit Arizona for the first time together, and watching with horror as sweat beads near his temples from the salsa alone."Is it all going to be like this?" he'll ask."Yeah," you'll say, as you hand him a delicious margarita, knowing all will be sweaty and well.
3	This is a Mom N Pop shop all the way. Food was good, service was OK, but I was surprised that they don't have fajitas??? Would not make a special trip back, but if your in the neighborhood, its a safe choice.
5	Love me some Los Dos!  This place is an all time favorite.  Their food is hot, full of flavor, and you can't pick a wrong item on the menu!  Service is great, always a friendly smile, and I love seeing the same faces!  Try the sangria margaritas too, you'll be giggling in no time!
3	Drive by here all the time. Close to work. Outside is a little iffy. Easy to drive past. Inside is a pleasant surprise with interesting tidbits hanging on the walls creating a fun atmosphere. Free chips arrive at the table with both red and green salsas. Ordered the Carne Adovada Burrito with the Xmas tree toppings of both green and red chili sauce. It also came with beans and rice. A mouth full of flavors all at once. Reminded me of what we call "Tex Mex" style back in TX but with the flavors of New Mexico. Definitely spicy which I enjoy. Expected the layering of flavors and textures to pop a little more. I hear each location is a little different. Gets really busy fast at lunch. Undaley!
4	Awesome place! Good food. Giant Margaritas.
5	This place has really good food and really good service as well. They make it SPICY.Anything on the menu with Adovada is delicious. The spice here is distinct and not the typical Mexican food spice, it is a hotter more intense flavor.  It is also nice because although the spice is there, it well compliments the food flavor. The chicken Tamales were top notch as well as the salsa. If you can handle spice you need to go here. It is great!!!!!The place was clean and the service was good. They also have a very well stocked tequilla bar if you are into that.
5	Great food and service to be found at Los Dos Molinos.  Love spicy food and this place delivers.  Even "mild" has a kick to it.  Chase that down with some awesome margaritas and what could be better?  I recomend their adovada sauce.  Love anything they cook in that.  The relleno de carne adovada being my favorite choice.  Hot spicy goodness at it's finest!
5	Love this place! The food is spicy and delicious and the staff is really friendly. They have a few different locations which is nice depending on where you are at in the Valley!
5	This was some of the best Mexican food I have ever had!!!!  The staff was so friendly.  I was in town on business and ate at the bar alone.  The chips and salsa were perfect and the #5 combo with red chile was simply amazing!  I'd suggest washing it all down with the kick-ass margarita.  OMG!  The entire experience was wonderful.  The place looks a little scary when you first pull up and walk in but do not let the fear take over.  I'd live there if I was a local.
3	I've heard a lot about this place over the past eight years and being from New Mexico, I finally went. Overall the food was very good not sure about it being "New Mexican" as some of the dishes I've never seen. The salsa was great and very spicy, the green chili casserole wasn't what I was expecting but good with an egg on top! The green chili stew wasn't what I am use to for New Mexico style but had good flavor as well. Great little Mexican restaurant.
4	I think I got Chicken Enchilada with green sauce.  Great job.  Lot of TV's.  Very HOT salsa.  Friendly staff.
5	Awesome spicy food!  I had the chile relleno with adovada and it was delicious!  Lots of people and parking was tight but well worth the drive!
3	Good food, but the fare is beyond spicey!! It is Hot,Hot,Hot!!
1	This place was voted Best Mexican food by Phoenix magazine??? THEY DON'T EVEN HAVE CARNE ASADA! What kind of Mexican restaurant is this? The service was horrible, the food spicy but mediocre and highly overpriced. I'm glad I ate there, so I know never to go back. You should try Los Picos Parrilla off of university and longmore, best Mexican restaurant in the east valley, hands down, i give them 5 stars.
5	Best Mexican food in the valley!  If you like spicy then this is the place for you. The salsa is spicy & the signature dish is probably my favorite dish in the world. Get the Adovada Ribs & you will not regret it. Throw the magical meat in some homemade tortillas and enjoy.
1	I hardly ever just give one star as I'm a silver lining type of gal, but there was none to be found here.  I don't know what kind of Mexican food this is, or what you all consider Mexican, but this was not for me.  Started with the chips and salsa, which were pretty flavorless and should have been a red flag.  I ordered the enchilada plate with an egg on top.  What I got is not what I have ever seen an enchilada look or taste like.  It was like a layer of fried cornmeal, some shredded beef, no wait, a pile a shredded beef, and some chile sauce that I wound not classify as red chile.  I tired really hard to suck it up and give it a try, but it only got less and less appetizing.  Then we ordered the sopaipillas and they were just meh, not worth the calories.  The waitress was not very friendly and I can't believe I spent $45 to feel physically sick.  Will not be going back....ever.
5	Loved it.  So hot it's almost too hot, but it's not.  Perfect.
4	Delicious New Mexican cuisine! They don't do mild. The staff is friendly and will keep you glass full, but beware that it's not the quickest service. This is definately a place to go and unwind and take your time eating.Food- I've never had anything I didn't like here. The adovada ribs are great and ridiculously hot. But my personal fav, is the spicy guacamole, made fresh and guaranteed to make you sweat. The red chili burro enchilada style another hit out of the ballpark. They used to have a great green chili stew, but sadly it's was a limited time menu item.
5	This place is the best and has the hottest food.  It's well worth the price and the portions are fantastic.  You will not be disappointed.  We recently had the Sangria Margarita and it was delicious.
2	Drove into Phoenix from San Diego and our friends insisted we try this place as it was "authentic New Mexican".  I'm game as I like that style of food. Mediocre interior with run of the mill seating. Everyone ordered something different expecting to share so we could all sample. Now don't confuse spicy with flavor. I'm a chile head as it were and wanted hot but never really got it from the salsas or the entrees. The easiest way to judge a Mexican restaurant is by it's chile relleno which I ordered. They should be made fresh to order and not pre made and come out wilted and greasy like this one was. Nothing even close to fresh with the minuscule single chile relleno that was dumped in front of me. And for the price I expected so much more. This happens when restaurants rest on their laurels and let quality slip.  From all the glaring reviews I guess there is really no accounting for taste.
4	Went here on a friday night, super busy, but got a table within five minutes.  Service was a little slow, they forgot the appetizer.  Other than that the food was wonderful.  We'll be back, but probably not when they are that busy!
5	Been going to Los Dos Molinos with my parents since my mom was pregnant with me and have loved it ever since. If you like SPICY, this is the place for you!! You can't go wrong with the green chile blue corn stack enchilada with an egg on top. The beans they make are DELISH slurrrrrppp I'm hungry just thinking about it!Authentic mexican food and large portions. Plus you can't go wrong with a pitcher of their strong and tasty sangria to go with your spicy meal!
4	If you want spicy salsa, try Los Dos Molinos. It was tasty and the chips were good. The food was pretty good and I would definitely go back.  My friend and I are both from NM and we were happily surprised. It is the closest to NM food so far that I have found here in AZ. If they had ground beef as the norm for the tacos, enchiladas and burritos it would be right there. I liked it and so did my friend. I will take my girlfriend there and we will probably make it a regular place to eat for our NM food craving.
5	I had the chicken enchiladas with green chili sauce. Moist, flavorful, spicy, and delicious. Reasonable prices and actually spicy salsa with our free chips. Basic, casual atmosphere (which I prefer). Friendly staff. I definitely recommend this place.
4	Loved this place! Classy but a little spicy for me. Server was ok but the manager made sure everything was perfect. Even brought out some not so spicy salsa. The shrimp and green chile quesadilla was to die for, the jumbo shrimp did it for me!
2	Beware of the wording on the menu. The tamale dinner gives you a choice of red beef, green chicken, green corn and blue corn tamales and says it comes with rice and beans and green or red chile. I ordered the red beef tamale and when I inquired about the green chili I was told since I ordered a red beef tamale that I got red chili. What? There was no chili on my plate. And the waitress was rude in addressing my polite inquiry. I gave two stars for the awesome spiciness of the food!!!
4	Good stuff! They ain't kidding about the heat -- I had a good scalp sweat going just from the tasty chips and salsa -- but it's a flavorful kick, the way it should be (and the first thing delivered to the table was a pitcher of water, FTW);. Stopped by before a concert at The Nile, and the staff could not have been friendlier. The food was flavorful and there were a host of specials to choose from, including options for vegetarians and those looking for something less volcanic. Prices were very reasonable, and the house frozen marg was the size of a baby head and well-suited to quenching the fire from the Chiles. The capsaicin in chiles releases endorphins in your brain that can be addictive, and I'll be back for another hit.
3	Food was okay. I got the green chili plate and it was not spicy at all. It was real greasy. Maybe it was an off day. I will have to try it again to make sure
2	Food was great. Service was horrible. The waitress was annoyed and short with us. She took our order & never came back by once. We won't be back to this location.
4	Maybe it was my NY accent that caused them to tone down my food but it wasn't spicy. Thinking maybe me being a Northerner couldnt take their heat.  I went with my friend who swore up and down how spicy their food was. Maybe next time Ill let him order. That is only reason they lost a star. Green chile salsa is out of this world and has a great heat to it. I just wish the chile plate did the same. Carnitas platter was out of this world amazing. Pork cooked just right and super tender. Would definitely try again and hopefully they will bring on the heat!
5	This place is fantastic !  Just moved here from Calif and have been missing our favorite Mexican restaurants . This place is New Mexico style food and we loved it ! You can't compare it to traditional Mexican cuisine . We plan on making regular visits . Other reviews say that the service was terrible that was not the case when we went. Visited on a Sat night and was seated quickly. The only suggestion would be better lighting outside. Hard to see from the street esp if you've never been there before
5	Already a fan. Great marg. not screwing around with the spice. tamales are wild. The Pork was phenomenal. Ever had blue and green corn tamales. REAL food!!!!!!The decor= lower end.The location is definitely not the best. Try it out for an adventure. But  It's all about the food.
5	Your mouth will be on fire with flavor! GREAT FOOD!
2	Nope. They get one star for the strawberry margarita and cheese crisp.  One more star for their green salsa... YUM.  As for the rest of our meal?  I ordered flautas and my date ordered a salad.  We love spicy food, but this is just spice with no flavor. The food was just  tasteless, lacking & underwhelming. THE SERVICE WAS ATROCIOUS.  Yes, atrocious.
5	Awesome food! Free cheese crisp from checking in. Great service. Good spice. Kind of pricey. Sampled all of the tamales and they were all great!! I'd definitely come back. Great service and great food for a not so fancy place.
5	Best food in the valley! You must like spicy food. Service is great! Margaritas are strong     and beer is cold. I order the beef chimi with red sauce. You can not go wrong here!
1	This is American chain style Mexican. I've been ruined by legit Mexican restaurants.  The salsa's were good but so hot that you cannot keep eating them. You can have too much heat. Flautas were dry, have had better frozen from the grocery store. Carne Adovada burrito was pork and I think some seasoning. I used the red salsa in an attempt to save it. Filibertos Adovada is much better. Garlic shrimp. How can you mess it up. I'm not sure if i even tasted garlic. Shrimp is not their specialty. Red Chili burrito did have a lot of sauce, better than the Adovada but not worth the $8.50.
5	My wife and I tried Los Dos Molinos a few years ago on a whim, unsure if I could handle the spicy food they advertised.  To put it simply, I loved the food and I kept coming back.Before I touch on the food, I want to give credit to the staff.  I've seen the same group of  people working there for a couple years.  They are friendly and do a good job managing an often busy dinner hour.  The service can be a little slow if they are really hopping, but instead of worrying about it I enjoy the chips and salsa and relax, knowing that a superb meal will be coming my way.  The kitchen is small and there may be a wait on your food, but trust me it is worth it!About the food - my favorite dish is the "Special G" Adovada Burrito with red chili.  It's a delicious pork burrito smothered in cheese and red chili (my personal choice).  The red chili is always spicy, but it can vary quite a bit depending on the batch of chilis that were used.  The frozen margaritas are superbly smooth and pack a pretty good punch.  My favorite is the prickly pear flavor - give it a try if you haven't before, it is quite good!So, do you like spicy good?  If so, I'd highly recommend giving Los Dos a try.  Good food, good drink, friendly staff, all from a family owned businesses.  What's not to love about that?
5	Great food! I had the enchiladas and they were delicious! Great salsa!! We will definitely be back.
4	Hot hot hot
1	Went there because we heard the food was great. If possible, the food was worse than the service. Sketchy looking building on the outside. Got seated right away. Ten minutes later out server came by. No mild salsa, actually nothing mild to dip your chips in.... If you get chips that is. Got our first batch and had to flag down a bus boy for some more. We had about 6 different people come to the table, none of which came by a second time. FINALLY got our food after what felt like 30 minutes. We were hopeful that the food would make up for the terrible service but we were sadly disappointed. Dry chicken, cold burritos, bland beans. Took seriously 20 minutes to get our check. The ONLY thing good this place has going for it is strong margaritas. SADLY SADLY disappointed and will NOT come back.
5	By far the best of the best. Great food and great service.  I love the spicy salsa and the green chile stew.  I can ask for more but I can't ask for better.
5	Everyone come try the homemade pumpkin empanadas, it's to die for! My favorite dish is a green chicken enchilada with a fried egg right on top, delicious! Also, a OR-G margarita is the perfect drink after a long and stressful day!
2	Los Dos Mediocrity. Soo Easy to find better. It was a disappointment from the beginning. The beans and the salsa were not very tasty. That is a big indicator of the quality of Mexican food. If the beans and salsa are good normally everything else is on point. Los betos or Super Burrito are easily better. Service was decent. Won't be back.
1	NO COMPARISON between this one and the Ahwatukee location (which I will rate a 4 or 5 soon). I ordered the chile relleno with adobada pork. It was terrible.  The beans were watery and bland.  They used a thick rubbery anaheim chile instead of pasilla which is a huge mistake, and the egg was separate from the chile.  The egg was wrapped around the chile.  The rice was mediocre.  Service was weak.  I would never go back.  I CANNOT BELIEVE this place is getting an average 4 stars!
4	Good food. Large portions. Right price. What more can I say? Lunch was a success and I will be going back!
1	Do not eat here believing you will be receiving anything close to the deliciousness as the original Los Dos Molinos (South Mountain location) . For the price I expect better quality food.  I'd rank this place no higher than a 24hr fast food drive thru.Our beans and rice were at least 3 days old. The blue corn tortillas for the enchiladas were DYED, they were florescent green. The manager blew us off when we brought it to his attention. My beef tacos were 3/4 beans and topped off with a few shreds of beef. Last but not least the margaritas were awful, I'm sorry but I do not want orange juice in my drink.  How does a Mexican restaurant screw that drink up?
4	Nothing better than Los Dos Springerville after chasing Elk in the White Mountains!  Mesa location is always consistently good.  From the moment you munch those little red and green salsa bombs of spicey awesomeness piled on your gratis chips, until you slide that last bit of flauta heaven down your piehole.  Additionally, excellent Maggies and a host of south of the border beers on tap.  Seek this casa out!
5	Need a little spice in your life then come here!!!! Yummoo to spicy Mexican food!!! This place is very good!!! We love it!  My favourites are the Adovoda burrito and green chili stew! You can't go wrong with this place!
1	This place was hard to find.  I should have just kept driving but I wanted Mexican food.  Be warned their food is extremely spicy.  It will numb your lips and make you flushed.  If that is your kind of food, drop on by.The yelp checkin is for cheesy something or other.  It is a entire pizza pie of  cheese melted on a tortilla.  I had no idea it was going to be so huge.  Save this for a group.The place is loud and child friendly.  This means they do not ask their patrons to control their children so they are running around and generally making a nuisance of themselves. I spent over $20 on food and drink i didnt enjoy or even eat all of itl  It was a pity. I could have dined at a place with better ambience and food.  Glad I have good Mexican places at home.
5	This place has the best salsa in Mesa and maybe even the Phoenix area for all I know. The red sauce is nice and spicy. Get one step above the house margarita - you won't be disappointed. Very friendly staff too!
4	Great spicy Mexican food! I'm always looking for something other than standard options, and they have enough variety to keep it interesting. The jalapeno poppers are hand-breaded and stuffed with cream cheese, which is the best way to do it! They're closed on Sundays and have some weird hours, so I check yelp before wasting any more time driving up there only to be disappointed.
3	I came to Los Dos Molinos recently as I got recommendation for "spicy" Mexican food.  People, the amount of spice level is no joke.  I felt like I was on fire when eating the salsa, and I have a pretty high tolerance for spice level.  If you check in on yelp, you get free cheese crisp, which is nice.  I think overall our food was fairly okay.  I did not eat much for that day, but my friend seemed to enjoy his pork burrito.
5	I am usually pretty stingy with my five star ratings, but this place deserves it.The food is consistently delicious and yes, spicy which is how I like it. Warning, even their beans have a little spicy kick to them. Don't go here and ask for something that is not hot, I don't think they would understand.My favorite thing about this place is I dont even get a menu anymore. The servers know what I want. Great job, Johnny and staff.
1	We heard a lot about this place and were excited to try it but once we were there we couldn't wait to leave. I don't like very spicy food and everything on the menu had a chili pepper next to the name. There were maybe two items without the chili pepper. We ordered anyway because my boyfriend loves spicy food and we were already seated. My blue corn? tamale was inedible, my rice was a mix of newly cooked and old, dry, hard rice as is they scraped it off an old pan and mixed it in with the new. The carne adovada was nondescript. We left most of our food on our plates and still left with heartburn from the overbearing spice.
4	Stopped here pretty late on a Thursday night. Very "busy" decorations all oevr the place, but it was pretty original and we liked it. I ordered the carnitas plate and it was VERY tender (which was good) but seemed to be lacking a little flavor (not so good). Our appetizer was good, the servers seemed very busy but they were still pleasant, so overall it was a good experience.
4	We love this place. I give it four stars instead of five because if you don't like spicy hot, there isn't much to choose. For those of us to do, it's great. Don't let the shabby outside appearance fool you. Good food and staff inside.
5	We've been here a couple of times and love it!!  The food has so much flavor and the margaritas are great and the staff is super friendly. One of our favorite places to eat!!
5	My annual visit(s) from MN are incomplete without a visit to Los Dos. The anticipation of horking down one of their divine chimis makes me giddy, and the massive everything sopapilla is so good I'm almost ok with having to buy larger pants after inhaling one. Almost.
3	Not the best New Mexican restaurant I have been to.  I would not go back. The food is not that impressive.  I did like their cheese crisp though. I think Richardson's has better New Mexican food than this. Service was pretty good.
4	Really good food! Just as all the other reviewers have mentioned the salsa is SPICY! Some of the food items have a chili next to them to indicate it's a spicy menu item.... So take the warning! Received a free cheese crisp for checking in on Yelp and it was delicious!The staff wasn't overly talkative/friendly until we told them how much we liked the food but they weren't rude either. We were one of three tables that sat at the same time so probably just time managing!Overall... I'd go back! :)
5	My fiance and I were on the hunt for some awesome margs & dinner.  Our dinner was amazing!  The food was hands down outstanding!  Their signature adovada is to die for and their sauces are extremely delish.  The house made margs were on point.  Owner was on the floor greeting guests-super nice btw.Everything is made in house.  The place is a classic hole in the wall that clearly every local knows about.  We highly recommend this place & we are committed loyal customers from here forward.
4	Best Mexican restaurant in mesa! Good service delicious food and love the spice!they are very generous in the serving and a lot of flavor in everything ! Love chips and salsa (free btw). yes i recommend it!
3	The salsa is excellent and hot. Last time was better. The chimichanga was over done. I'll go back to the taco next time
5	I LOVE this place. Hot, hot, hot.  Great family run New Mexican food joint with great margaritas too.  Be sure to ask for the "Kick in the Ass."
5	I wish you could taste the food (and margarita) just by reading this. The food never disappoints. The staff are wonderful, but the food remains the star! It is one of those local places that when you discover it, you want to both keep it a secret, yet share with the world because it's so good. Kudos on that raspberry margarita ! 10/10 limes on my "how good is that margarita" scale.
1	We heard a lot about this place from a friend who swears by it so we went there last weekend.  The place is a stand alone building but that did not deter us. Got seated right away, placed our order,  the food was at the table in less than 10 min's.  Oh the salsa for the chips, hot and hotter.  I had the chili relleano which was prepared correctly, meaning the skin was pealed from the pepper, but that's all i can say about it.  Rice was dry and crunchy, beans tasted stale.  My wife had the carnitias which were tender but had little taste and nothing to rave about.  The real fun started that night, i had such a bad case of heartburn and diarrhea that i could not sleep, and going #2 was brutally painful. The wife was  also sick, vomiting ,shaking and still, almost 3 days later has no appetite at all. Don't think we'll be going back for a repeat performance.
5	Jet lag and tight schedule in Phoenix wouldn't  keep me away from my favorite Mexican restaurant in the US. Yes, it's HOT but the flavors are amazing. Did the Green chile plate. It is outstanding. I've never noticed a lower quality at the Mesa location as indicated in a previous review.   They couldn't have topped the dish tonight. Don't miss it. Wish their remote branch in Manhattan was still open :-(
4	food is spicy and has loads of flavor will come back again and try the other items as well
5	Great food every time, and even better margaritas.  My fave is the sangria margarita.  It's 9 am now and I want one NOW (dreaming of last night's dinner).  If you are a weakling and can't handle spicy food, then your options here are limited.  However, if you're like me, and there is no man on God's green earth who can kick your a$$, then come here and gobble down the adovada ribs with a margarita.  This is my go to menu item but the enchilada dinner is great too.  There are a few combination plates that are not spicy for all you pansies, but even my wife can handle the adovada.  Salsas are great too, and the clown who said the beans and salsa are not good then went on to recommend some fast food cafeteria style joints...you're a moron.Eat up!
4	Very yummy! Every time we go ive had good food. Salsa is hot. Sometimes it gets too busy and they forget about you, that's why 4 stars.
1	Nothing positive to say about this place. Absolutely awful. We ordered three plates at lunch. Shredded beef tacos: no beef, no taste of what beef there was, no salsa and no guacamole. Worse yet, taco shells were factory shells and cold to the touch. Carnitas plate ok, roast pork fatty, with minimal spice and taste. One tortilla came with such an expensive plate, request another? pay for another tortilla. By the way, order a soda, your refill will be charged too. Garlic shrimp plate for third meal, shrimp without flavor and presented with dry unflavored rice, and beans on both plates appeared old. Surroundings? took 35 minutes to get to this hole in the wall restaurant in the middle of no where. interior dark, seats old, lumpy and seat backs loose and tight to table. Not sure if table top was cleaned lately, as interior too dark to tell really. Service? not really, no joy here. $65.00 meal for three persons at lunch? with one bottled beer and a house margarita, unbelievably bad. Don't have the heart to tell my friend who recommended this dive about our experience. Can you imagine, any real Mexican restaurant would not have a Carne Asada plate on the menu? Unbelievable. Truly, two tacos at Jack-in-the-Box for .99 have more meat and taste then what we experienced today. Stomach upset on the way home, had to pull over . . . .
1	I drove a long way to try this place based on the reputation. It was in the middle of a rundown industrial setting, looking more like the back of a warehouse than the front of a restaurant. When I got there at 5pm on a Saturday, two carloads of would be customers were already there banging on the gates and windows in bewilderment that there was no one there and there was no note on the door explaining why they were closed and not serving dinner on a Saturday evening! I will not waste my time on this inconsiderate dive again.
4	Great spicy NM food!
5	1. Margaritas are da-bommmmb! They do not go easy on the tequila.2. Owner is super friendly, always sits down to talk to his customers and even offers FREE ROUNDS OF DRINKS!3. Salsa & Chips are  spicy, just the way i like it.4. Authentic Mexican food5. Family owned, staff is super friendly and caring of your needs.6....did i mention the huge margaritas yet?
3	Pretty good New Mexican restaurant. The reason for 3 stars is the amount of spice on most if the food. I love spivey food as long as it adds to the taste of the dish. The salsa was a little too spicy for the general public who might not be used to it. The quality of food was really good and the ambiance was casual and inviting.
5	This is our favorite Mexican restaurant !! We come here often and the food is always spot on. Most dishes are spicy, but tons of flavor. Great margaritas and sangria. The staff is very polite and friendly.
5	Your search for quality spicy New Mexican food is over! I was greeted by a very friendly bartender that explained their kick ass margarita in a humorous way. I was then promptly served green hatch chile and red chile salsas with crispy tortilla chips. Ordering was a no brainer as I went for the best looking and proclaimed house speciality, Adovado Ribs. Fall apart tender, spicy and flavorful with a fresh tortilla, beans and rice. I grew up eating Mexican / TexMex in Fort Worth Texas and spent many years with this type of food in various towns and pueblos in New Mexico. I travel here often for business and have searched for many years in Phoenix area for that flavor which is only a state away. I am happy to say I finally found it. Did I mention the service was top notch and the place was spotless? No? Well, it was and that's a big deal to me.
4	Ok this review has two parts the first one was the ambience and the people near me. It is definitely casual and there were a ton of locals in the place which is normally a good sign. I was dining by myself since I was travelling for work so I chose to ditch at the bar. Bad call. There were two guys also siting at the bar and before I knew it I was deep in conversation on topics that I had no despite to talk about. They kept encouraging me to choose ribs on the menu even though I said no ribs. Secondly they made fun of my margarita  choice and the guy next to me insisted that I try his margarita because he hadn't tried his yet. I said no thanks. He then suggested I use my straw. Ah still not interested. At this point the owner offered to move me but I said I was fine. Second portion the food. Wow I must say excellent and spicy. Even the chips and salsa gave me the head sweats. I ordered the burro and the owner suggested Christmas style which was half red and half green. Wow excellent again. The green left me wanting more water and more ice while the red did nothing to slow down the sweat firming on my forehead. Overall a great choice for food while in Phoenix. I will definitely be back and most likely will avoid the bar.
5	We went here for lunch. The staff was friendly and the service was good. They brought us chips and both green and red salsa, which is quite spicy. We devoured both salsas and the chips.  I'd forgotten how flavorful and spicy the food is. I ordered the Garlic Pork Green Chile plate (Daily Special A.) The pork was lean and tender and the green chile was perfect. I'd have preferred refries to pinto beans, but the flavor of the meat more than compensated for it. My wife ordered Shrimp Veracruz. The shrimp they served her were enormous, and perfectly cooked. New Mexico style Mexican food is far better than the local version, but you have got to love spicy food. I could not see giving this place less than 5 stars. They did everything just right.
2	One thing bothers me more than just about anything else is visiting a restaurant based upon reputation and/or having had a great experience at a sister location and then being terribly disappointed at new location.This Saturday we were in Mesa and decided Mexican "Good" Mexican food was the order. Having visited Los Dos Molinos South Phoenix many times over the years (and enjoying everthing), we decided Los Dos Molinos Mesa - what a horrible mistake.First, our server and bus person were just fine. We had simple orders, nothing complicated, cheese crisp, chile relleno dinner, and chicken flautas. We waited a pretty long time for the food, I reminded the guests of the "story" page on the web site about not being in a hurry for food because each plate is individually made to perfection - yeah right...I've had rellenos all over the country (and at some real dives), and I would have a hard time remembering worse. The single chile was extremely small 1/2 or 1/3 size of most, and completely soggy and wet covered with beans and sauce (couldn't tell if it was breaded or not, or even fried for that matter, absolutely no crisping.) The tortilla that came wrapped in foil was 3 times the thickness of normal tortilla, and dry and hard, could not even unroll it to tear off a piece - horrible. The beans were outstanding, however, for 12.95 + it was really really bad.The chicken fluatas for our birthday guest were almost inedible, over cooked to the point that the guest had to "saw" through the bottom part of each bite of flauta, just plan bad.Now, the plain cheese crisp was excellent nothing else to say about it.Its a good thing that the chips and salsa was so good or it would have been a total loss.And by the way, NO, it wasn't busy, we were before the lunch crowd, one or two small tables came after us,  so no excuse there.Waste of money, hope for anyone else visiting that this was a fluke, we won't be back and won't recommend.Can't always go on reputation or brand when it comes to restaurants.dk
5	I've lived all over the USA and spent 5 years overseas.   Of all those places, the one thing I missed most (more than anything else, from any place I've ever called home) was food from Los Dos Molinos.   Quite simply, it is so good, so unique, so spicy ... once you are hooked you can't live without it.   I will literally go into withdrawal (and depression) if I don't get this food on a regular basis.  Yes, it is VERY spicy ... but with such incredible flavor.   The best dish, in my opinion, is the Adovada casserole.   Think of a tamale lasagna with advovada pork filling.   This would be my last meal on earth if I had a choice.   The Adovada Ribs are excellent as well.PS - You can order some of their amazing salsa for take away.   Just in case you need a stash at home like me.
4	Great food, great drinks, great service!!Spicy and tasty!! Margaritas are some of the best I've ever had.
5	I think I have found my new favorite Mexican food establishment. And it's close to my home. And it has good tequila. And the food is SPICY. And it's delicious.  When I have to do a shot of 1800 to kill the burn from the salsa, it is my kind of place! And the so papillary with everything are phenomenal.  I am hooked.  That is all.
5	I have never been disappointed with this place great food. Service....well n the bar could be way better. But all a round a great place. Letter A & H r the best.
3	The food is worth 4 stars but I took a star away because their hours suk.  They're closed Tues - Fri from 2:30-5pm. They're also closed on Sunday & Monday. Their food does taste authentic but it's on the more expensive side.  Their margaritas are pretty weak - they're poured from this pitcher that's refrigerated so they're not freshly made.
2	Los Dos was not up to par today. Green chile sauce had a strange lumpy consistency and the carne adovada was dry. The chicken in the chimichangas was tough, dry, and hard to swallow. The fire in the chile sauces was still present, but that was about all that was good. Man, even the corn chips served with the salsa were stale. What's happening? Hope this is not the start to a downward spiral for what has been such a reliably great New Mexican style restaurant for many years. Fix it guys, please.
5	Sopapila stuffed with carne adovada with red and green sauce!  OMG!  Should be permanently!
2	The food was okay. I had the beef burrito enchilada style with black beans and rice. The rice had a ton of cheese on it...which was strange. Chips were brought out pretty slowly, and one of the batches was all crumbs. Lots of different salsas though, which were all good. We paid the extra six bucks for the higher level pitcher of tequila and it was bad. Bitter, store bought mix, and barely cold. They did replace it which was nice and appreciated. But I mean, seriously...they have to know those margaritas are bad. My water got refilled. Once. At the beginning of the meal. Being that the service was so slow, I went the entire SECOND hour without water. Dessert came out incredibly slow, then the server acted annoyed that WE had to shuffle dirty plates around to make room. Plates HE should have cleared. The amount of time this meal took and the quality of drinks do do not make this mediocre food worth it. Most likely won't visit again.
5	We've been here about 4 or 5 times & the food is always just as good or better when we come. We love the *free* cheese crisp ( when you check in on Yelp) with the green chilis. Amazing! Highly recommended!
4	All of our meals were excellent. The service was really good. If you like new Mexican-style food this is an excellent restaurant.
2	We visited this establishment on a one day stay in Phoenix based on previous Yelp reviews.  The food was pretty good but the service was very slow and unfriendly.  Upon arriving, our party of 5 was tightly squeezed between 2 other parties.  The tables should have been spread out more but we managed to fit with the backs of our chairs pressed tight against the guests behind us.  Right away we presented our server with the Yelp check in for the free cheese crisp which never came.  The server never checked back with us after bringing our food and we ran out of water, never seeing our server until she came to collect the tab.  Good food, poor service earns only 2 stars.
5	My favorite Mexican place on the planet I would inject it into my arm if I could the service here sucks sometimes but the food is so good I don't care
1	My girlfriend and I came here, as she came here years ago and said it was alright. A lot of commentators are saying the food is really spicy. It's okay. The chili is watered down and the food is very very bland. I've had authentic New Mexican before in New Mexico, and this restaurant...at least at this Mesa location, is definitely not it!! While the bartender/bus boy was nice, the waitress was a real pos. Just horrible service, horrible attitude towards my girlfriend and I. Not sure why either. So if you want to enjoy a night of eating bland mexican food while being insulted by a hostile and confrontational waiter....stop on by! :)
1	I had high hopes for Los Dos.  Between the positive reviews, and word of mouth, we dismissed the negative yelp reviews as happenstance.We shouldn't have.First, it took forever to get menus, well after we got our drinks.  The 'House' margaritas are horrid - like tequila and Crystal Light!@ $21.00 a pitcher, WAY too much.Then, the food.My companion's chimi was tasteless.  Mine was 'okay', but nothing to write home about.The salsa was very spicy, as advertised, and if the entrees and drinks had been better I'd probably return for that.  My companion said not on a bet!The only positive comment my companion had was the beer she subbed for the poor margs was cold!The waitress/bartender did not charge us for the margarita pitcher,(because of our complaints!) but took forever to return to collect our payment!I ate half my meal, and my partner left hungry!All-in-all a negative experience.
4	Amazing food, on the spicy side but really tasty. Authentic Mexican food for sure. Definitely not a meal under ten dollars and average price is about 13-15 dollars.
4	Shrimp verde.  most dishes have a kick here :)
1	Food was good, the bartender was nice, and as others have said the waitress was an A #1 b!tch (I'd bet my life we're all talking about the same one).  There are many great Mexican restaurants in AZ and when you treat customers bad they don't come back aka my entire party.  Sooner or later free cheese crisp on yelp wont save your business.
3	Calling all spicy chili lovers!  This restaurant specializes in New Mexican fare (think red and green chili).  It's a true hole-in-the-wall, not fancy at all, laidback and casual eatery.  Their menu says they don't know how to make "mild" spice, and this is definitely true.  I'm usually a medium spice eater, but after munching on their chips and salsa, my mouth was burning and I was starting to sweat!  It was tasty, don't get me wrong.I figured I couldn't endure much more heat, so I ordered their Carnitas plate (it was one of the few items on the menu without a SPICY indication).  It came with LOTS of meat, rice, brown beans, and a thick flour tortilla.  The dish was totally mild, not a bit of spice anywhere in it.  I added some spice by adding some salsa to it, and it ended up being balanced quite nicely.So overall, it's typical Meixcan fare, with a New Mexico twist.  If you're into super duper spicy, you'll want to check this place out.One tip - it's a little hard to find at night bc they don't have a light up sign.  The name of the restaurant is just painted in huge letters on the front of the building.
1	Service was terrible and the food was just OK.  The best thing about this place was the cheese crispi but not worth coming back for.
5	Wow, great food and service.  The cheese crisp was great, with the green chile for flavor and a bit of spice.  Our dishes were very flavorful, spicy, and presented well.  Neighborhood joint with lots of character and fun.  Will definitely go back for authentic Mexican.
2	I use to really like this place,  food is authentic even though the service usually sucks.  Tonight was especially bad, we came in at 8:30, and we stood at the register waiting to be seated for 10 minutes,  and that's not an exaggeration...not because it was super slammed but because the one waitress who was working just didn't care.  Almost every table was filthy and that should have been a sign to leave.  We literally waited 30 minutes for our meal,  and to say it was warm is being kind. My taco was soggy which meant it probably sat in the window. The waitress NEVER came back to check on us...so my meal just sat there because I'm not eating at this point cold mexican food and taking a chance of getting sick.  In conclusion,  this place is going on the NO GO list of places not to eat at anymore.
4	My family loves this place, Expect it to me crowded though and the service isn't always super but the food is good and the salsa is nice and spicy. We love eating here, they are not open on Sundays though!
2	I used to really like this place. It used to be really really really spicy which was the big draw. Now it's just a kind of awful mexican food place where everything is bland. The one in ahwatukee still has some spice. Please make this restaurant more like the other Los Dos Molinos.
1	Some like it hot.. but some like it not (me)Yes, I can't handle heat, but it doesn't mean the food has to taste flavorless right?Man, my wife and I were looking for good Mexican food for the second straight night in Arizona.  This place was not, here's why..I ordered their Roasted Pork Tostada w/ taco, as it was one of the few mild items on the menu that the owner or manager did not feel to even care about, as he took my wife's order (I forgot what she had) and then mine, he was like you can't hang with the big boys? and his attitude was like ok, whatever and when I got my meal, the food tasted to me like ok, whatever.  I mean, if the food doesn't have spices, you should at least have season in it, as it was completely bland.  Poor pork, it was roasted so well and the rest of the tostada and taco were done perfectly, but without seasoning (salt), it goes no where; it should not be allowed to walk outside, as it had no clothes on type of analogy.They placed no care on their mild items and what's sad is Bobby Flay likes them.  On top of that, my wife's dish had the spices, but even that, hers lacked seasoning as well.This place we would not come to again and Bobby Flay, I don't trust him anymore.Oh yeah, the drinks were not that good.  I had the Sangria Margarita, don't let it fool you, it looked great and sounded great, but it tasted sour.The wait staff were rude and they ignored our table a lot.  I understand they were busy, but hello, we are here.. do I need to set a trap for them to stand next to our table? like to be nice, super glue?The waitress at the end accepted our gift card, but when it did not cover the whole amount, she acted like we couldn't pay.. what the heck? fool!Thanks for the free Cheese Crisp, but man, it is just an unfolded cheese quesadilla.Nothing special.
