5	The parisian hot chocolate was delicious. I also loved the chocolate caramel tart. It's a very cozy place..a perfect place for chocolate lovers.
4	You can tell that the Chocolaterian is new and that the owners are truly passionate about what they do. We went for dessert and had an apple cranberry gallette and the caramel cashew chocolate torte. Both were good, but the torte could have benefitted from being a bit colder to give it a slightly more solid texture. We each had a glass of wine with dessert. Although I felt the selection of wine varietals was perfect for pairing with dessert, the prices seemed a bit high per glass. This place has potential for incredible ambience. The original wood cabinets and fall decorations highlighted the Chocolaterian's merchandise beautifully. However, the dessert cases were quite bare (possibly because we went late at night), and the selection slimmer than what I expected. The overhead flourescent lights were too much. Some lamps or fixtures would do wonders for this place. I also think it would be cool if the Chocolaterian had books or magazines available for its patrons. This would encourage people to stay longer and likely buy more items and would contribute to the overall atmosphere.
5	Watcha doing tomorrow? Go get a cookie. Or a truffle. Or a tart. Or fondue. Or a slice of a yule log. Or a cheese plate.Or pretty much anything these guys are dishing up. Bomb. Dot. Com.
5	What's the intention when visiting a place called Chocolaterian?  To get something made with chocolate.....duh.  In my case, this review is based solely on my lunch experience.  I'll let others chime in on the sweet goodies.  For any quiche fan, this is the place!  I don't know what they do, but the egg mixture is prepared with perfection.......it's not chewy tasting like most others, but rather melt in your mouth good!  As well, the food isn't over-seasoned and flavored - good for somebody like me who's slightly hypertensive. The portion size will be enough that you won't have room for dessert.  The "mini" quiche ran for $7 for my one with bacon.  They also offer other options as well.  Another great addition to Madison's awesome east side eating options!
5	My oh my! I love Chocolaterian. I went for a chocolate and wine pairing last night with a friend. Star Liquor did the pairing and he did a wonderful job. My office is close by so I have tried a wide sampling of their products. My two favorite are the Badger Bait and the Quiche. Chocolaterian has a wonderful low key atmosphere however you can taste their passion for everything they create. I would highly recommend this place to anyone. Oh and try their Parisien Hot Chocolate, I promise you will be compelled to go back the next day for another one.
5	Such a cute, cozy place to unwind and enjoy something sweet (great place for dessert!)! Great couches in the back, with magazines and board games. Badger bait is soo good. They have port and dessert wines too!!! Would definitely go back- perfect way to spend a cold wintery day!! The quiches looked amazing.
5	Came across this on my facebook feed and we thought we would try it today during our tour of the east side of Madison. So glad we did! The tuscan bean and kale soup was mouthwateringly yummy, the quiche was light and fluffy, and the grand finale of a slice of flourless chocolate cake was divine... we will be back!
5	This is not a place where I will be a frequent visitor. It's a bit out of the way, and well, who can afford (in terms of body, not money) to eat amazing chocolate that often. I am definitely glad that this place exists, and will come by again when I am willing to re-indulge on that amazing Parisian Hot Chocolate. It's extremely "decadent" as the barista warned, as was the chocolate cake we got. The hot chocolate was by far the best I've had in the area - the others I can think of are Kilwins and Pig in a Fur Coat; both decent but both have nothing on this one.
3	Meh, its good but expensive.
1	This review is so painful to write, as I really really really wanted to like this new spot. I was so excited to live a couple blocks away upon moving back to Madison. I have now given Chocolaterian it's third and FINAL try. I really don't know where to start.First off: the atmosphere in the space, including wonderful view into the bakery is nothing short of impressive and comfortable. This would totally be a place I could see myself spending a lot of time if everything else wasn't awful.On all three visits I have felt as though I was inconveniencing the counter person. The entire interaction felt awkward every time - and 2 out of 3 times I was charged the incorrect price and had to point it out (luckily before paying!) Overall I have been unimpressed with the small selection in the case, and would like to note the shocking lack of chocolate items.... how has no one else remarked on this???!!!!As I have now tried a lot of items that the cafe offers I feel comfortable writing this review.  Here is what I have tried so far:Chocolate Caramel Tart: good but not memorableShortbread Cookie: bland and crisp.. shortbread should be buttery and crumbly right??Ricotta Cookie: Wierd, and not impressive enough to justify featuring it in the case daily.. Caramel filled Chocolate on a stick: Probably the worst thing I have tried here yet, my five year old didn't even want to finish it. For a place called Chocolatarian a treat like this should be a simple knock out of the park... why and how have you failed me so badly?Apple turnover: looked and tasted exactly like you bought it for 40 cents at any grocery store. Badger Bite: quite tasty, way way to expensive.Quiche: My friend who was starving ordered this on our first visit. She remarked that it was way too big for one person and bland, she ate the whole thing for lunch anyways - and felt ill the rest of the evening. On my third visit I myself was looking for something savory and decided to give it a try for myself. And, oh my - AWFUL absolutely awful, bland watery mess. Way too much milk added to the eggs maybe? I dont know the texture was horrific and the taste worse. I had to spit it out immediately I couldn't even swallow it. Even if it was good who wants a quiche to themselves THAT big with no salad or anything?? Very strange choice. Hot Chocolate: IS really really good and I have enjoyed it immensely twice.Ugly Cookie: Not bad, but again really unimpressive why would this be a special daily feature??Overall, to me this place feels like an amateur home bake-sale fail. And to top it off the customer service didn't do much to make me feel it worth wasting any more money in the future hoping for improvement. Also, yelp staff - I don't think it is fair to count reviews of a class taught at an establishment legitimate reviews of the business for a prospective customer.. there should be a separate page for that as it looks as many of those reviewers have ONLY attended a class and cannot remark on the cafe itself.
5	Great service with a smile (the person behind the counter was very patient with us, as we perused all the delicious treats available). The Parisian hot chocolate is awesome, and a definite must, as its like drinking a chocolate candy bar. Can't wait to go back!
5	I adore the Chocolaterian. It makes me immensely happy to drive to Madison for business meetings. The desserts are divine and their Christine's Toffee bars are a must to take home. We had Cuban panini sandwichesand they were outstanding.  I took half home so I could indulge in the delicious Badger bite. Worth every penny. . . And calorie!And, of course, I had to take treats home. The caramel tart is so rich and buttery just what caramel is supposed to be. And the chocolate raspberry tart is outstanding. Too bad there isn't one in Milwaukee!
4	At 9pm on a Saturday, it was lovely to see this placed filled with intergenerational diversity: young and older couples, groups of friends, and families with young children and their teens. The Chocolaterian Cafe is a cozy place with "that sounds perfect" dessert options like the lemon tart or flourless chocolate cake. It's good for an after-dinner stopover when the dessert menu at the restaurant you were just at didn't cut it. Also, as one would hope and expect, they seem to have plenty of gift options for the chocolate lover in your life. We tried the Parisian hot chocolate after hearing a rave recommendation, and it really was like drinking a truffle - smooth, velvety, dark. While it tasted like good quality chocolate, my only regret was that it was way too sweet for me, like drinking syrup. I finished half of the tiny cup in-store and took the rest home in an adorable mini takeaway container and ate it with my coffee the next morning. Yum! This is a unique find in Madison and I would recommend it, if just to try their other treats. If the parking lot is full, there's another one across the street. Also, a heads up for card-carrying folks, there's a sign asking you to pay in cash if the bill's under $20.
4	My first trip to Chocolaterian Cafe came a week ago after a very disappointing visit to a nearby restaurant for dinner. While the desserts there has *sounded* good, the dinner wasn't, so my companion and I chose to walk to Chocolaterian. The day had been drizzly and overcast, so I was looking forward to a cozy setting and a warm beverage. Chocolaterian delivered on both counts. There was plenty of space, and the tables weren't crowded together. There were several big windows on two of the restaurant's walls, which let in a nice amount of natural light. The baking cases, tables, and floors were all well-cleaned, and the surroundings did a good job of dampening any noise. The bathroom was clean and well-stocked. The woman behind the counter gave us some recommendations, and also pointed out the half-priced dessert case in case we wanted to keep our visit frugal. The lower prices were a plus; some items do seem overpriced (though given the butter prices lately, it's understandable). We chose a caramel tart and a chocolate-raspberry tart to share, and I ordered a piping hot cup of mint tea.The caramel tart was delicious, although the crust was a bit tough and slightly thick where the sides met the bottom. The caramel was gooey without being a mess, and the cashews on top provided a salty richness that I always welcome when eating caramel. My companion, not usually a fan of caramel, stole more bites than I thought he would. His chocolate-raspberry tart was still moist and delicious, despite it being half-priced. The raspberry flavor was very well-incorporated, and added a nice hint of acidity to even out the richness of the chocolate. It also didn't taste artificial or too much like raspberry preserves, which was a welcome change from what usually happens when I order something with raspberry flavor. The tea was fantastic as well, hot and flavorful. It needed no added sugar and was very welcome given the weather outside. I look forward to returning, and trying some of their new savory items!
5	This is such a lovely cafe.  They have AMAZING baked goods and excellent coffee and tea choices.  Plenty of seating room as well.
5	On a recent trip to Madison, we stumbled upon the Chocolaterian Cafe and had a wonderful experience.  From start to finish, the service was outstanding and we were made to feel at home instantly.   Our family split a few of their delicious treats, but one that stood out was the "Ugly Cookie" which was comprised of chocolate chips, cocoa nibs, pistachios and "Christine's gourmet toffee.  To do it over again, I would have picked up a dozen to take home.  The atmosphere at the Chocolaterian is very mellow and inviting, with comfy seating throughout.  There is also a window which you can peek into the "behind the scenes" workings of the chocolate shop and view the chocolate artists work their magic.  I would also like to thank one of the folks there for bringing out samples for our two girls.  That made there day!  I should note that I appreciated the window displays on both sides of the shop.   It was nice to have a variety of fresh herbs and fruit in the window.   A very nice touch!  All in all, a wonderful experience.   Putting my money where my mouth is, I do like to support local businesses.   While I don't live in Madison, I would highly recommend this gem to anyone whether you live in this fun area or are just stopping through.
5	I've been here 3 times now and I'm never disappointed. I had to write up a shout-out for the amazing fruit cup I had today. Blackberry, raspberry, and almond tiny little pie. It was such a delightful little treat. It was filling and satisfying, but I wouldn't say no to ... 5 more? ;)Great atmosphere. Nice staff. Yay!
5	I can't believe I haven't been here before in my last few years in Madison. And then, I was enlightened that it only opened in the past year! woohoo. Such a delight. I have to say, Madison really doesn't have many dessert shops for after dinner. So tada, here's an awesome one to fill in the gap!!! hurray :)You walk in to be greeted by awesome friendly staff. They are so nice and helpful but yet don't overwhelm you while you're in awe and salivating over the endless choices. Go ahead, ask them anything. And so nice of them to give you some space after explaining the basics. It's really spacious, so you don't get overcrowded. very nice place to chill out with friends. Or maybe even for some games! I haven't had anything disappointing here. all were fantastic! You have to try the hot chocolate - it's more like pure chocolate gold. fudge. mmmmm. and it's more bitter chocolate, so don't worry about it being too sweet. Still, it's really rich, so it's good to share with someone. Ugly cookie was awesome. I also really liked the macaroons. PB&J macaroons!!! Loves. Fruit tarts - mm mm mmmmm. so fresh and light and lalalalala, makes me so happy!This is a happy place. I thought Ella's deli was all we had (which doesn't have much tasty bits, and only has awesome things to play with) but YAY Chocolaterian is here to save the dayyyyy.
3	I actually think this place is pretty good, especially for Madison, but the prices are really off-putting.  For instance they do a very nice chocolate caramel tart here, but it is seven dollars.  In comparison, Floriole, a not unknown bakery in Chicago, has a very similar tart of better quality for only five.  Similarly, 3.50 for an espresso shot of hot chocolate seems a bit excessive.So if you can handle the prices the good stuff here is the chocolate mousse which has a touch of alcohol to add a unique twist.  The pistachio ice cream sandwich is tasty too, but does not actually use ugly cookies as implied.  The aforementioned tart is good as well as the chocolate raspberry tart.  Finally, the flourless chocolate cookie is actually excellent.What is not good is the regular chocolate chip cookie which doesn't stand up to even the Tollhouse recipe.  The ugly cookie has no theme and is just a bunch of stuff crammed into a cookie with some underwhelming pistachios.  We also had a dark chocolate bar with pistachios that also had bad pistachios and a chocolate with no flavor.  We didn't even finish it.  Our friend said the macarons were decent, but they look so small.Everything said, I would probably still come by occasionally since this place doesn't have much competition in Madison.
3	Stopped by on Friday night for desserts. We got an assortment of chocolate tarts and pastries that were generally very creative. The food was good (some of the options even very good), although the service left something to be desired. The server was almost rude as he reminded us that they closed in 12 minutes and that we'd have to take our food to go. He then told us that they would kick us out exactly at 9:30. I understand that they need to close up, but I can't think of any other establishment (food or even retail) that would actually ask a paying customer to leave at closing time. Would likely go back again as long as it's nowhere near closing time.
3	I really like this place. It's the only coffee shop near my house with wi-fi that stays open late, and it's really good. So, usually, it's a total win-win experience. The only reason I docked it a couple of stars is due to the bummer service today. I come here often to work, and I ALWAYS pay with cash. Today, I had to give the last of my cash to my husband and son, who were going somewhere that was cash only. When I went to pay for the second item I'd bought today, I was scolded for paying with a card, by someone who appeared to be an owner, and told that they like to accept cash only for anything under $20 - but that she was making an exception this time. I apologized and said that I always pay with cash but that I was without this one time. She didn't acknowledge my apology. I always try to remain conscious of the fees local businesses have to pay by allowing for debit card payments, but sometimes I find myself without. This left a super bad taste in my mouth about a place that was formerly my saving grace. But I'll be back, I'm sure. Always with cash, of course, since I certainly can't afford to spend $20 on myself every time I work.
1	I was beyond excited for this place to open, however with each of my visits, I get more and more disappointed.The staff never seems to know what is going on - who ordered what, if they have all the rest of your food, etc...  The macaroons are nothing to rave about.  In fact the lavender ones have three times the amount of flavoring they need.  The tarts are too big and lack flavor.  Anyone can do a chocolate tart - but it's BoRiNg!  Looking for a bit more pizzazz there... or even variety.  The caramel cookies were good when they opened - a caramel like buttercream, but the last few times there has been a caramel drizzle on it, which is gross and too much.  Either they try too hard, or they aren't trying hard enough -- not impressed at all!
5	Just stopped by for a dessert fix and was pleased to find a great treat. The flour less chocolate peppermint cookie is incredible. Mostly chocolate, but the right sized peppermint makes it taste like a chocolate dipped candy cane.  A dense slice of heaven
3	I wanted a hot chocolate so I asked the server what made the Parisian Hot Chocolate "Parisian." He said it was hard to explain but that it would be different than any hot chocolate I'd ever had before. I ordered it and paid was shocked to be served a tiny little espresso cup.  I was not happy to have paid so much (close to $5 if I recall correctly). But I tasted it and it was like liquid chocolate syrup, very good and super rich. I enjoyed it but thought the server was a bit insincere by claiming he couldn't describe it.  I think he just knew I wouldn't order it if he described it accurately.  Worth having once, not sure if I'll ever order it again, though.  And I'll go someplace else if I'm looking for a traditional hot chocolate.
1	At first, it looked great. I got my treats and waited in line to pay ... and waited and waited and waited. The person at the cash register left and no one else stepped in eventhough there were two other staff in the cash register area.  I don't mind waiting but being ignored is another matter.  Earlier on in my visit, I thought this would be a good place to bring my daughters, but by the time I left, any cozy notions of returning to Chocolaterian with others were dashed.  It would be embarassing to bring companions there only to be ill-treated by staff. There are plenty of other local places in Madison to go that are dependable.
4	Free and fast wi-fi.  Friendly staff.  Delicious house made menu items.  Atmosphere is cozy and perfect for getting some work done or chatting with friends.  I only gave 4 stars because the temperature inside was a bit too chilly but I'm from Texas so, maybe i'm just not used to it.  Still, a fireplace would kick this place up a knotch on my list.
4	I don't really have much of a sweet tooth, but I come here once a month for my book club, which you should totally join because it's awesome (Salad Days Book Club, check out a book club book at Hawthorne or Pinney Library!) It's fun watching the pastry chefs crank out batches of goodies behind that giant glass window that looks into the kitchen, and it's also fun ogling the fancy desserts in the case by the register. I've heard the hot chocolate is to die for, but have not yet verified. The mint tea though, I can vouch for. It is not like your other ordinary mint teas. This mint tea takes it to the next level. Too bad they close early, otherwise I would study here all the time.
5	Awesome, Chocolate Over Dose. I positively love this place. Over the last year, I have been here multiple times-I have tried their raspberry chocolate cup, ugly cookie, chocolate fondue, almond horseshoe cookie, mouse, lemon tart, multiple macarons, and of course the Parisian hot chocolate. I cannot say anything has disappointed, some are of course better than they other. And the hot chocolate is more like liquid chocolate, I wish they had real hot chocolate.  I  recommend the lemon tart and the raspberry choclate cup. Other Pros: Free Wi-Fi, Parking, nice ambiance, If you have people with allergies they will make a special order for you with enough notice :-), Christine's candy.Go get a sugar over dose! Psst.. apparently they sell savory food too- let me know how that is.
4	This is a great place for a quick bite to eat, hang out, or have an informal meeting.  Their Ugly Cookies are phenomenal!  I had a quick bite to eat there today:  the Italian Panini was fantastic, the Carrot Ginger soup was not-pretty bland and watery.  The Parisian Hot Chocolate is worth a try, if you need a chocolate fix.  The servers are hit or miss, but if you just want treat like a cookie, quiche, or panini, it's a great place to stop.
5	Love me some chocolate. Love me some Chocolaterian. Basicallyyy, this is a great space to study or just imbibe on liquid chocolate and feast on cake and cookies. Yes please.Everything here looks so scrumptious that my chocolate decision-making capabilities are always shot. A flourless chocolate cookie or a slice of flourless chocolate cake. Ayyy how do you pick!!!! you can't. When it comes down to it, your only option is to tell the worker behind the counter that you have a problem and need outside intervention. They will choose for you. And it will be delicious.
4	I enjoyed this place, it was a finishing touch to a pizza contest.  We had a tasty coffee and a brownie to go.
4	Not five star because the house coffee could have been more fresh, but it is house coffee. Vanilla latte and ugly cookie was great! Friendly service with bakery-side viewing and live piano this evening. Great stop after dinner!
4	This was my first trip to the cafe and I was pleasantly surprised. It was open, airy and comfortable. We came in late (around 8:30). I ordered the mousse (small) and a chocolate chip cookie. I went simple because doing simple well can be difficult to do. The cookie was good. It was tasty without being too chocolatey. Now the mousse on the other hand was PHENOMENAL!  I mean light, airy and rich in flavor. You could actually see the air bubbles in the mousses it was so fluffy. I ordered coffee as well. It was delicious. And now I understand that they were closing at nine, but the manager pulled the coffee at 8:45.  I wish I could have gotten a freshen up or a to-go cup for my coffee since it is bottomless.Otherwise, Hunter (the GM) was cordial, informative and friendly.  This is a GREAT date place or a place to get a little treat with friends.
4	Love this cafe!  Everything I've had there is great!  Today's galette (mushroom, potato & onion) was especially tasty. Very much what I wanted on a lovely day...But what made today a really memorable visit, was hearing the proprietresses working with a translator to help a valued employee for whom English is a second language. This shows such compassion and valuing their employees... I was really touched. Not only does the attention to detail go into their lovely food and baked goods, but into tenderly caring for those with whom they work. That makes me love Chocolaterian that much more!  We all should definitely be supporting a local business like this one!
5	Nothing bad to say about this place. It is beautiful inside and I wanted to try one of everything! I restrained myself and only tried 3 things; a molasses cookie, an ugly cookie and a lime meltaway. They were all stellar. Molasses cookies are my favorite cookies, so I have to try them when I see them. These did not disappoint. The Ugly Cookie is really a close second. Love the toffee and pistachios combination. The lime meltaway was a tiny square of yumminess that does melt in your mouth. Prices are good and the gentleman that waited on me could not have been more pleasant. I guess I will be making the drive to Atwood Ave. a little more often.
5	This place is a must visit location in Madison for any chocolate lover! The atmosphere is relaxing & friendly. We tried the Parisian Hot Chocolate, which is a must try, and a raspberry tart. We took home an ugly cookie. All of which were amazing & I would get again. The non dessert items looked tasty as well. I want to go back for lunch to try it out (and to get more hot chocolate).
5	The Parisian Hot Chocolate is like drinking hot molten ganache with a variety of chocolate ingredients.  Outstanding drink.  Makes me want to write RSVP at Bon Appetit for the recipe.  You think it's not very much to drink, but its richness means that when you're finished with the cup, you are very satiated.  Had it once just after opening time, and it wasn't very hot yet.  I like it better when it's hot.Not a big fan of the lime meltaways -- I don't think they can decide if they're a candy or a lemon-bar-type thing.But anything chocolate?  I doubt you can go wrong.
5	Absolutely amazing. Best coffee I've ever had. And the desserts were wonderful! The people that work there are very friendly. We don't live here but if we come threw we will be back!
5	I can't get over how nice the staff is here!! Also one time sassy cow was partnering with them to give out free sundaes, so that was a happy day. I've only tried a few things but everything has been very good. Definitely recommend getting the chocolate mousse to split with a friend. It's AWESOME, but too decadent to have by yourself (others may disagree). Ask for a sample of the Parisian hot chocolate before you order something else, also very decadent but lovely for a taste! They also have a nice selection of sandwiches and other cafe items.I went on a Friday and they had live music playing which made the whole thing even lovelier!
5	I am  UW Student and I often take the divre/bike ride out to Chocolaterian to escape the campus and eat a quality cookie. Let me tell you, The Ugly cookie is divine and the Molasses cookie is my usual. Both are perfect for a study session. The Mint cookie sandwich is a little grainy, but otherwise good. The Baristas are always top notch and the music never disappoints. Chocolaterian is worth the extra effort and will always be one of my favorite spots in Madison.
5	I really good place. There is a lot of space to work and study. Also, there are a lot of chocolate to choose. Parisian hot chocolate is always my favorite !
5	I wish that I could snap my fingers and instantly replace every Starbucks in Madison with a Chocolaterian Cafe. Oh, that would be heaven. Ugly Cookies for everyone!Everything that I've consumed at Chocolaterian has been fantastic. The coffee drinks, quiche, baked goods, chocolatey concoctions - it's all just fantastically delicious. The Ugly Cookie is the star, though. Best. Cookie. Ever.This most recent visit, I had a chicken panini and some tomato bisque, and both were exactly what I wanted. Delicious. I've tried several of their soups on different visits, and they are usually excellent.It's a nice cozy place over on Atwood. The perfect place to sit and read or do some work...or relax. And if you sit near the back, you can watch them make stuff in the kitchen. I have not visited the Chocolaterian that's located in the downtown library, but intend on doing so soon. Like, right now.
