2	I can't believe how crowded this place always seems to be. It's a sportsbar/pizza place. A little overpriced in my opinion for what you get. The food is mediocre and while not the worst I've had, definitely not anything worth repeating. Tried it twice, but probably won't go back.
3	always a gathering place for teams on friday nights after a great game of soccer. like the atmosphere and the service but not the quality of food. don't get the pizza's as you can have much better ones almost anywhere else (i know, it's funny for a pizza place) unless you make your own in which case you get to spend a lot. careful with the specials as they are mostly at the bar and they don't warn you of that when you order. i had a few odd moments trying to show the help fliers all around the dining room with the day's specials only to have them refuse my claims every time. best food here, undoubtedly the nachos (fully-loaded) and the philly-cheesesteak sandwich.
2	Boston Pizza feels like an over priced fast food restaurant that you can sit down to place your order rather then stand at a counter.  Which could account for the crowds.  They have a great selection with something for everyone however I am also not convinced that the food is made fresh.  It tastes like the kitchen sources the food from the freezer or a can.
1	Can't find Boston Pizza Guelph so I will write it here. NOT GOOD. My son had the beef dip last year and came down quite ill for a few days. Emails to their manager over a couple days only came back with a strong defence over their quality control, without even bothering go ask how my son was doing. I will NOT go back to a Boston Pizza, besides East Side Mario's offers more reasonable food with substantially bigger portions! ..we eat out frequently.
4	There are several BP locations throughout the Wloo Region but this is the best one in terms of service and food quality.  We frequent this location for their Pasta Tuesday specials and have been very pleased every time.
4	This is a good restaurant chain. The food is consistently good, if not great, across the menu. They have different pizzas available. Definitely not the best pizza you can get (the crust is not thin or cracker-like enough) but the toppings and flavour combinations are good. Sandwiches and appetizers are also generally good. They treat kids very well and keep them entertained with nice giveaways. It is definitely a chain experience, but a good one for the genre.
5	Always amazing service, stellar food great environment and it's not pricy for all you get! Hands down my fav place to go.
4	Standard Boston Pizza. You will got what you are looking for
2	The movie finished late and most of our usual places were closed so we tried this one.  Tuesday is pasta special day so I ordered the seafood linguine with Alfredo sauce, which I usually LOVE. My daughter ordered linguine with a rose sauce and a few meatballs. We also had the Caesar's to start and one order of cheesy garlic bread. The salad was delish and huge (2.45!) with Renee's dressing.  The cheesy garlic bread wasn't very garlicky at all and was so-so.  My pasta had cubes of overcooked salmon in it, (not very pleasant), 4 tiny shrimp, and a few itty bitty scallops, and even when covered in their grated parmesan cheese had almost no taste whatsoever.  I think they forgot to add cheese to the sauce!  My daughter's pasta sauce wasn't much better, what there was of it.  Talk about skimpy... Enough just to barely coat the pasta and lacking any flavour.  The meatballs are light and huge and slightly peppery.  They're ok, and might have been better with some sauce but there wasn't any to spare on the plate!  The pasta was quite dry.  All in all, an edible meal, but lacking flavour.  Most of it ended up in take out containers.  We plan on adding cheese and sauces when we reheat it.  Too expensive to just throw away.  Even on the Tuesday special, no drinks, just water our meal was close to $40.  When I saw the menu I was quite excited and said we'll have to come back a few times to try some other things...  NO!...  Not after wasting money on these two dishes.  I wish we had just gone home and opened a bottle of Classico Alfredo from the supermarket and boiled some fresh pasta.  Also, the pasta was a bit more then al dente.  It was hard.  I guess their pizza must be better, but we'll never know now.  Wish I had tried something else instead.
