5	Insurance is peace of mind.  Who insures you makes that peace of mind something you should never worry about.  I have been with Tony for 12 years now, and I can't rave enough about his service and attention to detail.  How can you not rate someone highly who saves me a boat-load of money?  I know this for a fact because occasionally I call around to see if I have the best rates.  He finds for me the most affordable rates with the most coverage, hands down.  No one can touch his rates.  More importantly, I talk to a human being who explains everything to me in human terms, and is ridiculously timely with calling me back when I have a question - all matters are dealt with immediately.  Unfortunately, the scale only goes up to 5 stars.  I refer business to him regularly, and I have yet to have anyone complain.  Everyone I send there is so happy with the referral, and thank me profusely for sending them to him.  He also covers my sister, my parents, my uncle and aunt, and about a dozen friends.  Everyone is getting the best deal on insurance coverage.  I do my personal insurance with him, and he covers my business insurance as well.  It is silly how much money I save each month for all my coverage.  Do not hesitate to call this guy for a quote - you wont be sorry.
5	Mike & Tony are friends of ours and, because we like and respect them, gave them our auto and homeowner's insurance business. They have been prompt and professional in dealing with any questions and concerns that arose during the switchover. I recommend them whenever the topic of insurance comes up and I have no problem recommending them to anyone, unconditionally.
5	Great rates, excellent customer service! Would recommend to everyone.  What else needs to be said?Took the time to go through the proper coverages and saved me money.Thanks a lot!
5	Leo Insurance Group is so amazing I left another major carrier the moment I heard they were providing services. I love calling the office. They handle every request with a courteous & friendly manner. Everyone works together so nicely to get everything done as soon as possible & they are constantly working to save me money. I'd send everyone who asked me about any type of insurance straight to Leo Insurance Group.
