4	Good overall. Only went for color safe shampoo and conditioner, but they have a good variety of hair care products for every type of hair- including treatments for damaged hair and for ppl who spend a lot of time in the pool.Not a huge store but it appeared to have a good selection in general.Staff very polite- asked if I needed help but didn't hover when I said no.
5	This is a good store for your beauty needs. They are open until 8pm too which is nice.
5	Very long time SBS cust.all over the country- some products & employees I could have done without-trial & error.This SBS &every employee there- esp.Dezarae, have been PATIENT with me,Very lt blonde for more than 20y spending $$$$ every 5-6 weeks at top USsalons.Jan 2013, I went red. After initial change with a trusted stylist, I began to use the 'ION' line. 1st semi 2nd demi- then full on perm color. Scary. The ION products smell great and worked amazingly well. Many compliments- no damage whatsoever!! Jan 2014, I miss my blonde.I was given very specific instructions on the process and how to 'color correct'--2 back to back runs of 'cc' and no damage, and I'm more than 1/2way there!! Today Dezarae was helpful & encouraging without making me feel like a dumbass. Then Kristin AND Jenna jumped in for extra tips and advice. I'm taking it a little slow bc I am nervous- but within the next 2 days, because of these ladies, I am confident I will be satisfied with my results. Thanks girls. You rule.
3	I shop here a lot so I'd say I'm almost a fan.  I personally feel they are slightly overpriced compared to other places, however the products I use for my hair I can only seem to find here.  Although they are slowly fading off of their shelves and being only found on the internet.I have this friend that loves doing at home dye jobs and she usually makes me the hair stylist, forced to buy products from Sally's I really have no clue what I'm doing 80% of the time.  Thank god for google instructions right!  But I'd say more of their hair dyes are ment for professionals.  If you don't know what you're doing you'll screw it up.  Example I had a friend do her own hair with stuff she bought from sally's.  She wanted to go from jet black hair to platinum blonde but the girls at the front desk didn't really know what they were doing or talking about and gave my friend bad advise.  I'd say there only purpose at the store is ringing people up, don't ask questions of them on how to do stuff.  You're honestly better off like me googling stuff on facebook and looking up youtube videos.  My friends DIY project from black to blonde with their advise turned her hair orange.  She went back and asked for more advise, stupid her, and it ended up more platinum but with a blue tint to it.  By the time she went back a third time to get advise the last person seemed to know what she was doing but had advised my friend against bleaching it again.  Which of course my friend didn't listen and her hair fell out.  Perhaps if my friend found the 3rd cashier the first time around.  But hey like I said, they are there to ring you up, not to give advise so if you for it, double check what they say against the internet at least.If you take their advise and it screws up your hair or something else, then it's kind of yoru fault for not forking out the cash and going to a professional.Like I said, I believe them to be over priced but they do tend to hold products I can't find anywhere else.
