2	I've only been to Philip Pelusi for haircuts. The salon offers a range of prices for cuts. If you go for a cheaper cut, you're likely to get one of their stylists-in-training. Those cuts are a real gamble; more often than not, they're just bad.Even with the more expensive cuts, the stylists are more talk than ability. They know their products, but when it comes to actually cutting the hair, they're still no good.The Philip Pelusi on Murray might yet be good for spa treatments and waxes; I haven't tried either of those. Go somewhere else for a good cut.
4	Nice work. I got a great short cut and color here. People complimented me on my hair for at least 2 months afterwards.The stylist REALLY listened to me about the color. I knew the effect I wanted and at first she seemed a little surprised, but she went with it and totally made it work.Yes, she was very talky, but in the last 5 years I've gotten two haircuts that didn't make me cry (and I cry over a decent haircut, just not a great one). This was one of them.  I've also gotten a decent trim here.Plus, they are very accommodating and have good discounts. I'd recommend them to a friend.
2	I am not a fan of Phillip Pelusi hair salons.  I have been to several different locations (Bloomfield, Sq. Hill, South Side, and Robinson) and I always thought the prices, regardless of range, were too high considering the skill and personality of the stylist.  They never call to remind of the appointment either, which I think should be a common courtesy these days.
2	I am also not really a fan of this chain of salons. It almost runs a little bit more like a hair academy, than a true salon. They seem to cycle through stylists pretty frequently, and the price of your cut is prorated depending on the level of experience of the stylist. Unless you find someone that you really connect with for cutting and styling your hair, I'd pretty much recommend finding another salon.I went to this location a couple of months prior to my wedding for a hair trial appointment. Apparently, the client before me was having a disastrous experience with a perm, and so my appointment was getting pushed back. In hindsight, I should have just left the salon and made another appointment, but I stuck around because I was visiting from out of town. I finally get back and show her how I'd like to have my hair. She quickly pins it up, and says, "Oh, but I'll do it much tighter and nicer on your wedding day." Yeah...I was not sold on her services - at all!
3	I've gotten two "eh" cuts at Philip Pelusi.  I'd be satisfied with "eh", I suppose, if I were paying less, but for the price I'd expect much more.  Neither cut was terrible, but neither was what I had in mind or asked for, either.
2	Ok, I've been away from pgh for about a year but here is my honest opinion--the caliber of service depends on your stylist.  Unfortunately, those stylists who  are capable & will give you what you want will cost you an arm & a leg.  The reviewer who said that the chain runs like a hair academy is correct.  Pelusi bills itself as a high end salon like Frederic Fekkai..it's not, but it charges like one.  I don't know what the prices are like now, but we would end up paying $55 for a man's haircut; and that's for someone who doesn't have a lot of hair.  My kid's hair cut, with clippers, was $28.  IN PGH.  Are you kidding me?  Phil may think that he is Frederic Fakkai but he definitely isn't  nor is his salon.  And a tip to those going for the first time...look at your stylist's hair.  If it's bad, then run.
1	EEK!  Don't get your eyebrows waxed at  Philip Pelusi!  I've been getting my eyebrows done for ages and I just tried out Philip Pelusi (definitely a financial step up from where I usually go) and it's two days later and my eyeLIDS are still all red.  Yes, I have sensitive skin... but it's never been like this before... on my eyeLIDS.  So get waxes here at your own peril!
3	Maybe 2 1/2 stars.  I'll come here for a trim.  They seem to do okay with men's hair though.  My husband has come here a few times and gotten a nice cut.
1	If I go to get a haircut, I want a haircut. I don't care what you're putting in my hair or how it smells so stop trying to sell it to me. If I said I don't want to buy the shampoo, chances are I'm not going to buy the shine enhancer either and thank you for pointing out the "regrowth" of my eyebrows but no, I don't want a wax...I'll go home and pluck it for free.
1	This salon is mediocre. The person on the phone was very nice and the salon itself is fairly clean. I've gone here because it is close to campus.  In terms of stylists, avoid Amy if you can. I first went to her to get my hair dyed red--I emphasized I wanted it to look natural, I even showed her a picture of the color I wanted. Instead, she dyed my hair exactly the same shockingly tomato-red shade that a few of the stylists there have. For my next haircut I went back to a different stylist for a haircut and had a good experience (unfortunately I can't remember her name).   Then, for my next haircut I made an appointment for a haircut with the only stylist available during the time I was free. I didn't realize that it was Amy again until I got there. She spent the entire time trying to convince me, to the point of being very pushy and rude (insulting the way my hair looked at the time) to come in to get my hair dyed by her again and to get other expensive treatments. She also seemed very rushed doing my hair--I told her she was burning my scalp with the dryer and she didn't even apologize! In the end, I was happy with the way my haircut turned out, but it was not at all worth being treated rudely. There are plenty of stylists in the city who do a good job AND act professional.
4	This has been my hair salon off and on for about a decade now, between moves, and a few of my early stylists disappearing to other random locations throughout the city.I think my issues with Philip Pelusi are with the company itself, not with the staff here (or at any of the other locations I've visited, to be honest).  The stylists push the product, but the way that it is promoted throughout the entire store leads me to believe this is a mandate from HQ that they must push product or risk losing their jobs, and not that the staff themselves want to be pushy (but so it goes with retail and companies).That being said, I love love LOVE my stylist Ann.  I've been going to her for about six years now, and she always does an amazing job with my hair.  She listens to what I request and has made several suggestions regarding color and treatments that I've loved.I also got a keratin treatment here (at Ann's suggestion), and I'm madly in love with it.  It was about $300 and several hours of my time, plus three full days of no washing/pulling up/touching my hair, but SO WORTH IT.  It took drying and straightening time down from about 25 minutes to 11 minutes.  I'll just say that again: the keratin treatment took FOURTEEN MINUTES off of my style time each day.  That's a miracle to me.Regarding their products, in general, I'm not a fan: everything feels a little too-goopy and greasy for hair like mine that is already thick and prone to get oily, and the smells are pretty bad (I'm a sucker for Herbal Essences and good old Head & Shoulders scent).  However, when you do the keratin treatments,  your options are rather limited, and I have found a product of theirs that I can use pretty regularly without issue (it's the Fade DePhy color-saving shampoo, which I rotate with Tresseme, a pleasant-smelling shampoo does not over-oil my hair... gosh hair is so high-maintenance).  I feel like my hair is kind of sticky each time I leave the salon.  But, my mum goes to Ann as well, and she has a ton of fragrance allergies, so if you ask, the stylists will accommodate you!All in all though, I love this location and will keep coming back.  Ann is a great stylist, and I also adore the girl at the front desk with the red hair (sorry I forget your name!).  But I feel like Mr. Pelusi overshadows the talents and personalities of his stylists with the product placement, which is a shame, as the staff deserves to be in the spotlight instead.Notes: hair service costs vary by stylist.  Also, they accept credit cards, but if you tip on the credit card instead of in cash, it gets divided amongst the staff, and does not go to your individual stylist.
1	A little too expensive. Bad haircut. If going here for a men's haircut, avoid Renee.
4	Excellent salon. I always have my hair cut and styled just how I want it. The stylists are friendly without being pushy. The prices are reasonable, and I love their product line.
2	I made an appointment for 6:15, I wasn't taken until 6:45. The haircut took an hour, which I feel for a men's haircut is a little long. The cut wasn't great, but it wasn't terrible. I probably won't be back.
1	This review is for the Squirrel Hill location, where out of the 5 man's haircuts and 4 stylists that I have had, let it be said, that I will be going back to Kendall.  He attentively took the right amount of time to do what he had to do, and he did it very well.Here is the experience that I have had otherwise: On the second stylist I used based on her price point (the very first was an on the spot scheduling because I accidentally scheduled with the South Side shop and was UPGRADED WITHOUT BEING TOLD of the price increase) I had a good experience first, then the second cut took approximately 10 minutes, I am not joking, because I was called beforehand and asked if I wanted to come in early because the client before me was late.  When that client did arrive and was ready, I was shuffled off.  It was a rush job, and an insult at $36 without tip.  The last cut I got is beyond description other than I have never had a more careless job.  I had to fix it myself at home which included clipping a flap of hair in the back that I concluded could not have been on purpose no matter what the effect desired could be.  The bizarre thing of it was that she actually vocalized some things like blending the sides and how high for the sideburns, and then left me with a mushroom on one side with zero blending and, the most fucked up hair thing that I have ever had done, actually shaved one sideburn up to the top of my ear, unevenly, and left the other intact. This is basically unfixable without duplicating on the other side.  Overall, the cut was unfinished like she got the signal to take her next.  This stylist assured me that I was in good hands due to her 16 years with the salon, and the previous stylist was a manager.  Watch out, and only go in on personal recommendation because they will not give a shit about you and your hair or whether you may have a job interview two days after they fuck it all up (I did).
4	I have only been to Joanne because of a previous reviewer.  I've never had my hair colored by her, but I can certainly attest to her cuts.  I am EXTREMELY picky about my hair (sorry...   I'm a perfectionist) and she did an amazing job.  She is more cautious and doesn't go scissor happy.  I always walk out satisfied.  So this rating is for her personally, not for phillip pelusi overall. (didn't give 5 because I don't know how color is).  When I decide to do some color, I will update this, but I have a feeling she is great.  She seems to know her stuff.  She's also very accommodating and great to talk to :)
4	Expensive but worth it!They give you what you want out of your hair!Love their products as well.
1	I had my eyebrows waxed at your Ross park location and I am very unhappy. They are completely mis-shapen and far too thin.  I'm very upset and I would be willing to send you a picture so you can see the hack job this lady did on my brows.I paid and politely left my change as a tip, not because I was satisfied, but because I am not rude. I feel I need to let you know about this so noone else has to endure the painful experience that I did.She must not have had proper esthetician training because her symmetry is off and she completely deminished my arch. Her technique was lacking as she failed to brush and trim them before she waxed. She was very polite and I have no qualms about her personally. I truly feel that this reflects solely on the training (or lack there of) that Phillip pelusi provides. She was doing her job the way that seemingly is acceptable for your company.  Unfortunately for the customers that is severely lack luster and quite frankly is up to par with super cuts.I had wonderful eyebrows that were slightly overgrown that now I have to deal with growing back in.  My brows have not been this thin since jr high when I was plucking them myself. Honestly. I feel I would have been better off doing then myself because I have a basic understanding of the points in the eye to use to shape the arch ( that I no longer have) I thought Phillip pelusi was a reputable salon with a qualified staff, but I am truly appalled by the lack of technique and honestly my overall experience. I should have walked away when my head was placed in a sink, not layed on a pillow on a table with a professional esthetician.
5	I've been going to the Squirrel Hill location here for about two years now and I always receive awesome cut / color. The really experienced stylists are super (perhaps overly) expensive! I go to Tatiana, a wonderful stylist whose prices I can actually reasonably afford :) She's been cutting my hair for a while now, and I ALWAYS get compliments. She is also super nice and considerate. Renee is another great stylist, she did my first cut and color; and it was one of the best cuts I have ever had!
4	I am visiting Pittsburgh from Maryland due to a family emergency. After spending 2 weeks in a hospital waiting room it was definitely time for a hair wash. I went to this salon based on a recommendation from a friend. I was alitte nervous but I figured you can't really mess up a wash and flat iron, right? Well.....My 1st hairdresser was Traci. Everything was going well until it came time to blow dry my hair. Apparently Traci's blow dryer only has 2 temperatures, "North Pole or Hell". I complained several times about the "Hell" temperature so she finally turned it down to "North Pole". Then she proceeded to tell me that my hair wouldn't get straight on that temperature. Well my hair doesn't get all the way straight on any temperature that's why I requested a flat iron also. After several exchanges it was clear Traci had an attitude and wasn't really interested in me as a client so she left, came back and said her manager was going to finish my hair.At this point I was over all of it. I asked the receptionist if I owed anything and promptly left the store. Wet hair and all. Being as though this was my first time in Traci's chair I expected a better level of communication and customer service. I am not new to any of this. This was her first time touching the hair I have lived with for 33 years so I'm thinking I may know something about what works for me.  I was trying to respect her as the professional but when I realized she could care less about learning about my specific hair routines/experiences I stopped caring as well.  I do know if you are going to use 400 degree heat on my head I shouldn't need a flat iron also but that wasn't going to be the case therefore I wasn't going to let anyone burn my scalp just because they didn't know what they were doing. About 5 minutes later the manager, Kristen, called me and asked me to return. She apologized and we discussed the situation. I was still ticked off but reluctantly returned. Kristen was kind, blew out my hair without burning me, and flat ironed it to perfection.  When I left my hair almost looked exactly the way it should. And the next day it was even more fabulous. (we all know that is the true test lol)I'm glad I went back and I'm now a fan of Kristen. Hopefully I get to go home soon and won't need to go back but if I do, I recommend Kristen. She turned a really unnecessarily upsetting situation into a positive one. (which means she is also a great manager, not just a hairdresser)Price - I thought the original price was very reasonable. $38 - 45 minute blow dry, $17 flat iron. I live in Maryland though so I guess it is relative.
5	I stopped in for a consult with Ric & after asking all the usual questions he made me feel right at home. He has 20 yrs of experience and is totally comfortable coloring blondes. I was scared to get started with a new stylist but I just moved here and it was time. I am extremely lucky to have found Ric. He is super nice and has mad skills. I would recommend his services to anyone and the salon was very clean and everyone else there seemed super friendly (no catty drama) ;)
3	Kids cuts were good.  Eyebrow waxing good, decent price.  Love the walk in service.
5	I went to Philip Pelusi in Squirrel Hill to donate my hair to locks of love since my regular salon doesn't donate hair for you.  I was super nervous never having my hair significantly short before.  I read all these reviews before going and when my stylist Tracie introduced herself I remembered the below review.  Well she did an amazing job!  I am so happy with my cut & being able to help someone out by donating.  I continuously receive compliments on my hair.  Everyone at the salon seemed professional and caring about me and my experience.  I didn't feel pressured to buy anything or add any extra treatments.  I did end up buying a heat guard since I will be styling my new cut everyday.  It was reasonably priced for how huge the bottle is.  It will at least last me a year.  I couldn't be happier with the experience & my new do! :)
