3	Regrettably, I like the stock in here and have admiration for the designers. They have worked their way up over the past decade from university and now have their own store. I tip my beret to that.But, like Alice, there're a few things I don't like about the store. As much as I am more sympathetic towards independent designers charging a ton for their clothing, it's still unaffordable for many It's not just that I can't even stretch to buy a scarf from here...I can see a lot of people being shut out by the price tags.The clothes are elegant, gorgeous and impeccably well made, but the accessories are marred by tacky Totty Rocks logo's sewn on to the front. If there's something I loathe, it's designers brandishing their name over otherwise gorgeous clothes. All the high end fashion movers and shakers do it but no one has seemed to clock on to how hideous it looks. It reminds me of when people used to moronically scrawl their name over desks in high school. Just in case you forget where you bought it, there's the name handily written on the front for you! Like you wouldn't recall spending a frivilous amount on such a purchase. If you like it enough to pay 40 quid for it, you're going to remember where you bought it.I felt like Pretty Woman in here, when she's frogmarched out a shop in LA for looking cheap. The staff have a bit of an icy exterior that makes me petrified to ask for anything. I don't know if it would be different if I had money.If you can afford it they have some beautiful, sophsticated dresses that are modelled on the glamour eras of the 40s and 50s. I like their summer collection because it was full of free spirited whimsy. A bit like Kate Moss's range when she was into her chilled out country clothing, only arguably much better in design. But I felt like I was trespassing in a richer territory that I just can't afford. And even if you can't afford anything, you shouldn't be made to feel as though you're wasting time browsing in a store.
3	Totty didn't really rock me but I can see why some people would like it. It's a bit way too overpriced for the actual clothing items in question (some of which scream I'm the new art-designer's baby and am trying to be as quirky as possible). Yes it is an independent boutique but you also want your clients to afford your collection instead of waiting for the one-off visit of the wealthier supermodels (although perhaps they don't need to sell that many items then?). Plus the Totty Rocks logo on their rather nice accessories is a bit off-putting to say the least. (almost as much as the icy attitude the girls who work here have)What I really like about this store is the actual building- it's quirky and spread out over two floors. If you are on this street I would suggest popping in inside even if you don't intend to buy anything. They change their stock a lot and it's still fun to browse through and be your own judge of the prices and clothes.
5	This place is my haven!!I fell in love with a grey jacket here once, it was stunning. It had red lining and the inside had a red and white racehorse pattern on it. it's so quirky. When my dad came in here randomly a few weeks later, the staff told him that a girl fitting my description fell in love with this coat and gave it to him for a discounted price! Talk about service!!They have really quirky things in here, really cool and really wonderful!! Ok it's quite expensive, but look at all the pretty things. Isn't it worth it?! My jacket certainly is! I've had so many compliments on it, and people seem to know it's totty rocks because of the distinctive style.I can't emphasize enough how much I love it here - please please visit!
4	Totty Rocks is beautiful inside and out and I'd be surprised if anyone could resist doing a double take whilst passing the stunning window display which must have taken an absolute age to organise. As the other reviewers have mentioned, the macs here are to die for and are perfectly tailored, come in various different colours and themes and have gorgeous lining too. The clothing is very elegant and girly with beautiful materials. For designer pieces the prices aren't all that ridiculous but still not something I could afford everyday on the old student budget. Great for a treat though or a gift for a special occasion.
1	I love the boutiques in the Grassmarket and often look at the window of Totty Rocks.  Normally i don't have the money for it, but feeling like I did (for once!) I went in because I love their macs especially.  I was immediately looked up and down by the assistant and clearly found wanting.  Obviously my outfit was not good enough because she actually sneered at me!With that I had a quick look round, was really tempted by a tartan dress which was nice but there were only sizes 10 and 12 and I wasn't exactly feeling like I could ask for a bigger size.Overall although I may have coveted their macs for years, I won't be back in.  There are so many great independent designers who make their customers feel welcome, rather than Snooty Rocks.
