5	Love them the owner Jen is great about taking care of her clients. Once you go you will go for years
2	I use to go here but the quality of the service has gone down hill, 2 days after a pedi my feet are rough again. I'm a guy and need a good job and they have failed to do a good job, going elsewhere.
5	Jen and Tom run an immaculate shop and work very hard to please the customer.   I have been a client for 8 years....they are extremely good at their profession and so easy!!!
5	Jen and Tom run an immaculate shop and work very hard to please the customer.   I have been a client for 8 years....they are good and easy!!
1	Unfortunately it appears that Jen had to sell the business the new owners keep pretending that she's on vacation and not telling people the truth. I heard they're no longer even excepting gift certificates from Jen, that is bad business and I can no longer get this place five star review I will miss Jen and I will miss Tom. They were great people and had a great business.
1	Ok, seriously?! I came here the last week of June because it was super close to my house and I wanted to try some place new. I arrived and was taken right away by a lady that directed me to the pedicure chair. The pedicure itself was just fine but after that it went all DOWN HILL from there.I sat down to get a full set with a gel overlay. At first, this lady was being very gentle and really taking her time with cutting my nails but when it came to putting the acrylic on...she was really bad. REALLY BAD. I've been getting my nails done since I was at least 17 and this was the WORST experience that I've ever had. She put the acrylic on so THICK that it looked like a rock. It was horrible. Not only that, she couldn't speak a full sentence of English. They were so bad that after a hour of her trying to file her way to looking normal, she stopped and I had to wait for about 30 minutes for her husband to finish them. I work at a salon as well and I question if this lady even has her license. I have never seen such poor work in my entire beauty industry life! Her husband was nice but he didn't speak a lick of English either. It was very hard to communicate with them and I was very angry because of all of the waiting I had to do. I was there for 3 hours and if they could have understood what I was saying I would have just walked out and finished them myself.I hope that others have a better experience than myself. But, if you want to try somewhere new, please be careful. I would not advise any of my friends to come here. EVER
