5	Wonderful and well run restaurant by husband and wife team. The husband is the chef and the wife runs front of house. We were looking for good french food and Bistro Duo D delivered. They have an excellent wine selection. For dinner we started with the escargot and salmon appetizers. My husband had a spectacular duck confit and I had cod that was melt in your mouth tender. We shared a chocolate mousse for dessert. I wish we had this place in our neighborhood.
5	I came here for a business trip in July 2012 and cannot stop thinking about how delicious it was.I can't remember what we had except the DUCK CONFIT was the BEST I HAVE EVER HAD and I would fly back to Montreal just to eat it ONE MORE TIME! I have searched the earth for a better duck confit and have not found it. Hats off to the amazing chef!TIPS- Do not forget to make reservations as they do get busy and the place is very small (small but a great atmosphere if you were on a date. Unfortunately i was with my boss so it wasn't as fun, but thanks for picking up the bill boss!!)
5	We had an 8:30 reservation and got there early. They already had our table set up and seated up but apologized because the kitchen was not ready to prepare our order. They brought us drinks and we had a lovely time waiting. We so appreciated the special treatment that we had knowing that our food was being cooked just for us. We had the duck confetti and it was as others have said - marvelous. They offered a free per-appetizer and bread/butter, as we were waiting for our appetizer. The food was the best we had in Montreal, the service was superb, and the atmosphere was perfect for our anniversary dinner. I would highly recommend going  here if you have one meal in Montreal and you want French. Thank you for a lovely evening.
5	Hands down the best food my husband and I ever ate. When we arrived we were greeted very nicely, the woman I don't remember her name is really sweet and with a great sense of humor. The apps were wonderful, the main course was extraordinary. I had the duck which was amazing and my husband the lamb which he loved. Desert was very good too. Overall great place to come for a nice romantic dinner and wonderful food. Next time we are in Montreal we will def come back!!!
5	If there were 10 stars I would give them all to this restaurant. Food is awesome. Best steak frites ever in my life and there have been a few  Owners make their own smoked salmon it is perfectly smoked. Try it
5	Recommended by friends..and now it's my turn to say...GO TO THIS restaurant!! The food is amazing, the service impeccable, the ambience...do you hear me sighing?? Truly remarkable evening...a do not miss while you are in Montreal! If I lived there, this would be my go to place to take visiting family and friends and a blissful night out withy husband.
4	First into the restaurant, we had the attention of the Duo of Ds. Mr. Chef was extremely friendly as he was preparing for the evening's service. Mrs. D at the front was fine. Coming back from the washroom, I asked what the chef recommended, and he glowed with pride about everything on the menu. His comments were proud without being arrogant, and left me excited to try just about anything. I ended up trying the duck confit, and it was fall-off-the-bone moist and delicious. My friend had a steak (smallish portion, cooked well.) She was only passably impressed with the onion soup, though. All in all, a very good dinner. Oddly enough though, despite the 4 stars, I don't know that I would rush back. Though certainly, if I were in the area, I would be pleased to stop back in.
