5	Many of us dream of owning an exotic car, but this is the next best thing... the opportunity to drive one! This is the ultimate exotic car fan's Toys R Us! A garage full of Ferraris, Lamborghinis, Audis, Porsches, Aston Martins, etc... it was like I died and went to heaven.The entire staff is friendly and customer service is top notch. The instructors are all professional drivers with previous professional racing backgrounds and allow you to push the cars limits... well, push it to your driving ability limits :)The 9-turn track is challenging alone, but add in a 500+ HP monster and you have a thrill of a lifetime. I highly suggest you take advantage of the multi-car package!Check out the video of my experience! http://bit.ly/bKdoV0
5	What a great place. Where else can I take the latest 400k car out for a quick jog !
5	I can't say enough about the experience or the crew working here. Wow. Amazing. I went a few weeks ago and had the pleasure of spending some time in an R8... just me, the track, the beautiful beast of German engineering, and Danny - my delightful instructor. I was anxious about driving after the short (maybe 20 minutes) lecture / instruction segment in the classroom setting. Then we went out on the track in groups in a Porsche Cayenne (SUV) to get the lay of the track.Back to base and out with our instructors in our car of choice. I chose 5 laps with the Audi, but next time I would take the advice of other Yelpers and go for more laps in one car. Just as I really got a feel for the car and the gas and braking, time was up. =(My wife did the R8 driving experience but also did the ride along in the Corvette with a pro driver... She LOVED it. It was just as described - "a fast, crazy ride for people who love rollercoasters." I opted out because i'm not the biggest rollercoaster fan.The best part... aside from the memories and the photos -- we have video! So amazing to watch the track with the inset view of myself as I whip around each corner. I cannot wait to go back and spend more time behind the wheel... it's def. worth the trek to the track and dealing with an odd setup.Be prepared for the hard sell on upgrades, videos, apparel, etc.
3	0 to $300 dollars broker in less than 3 minutes!I think this company does a great job at delivering dream cars to the masses albeit at a premium. Online booking is slick and efficient, when you get there expect to be there for a while especially if there are many people. After the initial registration you sit through a classroom debrief of what to expect, then you wait and wait to go out on a tour of the track in one of their SUVs - you will be shocked how hard they push them, I was in the Porsche Cayenne and I swear we went round a bend at 80mph pulling what felt like a G of gravity. If you weren't excited yet, you will be after this!When you finally get called to drive the actual car, you strap on a helmet, get some last minute instructions ... and you're off! The first lap is basically wasted taking it all in, especially if this is your first time. My instructor seemed to get snippy when I didn't (unintentionally) follow his instructions to the tee - dude, take a chill pill! After the first lap, things get a lot better and you get more confident - and start to really go for it... and then before you know it you get asked to slow down and pull back into the garage. I honestly thought my instructor had jipped me for at least a lap or two but when I watched the tape - it had been 5!If you ordered a DVD - which is useless except for verification that you actually did 5 laps, you get to wait another 30 minutes for the DVD & certificate.All in all it is a pleasant experience, if you do not want to wait, pick a car that is not popular, 80% of people pick the Lamborghini Gallardo & Ferrari F430's. The upside to the wait is that you get to take lots of pics by all the cars. To wrap, this is a great experience, though slightly pricey. I would have given this 5 stars were it not for the instructors attitude and the long wait times
2	My bf got me ten laps for Christmas at the El Toro track in Irvine. For that much money, I was really dissapointed with the track. The mile or so track was set up with cones in an unused airfield...totally lame. Nevertheless, I was super excited to get behind the wheel of a Ferrari F430 AND a Lambo LP560! I had a blast driving the F430 simply because the coach really encouraged me to take the car to its limits....you just can't say no to an invitation like that! However, when it came time to drive the Gallardo, I felt totally jipped. The coach kept telling me to stop or slow down or speed up....and the thing that really peeved me was that he kept grabbing my wheel. OMG! Leave me alone! Gr!  It was soooo not worth the extra money to drive the Lambo with that prude! Obviously, I have a soft spot for exotics and supercars....my yelp name is Missus BUGATTI after all....but forking over this kind of cash for five measily laps laced with nonstop old man bickering just isn't worth it. I wish they'd refund my bf all that money. :(
2	My husband and I had a very unsatisfactory experience at this company's Las Vegas Speedway branch this past Saturday. My husband was made to wait over an hour past the discovery laps (only to find out that they had forgotten about him...though there was no apology offered.) Once the helmet was on, they forgot about him again, and only after prodding the woman again did she finally find an instructor for him. (The car he was supposed to be driving was sitting there for at least 20 minutes while he had on the helmet.) Then--and worst of all--his driver was rude and unhelpful, and seemed almost annoyed that he had to be in the car with my husband. When I wanted to complain before we left, we were told the appropriate person wasn't available. Therefore, I feel I have no other option than to complain on Yelp and every other possible Internet forum, as well as to Cloud 9, the company that steered me toward this "experience." Overall, this was a disorganized and disappointing waste of money.
3	Ok, so I am upgrading this place to three stars because after complaining on the company's website about our experience, I was contacted directly by the CEO and after reviewing the in-car tapes of my husband's driving experience, they offered a very nice apology and have totally refunded our money. While we won't be able to take them up on their offer of a complimentary do-over "experience," I do think that this is a good business that is trying hard to earn their customers' respect. If you are interested in this kind of thing, I would give them a shot!
5	Whooo hoo!!!I had been hearing about this place for months but had yet to make it out to check out the track.. It lived up to the expectations and more!!I headed out to the track on thursday afternoon earlier this week. I arranged to have me and 7 UFC fighters picked up from Red Rock Hotel and Casino by a limo company Exotics Racing uses, Presidential Limo. It was quite a long drive but the guys were buzzing as they looked forward to their experience that day. We arrived at the garage located at Las Vegas Motor Speedway around 1:30pm. I believe that they had about 18 different exotics there and as we were filling out paperwork, we looked around and took photos of some of the cars.We started with a 30 minute briefing in a side room before being taken out by a Porsche Cayenne to get a feel for the track. the handling in that thing was amazing!! all the fighters were grinning ear to ear after we got back from that.Soon we were given a helmet and sliding behind the wheel. I was given a memory card to hang around my wrist which the instructor asked for an plugged into the camera system. After a few more instructions we exited the garage and entered on to the race track. It took me about 2 laps to really get a feel of what was going on with the car and the way the track was set up.. the last 3 were spent really feeling and hugging the curves.. It was over all too soon though!!Once back at the garage, i was promptly put into the passenger seat of a turbo Porsche where an actual racecar driver screamed out onto the track with the sports car and drifted all the turns taking turn 7 & 8 completely sideways...After it was done, I spent time talking to the guys about their own experiences and didn't even realize the time had passed enough that we were being handed our DVD recordings of the entire experience... Whoooooo hoooo!!! can't wait to go and bring more friends back there!!
4	Amazing experience for sure and I will certainly go back and give it a whirl again. 5 laps is not enough, by lap 4 you get into the track & get more comfortable and by lap 5 when I hit my stride it was over. But AMAZING! I would suggest going for more laps and truely tearing up the race track. I drove the Aston Martin and next time will be tropical lime lamborghini.Be prepared for long wait though, they schedule too many people to drive, it should be more exclusive & its not super organized but the staff are pretty nice.  If you go - BOOK EARLY in the day.
2	Good time if you are not an experienced driver. If you're looking to actually drive one of the cars on the track, you won't find that here. The instructors are good and the experience was good but you don't actually really get to experience the cars for what they are. The instructors manage your speed and don't let you shift the cars hardly. That means you're mostly lugging the car around the track not really experiencing the potential.
5	My very first experience with a supercar and driving around a race track, and I am definitely hooked!  I drove the Lamborghini Gallardo LP560 for 7 laps, which cost $399.  Now that may seem like a very steep price to pay to drive a car around for 7 laps, which realistically is around 10 minutes or less.  But consider these points:-You are driving cars that range from just under $100k (GT-R) to $400k+ (Murcielago LP640), and they're adding the Aventador LP700 and the McLaren MP4-12C to their lineup as well.-These cars are fully insured so you don't take the risk of damaging or totaling the cars.-You are also not responsible for gas, maintenance, replacing tires (with how hard they are driven, they go through tires very fast and they are not cheap).-The professionals do a GREAT job of coaching the inexperienced (from my perspective at least!)-And seriously, these are the cars of almost every little kid's dreams, and you are able to drive them on a track, without worrying about speed limits!They first take you to a classroom where an instructor tells you all the stuff you need to know, such as how to approach turns, when to break, when to accelerate, etc.  They also do a great job marking the actual track on where to start your break, where the apex of the turns are, where to start the turn, and where to end the turn.After that they take you around the course twice on a Porsche Cayenne to familiarize you with the track and show you the intricacies of all the turns.  Finally they introduce you to your professional driver who will sit along side you and coach you through your own laps.  And from my experience, the professional I got wasn't trying to hold me back.  They seem very competitive even when they are not driving and constantly push you harder and faster.Overall it was a perfect experience for me and I had so much fun!
2	If you just want to drive the car, like everyone else has said on this review, this will get it done but well over priced. The point of driving and exotic car is to feel the power. I was greatly disappointed, as were all three of my friends. We drove the 640hp, 0-60 in 3.3 s Lamborghini murcielago and none of us really felt the power nor were able to really take the car for an exotic race. 0-60 in 3.3 s should throw your head back, even at the beginning they said the first few seconds will be a blur, this never occurred!1) the track is over crowded, and you get stuck behind other drivers who may be on their first lap and going slow. They say they will comp you a lap, but that never happened.2) 5 laps are why too short, you do not get to take this car on the actual speedway, which is what I was hoping to get so I could drive it at 100+ mph. Instead you get to take it on a small mini circuit course. 3) The instructors keep regulating your speed and never let you actually put the car to its limits. You might as well go just drive a WRX or BMW and get a better experience. We had the free Porsche cayenne discovery lap and he drove MUCH faster and harder then I was ever allowed to in the lambo. What a waste of a $380 K vehicle.4) At $400+ this was a rip off. The video I got with it for an additional $80 is poor quality and as good as useless. Not once do the cameras catch your car nor the speedometer. Anyone can film your face and the road, I want to prove that I drove a exotic car, and see what speed I went, not see the track.5) The customer service is horrible, we tried to rebook our trip or even shift it just like 30 mins later and the people on the phone were completely rude and disrespectful. For paying almost half a grand, you'd expect better service. When we got to the course, there were people driving until almost 1pm even tho they would not let us come in later then 11:30 am. None of us got in the cars before 12:30.
5	I'm a local and I can't believe I didn't do this sooner! My first time on a track and first time driving at high speed. This experience is truly awesome! The staff are super friendly and make this fun and easy going. They also have it down to a science of how to get everyone moving through very smoothly yet it feels really personal and not rushed.I drove a Ferrari 458 Italia (oh just a $300K + super car) and a Ferrari F430 Scuderia then topped it off with a ride along driven around the track or I should say drifting around the entire track by a former Indy racer. An instructor rides along with you and instructs you when to accelerate, brake, and shift. They have cones on the corner to show you where to aim the car to drive the safest and fastest. Just follow your instructor and you will be going faster than you ever have and feeling like a star race driver in your wickedly expensive ride!HUGE FUN! Absolutely going back! Next time it will be several Lamborghinis! Think of it this way: you could spend your life's fortune on one of these cars and never drive it as fast as you could here. OR you could do this experience 4-5 times per year for the next 30+ years and actually spend far far less than buying one of the cars.JUST DO IT!
3	I have been going back and forth with myself whether to give this place 2 or 3 stars but Joe, the instructor in the Lamborghini Gallardo was really good and turned the experience around I think. Read the full story below or if you just care about my tips the very last paragraph.Had I only driven the Ferrari this place would get 1 star. I had 2 different instructors in the Ferrari as the first (very old dude - the oldest instructor I saw) made me turn out and then had somebody else 'deal with me'. He didn't like that I in fact tried to push the car - not to its limits but to my limits. We had no incidents but I did not shift as they tell you at 6000rpm (which is a joke) but rather at 7500. I also had put the F430 into race mode (w/out him noticing) which stiffens the suspension and increases the throttle response - this seemed to be too much for the old geezer. Anyway - I would not recommend driving any of the Ferraris with them - they are overprotective of these cars and ruin the experience to be easy on their cars and make even more money - disappointing.The Lambo however, or better the combo of Lambo and Joe made this lots of fun. Had I only driven the Gallardo it would have been a 4 star rating. 5 star is out of the question since this is way overpriced and 5 laps really means 4 laps plus the way in and out of the pit. It is a 1.1mi track so they are making bank charging up to $399 for 5mi.To sum it up, it is worth the experience to go there to hear the cars and I would say driving one of the easy to drive cars (GTR, Gallardo, R8) is fun as the instructors are less freaked out. Driving the interesting cars (Ferrari) will not be fun unless rolling around the course is enough for you for that price.
5	I can't believe I didnt review this place sooner. I rented a Ferrari Italia 458 and an Audio R8. First off the prices are not that expensive if you take into account the training and the experience. This should be on everyone bucket list. If not add it NOW. The experience itself is like nothing you've every experienced...well most people dont have a quarter of a million dollar car to enjoy.  So when you arrive you check in and based upon the time you signed up for will roughly be 30 minutes before you get your paws on your dream. Once they call your group you are escorted into a classroom with instructors. They go over the basics etc. Then you wait until they call your name and you hop into the discovery vehicle, which is usually a newer Hummer or a SUV Porsche. They hall ass out of the parking garage and floor it through the track while they explain to you how to take each turn and how to break. Once your done you wait about 7ish minutes and they "suit you up." They give you a nice helmet and they make sure your seated properly. An instructor is in the war with you, but it definitely helps because after the 2nd lap you gain much more confidence and rape those turns and kiss the apex. It's loooooads of fun and it's the perfect date or gift for a loved one.
5	Best $99 bucks I've ever spent!!!    I was to do the ride along in the Porsche, but it was being serviced so they upgraded me to the Ferrari.  I told my driver (Richie) that I wanted to go fast!! He was friendly and welcoming.  We burned rubber out of the hanger!The speed wasn't what I thought because of all the other cars on the track.  But he hugged the corners in a way I thought only possible in video games.  THAT'S what I'm talkin' about! I couldn't wipe the smile off my face!  I'm saving my pennies for the Fontana race track (closer to LA).  Whoohoo! My boyfriend's saving up to actually drive one himself.  I say forget it.  Let the pros do it right and sit back and enjoy!
5	Exotic Racing is simply AMAIZING!!! The only disappointment is that I have not found this place sooner. What an amazing experience. Where else can you race the latest(200$-400$+) luxury sports cars with instrctors teaching you how to race properly. its an absolute must if you are in Vegas or even close by. A+A+A+I drove four cars- two Ferraris and two Lombarginis. Ferrari 458 is very best car I have ever driven!!! Exotic Racing rocks!!!
1	the negative reviews are deserved. the only thing Amazing about this place are the cars and that you can sit in them and take nice pictures, thats it !!the experience is garbage.  the way it is advertised you feel like you will be allowed to drive the car as if it were stolen, absolutely not the case.you will be better off renting a corvette from hertz for 250.00 for the entire day this way you can really drive and no one is stopping you.i believe the joy of driving these cars is getting to shift at the redline, i hit 8k rpm on the 458 italia and the driving instructor flipped out on me, the 2nd time i was about to do it again, and he leaned over and up-shifted the gear because he saw me doing it again.... they never let you go above 5k rpm , this schmuck said " you get plenty of power at 5k rpm, going higher isnt necessary " i have a 2011 m3 with a DCT transmission so i know how to drive the damn thing... i get more pleasure driving my car the way i want than i did with this jerk upshifting and grabbing the steering wheel.the only reason i didnt mind having an instructor in the car is if im going fast for him to warn me to slow down into a turn, this guy is just yapping away the entire 5 laps.i was there to enjoy the car, its not like im getting timed, the instructor ruined my experience. i should have taken the nissan gtr for $200.00 first to see what its all about..my cousin was with me and drove the F430 and said his instructor was grabbing his wheel as well..when they asked me after it was over if i liked it, to be courteous i said i did but i would never do this again..the straight away is VERY short, in the 458 italia i was only able to hit 120mph before i had to slow down for a turn, i have gone faster on the Long island expressway ..i loved their selection of cars and if i would have enjoyed the experience i would have driven more cars but after i saw the way this instructor was, i realized there is no point, either way you will not truly enjoy the drive..( ps DO not get the 80.00 video, as another reviewer here said it doesnt show the outside of the car or how fast you hit )ultimately if you are going with friends as i did, rather than spend 800.00 for 20 minutes , get 2 more friends and spend 1500 and rent it for an entire day, you can each get a few hours without an instructor driving you crazy )
4	The standard 5 laps just isn't enough... I must admit that at first, I was pretty intimidated by the fact that I would be driving a car on a raceway without any prior knowledge.  However, they actually didn't let us run loose on the course.  First off, thank goodness for the signs.  Yet, I still got lost driving around in the Las Vegas Speedway area.  I'm also glad that they had sent me some instructions/directions in my confirmation email, though.The check-in was pretty efficient and in a short time, I was shuttled into another room for a briefing--they outlined the course, the significance of the different pylons/cones, accelerating, turning, and the passing/entry/exit procedures.  Afterwards, we were taken into the area where we actually went and drove out on the track in a Porsche Cayenne.  Those two laps were actually the scariest part of the experience, in my opinion.  The driver was pretty experienced, but I was a bit nervous going around the different turns and all.When we finished with that, we made our way into the area where we checked in and got our hair nets and helmets and met our instructors.  My guy was pretty attentive and even snapped a few personal pics for me.  He told me how to work the car, made sure I was situated and comfortable enough with the wheel and shifting, and then we were off.  He actually had to tell me to accelerate quite a few times, since my nervousness was pretty apparent.  He took the wheeI a couple of times, but only when I had to move to the side to let someone pass.  I even passed a few people, so it was a well-rounded experience, and I must say that I enjoyed myself the first time around.  There was also a pro driver on hand to take us around for laps in a different Porsche, too.  Even though it looked like fun and by judging from the passenger expressions, even terrifying, I just wanted to drive my own car.  They had a wide variety of cars available, and one of the guys mentioned that they would possibly have a McLaren available in about 6 months or so.  To be honest, the briefing seemed like the longest part of the experience.  Everything after was pretty quick.  Luckily, I didn't need to be transported anywhere  else, since I drove there, and didn't need to look into a limo or shuttle service.  I also wasn't hungry, so I didn't take advantage of the vending area/food truck.  I definitely didn't take pics or get a video, since I'm pretty sure that I'll be coming back again.  I'm also glad that the staff was on hand to make my experience an enjoyable one, since I was pretty lost when I got there.I think that they created a monster and I can't wait to return and try out a different car, now that I know what to expect.  All in all, not bad for an amateur.
2	Sounded like a great idea as a group outing, but BEWARE... they were not flexible or considerate at all.   I'm surrounded by a dozen or more fantastic cars, but they had created their list in advance and put us in whatever car they listed our name by.   This sucks because the car I was given is the same car I already have at home!!!    I asked if I could drive ANYTHING different and was rudely told it was not possible!  They wouldn't even let me find someone willing to swap.    Everyone in our group was flexible, and open to options, I would have expected at least the same from these guys.
4	Tried this place out a few weeks ago.  Other than the 8:30 start time Saturday morning, I had a great time out there.  From reading some of the reviews of people who have had bad things to say about this place, here are some of the points I will make in defense of this establishment to refute some of the complaints:Complaint 1: They don't really let you drive the car to the max.  Response: I didn't really think this was the case myself.  The instructor who rode along with me really wanted me to have a good time and didn't really "hold me back" from pushing the car hard.  For those who think they are an expert in driving a Ferrari, if you WERE an expert in driving Ferraris, you wouldn't have to come here because you'd either have one, or already be a race car driver.Complaint 2: The instructors get too involved and grab the wheel too much.  Response: Again, this didn't happen to me at all.  But furthermore, these cars cost a lot and people can get hurt doing this.  Duh...some limits are to be expected.  This still is America.  Land of the free and home of the litigious.  If you really thought that they'd just let you go hog wild in a $200,000 car without someone in there with you, I've got some great swampland to show you in Florida.Complaint 3: It is a rip off.  Response: Until there is another place in Vegas that will provide the same cars, level of 1 on 1 service, and a secure closed road course, it is hard to call this place a rip off.  A Monopoly perhaps, but not really a rip off.  After all, no one needs to drive these cars at 110MPH.  The place wouldn't have been so packed if it was truly  a rip off.  Everyone in my group seemed to have a great time.  The only thing I regret they didn't tell us more aggressively is that 5 additional laps would have only been $50 more dollars.  I didn't realize this until after I had driven my 5 laps.  $249 for 5 or $299 for 10.  You do the math.
5	First off I want to say if you're on the fence about this place...DON'T BE!  First initial thought is wow the prices are expensive.  First initial thought when your day is done is HOLY Sh!t.  The whole experience was a blast.  I definitely recommend buying the on board camera package.  The track was not easy by any means but not difficult either.  It's a perfect track for what you're there for....to see how good of a driver you are but more importantly to see what the car can do.  The staff was professional and very organized.  The instructor did not hold me back at all.  He simply said you know you can Floor It right...this was on the first lap LOL...I responded immediately!  My only mistake was that I only picked the 5 lap package....huge mistake.  I'm going to select the multi car package for when I return next year.  I would recommend you do a "Ride Along" before you rip it up on the track.  It helps to know how hard you can actually push the car.  Now if they had a ride along with the car you pick before you go on the track with the camera running on both runs and a painted racing line it would have been a perfect experience...I can't wait to go back to Exotic Racing.  Thank you to Audrey and Danny for a great time.
5	Awesome time!
5	Ferrari 430 Scuderia was amazing! I had a wonderful time with Exotics Racing. I only did 5 laps but wished I signed up for more.  Of course it is expensive, your doing laps in exotic cars! Trust me, it's well worth the price. I can't wait to do it again.
5	Did a corporate group event here a few months ago and these guys are professionals.  Tough to do something fun for 25 Type-A people but this was a crowd-pleaser.  The cars are sick and the price is high but definitely a unique experience.  Also worth noting (because it happens so rarely these days) that Jim Switzer, the head of business development, is a class-act and went out of his way to make things right with our company when there was a contract/pricing issue.
5	This company is one class act!  We had an amazing time, it was a true heart-pounding experience for me!  I have not seen my video of the drive yet, I am pretty sure I have the deer in the head-lights look!  The cars are amazing!  They have Audi's, Lambroghani's, you name it.  This is truley something that everyone should try once in their lives.  I have now been able to mark this off on my bucket list.  My instructor Mark was great, he only needed to grab the wheel once, but I really appreciated it.  More women need to go out and do this you would be amazed on empowered you feel after going through the course.  The experience is not cheap but it is well worth everything that you pay for.  I mean were else are you going to be able to get behind the whell of a Lambroghani and push it to the max, without getting a ticket.
5	I am a Vegas local and I have recommended exotics to people since they first opened. A lot of peoples reviews on here let you know how much fun it is for them. I want to give them props in the fact that the instructors actually teach you how to drive correctly and which habits you need to be careful about and what habits you should practice. The owner is an extremely great guy and I probably had the best instructor ever which is Paul hurst. if your thinking about doing this just do it. If your a chic that wants to get something special for your man get this for him and I promise he'll never cheat on you again. If your an employer who wants to do something great for your workers, get them a couple laps and I guarantee that if you get busted for tax evasion they will not testify against you.
5	I purchased this as a birthday gift for my husband, and he LOVED it.  I wasn't the driver, but my husband had a great experience, and as the paying customer, I had a great experience with them as well (great customer service!).  I just wanted to share some more info about the company and what to except.First of all, their location is far away from the strip (about 20 min drive).  They have a deal with a local car company, but I found it to be significantly cheaper to just rent a car (as we were from out of town.)  They also have their own track now (as of 2/3), and won't be using the Las Vegas Speedway anymore (the new track is in the same vicinity).  The instructor I spoke to said that was a good thing, as their new track is dedicated use for them, and is longer and faster.One thing I found pretty interesting in chatting with people, is that the current (Vegas Speedway) course max speed was about 120 mph. So, yes, you will NOT be going the max speed of the car.  The new course max speed is around 160 mph.  But don't worry - that's plenty fast regardless.  My husband has a little racing experience, and he was able to reach 120 mph, and said that was plenty fast.  They set you up for the best driving experience by telling you how to drive the course during your discovery laps, and they put out cones on the side of the track to remind you when to start braking, etc.  Plus, your instructor will give you instructions to get the best driving experience.You are out there with other cars, but the instructors are pretty good about letting people pass, and keeping the flow going.  The job of the instructor is to give you the best and safest driving experience possible.  The side mirrors are setup for the instructors view (not yours) and they will keep an eye on the cars around you, and tell you when to pass someone and when to allow someone to pass.  Your job as a driver is to just focus on the driving!They have an impressive fleet of cars, and anyone (non-drivers included) is welcome to wander around and check out the cars.  Everyone and everything is very approachable, and happy to answer questions and let you take pictures.There were a TON of people signed up for the same session as my husband (like 30+), but it moved surprisingly quickly.  We were done in about 2 hours, and that included 7 laps, lots of pictures, plus all the training and downtime waiting.The ride-along with the professional driver looked INSANE.  OMG, that driver clearly knew what he was doing, and was clearly driving the car to the max to give the passenger the biggest thrills possible.  It was scary just watching!Bottom line - this is a great company and they have set up a system that allows the best and safest driving experience in supercars.  Highly recommended, and it's definitely a very unique experience that was fun even though I didn't get to drive.  It was worth the money, but definitely won't be a frequent splurge!  I think we will do it again though in a few years when some new supercars come out.
5	I've always had a thing for fast cars.  Maybe it's because I come from a long line of moonshiners from Wilkes County, NC - birthplace of NASCAR.  Or maybe I just have a penchant for adrenaline.  Whatever the reason, my dream job has always been to 1) work for Top Gear (the British version) or 2) be the car commercial driver who goes spinning across the desert and the fine print on the screen says, 'Professional driver on closed course.  Do not attempt'.  But - until I am able to quit my day job, this was the best way I could find to fulfill my petrol-head aspirations.  I drove the Audi R8 and the Ferrari F430 F1.  I was going to drive the Audi and a Lamborghini, but they advised me if I wanted to have two different experiences to choose the rear-wheel drive Ferrari since the Lamborghini would be a similar experience to the Audi (my dream car).  The staff were amazing.  Even though it's more of a male-oriented activity, they made me feel completely comfortable.  It's not cheap, but definitely worth it if you want the experience of driving these cars and doing it where you can actually drive them to their potential (without the risk of being thrown in jail for speeding and reckless endangerment).
5	This is absolutely the most fun you can ever have with your clothes on! Actually, this was more fun than some of those unclothed times.I was lucky enough to be able to have a good time in 3 very different cars.I started out in some good old American iron. A Corvette Grand Sport for 5 laps. The Corvette surprised me on how fast it was and how well it gripped the track. What a great choice to start my day and learn the track.Next was the Audi R8 for another 5 laps. Talk about a day and night difference. The 'Vette was a raw and brutal beast. The Audi was graceful dance partner. It didn't feel as quick on the straights but, on those turns, it glided. Just point and go.Next was the car I drooled over for decades. A Porsche 911. This wasn't just any 911. It was the mighty Porsche 997 Turbo S. Think of twice the power of the Corvette with even more finesse than the Audi. By the time I got to this car, I was  familiar with the track and was getting comfortable at speed. I had booked 5 laps but when I got to the track and they saw I was a local, they offered up an additional lap for free in any of my 3 cars. (Can we say Porsche?) 6 laps around the track, driving perfection. WOW!I really, really need this car. Are you listening honey?The 3 instructors that came with me were incredible. They worked hard to point out the best lines and egg you on to go faster and turn smoother. I don't think I could have had as much fun without them riding shotgun.After my session the manager came up to me and said there was a problem. It seemed that when I was driving the Audi, I only got 4 laps instead of 5. He apologized profusely and said I could either go back out in the Audi for 3 more laps or go on the 2 lap Corvette drifting ride-along. I was truly impressed.I chose the ride-along and haven't regretted it for a moment. May I recommend that, no matter what you have to do, go for the ride-along after you drive whatever it is you're going to drive. It was THAT good.It just might be more fun you'll ever have........even with your clothes off.
4	Our entire experience was truly amazing.  The entire event was well organized, and the instruction was kept brief with only the need to know information to get you out on the track as quickly as possible.  When we were looking into doing this, originally we were only going to book 5 laps.  After reading some reviews, we decided to go with 10, and that was the right call!  For those first 5 laps you're adjusting to the car and the track, and while the instructor is extremely encouraging and helpful with telling you when to gas, break and shift- having another 5 laps to perfect your lines really does make a difference.  Probably would have done more laps looking back at it now!  If you have any issues with your experience, make sure to voice it as soon as possible.  We did, and I can say that it was resolved quickly and to our complete satisfaction.  We will for sure book again on our next trip to Vegas- there's still a lot of cars to try!
5	Booked online on the clear easy to navigate (& hard to take your eyes off) website.  You'll sit through a briefing, a quick racing instruction class and then your off to take a driven tour of the track in a Cayenne that gets you ready to tear it up in the exotic of your choice.  The staff is amazing here! My race instructor Mark was great! Really helped me push the car waaaayyy past what I thought it could do to the car's edge.  The Ferrari F430 was a DREAM to drive!  The power, balance and handling are all tuned in like a fine Italian car should be.  My wife decided to take a ride along in the Corvette Z06 and she can't stop smiling about it! Overall, this is THE place to experience your exotic car dream. We'll be back!!
5	I was priveleged to have my friend surprise me with this over the weekend. I got to drive the GT-R and the 430. Where else are normal folks like me going to get to drive an exotic and which one of my friends are going to buy a GT-R? It was a great experience and I would do it again right now.5 laps is not enough. It will take you 5 laps to learn the track and another 3 to learn your vehicle. Do yourself a favor and do 10 laps per vehicle. You won't regret it.The instructors are great and they will help you push the car, but keep in mind that safety is paramount so you will not be maxing out the brakes and you will not be down shifting as hard as the vehicle can handle, but it's still fast and you will experience some understeer and a little oversteer (until the traction control kicks in).
5	My wife and I visited Exotics Racing on Tuesday, April 10th, 2012.  My wife rode with Rudy in the Z06 and hasn't stopped talking about it!!  Rudy was awesome and literally drives the tires off of that Vette!  I drove the Porche 997 Turbo S, Lamborghini Superleggera and the Ferrari 458 Italia.  All I can say is WOW!  What a once in a lifetime experience.  The facilities are comfortable, cars are all in perfect shape, the track is perfect and the staff are all extremely friendly, knowledgeable and professional.  If you are in or near Las Vegas, do not hesitate to visit Exotics Racing!Dr. Jan & Mary Rella, Toms River NJ
4	Had an issue while trying to cancel my reservation, but Jim S. went out of his way to call me and correct the problem. Will definitely do this on my next trip to Vegas.Thanks again for being so helpful.
5	From start to finish best experience of my life. Started the experience with an amazing pit lane host Emily Johnson. We were celibrating my dads 50th birthday and she was nice enough to give us some of her personal track experience to help subdue some of our nerves. She was very knowledgable and was willing to go the extra mile to ensure our race experience was amazing. Race instructors are top notch crazy professional wild men. Jeff in particular helped me live my dream to drive a lamborgini aventador 130mph. Thank you to all the exotic racing team for the amazing experience.
5	This is an absolute must do in Vegas. Worth every penny. The instructors are friendly knowledgeable and let you run the cars hard. You get instructions and a "walk-through" in a Porsche Cayenne by the instructors.  Then you get to tear it up in the car of your dreams for as many laps as you can afford. The ride-along in the corvette is also sweet as Rudy drifts through corners at 100mph +  The track is perfect for these supercars. Each car is in excellent shape.  The McLaren is ridiculously fast and definately a must for any car enthusiast.
5	Absolutely a world class experience. The instructors are great and they encourage you to drive to your skill level. You never feel like you are hung out to dry or that they are holding you back! I was amazed that you are able to and encouraged to drive the cars as hard as you can.I booked online about a week in advance for a Ferrari 458 Italia and then added a second car while there at a discount, a Porsche 991 Carrera S.Before leaving JFK airport, I was able to convince my three friends to also sign up and they were calling Exotics Racing to reserve cars and two of them booked the McLaren MP4-12C and one the Lamborghini LP570-4 Superleggera.In my opinion, this is the best thing you can spend your money on in Las Vegas! I will be back to do this again in the future! Definitely make sure you pay to get the video! Here is my run in the Ferrari! http://tinyurl.com/czlbwk4Definitely take advantage of their relationship with Presidential Limo service. We were able to save quite a bit going to and from the Bellagio on the strip.
5	My wife and I went to Las Vegas for a long weekend trip.  We gambled, we saw some shows, and ate great food.  The thing we enjoyed the most was our time at Exotics Racing.  We each took 7 laps in the Ferrari F430.  As others have indicated, the instructors help you go fast. At one point, when being told to accelerate, my instructor told me "all the way to the floor"!  How cool is that?  We will definitely be going back our next time in Vegas!!
5	I surprised my boyfriend with this for his 30th birthday. He absolutely loved it!!! This is a man's dream. Its a bit pricey,  but worth every penny!!!
5	AWESOME!I treated my Dad to this experience for Father's Day and needless to say, it was very memorable! He raved that it was the best Father's Day gift ever :) That's a pretty high remark from a man like my Dad.Exotics Racing was very accomodating from start to finish. I booked this experience day of (I know, bad daughter) but they had no problem accommodating my 11:15am telephone call for a 2:00pm booking session.We arrived at their facility a little early to get checked in and browse through their fleet. I am a huge fan of exotic cars and their fleet is top notch. Some of my favorites were the Mercedes Gullwing and the Audi R8.My Dad and I selected Lamborghini Gallardos as our weapons of choice :)Prior to hitting the track all drivers are brought in to their Briefing Room, where you are briefly lectured by some of their instructors on the history of the company and the track itself. It was very informative and not too long. As you can imagine, people were eager to get out there and drive.We were taken on a courtesy lap around the track in a Porsche Cayenne so that you can get a "lay of the land" so to speak and familiarize yourself with the track. After that we were fitted for helmets (which my Dad ended up not having to wear because he was too tall once actually seated in the Lambo lol).The trainers who ride with you are top notch and I would definitely recommend spending the extra $70 for a dvd/media disc of your experience. You also receive a certificate of completion that lists which vehicles you drove. It's cheesy but cute.Racing exotics is a pricey experience, but as others have commented here on review, definitely worth every penny with a company like this.
5	i'm now 60 years old an have decided that there are a few things that I want to do while still "young" This was at the top of my list. Driving a Ferrari at over 120 mph down the straight, then slamming into the corner was beyond my wildest dreams. Happy Fathers Day too me, hell YES!! Thanks to Exotic Racing, this is my first stop whenever I'm in Vegas! Harvey  -Orange County California
4	This company actually took the time to call me after seeing my review and to apologize for what I perceived as a negative experience, and to offer solutions, which to me is huge.  They're even looking into making their website less confusing, which was the cause of the problem in the first place.Currently, if you click on "gift certificate" and choose an experience, it still allows you to schedule a "time" for this experience even though you've chosen a gift certificate; which I did, because I know when we'll be in Vegas, and I didn't want them to run out of appointments the weekend we're there.  However, scheduling a time in their system makes it no longer look to them like a "gift certificate" to them persay, and makes it look more like an appointment, so currently they have nothing to safeguard against accidentally sending a "reminder" email to the driver that ruins your gift if it was intended as a surprise (which mine was).  They currently have fields asking for both your information, and the drivers information, and I filled both out, assuming since I clicked on "Gift Certificate" that they knew this was a gift, and wouldn't send an email ahead of time to the recipient and would probably be using his email to get a rating of the experience after the fact.  I was wrong, and my surprise was ruined when he received an email reminding him of his surprise birthday gift. When I spoke with the company over the phone, I was told they suggested that their website developer add a disclaimor letting you know the driver's information will be used to send them a reminder email.  This way you have a heads up that if your gift certificate is a surprise, you shouldn't put the driver's email there.I hope they make this change, because I've purchased gift certificates on other sites that have a little *warning under the "email" field that warns you not to fill it in if the gift is a surprise, and it's a simple fix that can save a lot of headache!Kudos to them to reaching out to me to apologize and make it "right."  We're looking forward to the experience!
5	Got my son to smile and even say WOW! NICE! He was in awe of his drifting experience in the ZO6 for his 21st bday. He could not stop talking about how awesome his ride along was. For that I am eternally grateful. (He tends not to express his feelings)Would have liked for the experience to be more than two laps, as other drivers on the track may have hindered an all out insane experience...but in the end I am very happy.
5	Felt like I was a F'n kid again...PERMAGRIN after the race!!From the nice and friendly staff during the race brief, to my coach Robert not just giving me guidance but boosting my confidence to push the car as hard as I could, I must say I am thoroughly impressed at this place.I drove the 911 Turbo S, and the 911 Turbo has been my dream car since as long as I can remember. I cannot say how exhilarating those 7 laps were in words for me, but I will do this again at some point in the future! Well worth the cost of admission considering I don't have to buy a $150k car, worry about replacing tires/brakes/fuel and the labor associated with maintaining a track car. This was my first time on a proper road track behind the wheel, and I believe it may have been that spark for me to get into doing some track events in my own car as well.
5	AMAZING EXPERIENCE!!! I took my husband to race a Lamborghini Gallardo for a Fathers's Day Gift and he was so excited to go being a big racing fan himself. Not only were are expectations blown away with the experience but the staff and teachers where so knowledgeable and friendly. All in all I would recommend this to anyone looking for something new and exciting to do. Even if you have no interest in racing and never though about doing this kind of thing I guarantee you will enjoy this.
5	My father and I got to try the drifting ride-along package- SO FUN! We decided to ride this time, as while it is super fun to drive these beautiful exotics, we knew we'd get a special and unique treat with a professional behind the wheel. Our driver, Rudy, instilled confidence yet ensured our ride was wild from the first 5 seconds! I would highly recommend trying out Exotics Racing to anyone that likes adrenaline rushes. The price is a bit high, but worth it in my opinion.
5	This experience is awesome, second to none, and nobody can beat it.  Specifics follow, but first I want to dissuade those who might listen to the negative reviews.  They DO LET YOU GO FAST, as fast as you are safely able to drive.  If you go there, and they slow you down, that means you aren't safe to drive as fast as you would like.  They still let you go around the track fast, but not superfast.  If you doubt that there is a difference in speed according to ability, all you have to do is watch Rudy take the Vette out, doing 10-20 mph faster than anyone else, and you will realize that your abilities don't match his.  So it stands to reason that you probably aren't the fastest customer either.  So if the instructor holds you back a bit from the very fastest corners, ask yourself, did you turn in early?  Did you go wide on the exit?  Did you hit the apex nice and tight?  If you do you will know, if you Now for the positives.  First, my instructor, Paul.  He made me a much faster driver lap by lap, and I was hitting speeds 10-12 mph faster in the tight corners by following his advice.  He frequently said "Full throttle!" and "Hammer down" on laps 2-7 (I got a free lap and an extra lap) in the Porsche 997.  I drove three cars, and I feel that the Porsche was the most balanced, able to get me around the track the fastest, and beat both the McLaren and the Aventador.  Actually I passed both of those cars, and two Ferarris during my 7 laps.  Wanna go this fast?  Pay attention in class, and get Paul.  If you've never driven on a track before, you should drive at least 10 laps with him.  He will make you a much better driver!The facility is first rate, everyone is professional and courteous, and it was A+ from beginning to end.  You will not be disappointed.  It's not cheap, but it's the best price there is for this quality of experience!
4	We came here for my friend's bachelors' party. We were literally like kids in a candy store. One the sport cars started rolling in one by one I can't help to be giddy. And yes, I get to drive one!I drove a Lamborghini Gallardo. It a good car; stops well, acellerates good, and points were you want to go. Pedal to the metal and shifitng hard; the Gallardo's V10 sings harmoniously. Music to my ears! It is plenty fast for a small'ish road course. Included in my experience is a free lap on a Porsche Cayenne to check out the course. Man, I didn't realize those suv's corner better than most cars! My driving instructor is very technical. He suggests the best lines, breaking points, and accelerations points possible. However, I see that this could be a problem for an apprehensive driver.Alas, Exotics Racing is an awesome way to spend time with friends in Las Vegas. If me and my buddies came back to Vegas, we will definitely be here.
5	Friends ask: What's your favorite car?I say: Hands down, super cars!  Who doesn't drool for the exotics?!Friends go on to tell me that there's a track in which you can drive them as fast as you want, yadda yadda. Me: No Brainer! Of course I want in!! If you can't be behind the wheel for whatever reason, hey, you can be a back-seat driver! As I was waiting for my turn I saw a few people riding as a passenger alongside a real race car driver.  I felt their excitement just by looking at their expressions as they got out of the car. They sure got the ride of a lifetime! Most of the employees here are a friendly bunch. They know what they are doing and seem to enjoy their jobs. The owner was on duty that day and noticed we were waiting for quite a while, so they offered my friend a free upgrade and tried to move things along as fast as possible. He paid for the regular Ferrari and got to drive the scuderia instead. I notice that they keep adding more and more cars to their garage! How I wished they had a McLaren when I was there!Okay, okay. I'll leave you all with a cheesy picture. Here's a photo of me in a ridiculous helmet but in a white lambo: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/fOh0yRN8xOoiC0KebvSJ2Q?select=rmg_5rcf-rV8lFALWeRt0Q#rmg_5rcf-rV8lFALWeRt0QPriceless, eh?
5	This was an exceptional experience in every conceivable way.  Booking the reservation online was easy and straight forward.  They had plenty of times available and I got all the cars I wanted.  I guess it helps they have multiple of several types of cars.  I booked my shuttle service and even the Presidential Limo was easy to schedule and with constant emails to make sure I was ready for the event.  Upon getting to the location, everything was very professional and yet felt like a giant playground for adults.  The staff was extremely helpful and courteous.  You could tell they loved their jobs and wanted to make you have the best possible experience.  The driving instructors were great as well.  They tailored their teaching to your abilities and very knowledgable.  They wanted you to push the car to the limits.  The course is very nice, albeit a little short, in my opinion.  It has a difficult double apex, chicane, hairpin, and a respectable straightaway; my definition of all the criteria to experience a proper road course.  After I was done, I filled out a survey (which I gave great scores), I got a personalized email in response to one of the comments I had posted within 24 hours.  Once again, you can tell they care about people receiving the best possible experience.  I will definitely be back next time I am even near Vegas.  Kudos to Exotics Racing for a superb product/service!
4	For a price, you get to experience driving a car you would never be able to get your hands on. Porsche, Audi, Ferrari, and Aston Martin, just to name a few. Although the name is "Exotics Racing", you barely get to race at all. It is more instructive than anything. The instructor that rides with you tells you when to brake, shift, and gas it. The track has one long straight-away that you get to open it up on. If you are looking to go out and beat on a 100k+ automobile, it's not gonna happen.A few things to definitely take advantage of are the dash camera upgrade ($80) and for $100 you can do two laps with a professional drifter that makes it look so easy in the Corvette he slides around the track.
5	Driving an exotic car around a race track was on my bucket list.  I planned a four day trip around Vegas, this being the main reason for going.  Wow...just wow.  Where to begin?I signed up for the Lambo LP700 Aventador.  $500 for 5 laps.  When I got there, they told me I could do another car for $50 off.  I was always curious about the Nissan GTR, since all car magazines seem to rave about it.  I signed up for the GTR black edition for $200 (originally $250) for 5 laps.  Things can get pricey here real quick!  I started off anticipating only spending $500 for the aventador.  Than I added the GTR ($200), the $80 video package for all cars your in that day (front and rear camera footage from inside the car), and lastly, the $99 ride along with a professional driver/drifter for 2 "Hot Laps"  around the track in 2012 Corvette Z06.Before driving, you must attend a 30 minute presentation to discuss how to drive best when attacking a race course.  The course mainly revolves around familiarizing you with the course and how to take turns optimally.  After class, you head out to do a lap in an SUV, driven by an instructor, in order to familiarize yourself with the track.After all that's out of the way, it's go time!I drove the Nissan GTR first.  My instructor was Joe.  He was awesome.  He basically let me drive the car however I wanted while only giving me suggestions along the way (when to down shift, upshift, position myself for a turn).  He was encouraging me to take turns way faster than I thought I should but the car took it like I never would have believed.  By the third lap, I was pretty familiar with the cars driving mechanics and I was FLYING!  I passed 2 Ferrari 458s, a Ferrari F430, a Mercedes SLS and a Lambo Gallardo in my GTR.  No one ever passed me.  I was screaming in this thing.  When I go back, I am signing up for a lot of laps in the GTR.  The GTR is cheap and EXTREMELY rewarding to drive.Next I drove the Aventador.  The instructor Jason was pleasant, but he intervened MUCH more in my driving experience.  He has his own brake on the passenger side that he used OFTEN to impede my progress into turns.  He also would scold me when I didn't turn into a turn perfectly (it's my first day!  C'mon!).  Overall, the Lambo, while still fun, is not as easy to drive as one might think;  I was probably circling the track a good 7 seconds faster per lap in the GTR.  Also, while fast, the acceleration was not as fast as I thought a 700hp supercar would feel like.  To further put things into perspective, I only passed one car, a Gallardo, while in the Aventador.  My last lap in the Aventador, I was trying to track down a 458 but on the straight away, I couldn't catch him (surprising a 700hp car can't catch a 560hp car on a straight away).  Also, towards the end of my last lap, I had a 458 catch up behind me and he was tailgating me, eager to pass, though, I got off the track before he could since I had finished my last lap and was done.Overall, this is a must experience for any car enthusiast.  This easily ranks as one of the best experiences IN MY WHOLE LIFE, and I've done some amazing things with my life.  My advice: Drive a Ferrari and Lambo if you never have (my dad has an F430 that I've driven before) just to say you've done it.  What it ultimately comes down to is this:  I would rather be seen on the street in a Ferrari/Lambo, but if you're not a professional race car driver, the GTR makes you feel like one and it is so much fun to drive.  Push the GTR to the limits and it will surprise you!  You never feel out of control and will be shocked when you're spinning the wheel into turns effortlessly while approaching triple digit speeds and hearing the tires squealing while still feeling absolutely confident in the cars abilities.  The GTR is also the second cheapest car there is (Porsche Cayman S is the cheapest).  You could get at least 10 laps in the GTR for the price of the Aventador.  Ferraris and Lambos be damned!  Next time I go, I'm signing up for A LOTof laps in the GTR!
5	All I have to say is WOW!!!!! I have been a Ferrari fanatic ever since can remember and to give me a chance to whip one around a race track? I'm all in. I have drivin exotic cars before but never on a track so when i found out about this place it was a no brainer. I arrived about 2 hrs early lol one to check out the track two to look at the cars three watch the first race. Upon entering the facility The staff was friendly and helpful told me how the experience was going to go and what to expect. The class was very informative if you have never raced a car before the instructor gave detailed instructions on how to get the best experience out of your car (i totally got the full experience out of my Ferrari 135mph in the straight away) After that we did two laps in an SUV with an instructor to see the track and tell us how to corner When to accelerate etc. After returning you get a helmet and to your car you go. Recommendations......Do more then 5 laps because once your comfortable with the track and your car the race is over. I recommend 10+ laps if your pocket can handle it.I will be going back for sure. We need something like this on the East Coast.
4	Just the mere fact you can go to a place and take pictures with all these exotics deserves 5 stars.  The fact you can drive them for the right price deserves 6 stars!  Unfortunately, I ended up giving it 4 stars because of my experience with my instructor.   After watching my friends' videos and hearing the way their instructors talked to them during the laps, I really wish I had gotten someone else.I wasn't driving recklessy or even slow for that matter, but he keep insisiting for me to ignore the braking cones we were taught during the class.  I was somehwat confused, for I wanted to follow the class.  First, I don't drive 550 HP Lambo everyday.  I needed time to first acclamate myself with the car.  Second, If the class said brake at the double cone, I will brake at the double cone.  I'm not an idiot who is going to late brake when I see the wall coming up to my face.  Again, I do not drive an exotic beast.  Give me a break!  The last thing I wanted to do is lose control at the Apex and spin out and God knows what follows!It really ruined my experience because I felt I was criticized for trhying to go as fast as I can following the correct lines and breaking/turning/and exit cones.  Seriously, you want a guy who has never driven a car over 300 HP to late break and toss a Lambo into the corner like it was a piece of paper?  I actually drove the course well, and I feel I was going at a really comfortable fast pace for my skill level.  Not all of us out there are doing time attacks in Gran Turismo!Overall though, it was a memorable trip for me and my friends.  Had lots of fun, and would do it again in a heartbeat.  I do remember his name and face, so I will avoid him at all cost.
5	To those of you who are on the fence as I was - sign up!  Read some car reviews/ watch some youtube videos of the car you want to drive, study a map of the track if you have to, it will all get you pumped up for the experience!To those of you who want to understand what the "experience" is when guys talk about exotic cars, this is for you:I had called Exotics Racing to decide whether I want to drive the Ferrari F430 (299$/5 laps on their 1.4mi, 11 turn track) or the 430 Scuderia (349$/5 laps).  Based on the friendly conversation with the person on the phone (Carl) I decided to choose the Scuderia, the track-prepped version of the "vanilla" F430 (lighter, faster, confidence inspiring).  I opted to take the shuttle from Bloomingdale's that was 20$ each way, and upon stepping out of the stretch limo, I was greeted by the heat of the pavement, screeching tires in the background, and throaty, high revving motors flying by.  As I walk in, I was greeted by the ER staff and waited half a minute to sign in.  Because I was late signing in, I ended up getting a private briefing of what to expect, and etiquette on the track.  The staff lined me up to step into a Porsche Cayenne where the driver took us around the track explaining the braking, turning, apex, and exit as well as how to improve on your lap times.  This briefing is usually performed in the class room and lasts 15-30 minutes.After that, they will let you know when your choice of car is available.  While you wait, you can grab a head sock and helmet off of the shelf in anticipation for your big performance.  While you sit on the bleachers indoors, you can see off to your left the 99$ Corvette package where their in-house drivers take a passenger out for a lap at near-race pace.  They take off out from underneath the tents and immediately jump into a power slide/drift where spectators may take videos and/or action pictures.  This is where the tires are screeching every few minutes.When it's your turn, you are greeted by your instructor and he will explain to you the ins and outs of your car.  Stepping into one of these cars is unlike stepping into your Toyota Camry.  You're sitting lower, the seats nearly cradle you like a glove, you feel the angles and grips around the steering wheel in-front of the paddle shifters, the push-start engine roaring to life causing an instant injection of adrenaline, and finally hearing the voice of your instructor to pull out of the tent, bringing you back to reality.Mark, my instructor, was very friendly and helpful.  I can tell he wanted me to improve on my lap times as he did not hesitate to nudge on the steering wheel to get me closer to the apexes on my first few laps.  Sometimes you forget he is reminding you when to lift off of the brake, turn, modulate the throttle, hit the apex, and accelerate because the sound coming from the Ferrari hypnotizes you and you get lost in a trance - sort of like yelling along in a Linkin Park concert.  Once I gained the trust of my instructor, I proceeded to push the car harder with each lap: memorizing which way my body gets tossed, heart pumping just as fast but hidden behind my concentration with each progressing turn, the car now being an extension of the body.  Just as I was getting comfortable for the final 2 laps, the experience ends, and I pull back into the tents.I got a certificate and my paid DVD with an .avi file to remember my personal experience, and what I found out just before I left is that I would get a free lap if I return (which I will!).  As for the shuttle, DO reserve a spot with Presidential Limosine, no matter what the guy on the phone of PL says, or make sure ER takes care of it.  Your name will be put on a roster and the limo will leave if they do not know to pick you up.I will update the review when I've driven more cars, but the 430 Scud is fantastic - light steering, car feels planted to the ground, and the sound, oh the sound of the engine right behind your ears is a beauty.
5	A friend suggested this, and I'm a car nerd, but hadn't done track time - said friend owns actual supercars - so I was intimidated thinking this would be something less well run and more pressure to know what to do already.They are all very friendly and make you feel good about whatever skill level you are at, and they have instruction, a ride along, and at least some of the cars (all?) have a driver instructor brake on the right side so the instructor can intervene if things get really out of control.Not everyone goes fast, but everyone has a good time.Except this dude in an orange shirt screaming that he was going to call the cops because he wanted to drive cars - but they were booked and the only thing he had booked was a ride-a-long (that's fun too).That in itself was entertaining.I can't wait to go back - much less nervous the next go around and I already know the track - will have more confidence.
5	I went to this place on September 16, 2012 with my dad and brother in law.  My dad had surprised my brother in law and I with a combo car package.  Upon arriving you can tell that its a place with really fast and really nice exotic cars!  I really liked that they essentually took you through a 3 step process beginning with a class of what to expect from them and how to drive the cars to get the most out of the experience, then a ride along through the track so you can see what they told you about in the class and finally driving the car(s) you chose.  All there cars are panel stick shifting but if you don't know how to drive stick, like myself, or don't want to messing with shifting, then they have the ability to push a button and turn the car into an automatic!  The instructor that you drive with is very supportive and assist you in maximizing your driving experience. Overall, all the staff are friendly, knowledgeable and made every effort possible to ensure that you had a great experience. My brother in law and I chose to drive the Porsche Cayman and upgraded to drive the Lamborgini Gallardo as well. My dad drove the Porshe Carrera.  If I get the chance, when I come back to Vegas, I would definately come back to this place to drive with them again!!
4	I got 25 laps in a Nissan GT-R, which was about $1,020 after tips and transportation. I skipped the video package. Your friends don't really want to watch it, and you probably won't either. You might watch it 2 or 3 times, so work out the per-view cost on that.The Bad:Logistics:I had to wait quite a while (more than 40 minutes) because the car I was supposed to drive didn't have gas, and the gas truck was also empty. Because it took so long to gas up the car, I had to do all 25 of my laps in one shot, with a small breather to cool the radiator. It would have been much nicer to have a break at lap 12 to review with the instructor, cool down, etc. As it was, the whole experience was a (fun) blur. Logistics on the race track should be covered on company time, not customer time.Tip income:The transport driver and your instructor both need tips. Not sure why they can't just pay these people a living wage with the premium price of this package. There's an argument to be made that tips ensure good service, but it was unexpected.Mixed:Driver control:The instructor keeps very good control on the car. This means that you aren't going to kill yourself or hurt the car, but I think it hurts the learning experience because the instructor is constantly making brake inputs and fully or partially cutting your throttle. It does invite you to push the car much harder than you would if you didn't have the instructor, which is the point of renting the car.The Good:It is really fun. There's some stress involved, as you are driving quite fast, so it's not ear-to-ear grins time either. But it is safe and you can experience the electric tingly feeling of commanding 500+ HP, the tires squealing, and the feeling of being at the edge of control. Push hard, and you, like me, will be passing the super cars instead of being passed.The track looks easy or too short on the map. It's not. There's enough challenge for 99% of drivers. The hills and somewhat blind turns take a while to get used to. 5 laps is not really enough.Some people will balk at the price. I did too. But you should consider that you would never drive these cars in this way if you owned them yourself. The tires alone on the race track account for a few hundred of the cost of the experience. Track time is expensive too. And these cars are sold off after 6 months of use, most likely because repairing them becomes uneconomical (track time greatly accelerates wear and voids most warranties).About the car: The Nissan GT-R is quite nice. I don't regret picking this car. It's very fast. The only downside (according to the instructor) is that it's heavier than some of the other cars. That's true, but it doesn't detract from the fun at all, and it makes it easier to get near the limits of the car in the turns. The car is very stable, with a tendency to understeer, so no spins. Keeping pressure on the brake is critical in a turn, as the front tires need extra weight on them to steer optimally. Photographing the event:The allow whoever is with you to go on the tarmac and take video or pictures. Bring a long zoom lens if you have one, as the photography area is fairly far from the track. You may also need to slow the shutter speed if you want to have any sense of speed, since fast shutter speeds freeze the action so well that the cars look like they were standing in the photos.
1	I had a horrible experience when I visited.  I'm writing to help you get a better one.  First of all, I was told that all of their ride-along instructors were professional race car drivers, but there's no way that could have been true for the guy who went with me.  He was way too overweight to be a race car driver.  And this extra weight completely negated the reason for taking the F430 Scuderia.. I would have been better off with the base 430 and a different ride-along instructor.Second of all, the actual experience is nerve-wracking:  While you are driving you have this guy sitting next to you yelling "LEFT LEFT LEFT, BRAKE BRAKE BRAKE, FULL THROTTLE, RIGHT RIGHT RIGHT, FULL THROTTLE, BRAKE!" and all I'm trying to do is avoid other cars and keep the car on the track for the first lap.  It's very difficult to decipher what the guy is saying and integrate that with what you think you should be doing.  It would be a lot better if the guy would just shut up for the first two laps and let you drive the car - no need to try to get the fastest time immediately.  Furthermore the race line should be painted on the track so the instructor doesn't need to keep you on it by yelling at you.  I was so confused by it all that my friends told me afterward that I only got 3 laps.  I honestly hadn't been keeping track because I was too focused on following commands the whole time.  I don't know why I only got 3 laps, maybe the tutor felt I was dangerous (I have no reason to think that - I kept the car under control and avoided other cars well), but he never mentioned anything and certainly didn't say that he was taking me in early.  It's my mistake that I didn't take it up with management at the time, but honestly, I didn't enjoy the experience so much that I wasn't in a hurry to get back in the car with that guy.My advice is that you ask your ride-along 'race car driver' to give you the minimum instructions necessary to have FUN  until you know the track well enough. and COUNT YOUR LAPS!  If you do those things, I think this is a great experience.Also, if you go, be sure to schedule your visit ahead of time.  My friends and I showed up without a reservation and the whole thing ended up taking about 4.5 hours...  obviously most of the that was just sitting around waiting.
5	I had the time of my life at this place. I drove the Porsche 997 and did the ride along in the Z06. My instructor in the Porsche was friendly, well versed in the track and car and really let me have some fun with it. Because we dealt with a little lap traffic, I ended up driving 7 laps instead of 5. They want to make sure you get the best out of the experience and show you the smoothest and fasted way around the track. I was able to push my car more than I thought it was capable of  and had one of the best experiences of my life.The Z06 ride along is about as good as it gets too, with the driver drifting through most of the course. Anybody checking this place out has to at least try a couple laps. This place isn't cheap, but with the great service and thrill of driving exotic cars on a road course it's worth every penny. I also liked how some of the staff seemed just as excited as the customers were to be there. They do make a point of tipping the drivers, which I was ok with, but it did seem a bit much after spending a good chunk of change in the first place. I would LOVE to have a job as an instructor here, especially the guy who drives the Z06. Being able to be around these cars and get paid must be like a dream come true.
5	Fantastic customer service, sweet cars, awesome experience, a MUST for car enthusiasts.I booked this as a surprise birthday gift for my husband six months ago.  I got the five laps for the Lamborghini aventador deal and added video to it.  There was a little "blip", where the day before our appointment, we got a call that there was something wrong with the car we chose, it was going to the dealership and would no longer be available.  I was devastated.  The only reason I booked the package was for that specific car, which my husband drools over.We had already traveled to Vegas and decided to enjoy our day and deal with the "blip" at our appointment time the next day.  We arrived at Exotics Racing and were trying to explain the issue and my disappointment to the girl at the front desk, when Supervisor Eric sutton took over.  He was very patient and accommodating.  He had superb customer service and radiated confidence and care.  He let my husband choose two super cars to make up for not having the one we actually dreamed of.  This pleased my husband.Miraculously, after my husband completed his exploration lap in the Porsche Cayenne, Eric sutton pulled us to the side and let us know that the aventador had just returned from the shop and was available to drive again!  Of course, my husband was ecstatic.My husband LOVED it and had a a silly grin on his face when he entered the car and a pleased swagger when he exited.  He drove fast and hard with other beautiful exotic cars and loved every second of it.  When he got our of the car I asked how it was and he said, "It was great!". For a man of few words, "great" translates to HAPPY.Eric sutton had great customer service and is a calm, patient and courteous employee.  He's a spectacular asset to Exotoc racing and we greatly appreciated his attentive service.Thanks for the awesome birthday gift for my hubby, Exotic Racing!
5	I made the mistake of making this the first thing I did. The reason I say mistake is because nothing else in Las Vegas comes close. All I can think about is going back a driving another car.
2	Very disappointing. It had the potential to be an amazing experience but the instructor ruined it. He never let me get over 100 MPH.  I could go around the track faster in my Toyota. Not worth the $250.00 spent.
2	This is my second time at the track in 6 months.  The first time was a great experience. Dave Roberts makes the class entertaining and I learned something new each time.  The first time I drove four cars:  Ferrari 458, the moderate Lamborghini because the one I wanted was broke, the SLS Mercedes because the McClaren was broke, and the  997 Porche.  It was an expensive day but fit the bill.  I left still wanting to drive the McClaren so I returned with my family in tow.  I drove the McClaren and the Ferrari 458 again.  Great instructors...very nice.  I don't regret the experience or the expense for the track experience.My rating is based on the disappointing ride alongs the kids got.  There was very little fish tailing and the driver was not into the experience for the kids.  Because Dave Roberts said to let them know if anything was less than expected, we mentioned to Aisha that the kids rides were not what we expected.  Aisha rolled her eyes-which I can't stand from any adult! The manager, Chris, was less than friendly or even professional about the entire situation.  He had someone else "review the video" and determined it was an acceptable experience from their perspective, even though from mine it was not optimal.  My video from the phone shows it was not any more exciting than a fast ride down the highway.  Didn't compare to the other rides we watched throughout our two days at Exotics.  Chris was completely apathetic!!!  He turned into a jerk once he thought he had me backed into a corner.  It was a competition of wills rather than a good customer service assurance.  Bottom line is this... I have spent over $3,000 in 6 months at Exotics and for two $99.00 rides, Chris was willing to lose me as a customer forever.  Told me my  account is documented so they will know when I come back next time the details of my complaint...seems like my account being documented meant I'm not welcome back.  Don't think I'll spend my own money at Exotics again because bad customer service always leaves a bad taste that outlasts a good experience.   My advice is this, make sure the ride along driver is a true professional (Rudy makes it an adrenaline thrill ride) and don't expect the manager to make it right if you have a less than optimal experience even though that's what Dave represents as the Exotics method of operations.
5	Seriously one the most exciting and fun things I've ever done and left me jonesing for more.  Only Con was it goes too fast.
3	This might help anyone with a lot of track experience or anyone who has a race license.Biggest complaints:You are limited to "sport" mode on the cars. On the Aventador this means the middle mode, you can't put it on corsa. The car has so much power it's pretty tough to accelerate without the car kicking in traction control and limiting the acceleration.The Ferrari 458 Italia was a dream but once again "sport" mode only. "Race" would have still had traction control but I wasn't allowed to put it there even after telling the instructor I had a race license and several years experience racing. The car was still a blast to drive but you can't really get a complete feeling of what the cars complete potential with it on the mode meant to babysit someone who isn't capable of driving it correctly.Other than those limitations (which are to be expected) it was a blast. It's tough to go out on a new track with a new car and try to get every bit out of it. The instructor was helpful and the little classroom session before hand was very professional as well as the cayenne introductory lap. As someone who does driving instruction I was impressed with how well the whole program was put together and how much they were able to cram into the short 30-45 minutes they have to prepare you to drive these cars.If I were to go back I would choose lower horsepower cars so the traction control wasn't such a hindrance and do more than 5 laps per car, definitely a fun thing to do while in vegas for anyone who likes driving. But I think the target client is the car enthusiast that doesn't have too much actual track experience and just wants to get the feeling of driving one of these high end machines.Oh and keep in mind the current track setup is 1.2 miles and only takes about a minute to go around completely... I drove two cars and was in and out in under an hour. You may want to consider counting your laps to make sure you get the correct amount.
5	We had more fun here than at Disneyland. This is a MUST go! Do not be afraid of the price. 5 laps is plenty fun and sorta stressful. Plan on being there for about 2 hours. It is packed with people and there will also be an orientation. My husband drove the Lambo and I rode in the Corvette with the National Drifting Champion. I made the mistake of telling him I wasn't scared. He kicked my ass...and I would do it again. FUN FUN FUN til your daddy takes the T-Bird away!!!!
5	Although this place is a little bit expensive, I felt that it was totally worth it.  I drove 5 cars (Aston, GTR, R8, 911 Turbo, 458 Italia) for 7 laps each and walked away feeling like I got my monies worth.  I have had some sports cars in my life but never have driven on a track and that part of the experience especially with these amazing cars definitely exceeded my expectations.  Don't worry about having an instructor in the car they are great people and are seriously trying to get you to go as fast as you can around the track.  Never once did I feel like they were trying to hold me back.  Also it is well worth going on the ride-along with the professional driver in the Ferrari, all I can say is WOW that guy can drive!!!Highly recommended...
5	Ok, first this is an awesome gift for a boyfriend, husband, friend, any car enthusiast, etc.  I have never seen so many happy people in one place.  As I was waiting for my fiance to complete his driving experience (he did 3 different cars) I was watching everyone else get in and out of their cars and each time someone would complete their laps they would get out of the car beaming and saying it was the best day of their life.   Actually made me happy just watching people do this.  there were a few kids that did the ride along and looked so thrilled when they came back.  Definitely beats an amusement park.  The staff are great and very friendly and accommodating.  I was actually very pleasantly surprised at how  organized everything is given how many people were there and how many cars are going in and out.  They take a lot of safety precautions but not in a way that limits your fun.   We sent feedback to their survey afterwards and our only real complaint was that there was not enough warning that my fiance (who is 6'4) would not fit in one of the cars.  They responded to the survey and said they are working on making this information more clear and available up front.  How many businesses actually respond these days to your feedback?  Yes, the price is steep but it is definitely worth it.
4	For Vday/Bday, I purchased for my husband a 10 lap combo package with the Lamborghini Gallardo 550 and the Ferrari 430.  Yelpers kept saying that 5 laps were barely enough time to get adjusted to the car and this was repeated by the professionals at the track.  My husband agrees and thinks that the short break you get while waiting for your next car is key, since you sort of need to recover.  He loved it; still talking about it and youtubing race car videos.  I think I've created a problem.His instructor for the Lamborghini, Buddy, was incredible.  He was great at talking H through the turns and pushing to give him the best experience possible.  The staff were very professional.  My concerns were immediately and fully addressed.I don't normally drop money like this, but I did a quick search of other like companies across the States, and they were either about the same amount or cost more.  Another yelper stated it best:  It's unlikely that you're ever going to own one of these cars, and if you do end up with one, you're not going to drive it like this.   It's too crazy an amount to spend, but H got to play fast and furious with a two incredibly powerful cars, while being guided by a professional on a track specifically designed for this purpose.  As a once in a lifetime experience, it's worth it.
4	I HAD A BLAST! Very professional and friendly staff. You get to walk around to see and take photos with the cars ... even sit inside of them. The two discovery laps (to learn the ins and outs of the track) was already a fun ride in the Cheyenne. I drove the Ferrari F430 F1 for 5 laps. The track offers both acceleration, highspeed, and technical cornering. I picked up the track in the 2nd and 3rd laps, the 4th and 5th laps was a blast ... I could sense our lap times becoming quicker and quicker with the guidance of the professional driver(Jimmy). If you think you need more laps to learn the track, then I suggest going for the 7 Lap package. The ride along DRIFT Corvette Z06 was fun to watch ... I think I'll get that for my wife on the next trip. Why only 4-star? One: There was a drink fountain for water but not enough cups. 2: I received a certificate of completion, but it didn't have lap times or best lap times .. nothing to back up my bragging rights ;PI'll definitely do this again.
5	I have to laugh reading all the people that gave this 4 Stars and then went on to say how much of a Blast they had: Not sure what need to be done to get 5 stars from them (makes me wonder how many Stars their "partners" would get when they'd say they're great, but that's another topic...lol). Personally, I go to Vegas a lot (1 to 4 tmies a year) and finding something to do during the day is pretty hard THIS was an awesome change!A friend and I drove out to the Speedway area while in Vegas to visit a few of his friends for Lunch, then went there after (without any plans to actually drive a car).This is a totally different kind of rush for me, I'm more use to racing a Quarter mile (I have an old Camero that runs mid 8's at better than 140 mph) and also driving on the Highway like a bat out of hell (I made Vegas from, SFV area of LA, in UNDER 3.5 hours this time).Here I drove the Ferrari 430 Scuderia and all I can say is WoW!They have an option to buy an extra lap for $50 (and had a deal that day where IF you buy it you get an extra lap free): so I ended up going 7 laps.  I have to admit it took me at least 3 laps to stop feeling like a complete wuss, I had to laugh when the instructor was encouraging me to open it up to what I thought was going into the turns (The way I drive, I normally have the passengers climbing the walls: but this car had me for a bit...lol).  I still wasn't completely use to flying up to the pylons then  breaking so hard "into" the turns but I got pretty good and flooring the gas out of the turn (I was hitting 125/130 MPH down the main straight away)....Nice!The Class before hand was informative, but it's kind of difficult taking it all in when you don't have a full understanding of what your getting yourself into. They send you out with a Driver in a Porsche SUV and I have to say THAT in itself was pretty impressive: he pushed it a little to give us an understanding what they meant in the class.....Nice drivingI can't wait to do it again!Great times if you're looking for a Rush
5	Had a great time - a little pricey but I'd rather spend the money here than leave it in the Casinos! Took out the R-8 and did the ride along with the drifter guy. Loved them both! I will definitely do that again.
5	Just had my first time at Exotics Racing, well worth the trip.  I've sat in expensive Lambos and Ferrari's  at plenty of carshows, but never thought I would get around to driving one.   I definitely recommend doing your own laps, and then doing the ride along. They do them in that order if you get both, so you can see how you drive, and how fast you can take it once you learn your way around. My instructor , Ian, did a really good job of explaining while I did fairly well around the corners (with improvement), that I need a heavier right foot. I'll make sure to put extra lead in my shoe next time. The ride along with their driver Vinny was insane. It almost felt like he was drifting around some corners at one point. I don't know where he learned to drive, but it was damn good. Thanks guys for the epic track trip, will be back again...I need to fell like Tony Stark and drive that R8....
5	My Friend told me about This Exotic Racing place, I am glad i gave it a try when i am in town for a few days, First of all, The staffs were awesome, From the front where you register to the class that they introdust the course, like how to race the Ferrari F430 around the Track, how to get the best time out of the 7 labs, The Truth is, they do want you to drive like a race car driver! Do you have the guts to take the Ferrari F430 to the limits, it's all up to you and your skill and race track experience, ultimately, It was as good as it get, even better than this,i had a great time! I would definitely tell friends about it, I forgot to memtion that my instructor Jason he was awesome, he is the one keep me on the track and keep pushing me with the speed, i guess i got up to a 100s, The ferrari F430 really stick to the track well. very well balance of power and handeling, Next time i want to drive the Ferrari 458 Italia,
5	This place is amazing. It was my husbands birthday last week and I wanted to get him something special and given his need for speed and love of exotic cars I thought this was a good idea. I called and spoke with James and honestly he was amazing. I had a hundred questions and he answered each one with such patience. It took me a week to actually figure out what car to chose and how many laps but with James's help I ended up making the perfect choice. I ended up purchasing his friends 5 laps each and they were so happy with it as well. Julianne and Ian were my husbands instructors and they were amazing. They made him feel so calm and excited. I got 7 laps in the Aventator and 7 laps in the Ferrari Spider. What an amazing experience. The class was not too long and they were fun and cool guys giving the instructions... then they went on a little discovery tour which they said was very interesting (never knew a Cayanne could drive like that lol) Overall, it was an excellent experience and they were very professional and fun and friendly place. I am glad I chose to go with them. Excellent service and experience.
5	Got this for the Hubby and he loved it! Was just Awesome!!!
5	OH YES!!just dont like getting back into my crappy car after...  =(
5	Exotic Racing is pretty amazing. Ferrari's, Lambo's. The Porsche's seem almost ordinary. Corvettes far to common to make the cut. This isn't a rich friend letting you drive their car a few blocks down the street. This is  full bore racing!! It's only against the clock but where else are you going to get the opportunity to go all out in a Ferrari 458!
5	BEST Customer Service and Friendly Staff!!! THE BEST Service Ever.  I drove an AUDI R8 and make sure to sign up for 7 laps.  The track is fun and has turns and you can go over 100 MPH. The instructor was AWESOME and Friendly and was able to help me on the track.  Before you get on the track you take a 15 min class/Intro and then they take you around the track 2 times in a Porsche Ceyenne and you can test/feel the track before you get into your car.  This place is REALLY NICE----lots of staff on the floor and they are friendly, you can stand and chat with them, they are sooo helpful  They have helmets for you.  You can also purchase a video of your driving.  They offer transportation to their venue.  I rented a car when I was in Vegas.  I will be back again -----for sure next time I am in Vegas.  The prices are worth it!!!! It is an Experience Just do it!!! Thank you Exotics racing! Amazing Staff---they made it fun.
3	i went to this experience in december 2010. a few things went wrong. a few things went right.what went wrong? the HIDDEN SCAM. i paid around $2000 total (drove a ferrari and lambo murcie as well as bought repeated drift experiences for me and my wife) for the entire experience. that isn't the scam. the scam is that they charged my card that much money and then one month later i got a magical surprise on my bill. turns out the lady in nevada never told me that they have an offshore company in france or italy. i forget the country. i was hit with a foreign exchange fee plus a foreign transaction. when they ran my card info in their computer, they were sending that approval to europe, not america. i had no clue this was happening. of course, they did not refund that fee to me. i am not sure why they were doing this (are they still doing this 2 years later??) but they should tell me that their business is based somewhere in europe. the dishonesty was bad.next, it was too cold to enjoy the experience in december. this is my own responsibility on one hand. i would not go here during the winter. on the other hand, i was wearing a jacket and there was no real heater that i can remember under the awning where the cars are kept. it was uncomfortable. they make so much money that they can at least make a room which is heated and has a TV with some dollar store cookies and soft drinks. this penny pinching made me regret how poorly they manage this business.next, the awful 1998 webcam they have installed. again, they make so much money, how much does it cost to install a good camera inside the vehicles? i can find a setup for about $500 at bh photo. i had to waste one of my laps to allow my instructor to drive so i could record the steering wheel, the road, and the experience because he refused to record me (i had an expensive but small and light HD camcorder with optical stabilization). their own video which i purchased is unacceptable 280p blur. the audio is also nonexistent. from what i see on these reviews, they have not listened to their customers and have not upgraded their equipment. funny thing is all smartphone cameras are better than their cameras inside of these cars and those phones cost just a few hundred dollars and do so much more. i have no clue why they don't listen to their customers. you can see the footage from my experience recorded by my own HD camcorder (with high quality audio) on youtube. my username is fakedodgeviperguy. you will see my experience, the garage, and some drifting footage i captured.what went right? you do get to drive a supercar or supercars. the prices are reasonable for a once in a lifetime experience. i also realize dealing with people is not easy and not every customer experience will be spot on. i can tolerate the cold weather and standing around with no heat, the awful webcam (i didn't have to purchase that package - it was optional), but the lying about the credit card scam thing was unacceptable. there are some things no company has an excuse for. the instructors were also nice but they are just drone employees. they don't get to make decisions (i had to use one of my own paid-for laps to let the instructor drive so i could hold the camera and record the experience because he refused to do so while i was driving. why? bad customer experience) so they were just doing their job, nothing more, nothing less. if you go, go during the summer or fall (nevada has high heat but low humidity so it's still comfortable and you are in comfy shorts tshirt and flip flops) and pay in cash so you don't fall into the scam like i did. overall though i would check out other companies (there are a few that do this in america). you have the internet. do your research.
5	Expensive, but you get what you pay for. The staff is fun and friendly, and the cars are sexy. Lots of options, good instructors/drivers. I will definitely be returning down the road.
5	Amazing. I drove an Audi R8 10 laps and a Ferrari F430 Scuderia 5 laps. The Audi was great but the Ferrari was a beast. Driving on a closed track with pro instructors was something I'll never forget. It's expensive but for me it was worth it. Awesome experience, nice people. Oh, if you go with your wife, have her do a ride along with the pro driver.
4	Came here 3 years ago with my ex as a birthday gift. I'm super impressed with the cars and they are pretty hot & exotic! It's fun watching the customers drive the cars, some are pros and some aren't but hey it gets exciting when you put your hands inside a $300,000 Audi R8. How often will you be able to drive one? Or even better, the Ferrari or the Lambo! You can choose to drive a combo of 2-3 or more diff cars for a price. It gets pricey the more you choose but it's a great gift for that guy of yours when you're looking for something pretty fun & exotic. I don't like the hot weather in Vegas & this is located out in the open desert. Choose to go late in the afternoon to avoid the crowds & the heat. 30 minute class for those who choose to drive the Lambo.
5	I've never done anything like this in my life so when i first got here, it was definitely a wow factor. Just seeing the cars zoom by was a pretty cool sight.Came here for a work event that my company hosted. I got to drive the Lambo Gallardo which was awesome. I do have to caution for people that are over 6' since some of the cars are pretty low. I had a bit of a trouble with the helmet on for the lambo but I ended up just dealing with it. I would recommend getting 7 laps. The first 2-3 laps were pretty much a trial run since you're probably nervous and not sure how fast to drive. The last 2-3 laps is where it gets really fun. The only thing I hated was that if there is a slow car in front of you and the instructor doesn't let you pass them, you're stuck behind them. I think I couldn't really push the car because of that slow car.We got the videos too too come with it. After watching the video I realized next time I'm going to just really push the car even more.Definitely worth it if you want the thrill. I think the total cost we paid was about $430 with the videos. They had a special where you buy an extra lap you get one free for $50.
5	Amazing Experience! I got this as a gift for my husband for his birthday. He got the GT-R/ Lamborghini package from cloud 9 living. We got to the track not really expecting it to be packed but surprisingly it was pretty busy. We got to hangout look at the exotic cars & take photos in them & watch everyone have their track experience. Then we went into the training room they have you a brief example of what to do on the track & what it will be like with your driving instructor. They then break you up into groups to take you around the track in the Porsche SUV to show you how you will race around the track. After that you check back into the racing desk to get ready to race. When I signed my husband up for the packages I had picked the GTR & Lamborghini cause I knew he'd always wanted both of those cars. There was no wait to race the GTR so my husband got to race that first he had a blast the instructor was great & he really got to push the car. After he raced the GTR he got back to the desk where the girl told him we'd have to wait for 10 people to go in front if him to race the Lamborghini but she was nice enough to let him race the Ferrari with no additional charges I didn't mind since for that package it was a lot more & he wanted to race it more than the Lamborghini after he saw it sitting there. We were blown away by the experience at exotics racing everyone on the staff was great & the instructors were even better than I expected they really have you push the car if you are willing to race it around the track. People were really lacking in the balls department when it came to racing though. I highly recommend exotics racing & buying the disc video to see your experience.
5	The groom-to-be had Exotics Racing as a priority of things to do during the bachelor party weekend.  In my mind, we could have stayed there the entire weekend, and I would have been very pleased.No review can put a reader in the driver's seat of a high-performance car, but suffice to say that all of us had smiles on our faces that lasted the whole day.  For me, Exotics Racing was the highlight of the trip.The staff and instructors are very helpful, courteous and above all have safety in mind at all times.  After the 20 minute training session and the discovery laps, I felt comfortable to get behind the wheel of the Nissan GT-R.  The slight nervousness I had completely vanished after I met Blake, the instructor, as he was very thorough in the preparation and clear and concise with his in-car instructions.I will be returning again soon!ADVICE: I drove only 5 laps and it wasn't until the 5th lap that I got a feel for all the turns on the track.  10 laps would have been ideal in my opinion.  A couple of the guys did 7 laps, but felt a few more would have been better.  So, keep that in mind when you go for the first time.
3	Lot of fun, great cars to choose from! Reason why only 3 stars because they switched my car last minute and explained cars where same! This wasn't true in fact it was 60 horsepower less, slowest car on track, after I looked it up. Also when I booked it with friends I was told I was getting the "Best" deal. When we got there they offered same everything to another one in my party and  offered $40.00 less then what I paid. I asked for credit back and they said no. I just felt cheapened a little, still a lot of fun and highly recommended just buy all your "add on's" when you get there it's cheaper!
5	Excellent time! Made my hubby's 40th birthday celebration beyond memorable. My husband opted for his dream car the Lamborghii Aventador LP700 an it did not disappoint!  The smile on his face truly said it all~It was an epic success!!The staff was energetic and enthusiastic which magnified the "wow" factor of being around all those high performance cars. Loved the add-on options such as the drifting-ride-along for some of us not yet ready to put the pedal to the metal ourselves ~ it was incredible flying around the track with the  wheels screeching as we went sideways through the turns. My professional driver, Rudy Ibanez, was amazing & super friendly.  Loved it! There were plenty of photo opportunities as well as purchasing the videos - which we did of course. A couple of the staff also mentioned that it was unusual to have locals visiting- really!!?? Anyway, it got my husband an extra lap around the track! It truly was an exceptional experience and we're already looking forward to our next visit.
5	I came here to watch some friends race.  The viewing area had plenty of room so that I didn't have to fight for a spot to watch, it's outside and close enough to the track to get some good pictures. They also let us check out the cars in the departure area.
5	My experience with these people and these cars was AMAZING!!! My instructor Ian was a great instructor and very friendly. Fortunately I got him for both of my races. These people were so awesome, especially the manager. My parents missed my race and my mom was bummed out that she didn't get to see me drive (they were helping a lady who just moved to LV to find her house). My mom asked the manager if I could go again. I came over and said, "Mom, they are obviously not going to let me race again just to let you watch me." The next thing I know, the manager said, "Sure, you can drive another car, any car you want." I was grinning from ear to ear. THEY LET ME DRIVE A CAR FOR 3 LAPS FOR FREE!!They are awesome!!! Thanks again guys for a great experience.
5	I drove the Lamborghini Aventador, Ferrari Italia 458 and Porsche 997 Turbo S.The experience was second to none.  Yes, there is a person in the car with you.Yes that person has a brake.  No they don't use the brake (I imagine if you got out of control they would).No they don't limit your speed. (Actually encourage you to go as fast as possible).The instructors are in the car to help guide you and I would say most anyone would benefit from it.  The cars are in great condition.  The whole experience was very organized, clean and really chill.  YOU SHOULD take a lap with the drifter guy in the corvette, its pretty cool. Would I do it again, YES, and I plan on it.
2	I went for my bachelorette party this last weekend. While the driving experience and the instructors were great, we had issues with customer service. There were five of us total, and four of us got to drive our cars promptly after the teaching sessions. However, my fifth friend was kept waiting long after the rest of us finished our experiences, with no explanation for the delay. We went to the girl at the desk to see what was going on, but she was curt and gave little information except that my friend would be next. Finally I complained to the manager and she said that there was a shortage on the car that my friend requested and she apologized for the wait. It would have been nice to know that information so that our whole group wouldn't be kept wondering what was going on. After my friend was finally called for her experience, we asked to see the preview of the video. Unfortunately there was a glitch with the system and her best lap time and her speed were not recorded. I spoke to the manager again to see what could be done, and all she offered was the lame certificate that everyone gets at the end. I would have rated the experience higher if the customer service had been better, especially since they boast throughout the teaching that if we are not satisfied, we should talk with the management, because after we leave, they cannot address the issue. Despite having spoken to the manager twice, we left feeling that my friend had a lackluster experience. This is unfortunate, because this is a venue that many bachelorette parties would enjoy, but I would not recommend it to other groups for the reason that the management does little to compensate for experiences that fall short of expectations
5	Went here this past Friday and had a great time due to the staff. I rode in the drift car with the super cool driver, great guy and it seems like he has a great time as he laughed to himself as we went around many turns. Great guy! The car I 'test drove' was the Ferrari Scuderia, amazing machine! Amazing sound (loud) to the car, wicked fun to drive and my instructor 'Buddy' really made the experience. He made me do the manual shifting, which was half the fun for me coupled with learning how to pilot this car comfortably at 60 to 70 MPH around corners (when I took a corner properly). Buddy was awesome, especially since he has such a difficult job. Can you imagine how many people get in these cars a just drive crazy without knowing what they are doing, while going 100+? A pretty dangerous job I'd say. The one thing that I completely do not understand about some of the previous reviewers are the comments about speed. The instructors let you go as fast as you want, but you still need to make the turns safely. Get what I am saying? You can't take a 60 degree turn at 150 MPH, unless you have a death wish. If you want to go 200 MPH in one of these cars then you had better find a drag strip that is a mile long. Exotics Racing does a difficult job really well I believe... My only regret is the the English can't sort out electrical engineering in their cars, which is why we were told the McLaren was in the shop (again).
2	This place should have been a five star experience for us. The staff is extremely helpful and friendly. Check in was easy. We got there 15min before our reservation so we had time to take a look at all the cars which was fun. This is a great unique gift for someone. The worst part about this was the timing. They cram a lot of people into each session. Even though we were one of the first checked in, somehow we got screwed and ended up at the back of the line for everything. The last called for the ride along, the last called for the actually ride, and the last for the corvette ride along. We waited at least 40 minutes to be called for our car. That was ridiculous and really killed our mood. Then we waited almost an hour for the ride along. Overall we were here for 3.5 hours for only a 7 lap ride and a 2 min ride along in the corvette. That really felt like such a waste of half the day. I realize they only have so many cars and drivers but if they can't handle the amount in each session, book less people. It really took a lot of our energy away when we sat around for an hour and a half doing nothing. By the time we were finally done we had zero interest in waiting around for the video and just left. I would probably try out a different company in hopes of a better experience.
4	wet dream for fast car enthusiast and people who love the sound of loud engines. great service great staff, lots of variety of different super fast cars
5	Booked a drive in the Ferrari for an overseas guest we had in town.  Added a drive in the Porsche as well.  Had a fantastic time!   (I think our guest is still smiling days later.) We were able to check out all the beautiful cars while waiting.  All of the staff was friendly and helpful from start to finish.  The guest and my husband are already planning to return and have cars picked out for the next trip to exotics racing!
5	Today I used a gift certificate (Merry Christmas!) to drive a Lamborghini Gallardo for 5 laps at Exotics Racing. It was my first time at the business and my first time on a track in a luxury sportscar.Overall, I had an excellent experience. The place was clean, orderly, staff were friendly, and the cars were clean also. In short, nothing was stinky or sticky.I really appreciate the hair bonnet to wear under the helmet so I have a wee barrier of protection between my hair and whoever else had that helmet on before me.I had a very attentive, informative and instructive professional driver with me named Chris H. who took the time to answer my multitude of questions.I learned a few tips and tricks in the safety briefing and enjoyed the discovery lap in the Porsche wagon.As for kids: I would pay for my 8 year old to have the hot laps with the professional drifter driver Bo.  I did not ask at the time, but was thinking on the way home, if any of the cars have a back seat, it would be worth it to pay to have my son ride along on my laps.I would definitely visit this business again and can recommend it to anyone else who is looking for a race car driving experience.
3	3 just for professional, friendly staff and the drive along experience. But a BIG disappointment for the main drive experience (which was supposed to be the main reason one would be here). Stay way from self drive experience if you just like drifting, the instruction in the car wouldn't let you accelerate around a turn and their whole sales pitch is FASTER, FASTER, maintain racing line and hence, don't drift. Really? I'm not trying to get a pole position here. The whole point is to enjoy the drift in the high powered cars and the track in some turn is wide enough to push but just forget about it. If you like drifting, just go for the drive along experience or try go karts else where. I have had more fun in some go karts than a porsche cayman R here. This is just not the place for that.  Besides, they were once closed during a NASCAR event. The in-car video that they take are good. Although, they could use a wide angle camera.
5	Hi I recently took my 3 sons to do there driving experiences at exotics racing and I was soooo impressed with the whole set up. This its The place to go it you want to drive your dream cars. Everyone there is so POSITIVE and the energy is fantastic. Dreams do come true at a place like this. Well worth the money. Aloha
4	Had a great time here last week and if possible would give this a solid 3 1/2 star experience, so rounding up to 4.I originally didn't have any super cars on my list, until a good friend looked over my choices and smacked me upside the head. (Figuratively speaking anyway.  We were on the phone.)  Why on earth, he asked, would you go to a place that has Ferraris, Lamborghinis, and McLarens available and *not* drive one?  And that's a great question to ask when considering your choices of rides.  Following my friend's advice, I did switch one of my cars to the McLaren, but as it was unavailable, I "settled" for a Ferrari 458.  The other three were a Cayman S, an Audi R8 V10, and the new 2014 Corvette.The experience starts with a brief 10 minute or so introduction/instruction talk, then 2 laps around the track as a passenger in a Porsche Cayenne, then a chance to walk around and see all the cars before being on the track with an instructor sitting alongside.  It's an absolute blast, but over too quickly.As a side note, I should point out that Exotics Racing works with Presidential Limousine to coordinate shuttle rides from the Strip to the raceway for $40 round trip.  Also, every member of the staff (both Exotics Racing and Presidential Limo) was extremely friendly and the instructors were great.So one might be wondering why I didn't go the full 5 stars.  There were 3 main reasons.The biggest problem I had was the "special of the day."  Discounts were being offered on one of the cars I chose which would have saved me about 50% for that car, but they wouldn't adjust the price, only offering additional laps at the discount price.  My suggestion for people reading this review is to find out if they are very busy that day.  If not, then just do a walk in and order a la carte.  It seems you can bargain a bit and/or take advantage of the special, as there appear to be no discounts for online booking.  Of course, if it's a busy day, then all bets are off and be prepared to wait.My next biggest issue was with the cars.  One of the ones I drove, the Cayman, was advertised as a Cayman R, but they switched it out with a Cayman S without saying a word and definitely without any discount.  As it happened, this was my favorite real-world car to drive, and I can only imagine how the R would have been.  Also, the R8 instructor told me it was a dual clutch even though it clearly wasn't (and this was later confirmed with another instructor).  Still fun to drive but I'd expect the instructor to know something so obvious, or at least not try to fool me.Finally, there were a series of much smaller gripes I'd just generally lump under "money." I wasn't a fan of the pitch for instructor tips during the initial talk.  I've done full track days before, and I've never heard of instructor tips being requested.  Also, there was a fairly constant barrage of "you can get this for only X dollars, please see the cashier."  I get the hustle and the up-sell, but I just found it gauche, for lack of a better word.  Finally, I should mention I found a flyer for a similar business at a lower price.  Of course, I have no idea if they run their operation as well, but it might be worth looking into.So overall a fun time, and despite the high cost probably ended up saving me money since I would otherwise have been camped out at a blackjack table.
5	What an incredible experience!!!From the moment we arrived, I knew we were in for a treat.  We watched a few sessions at first, to get familiar with the process.  We were treated to several beautiful exotic cars driving in and out of the pit lane... and we watched how most of the drivers consistently improved over the next few laps.  Armed with confidence, it was time to get serious.  We attended the mandatory classroom training which I found very informative.  A special kudos to our trainers (BG and Mark) who made sure they covered the basics in a clear, concise manner.  They were even somewhat entertaining!.  I'm so glad they didn't turn it into a long boring technical dissertation.  After the classroom session we were toured the track in a Porsche Cayenne with a lead instructor (in our case it was Mark) who showed us proper technique as we reviewed the information we had learned in the classroom.  Finally, our chance to shine arrived and I was able to finally sit in... AND DRIVE a Ferrari 458 Italia.  WOW!!!  It was like a dream come true.  After some precursory advisory talk, my driving instructor (IAN - YOU'RE THE BOMB) guided me through a safe entry unto the track.  I have to emphasize how impressed I was with Ian who calmly guided me through the track, never losing his patience and always providing the right amount of feedback, allowing me to become more and more comfortable with the Ferrari, as I explored the limits of my driving ability.I wish I could explain the feeling of exhilaration I had while accelerating through that first straightaway.  And it only got better.  By the fourth lap I started becoming more comfortable with the car and I was able to get a little better time.  The fifth lap sadly ended all too quickly, as time ran out.  Additional laps have to wait until the next time I'm in Vegas.After the driving experience, I was taken on a drifting ride-along...  which I rather enjoyed.  It was amazing to see the driver keep control of the car at such high speeds.   Bomac, you're one heck of a driver...  It was fun to go on a ride-along with you... and to learn all the terrible mistakes I made while I was driving.  Overall, I would recommend this experience to anyone.  It was a definite "bucket list" item for me... and I'm thankful for the folks at EXOTIC RACING who made my dream come true.   Oh.. and one last thing... make sure you get the video.  It's a great opportunity to share with your friends and family.  Even my mother was excited to share my experience at EXOTICS RACING.  P.S.  Ian... I'll be coming back for more lessons!!!
5	The best in the west! Shoot, probably the best in the world. There isn't a better time to be had in Las Vegas. All of the cars look amazing and are in outstanding condition and the cherry on top is the staff. Everyone is so nice and profesional it makes it a real joy to drive. Dealing with the Customer Service people is a pleasure, something that I can't say for 99% of customer service departments anywhere else. Also the "Viewing area" and garage where the cars are parked is a very nice and relaxed experience, I was pleasently surprised to be able to go up and touch or even sit in the cars I wasn't driving.
5	Amazing experience.  It's a short track so you will want a car that accelerates quickly.  It was my first time on any race track.  Did 5 laps.  Best lap time was 1 minute flat.  I lucked out and got an experienced Indy car driver to teach me technique while I was driving.  What more could you ask for?  (I chose the Ferrari F1, and did the corvette ride-along.. no complaints with either expeireince)  Price is not too high in my opinion.
5	This should be at the top of anybody's must do list when visiting Vegas.  Extremely professional crew runs this place.  The instructors are really there to help you get the most out of the car you select to drive.  The track is really fun.  You will become a customer for life.  I visit every time I am in Vegas!
5	All out awesome experience ! I drove the GTR as I've always chose that as my favorite car to own. I did 7 laps in this car and passed two Ferraris racing around the track, my instructor was encouraging me to push the car to the limit the entire time, it was an amazing thrilling experience, I would highly recommend this place to anyone who loves cars as much as I do. Some things to remember if you are thinking about going;1: the instructors are there to make sure you are getting all of the cars potential, not to babysit the machine so it's pretty cool they are there with you telling you to floor it!. 2: I would recommend getting more than the minimum 5 laps because you'll need at least that many to familiarize yourself with the car and track.
5	The BEST experience ever and that's from someone who didn't even drive so imagine the review on someone who did! This was a time well spent. The minute you enter, you are greeted by such great and welcoming staff members and they are great in communicating the rules and policy of the facility. I sat in on the driving training class and the instructor was really funny and made the science of drive an easy one. He broke down the concept of driving into simple ideas. When you're done with the class, you sit in an SUV and they do a test drive with a few others so you can get an idea of the 1.2 mile track. When you get back you get fitted with a helmet and you meet your instructor. They go over the basic sitting position and where things are in the car. Then you're off to your 200 mph speed limit track! The sound of those beastly machines are amazing! It gets your heart pumping.While in the car, there is a dash cam and a computer chip that tracks your speed, time, and look of extreme concentration while driving and you can watch your driving skills in detail on their ipad when you're done. You do have the option of purchasing the video. There was a sensation of awe after driving the Ferrari and feeling pumped with adrenaline!  The 11 laps is enough satisfaction. A definite to do again. Maybe I should try going neck and neck against other's lap time!
3	Went here with some friends and drove  Lambo Guillardo 250.  What an amazing machine.  The only thing was I felt like my drive instructor wasn't that great.  He seemed more interested in getting me through the track and on to the next one rather than really giving me the top-notch driving experience that I paid for.  Just attitude really and that makes a big difference.  Didn't really seem to care much about my experience.  That part was a dissapointment and it didn't help me to feel comfortable in an already stressful experience of driving a really expesnive car 120+mph on a  track.
5	I can't say enough about this experience! I've been several times and recommend it to everyone. If you can get up early enough, book the earliest race time. It's fun to watch all the cars pull in and warm up. The only "con" is that 5 laps just isn't enough and the cost for more adds up quick! I haven't had a bad co-pilot and the drifting is something everyone should try- super fun!
5	I drove the Audi R8 & the Nissan GTR. That was an amazing experience and I had so much fun. Definitely coming back.
5	Took my friend here to Drive the R8, and he loved it. He wants to come back from Germany and drive all the vehicles next time. The Drift ride is MY personal Favorite, even if i'm not driving, watching it brings me back to when I used to live in Japan. My cousin Rudy is a drifter for exotics and truly shows how its done in japan in a corvette in the states. A lot of people say, sure sure... its just a corvette... but I don't see any of the corvette owners drifting theirs as a job.
4	Took my BF son for his 11 birthday. He loved the ride along in the Corvette. Just wish it was for more than 2 laps.
1	This experience is truly not worth it if you are not a complete amateur driver.  The cars are great, but the instructors will not allow you to drive them to their full potentials.  The instructors simply did not shut up when it came to yelling sub-optimal instructions at every corner.  I wish I had a roll of duct tape for their big mouths.  Here are some examples:  They would tell me to brake ridiculously early, and drag the brakes softly into the corner instead of step on them hard (which would allow me to get better lap times).  They would tell me to upshift 2000 RPM before the redline.  They would hit the brake in middle of the turn for me very frequently (Yes, they have a brake pedal on the passenger side).  If you did not listen, they'll pull you over to the side and have a "talk" with you.  This completely ruined the experience for me, because I was not a total noob driver.  If you are a complete newbie to the track and racing, go for it.  However, any decent driver would not appreciate the instructors here because they all assume you are a total newbie and are wired in their brain to give you the experience of a noob.
5	This place is incredible! The experience cannot be matched! The customer service is stellar...we have never been treated better! I would highly recommend Exotics if you are in Vegas and want to do something really cool off of the strip. They have a huge fleet of beautiful cars, making it almost impossible to choose just one....My husband drove a Corvette and a Ferrari and absolutely loved them both. Great business, great concept! Loved it!
5	WOW - had a blast! I could not drive car as hard as it would go.  Maybe a 5 point seat belt would have helps. Took the 7 laps for 6 deal. Wish I had $'s for more. 10 laps would have been the right number for my goal. It cost a bunch but worth it
5	Truly an amazing experience. My girlfriend went to full lengths to surprise me for my 23 with a trip here. Amazing experience from start to finish. Love how you are able to sit and take pictures with the cars whether you are a driver or just a guest. Just did a 5 lap drive in the Nissan GTR. I got an extra lap added because I had to keep slowing down and moving over for the drifting ride-along car on the course. I was greeted as we walked in got myself all checked in. Sat through a quick 10-15 minute driving class to learn the rules and proper steps needed to enjoy the driving experience. After a 20 minute wait, got to take a couple laps around the course and be taught the driving lines and track details before I got behind the drivers seat. After the quick ride along, I was then put right into the Nissan GTR. The instructor with me was great. Very friendly and informative. As we were on the course, the first lap he gave me very minor instruction on things I needed to adjust. By the second lap I knew exactly what needed to be done and the instructor sat there and allowed me to enjoy the experience. He even made it fun by giving me some motivation to get the car pushing to its limits. Overall great experience. Could not have asked for a better time while I was driving or just watching the other cars on the track.
5	As a meeting and events planner, there is no better corporate event venue in Las Vegas than the Exotics Racing experience. Most of our clients have seen the shows and visited all the Vegas attractions, so hosting an event at Exotics, provided a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to drive a car that most people only dream about. The entire Exotics team does everything for you, and is so organized; all you have to do is show up and have fun.  You do not have to be into race cars or know how to drive a manual shift, the cars can be set up for automatic and you can drive as fast of slow as you like. The instructors guide you every step of the way, making it easy and removing all anxiety. There are other driving experiences out there that try to imitate Exotics, but they don't even come close to the quality that Exotics provides. Forget the Strip. Exotics Racing is by far the best attraction in Vegas, hands down!
5	This is the best experience!  An absolute must for car lovers coming to Vegas! The instructor was awesome,  made me feel like a pro!  Drove the Gallardo, definitely a dream come true! Thanks exotics racing for an experience I'll never forget!!!
5	Completely worth every penny.
4	It's expensive. They should bring the price lower so people can drive more cars. Anyhow it was enjoyable.
5	This was quite an experience! Bought 7 laps ahead of time in a GTR as a gift for a birthday. Added an extra two laps when we got there for only $40 as a special that day!They start by taking you on a discovery lap in a Porsche Cayenne so you know the tracks and turning.The instructors make sure you're comfortable and then let you have your fun! No speed caps either!Needless to say the recipient of this surprise birthday present was satisfied! We'll definitely be back to drive more cars!
4	Great time, I think the cars are speed restricted though. Thought a lambo would be a lot quicker. Good experience for the price
5	Came here last Friday 9/5 and had an awesome time. I bought a Ferrari ride not for myself but he was very happy about the whole experience. We checked in once we arrived then the class started. The class lasted for about 30 minutes. Then they moved everybody to the indoor stands. That's where they take people in groups for a ride around the track in a Porsche. This ride does not count towards the laps you bought. It is just so you can get a preview of the track before you get in it with your exotic car. Then they take you back and you get a helmet and your car. Then off you go! There are stands outside in the shade where you can sit and watch the cars go by, take videos, and pictures. We will definitely be back for maybe two cars and or for me the ride along.
5	Wanted to add a quick review on my experience with each car I've driven.  Cars driven:Ferrari F1 (1st time at exotics racing)Porsche 911 Turbo S (2nd time at exotics racing)Ferrari 458 Italia (2nd time at exotics racing)Porsche GT3 (3rd time at exotics racing)Lamborghini Aventador (3rd time at exotics racing)My best laptimes:Ferrari F1 430 1:00:14Porsche 911 Turbo S 58.62Ferrari 458 Italia 57.28Porsche GT3 54.73Lamborghini Aventador 57.88My favorites in order:1. Ferrari 458 Italia2. Porsche GT33. Lamborghini Aventador (distant 3rd compared to the #1 & #2)4. Porsche 911 Turbo S5. Ferrari F1 430My feelings about each car:1. Ferrari 458 Italia- Makes you feel like a rockstar, it's loud, quick, decent handling, excellent shifting.  Even with slower laptimes than the Porsche, this car is super fun to drive.  By far has the best personality.2. Porsche GT3- This car handles so damn well, it does everytjing extremely well, just doesn't have quite the acceleration as some of the other supercars.  If speed/laptime is your main concern, get this car.  The engine isn't quite as crazy as the Ferrari but you'll be going around the track so fast that you have to be a crappy race driver to not have fun in this car.3. Lamborghini Aventador- This Lambo is not made for the short track.  It's made for going fast on the autobahn.  This car pulls the hardest on the straight with it's 700hp v12.  The car is very heavy and not easy to get around turns, clunky shifting. It takes a skilled driver familiar with AWD and really good at balancing the car to get a good laptime, which is not me (yet).  If the track were 5 miles long, this is the car I would have chosen.  Since this is a short track, I wasn't very impressed.  It seemed like the instructor was making me shift at very low rpms, so I think we weren't pushing it anywhere close to it's limits.4. I was disappointed with the 911 Turbo S.  I see rich people driving these all day around my city, and now I think they made a bad choice with this car.  It wasn't very fun to race, it felt very top heavy, the shifting was clunky.  Not nearly as fun as the GT3.5. Ferrari F1 430 This was my first time in a Ferrari so I was thrilled about that, but it didn't give me quite the adreneline rush I was expecting (I ride Ducati's).  It took me a few laps to understand how to balance the car in the turns.  (1st and 2nd are so close they could be interchangable)(4th and 5th are also interchangable)
5	A must do for anyone who is an enthusiast for speed. The instructors were friendly and they made you feel safe in the car. They were also encouraging and were able to assess your state of mind. I opted for the 7 laps on a Ferrari option - personally, it took me 6 laps to get used to the car and track, I was a little more nervous than some of my friends, so I could not as much speed as I wanted. If you are in the same boat, go for 10 laps or alternatively 2 different cars. My friends who were a lot more relaxed and opted for the GTR and the Lamborghini - they were able to hit the desired speed. I had also selected the video option, but now in retrospect, I don't think it was worth the $80 they charge. Overall, highly recommended. The cars, instructors and experience is worth it.
5	Wow what an experience great friendly attitudes and instructors that really make you feel comfortable . I would recommend this for a corporate function, birthday, or just because. Thank you staff!
5	This is my second visit and just as the first time...the experience from arrival until departure was great. People are well trained in customer service, approachable and accommodating. You're here to drive these beautiful sports cars and push them to "your" limits. It's such a blast. I recommend this to anyone.
5	I've always wanted to see what the GTR could do and I got to experience that at Exotics Racing. I completed the 5 laps and heard the drifting, purchased the ride along experience. My recommendation-do the driving the experience and DEFINITELY do the drifting ride along. Enjoyed the DVD to always recap the great time I had. Will be back!
5	My wife and did this today it was fantastic.  The drivers and staff were outstanding; very nice.  No attitude for the instructors. I drove a Lamborghini.  Farrerii and the GT3.  I would say the Lambo was a distant 3rd of the three. Highly recommend the other two.  I will be doing this again!
5	One of the best gifts I bought! This was a Father's Day gift for my better half and it did not disappoint! What a great experience, even though there was a little rain, it still was awesome! I would highly recommend this experience. We had a blast. Everyone was really nice and explained the process and we ended up adding onto our package. Instructor/Jimmy was great, if you go you should ask for him. Very knowledgeable and fun to work with. The cars were great and they let you sit in them and photograph them all too. We had the opportunity to share our experience with one of the owners who was so incredible. It's just a nice group of people that work here.Again if you are looking for adventure and an experience of the a lifetime you should go to Exotic Racing.
5	Amazing experience. One of the best things I've ever done.My adrenaline was pumping for hours after this experience. The instructors here are really great. They first take you around the track twice in a Porsche Cayenne to show you the turns. Then you get in the car of your choice to do your own laps.A few initial tips:* Go early.* Play Gran Turismo before you go with the car you want to drive (good practice)* Make sure to do 10 laps. Anything less is just not enough.* Make sure to be prepared to do an extra few laps for a little more money after you're done (good day of deals to add more laps)I had Kenny as my instructor and he was great. He was giving me tips the entire time, yelling out how to go faster or slower based on the turn and adjusting my driving as I go. These guys must be even more nerve racked than you since they could be dealing with horrible drivers. Thank god I'm a great driver! I was almost too careful in the beginning and the instructor said to go even faster which I did. Somewhere along the line, I got my track laptime down to a minute and a second with the Ferrari F430. If I do this next time, I'd like to try the Lambo and the GTR. DO IT.
