4	Discount Tire has always been pretty good to me. I am usually in and out in just over an hour.. They keep my car history and they are honest about my tires. They don't try to upsell me and they have good magazines in the waiting area. If they had wifi I would give them 5 stars.
5	I only came here to get air in my tires since the warning light was on. It was fast, free, and the customer service was excellent! The tires on display looked quality and competitively priced. Discount does always seem to excel at service and cost.
1	Can you give negative stars? This place deserves -5 stars in my opinion. The manager couldn't have been less helpful or personable.
4	Love the customer service.
4	Discount Tire has always been a reliable source for all my tire needs over the last 7 or 8 years. This particular location has proven to be just as good as the one I dealt with I was living in Illinois. It is rare that you find a place that just simply does what they say they are going to do. Check your Tire pressure.....no upsell.....Check your Tire Tread....no upsell....recommend Tire alternatives.....no upsell....offer you there expertise for free and still NO UPSELL. If all other business' done this life would be sooooooo good....LOL!!!! The staff at this location is awesome and knowledgeable....and they will make sure that your tires are in the very best condition possible. The prices are fair and they won't be undersold......however this review would not be complete without mentioning the warranty.I had an issue with one of my Tires on my Jeep Cherokee a few months back. Since I bought the tires at Discount naturally I took it there to get the tire either fixed or replaced. Well it couldn't be fixed like I figured so it had to be replaced. Now considering the tires are 6 yrs old I figured there might be a little cost despite my lifetime warranty. You see as it turns out most manufacturers warranties run out after 6 yrs despite the fact that I have a lifetime warranty on all of my tires. Turns out that was no big deal because I only paid 22 bucks for a 169.00 tire give a take a few bucks.....THAT'S RIGHT ONLY 22 BUCKS people. The service was quick and easy and I even got the upgraded version of the tire because they don't make mine anymore....wow I was very happy to say the least.I know there are many choices out there to purchase tires....but you will be hard pressed to find anyone better than Discount Tire. So for all of your Tire needs give them a try....and remember as always.....Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
4	Always good service
5	I recently drove over freshly laid asphalt-I was not aware it was fresh and still hot, there weren't any construction signs.  Needless to say, all four tires were coated in a thick layer of asphalt.  I drove about 30 miles on this and it still hadn't all come off so I went to Discount to have the tires checked out and make sure it hadn't melted the tread.  They pulled my car into the bay and scraped off as much as they could of the remaining asphalt!  No charge!  My car is new so the tires are original, no Discount Tires on it yet but they still did this service for me.  I thought this was exemplary customer service and it's why I've used Discount Tire for years!
4	How can you say anything bad about Discount Tire?  They check your tires for free, they event fix the flat or if you have a small hole in your tires.  Unlike Sears and/or any other places, they charge you for the service and you don't even get the money back if you purchase tires from them.  I usually go to Discount Tire once every 3 months to check my air pressures, you are in and out in under 5 minutes.  Feel free to compare between Costco, Sam's Club, and Discount Tire.  I know for sure that you'll come here!
2	Wow what an experience. I went in for their free air pressure check. He told me I needed 4 new tires. Now I had just gotten theses tires from them about a year and a half ago so I thought it must be because I'm a girl and he's trying to snow me. So I happened to be getting my oil changed by my mechanic whom I've been using for many years and he even said I needed tires.  So it just so happens that I get an email for a Black Friday deal saying if I buy 4 tires online and make an appointment to have them installed I get $50 bucks off. Ok. That works. So I buy the tires and make the appt for the next day. I go. I get them put on. The guy says wow you really didn't get a lot of mileage on these. We will submit them to Yokohama and they'll prorate it for you. Since it was Saturday they couldn't do it that day. So my total was $492. That's with the $50 discount for 4 Michelins. So Monday comes and I get a message saying the guy I had wasn't working that day and he'd take care of it Tuesday. Ok I thought it was nice that they took the time to let me know. So I stop in on Tuesday and my guy calls the company right there. He refunds my $492 and the new charge was $173. They were 80k mile tires that only lasted 17k so I got most of it back. Then I said but what about the Black Friday discount?  He said well you're already getting them for $173. I felt intimidated so I accepted it and left. The more I thought about it the more annoyed I got. After all, I did what I was supposed to do for that deal. He said they would have to eat the amount I was refunded because the tires didn't get saved. Someone disposed of them.  Not my fault either. So I went back. A new guy helped me. I explained. He pulled up the info. He got my guy. He said does this amount reflect the $50 off?  My guy hesitates. Looks at me. I say nothing. He knows. I know. He says well we're eating the prorated amount because the tires were disposed of. New guy says that doesn't matter. Does it reflect the $50?  My guy says- I guess not. New guy gives me the refund. 4 new Michelin tires for $123. ;-) Just beware people.
5	Went in today to get two new tires after I found a nail on the side wall of one of my rear ones. Showed up at 5:15 and was out the door by 5:45. Kyle was awesome and helped get me some tires that were better than the lower quality ones I was going to get for just six bucks more. So that was awesome.Overall a good, quick experience. Will definitely be back for a rotation, inspection, etc. when needed.
5	Great service and talk to Wyatt or Chris. They did a flat repair and balance for free on a tire I did not purchase there. Going to be returning with my other cars.
2	I'm losing faith in this brand.  I scheduled an appointment for new tires and when I arrived I was treated very rudely by Kyle telling me I had to move my vehicle from in front of the building, yet when others parked in the same place, nothing was said to them.  When my car was finally taken in, 30 minutes past my appointment time, it only took 15 minutes for them to install the tires and I was out the door.  I contacted the corporate office about the appointment situation, it'll be interesting to hear what they say.
1	Failed me a couple times. Never properly balanced my tires, they're friendly up until you're done emptying your pockets, then when it comes time to ask them to fix their mistakes you become filth to them. Next time it's Costco or anywhere else but here. The manager was cool to call back and offer to have them balance my brand new set of Pathfinder tires a third time but "fool me twice". I paid for my tires to be balanced elsewhere and all is good now.
5	Another great service experience at a Discount Tire location!I called on Saturday morning to see if I could make an appointment to get my tires rotated and they asked how soon I could get there. When I arrived, they met me in the parking lot, greeted my by name, and got my car into the bay immediately. Less than 20 minutes later I was on my way with freshly rotated tires and a reminder of why I never buy tires anywhere other than Discount!
5	I've always had good service from Discount Tire but yesterday and today I had great service.  I went in just to air up my tires and Justin found a nail, did a thorough inspection for tread wear and took the time to talk to me about balance and rotating.  Got me in and out this morning quick and easy as you please for the service and repair, all free of charge.  Justin went above and beyond in my opinion and that's what keeps me coming back to Discount Tire.
