1	I thought I would try Big O Tires to save some money. I would have rather paid double then what I went through. The manager is a good guy but that's the only good thing I can say. Dropped it off Wednesday evening for 2 new tires and an alignment. He said they could have it done in less than 2 hours. He took information off my car and said he would call. We ran an errand and went home since we still had over an hour. As soon as we pulled in our driveway they called saying its all ready (it had only been about 45 min). We turned around and went back. My spouse dropped me off and headed home. When I went in the manager said good news, we were only able to do the tires because the guy who has the tool we need to do your alignment is off today so bring it back tomorrow. I was so upset and asked why he didn't tell me this on the phone as I would have told him to keep it overnight. He said he assumed I would want to take the car. Long story short, I had to call my spouse to come back for me and was upset we wasted our time. The next day at work I get a call and they said its all done. I work it out so I can leave a little early, hitch a ride with a co-worker again to get dropped off to pick up my car. As we pull in they call me. "You're going to be upset but we just noticed one of the other tires that weren't replaced is splitting and it needs to be replaced. Since I was already there I walked in mad as hell. They had called and said it was good hours ago. The manager apologized again and took the alignment off the bill. I was grateful but told them I'm not giving them another dime, I'll go somewhere else for the other tire. The manager gave me a bunch of excuses and said this is not normal for them and begged for me to give them another chance. He said if I buy the new tire from them they'll give me the 4th for free. I decided to give them another chance and said I will bring it in in 2 days (Saturday).I brought it in today,2 hours later they call said its ready. I pick it up, drive away and the car starts pulling to right again! I turned around and had to wait while they fixed it. I would never never never go back.
1	Worst experience. Terrible. Went in for an oil change and tire rotation. No appointment. Asked approximate time and was told 90 minutes. Ok, no problem, there are a few cars ahead of me, I get it. Car gets taken to get serviced after about an hour and 40 minutes. After 40 more minutes I get told that 2 of my tire studs and lugs are stripped and need to be replaced and "another tire is barely on" and they refuse to touch it (it also needed a new stud but for some reason they couldn't do that one?). I get quoted an estimate of 30 minutes for that. Yeah, it took them over an hour to do it. No updates, nothing. I walked outside the shop a few times to see nothing being done to my car. I wasted 3.5 hours at this "shop" for what should have taken much less time. I will never go back, poor customer service. Guess that's what I get for not doing it myself.
1	Have Big O Bigfoots all around on my truck.  One on the rear came apart on the freeway, the entire tread came off and damaged the rear wheel well and quarter panel.  Tires were still under warranty and I even had extended coverage.  Waited for an hour last week to find they didn't have the tire in the store!   Been about a month since the blowout and getting jerked around by their insurance so feeling like I'm SOL on the damages.  Ahhh insurance companies and lawyers what keeps our country great!
1	Traveling cross country from Cali. Blew a belt, stopped at closest tire co.  Wish I would have read reviews before stopping. I would have limped it along to next tire shop. Service manager said he had tires in stock. Hour half later he tells us, sorry we only have 3 of 4 and we have already mounted 2 of them. He told us that he would have to order 4th tire from shop tomorrow. So had to stay another night in town. Next day he never called after he told us he would. We had to call him two times for info. I questioned him on his lack of professionalism. Guess he didn't like that b cuz I never received an apology, no discount, no nothing for the inconvenience that Johnny put us thru. Take heed
