4	I took my children and my mother to Pioneer. I love giving my children history, especially local history.Boy is there plenty of it here!To quote another Yelper's review;"Screw Rawhide- come see the real deal!"http://www.yelp.com/biz/pioneer-living-history-village-phoenix#hrid:Ww3p283AMifbSn4sj-E-YAThe museum covers what was once an actual village or town prior to and just after the turn of the 20th century, Pioneer Arizona.Many of the buildings are original structures from the town, while others are recreations or were brought in from other areas of Arizona.The museum covers a large expanse of land and there is quite a bit of walking involved if you want to see everything.But it's WORTH IT!We spent about 5 or 6 hours there, finishing off our day at the adjacent restaurant, enjoying an ice cold Sioux City Sarsaparilla! (well, I enjoyed, my daughters turned up their noses)We broke up the day with a nice picnic at the available tables.There is a live blacksmith shop on-site who makes nails while you watch. There is an event area where they perform, but it was being worked on the day we visited, so no gunfights.The close proximity to downtown Phoenix makes it an ideal destination for tourists and locals alike. MUCH closer, and MUCH more enjoyable than I imagine Rawhide is. (now, anyway. I haven't been to Rawhide since they moved)A MUST SEE!
4	Recommend this entry be merged with Pioneer Living History Village;http://www.yelp.com/biz/pioneer-living-history-village-phoenix#hrid:pY7yIpW9ClU0ctztyhE88A/src:self
4	Thanksgiving was yesterday, and somehow the Pioneer Living History Village seems like an appropriate Black Friday activity.  I'm thankful that our community puts forth the effort to preserve our history on a 90 acre plot of land that seems further away from Phoenix than it should be, but what I'm most thankful for is that I wasn't born during the nineteenth century.  That's no Yelp people.  Yeah, it's hard to imagine.  And water fountains, I'm thankful for water fountains because I live in Arizona and don't always have a water bottle.  And Thanksgiving leftovers for lunch with my family on a bench in the Pioneer Living History Village, that's nice.  And I'm thankful for the fake man in the outhouse because he was funny.Thankfully, the need for hand holding and entertaining my six year old daughter as we walked around the village was minimal.  I was a little worried at the start as the Victorian House with a child's room containing toys and a baby's room with dolls and a carriage didn't catch her attention.  Probably because it was a look from the doorway and no touching affair.  However, the blacksmith made a metal hook for hanging clothes right in front of us to demonstrate the forge and then gave it to my daughter; we were set for the rest of the village.  A few lizards and no snakes later, we were doing pretty well.  The cemetery led to some questions about life, or maybe it was death, and we enjoyed seeing the schoolhouse on a non-school day.  How crazy is that?In case you didn't know, you can't call yourself an Arizonian unless you've attended at least one gunfight, staged or otherwise.  So we waited another 30 minutes to catch the show.  By far the worst gun show I have ever seen, but a gun show nonetheless.  The gun safety talk at the beginning is a nice touch, and at the end of the gun show there is a lot of shooting.  And most of the people seem to be volunteers, so don't give them a hard time.  It's all good fun.The buildings were restored or recreated, and the restored buildings were moved to the village from various locations (e.g., Phoenix, Glendale, Globe).  So the people who lived in one house were not neighbors with the people in the house next door.  You can only enter most of the buildings when a volunteer is present.  So you may want to go on a day that would be busy, like Black Friday.And on a final note, the mothballs are to keep the bats away and I'm not even going to tell you what they do to Diet Coke cans.  Okay, I'll tell you.  They shoot them with blanks.  Blam!!  Point blank range.  And then you get the idea that maybe you don't want to take a blank in the chest at point blank range.  And then they tell you that you don't want to take a blank in the chest at point blank range.  That's that gun safety talk I was extolling earlier.
1	Our group of 4 adults went on the morning of Mar 17.  The concept is appealing and some of the items interesting.  The blacksmith was great.  However this venture is dependant on volunteers and even though this was a Saturday morning there were not enough volunteers to have the "gun fight".  The cost is modest and parking free.  I would not recommend it.
4	I went here a couple of weeks ago as a chaperone for a 3rd grade class.  The same day we were there, there were 2 other schools.  The place was adequately staffed enough to put on a 7 person gunfight.  Most of those volunteers worked elsewhere on the compound (ie the blacksmith and sheriff also did the shootout.)  The "museum" is quite large, almost entirely outdoors - so do not plan this on a hot and sunny day.   Most of the buildings w'ere deconstructed and shipped there from other parts of Arizona.  All of the buildings have a decent amount of information posted on/near the front explaining the building's origins, history, and use.  Everything from a farm, to a church, to a school, homes, root cellars, sheriff,  cemetery, bakery (worst exhibit imho,) and the list goes on and on.  However, you can't go inside most of the buildings.  Most are blocked off (to preserve the antique items inside presumably.)Their website is awful.  Don't even bother.  If you go, as I mentioned, it's all out in the elements.  Beware.  But you can bring your own lunch, which you can enjoy in the town square under one of several giant shade trees.  My 8 year old son enjoyed it and would like to go back.  However, as a mother of 4 kids, I know more kids will not enjoy this than will -- but it's a great place to take out-of-towners and history buffs.
5	This is a great way for all to learn the way things were done years ago and the great advances in the way they are done today.
2	The people working were rude, the buildings were all closed and I would not return. Save your time, money and gas. My advice if you go, ask how many volunteers are there that day. The town is a group of small buildings that are only opened if manned by volunteers.  We were told when we went they would unlock anything that was locked, so when we asked they were very rude and yelled that they would not. Over half were locked. They should have a lower rate if you can't look in the buildings. Some didn't even have windows. They then told us we could piggy back with a tour that was going through, so we did. One if the tour guides told us "move! We have a tour here!!!" I believe we paid as much as they did, so there is no need to shove us out of the way. The people working were rude, the buildings were all closed and I would not return. Save your time, money and gas.
1	Came here on a groupon for pumpkin patch. ...total rip off. The pumpkin is worth a dime and they hassle u and follow u around.
4	Want to see an alleged haunted house from 1885 that ghosts at night warn the living, "Get out"?Want to see wreaths made of braided/woven human hair from 19th century?Try your luck in panning for gold flakes/nuggets?How about having a staff member fart in your face while helping him hang an old hand saw??If any of these remotely appeal to you, then head on up (or down) to Anthem's Pioneer History Museum! Price is steep, but get a Groupon. Oh, and go visit their pumpkin farm!
3	My mom found a deal chicken or living social or groupon or some trash... So she covered our admission which was awesome. Thanks ma! Me, Buddha, my sister, nephew, brother's GF, and her twin daughters went. Really just for the pumpkin patch... Waste of time. It was a super lame excuse for a pumpkin patch. There was a pony ride and a hay maze that the kids loved but that's about it. The museum itself is actually really cool and there is also a gunfight that is corny but worth sitting through. I remember taking field trips here when I was a wee lass! I think we probably went when it was cooler out though. Regardless it was a fun time and I got some amazing photos of the kids running around like lunatics.I would definitely take my kid to lock him up in jail when its cooler. Perhaps flirt with a cowboy :)
2	Can only assume we got skunked because of the Harvest Festival going on this weekend. We had a groupon for admission for 4, but they only credited us the amount we paid, and charged us an additional $38 for an opportunity to buy more stuff, as everything interesting required extra tickets. Food was all at carnival-like stands and expensive ($3.50 for the smallest snow cone). It seemed everything was extra-- if I'd had children with me it would have been a very very expensive afternoon. The buildings were interesting but unfortunately most of the buildings were closed and only one had a guide-- the blacksmith.  All in all it was something of a rip-off, IMHO. Might be worth it if was actually open and they didn't whack the price up for nothing. Save your money, mom and dad-- your kids will probably go on a school trip!
5	I was skeptical after I read Yelp reviews, but pleasantly surprised after going! Really neat and historical. Everyone was so nice and helpful. I had a DealChicken coupon and had no problem using it. Great place just north of Phoenix!
