5	I walked into this Planet Fitness and was impressed with what I saw. Rows upon rows of cardio machines, various weight machines, free weights, all brand spankin' new. There are 2 different memberships, both very reasonable and lower than the cost of a typical gym membership. The basic one gives you access to only your "home" gym, while the upgraded membership gives you access to all the gyms nationwide, and various freebies such as unlimited tanning and hydromassage. There are various disinfectant stations nicely spread throughout the gym to clean the machines, and each area is spread out by function (Cardio, free weights, weight machines separated by muscle group). The vibe here is friendly, with an emphasis on a non-intimidating environment. The best part of the membership is that this location at least is open 24/7!
5	I recently joined this fitness club. The gym is very clean and staff is very friendly. Victoria, at the reception counter, is a very friendly lady. She explaained the membership benefits and  signed me up. I took a tour of the facility and  found it had all the necessary fitness  machines.Janelle, a health instructor , is very friendly and knowledgeable lady. She demonstrated the use of many machines ( for abs and arms)  I wanted to use. She is very helpful and  goes beyond the call of her duty. The club is open 24/7 and has excellent staff.
5	Just joined this week, the staff is great. They have a lot of machines and a free weight area. Just average people working out. It's nice and clean as well.
5	No lunks!How about another five star review for this place?A "lunk" is PF's caricature for the gruff sort of guy who hangs out at gyms, slams his weights, grunts, drinks out of a gallon water container, and laughs at your small muscles (it's called "gymtimidation").  Show any of these traits at this PF, and they will literally set off an alarm bell with a blue siren (the "lunk alarm").  I saw it go off once on a guy who grunted in the weights area.The whole shtick is that this isn't a gym, it is Planet Fitness.  You know, I like that.  The folks here are really friendly, the prices are right, and they have pretty much any piece of equipment you would need to get in shape.  Busy?  Try their 30 minute workout--perfectly paced to shape you up in your limited schedule.  You can also try their infrared and UV booths, as well as water jet massage tables and massage chairs.It's open 24 hours a day, every day except principal holidays.  If you need to get in shape, strengthen those biceps, or lose a few pounds (or 10, or 20, or 50), you can get what you want here, no pressure.
3	Its def not bodybuilder friendly... There free weights only go. Up to like 65, and Theres no barbells... Only smith machines and machines for everything... Theres even a sign saying no gallons of water and no grunting!.. Lmao...overall it seems a good deal of amentities for the price
5	This place is great, it gets plenty of people coming in and out but not so much that it get too crowded like 24 hours or even LA Fitness. The staff is great in keeping the equipment clean as well as the establishment, they're very nice and they're courteous.People tend to focus on themselves here (which is an awesome thing). There are some who are social and since I haven't met a single person who are the "grunt" type. You know the yelling and screaming and the fist pumping types.I like working out here, I just zone out and do my own thing. Aside from having 1 certified trainer here this place is great. Get in here and jump start your new body!
4	I love this place. The machines  are great and there are plenty of them. You cannot beat the price and it is 24 hours so anyone can go. My only complaint is some of the staff members. Some of them seem bored with their job and it is an inconvenience for them when we come in. If this is a judgment free zone, someone should let them know.
2	This place is a big disappointment, especially considering the positive experience I had in the 2 years I had a membership at a Planet Fitness back east.First off, let me say I'm an alumni of Gold's Gym and other gyms where there really is an annoying atmosphere of jockos and jerks who make gym-going irritating. That said and the fact I was a patron of PF in the past, I understand and am fine with the "No lunks" mentality.HOWEVER, I was surprised at sign-up how such an ostensibly tolerant place could seriously have a sign when you first walk in with so many "NO"s on it; no this, no that. I should've headed the other way when I saw two, in particular: "No dead lifts" and "No gallon water jugs." (I've never actually seen anybody with gallon water jugs at a gym, even a lunk-filled gym...but I still kind of read this as "NO WATER.")Now, I know dead lifts can be irritating as the stuff slams and I myself don't like them because you have to have good form to not jack your back, but come on; they're a good exercise. The real point I'm trying to make here, and one I was lied about on, is that they do not have barbells of any kind. I should have taken a tour, but the guy assured me they do have barbells. Well, I guess if you consider Smith machines barbells, they have them. I mean, you can't even do a simple thing like a barbell bench press, unless you want all the stabilizing done for you. I'm no bodybuilding brah, but THAT'S WEAK, BRAH.I'm not sure if this is a new thing at PF, as my old PF had barbells and reasonable people were doing squats, dead lifts, and bench presses without being "lunks," but I guess we just can't be trusted to be reasonable, anymore.Next, the placement of things in this particular PF is annoying. It seems you have to walk here there and everywhere to find different things. Some leg machines are in the middle of the gym in this weird area ahead of the treadmills, others are behind this cordoned-off zone, et cetera. Minor gripes, but highly irritating when you don't have a lot of time to gym-it-up like I don't.I also got told to not run barefoot on the treadmill, though I was wearing clean socks. I dunno if it's some policy thing or they just think I'm a dirtball, but I thought it was kind of dumb.Anyway, my main thing here is I haven't had a gym membership for about a year; I was using the gym at the apartments I was residing in Paradise Valley before I moved to Tempe, and had been waiting to get to a "real gym" with barbells at the very least. It's just kinda sad that this place actually feels like a step down from the apartment gym, and that I'm paying for it.On the plus side (maybe) they have red light therapy and massage chairs and are open 24 hours, but if you're looking to work out like I am those are kinda neat frills, but not a viable concession for not having the most basic of gym equipment.
5	Great Staff, Great equipment, great atmosphere, Great look.... great value...
4	Great gym!24 hours!Downside - if you lift there's tons of people on weights on the traditional MWF routine, however it dies down around 11pm. ALWAYS slow on sundays!Yes the front staff don't care, seem annoyed but whatever they're receptionists at a gym. They're not here for entertainment.
3	I enjoy feeling good. I know for a fact that the best way to feel really good is to look super suave. Now if you have a potbelly, that's not suave...it's more John Candy-ish...Just saying. Enter into the equation this gym, where anyone can feel at home. It has its perks and a few quirks as well. Let's grunt hard on this review...and get to it..go HARDER! HARDER! PUSH PUSH PUSH PUSH IT OUT! ~What To Do~You can work out here at the gym. There are no extracurricular activities like swimming, or a basketball/multi-use court. They do have, the Black Card lounge  where you can get a tan, choose from a variety of massages, or use a machine that inexplicably will help tone your skin. They have a bevvy of machines from assisted free-weights to the standard machine-aided fitness options. ~The Good~Like most workout facilities these days, Planet Fitness has a low fee enrollment and offers separate packages to suit different clients needs. I am a Black Card holder, so I am entitled to their massage chairs which really do the trick if you are knotted up...plus the payments are simple @ $20 /month and the contract is nothing to snuff about. They have enough machines that you almost never have to call next, save for the Smith Press' they have out. I also have to say: This is by FAR and away the cleanest gym I have ever seen. It is spotless, even the showers are immaculate each time I go in. Same with the walkways and machines, always are brightly shined and no evidence of wear. The atmosphere at this gym is very relaxed, like they say: No Lunks! Simply put, they do not take any Macho Man weight lifters intimidating clientele. I must concur that I definitely feel comfortable as I slowly gain strength, and have never once felt awkward or out of place.~The Bad~There is not much, but they are important. I must knock them for a couple things. First off their consistent need to be inclusive is a bit much for me. The bagel and pizza days earn an automatic star off, just for hosting those. There is no reason to have that....none. Since when are you supposed to encourage us to eat these carbs and fat laden foods?  Also they have NO scales, and demand that I do not "grunt it out" if on a tough set. That's another star off. Its just the lack of interest in those who are truly here to work out, that irks me. ~The Downlow~I mean....this is more indicative of 3.5 stars, but as always, there are no half stars. If you are a gym rat and really tear the gym apart with your workouts: STAY AWAY. This place is for those content with losing some weight, gaining some muscles and not doing so in a hardcore manner. The lack of some equipment is definitely off-putting for some who train in gyms, as is the fact that they only go up to certain weights for the dumbells. I am not at that level yet, bu I know for a fact that dumbells and such go much higher. They also lose stars for attempting to appeal to the Average Joe...Honestly this place is clean, always open, and the staff are friendly. No trainers walk around haggling you to join with them....Overall a great place to work out, with a few things that may/may not put you off a bit
4	The ONLY reason I give PF 4 stars and not 5 is that there's no steam room. Maybe i'm stuck in the 70's but man do i love a steam room. That aside, I love PF for lots of reasons. There are TONS of cardio equipment (up bike, down bike...what, i don't know the correct terms, just stay with me...treads, ellipticals, stairs and these machines of horrid torture that make you look like a galloping antelope) so there's never a wait. There's a 30-minute ab area, a 30-minute circuit area, stretching machines, free weights, and lots of other muscle-strengthening/building/toning machines. All that for $10/month, and it's open 24/7. Superduper sweet deal! Best part? They have a rule about not showing off or being a loud meathead. They really want everyone to feel comfortable there, despite their fitness level (and mine is bordering on pathetic currently). If you want a little pampering, for an additional $10/month, you can be a Black Card holder and have access to unlimited tanning beds (both standing and lying), hydro massage tables (oooooh yes yes yes) and massage chairs, but best of all....the "Beauty Angel," aka Total Body Enhancement. That's some weird business right there. Don't get me wrong; i love it and use it often, but if you really want to be freaked out, just get inside that thing and turn it on. Don your tanning goggles, step inside the chamber, place your feet on the foot-shaped plate in the center of the floor, pull the door closed, and hit "start." A hypnotic female voice gently tells you that your "vibrashake" session will begin shortly. MAKE SURE YOU PEE FIRST before doing the Beauty Angel. Trust me. Upon hitting the START button, brilliant red lights come on which help stimulate collagen production and help you stay looking young. But that's not the best or weirdest part. The "vibrashake" starts and you feel as if you're either about to launch into space, or be shaken into a mushy pile of boneless goo. Or both. It's a little scary and unsettling at first. Stay with it, though. Once the fear subsides, it actually becomes really relaxing. Whether or not it actually helps reduce cellulite, as it claims, it's so bizarre and fascinating that i just don't care.
4	Basic gym, not a lot of frills, priced accordingly. The good: Plenty of machines, the place is clean, always open,  with the Black Card membership hydro massage beds, red light therapy, and tanning are free and unlimited. The not-so-good: Front desk staff seems annoyed with life, barcode scanner on cards would be helpful, more free weights and Smith machines would be utilized, better flow and placement of machines would be very appreciatedThe bad: bowls of candy on the desk, pizza and bagel parties, Fox News constantly on several of the TVs.
1	I would not recommend this gym.  They say they want to portray an imagine of normal people and not the typical gym type. I went in there to cancel my auto draft and there is this buff and built guy at the desk.  Plus in order to cancel my auto draft it needed to be done by today so I went out of my way to come here to cancel and was told only a manager can stop autodraft and he isn't here till Monday which by then it will be to late.  Wth? I would spend the extra money and go to fitness forum. They have pool. .Jacuzzi and sauna and stream room.  So worth the extra $10
5	I used to attend LA fitness however I work until 11pm and am not able to use the gym as much as I would have liked.  I signed up for Planet Fitness and I love it!  I usually go 3 to 4 days a week from 11:30P to 1am and it is never busy at that time.  I'm not sure what the day time reception is like but Robert who works overnight is such an asset.  He is always wearing a smile and willing to help with anything I might need, you're awesome! :)The gym is very clean and has all the equipment I personally need.
3	Gym is great I love coming here. Although my first day signing up the staff made me not want to sign up at all. I was ready to walk out the door. I just signed up anyways because the black card deal is awesome! I've been coming here for a little while now and staff is still rude. They make it seem like they hate life and everyone in the gym. They all stand around behind the front desk and gossip. It's so annoying!!! I work in a food place where the customer is my number one priority! They don't make it seem that way at all. I can say that none of the girl workers have ever been rude, it's the guys!! The big buff guy that rides a yellow motorcycle. So serious, can never crack a smile and is just so unpleasant to be around. There's only like 2 guys that are so sweet and actually seem like they care. Maybe they're faking it but f*** at least that makes me want to continue going there! That's the only thing I can complain about. The guys! If you can't be nice to customers then obviously CUSTOMER SERVICE isn't for you and you should not work at the gym! Get it together sweiously.
3	The moto I don't really understand. I see plenty of dirty looks being given, people grunting, slamming weights, and girls wearing those tanks with the arm holes cut down to the waist and whole stomachs showing. I thought these were the things you're not suppose to see at this gym. I signed up because I was hoping not to be in a gym where people dress like this. Hmmm.... I do however like how clean the gym is, the tanning and that it's not always so packed you have to wait. Other than that, they should ring that alarm a little more and deny the "fitness model look a likes" at the door.
3	Im wondering what Planet Fitness is able to do in order to enforce the "no gymtimidation" philosophy. ... ? Upon joining,  the gym really did seem like a judgement free zone,  but now,  it seems to be full of the exact type of clientele they make fun of in their commercials. I've seen this change over the course of a year at this location,  and it's getting out of hand. "Lunks" are becoming the norm,  and PF staff seem to be not only okay with this,  but completely on board.  I miss the "gymtimidation free zone". Anyone else notice these things?
5	I love this place. I'm here several times a week and it has become my home away from home haha. The staff is very friendly and is always quick to service you. The gym (locker rooms included) is spotless and that is always a plus. The equipment is excellent and hardly ever out of order. Plenty of weight training and ab equipment. Did I mention it's treadmill galore, and elliptical trainer heaven here? So finding a spot open won't be a big deal :). Although I will say, it does get a bit crowded in the weight training and specialty areas around 5pm-8pm, so plan accordingly. As for the clientele it varies, from your typical college students trying to get a work out in between classes/work to the many colors of blue/white/pink collar workers and senior citizens furthering their longevity. Not exactly family oriented because it is a gym but sometimes minors will be there with family (which I think is awesome because it's never a bad idea to factor fitness into your life...regardless of your age). Basically your everyday person is in there and it makes for a comfortable environment to exercise. But! sometimes the occasional "lunk" does appear and it sometimes does become a little overbearing to work out with them. I do try to not let it affect me too much because I'm there to exercise, not compete. ~*Focus*~, is the key to obtaining the results you want so don't let these people "gymtimidate" you. Overall it's a great place to slim down, add a little bulk and not get too crazy.  I highly recommend you check it out, I'm sure you will enjoy the experience. GO PLANET FITNESS!Oh! They also have message chairs (kinda like the ones at Brookstone) and hydro-message  beds. Which are great for releasing tension after an intense work out(: So definitely utilize those amenities if you have the black card membership.
5	I've been a member for 2 months now and I LOVE it! I like walking in and seeing all types of bodies, just normal people trying to get healthy and workout. No ASU meatheads! The staff is super friendly and helpful. I love that they make eye contact with you and actually great you. LA Fitness has the worst costumer service at front desk, that's why I choose this gym. I am a black card member and the only thing I wish is they would replace is the weird red light total body enhancement with something more useful. 5 STARS PLANET FITNESS! Thank you for helping me lose some weight!
4	I'm a member at the Moon Valley location and I gotta say, this location is so much better. I was on my way to Gilbert and decided to stop in for a workout since I had an hour to spare. The facility was clean and the folks working were very friendly. I wasn't a big fan of "specialty equipment" being in the stretching area. ASU girl working on their inner thigh muscles for the better part of 20 min, It's really congested in there. I prefer Moon Valley where the area is designed for those who are done with their workout to stretch and do abs. But, if both locations were side by side, I'd definitely come here though.
