1	My wife and I stayed at the Phoenician last weekend.  We knew the hotel was on the Conde Naste list for hotels in the US.  Being a Starwood Platinum guest, we were upgraded to a nice suite and the resort was amazing.  Unfortunately, the spa at the Phoenician, the Cenre for Wellbeing, was really just awful.  It was old, had very poor service (no attendant in the locker room), and was really dirty.  We were surprised at how such a nice resort could have such a dingy spa.  We loved our weekend anyway, but decided to stay away from the spa and instead hit the tennis courts and the pools.
3	I've seen worse, I've seen much better, but I was definitely expecting more considering how great the resort was (5 star rating on the resort from me).  The services I got were decent and the technicians were nice.  The receiving area was nice, with fresh fruit, nice chairs but the lockerroom, jacuzzi, shower area was quite old and dingy...just didn't seem to match with the resort which was much to bad.  I was going to book a mud bath at another resort and next time I stay there, I may have to skip out on the spa.  Makeover time in there.
5	I don't know if this place got made-over since the last reviewers visited, or if I have way lower standards, but I had a wonderful experience here at the Centre for Wellbeing.  The Phoenician is a beautiful resort, right next to Camelback Mountain.  Once we found the spa, we received a friendly welcome and were shown right into the locker rooms.  The locker rooms were clean and warmly decorated, WITH attendants.  I didn't use the jacuzzi or steam room, but they looked nice enough.After changing into a nice thick robe and (hopefully) clean slippers, we waited for our appointments in a waiting room stocked with magazines, flavored ice waters, fruit, and teas.  It was a little weird lounging in towels with strangers, but I guess it's to be expected.  The waiting area has a "meditation room" with a giant sunroof.I opted for the Tranquility Scrub, Wrap, and Massage, which, at 250$ isn't exactly cheap.  My experience was more than worth the hefty price + tip for Rachel, a wonderful attendant.  The whole experience was very relaxing and comfortable (except when, at one point, I got so hot I thought I was going to faint.  My fault entirely for thinking I should suck it up instead of asking Rachel to take some towels off), and my attendant was extremely professional.  After I mentioned the stress in my shoulders, she gave me a deep tissue massage in that area, though the spa package only calls for a Swedish (aka wimpy) massage.My skin's been glowing and soft and wonderfully touchable, and it's been almost a week.  Yum :)
3	The spa was a tad small for my tastes (3 showers, 3 vanities, Mini jacuzzi and small sauna and steam rooms.)  Basically a max occupancy of 3 people at a time in each area.  Our group consisted of 5 so we had to wait and take turns.  Services are overpriced as with any resort.
3	4 stars is what you get when I would certainly come back.  5 stars is what you get when I would absolutely go out of my way to come back.  3 stars is what you get when you say "gee I'm glad I did it, but I wouldn't partake in it again for sure."  The Centre for Well Being is definitely the last of those.While I had a nice massage added onto a lime and coconut scrub, the experience didn't leave me with a totally satisfied feeling.  Maybe it was because it was my first scrub and I had unrealistic expectations.  Maybe it was because I wasn't sure I was even getting lime and coconut, because the aromas didn't explode into the treatment room.  But it was probably becuase my technician killed the back of arms rubbing them absolutely raw.  Maybe it wasn't her, maybe it was my sensitive skin, but I react well to the sun and didn't think it should hurt that much.The massage was incredible, I will say that.  Five stars there.  However, all in all, I felt like I overpaid for what I got.  $300 for 1.5 hours is just too much.  On the other hand, I have paid for massage services at the MGM in Vegas and had an overwhelmingly positive experience.
4	yes, it is a little dated, but just about all of the therapists have been there since the original opening and are passionate about what they do.  I had an amazing massage and a truly relaxing experience.
5	In need of a Spa Day, I choose the Phoenician Spa as a special pampering treat based on many recommendations and beautiful views of the mountain. A feeling of escape within my reach.When I called to book, I was recommended the Desert Scrub, Wrap and Massage. I wanted to quench this dry winter skin. I added on a facial. I wanted the works. It is so peaceful and welcoming here. The staff was very helpful and guided me through my day. I steamed and relaxed in the sitting area. Love the snacks!My treatments were indulgent. I felt like a queen. I also liked that I did not have chatty therapists. The scrub and massage is a must! The facial was relaxing and informative. I was recommended some products without her being pushy.Summertime I will be back! I want to experience the pool as well as some energy work. Ladies in the lockerroom raved about it.
5	We were visiting over Valentine's day since my husband had a conference in Scottsdale. My review is for the spa, which is called "The Center for Well-Being" and hotel "The Phoenician".The Center for Well-being was EXACTLY what I needed after being in need of a serious facial, wax, and full-body massage, wrap, and scrub!All of the front reception staff was SUPER friendly and helpful in booking an experience and giving opinions on exactly what I'm looking for.I got an AMAZING Clarifying Infusion facial with MaryAnn. She was absolutely fantastic and after getting dozens of facial, she literally was the most scientific in her explanation of exactly what product she was using and what it does. The facial was a bit pricier than what I normally spend ($200), but it was TOTALLY worth it with the hyperbaric oxygen they use, which is basically a really cool stream of concentrated oxygen that she gently used all of your face (for roughly 15 minutes of the session...so it's really effective) and it's supposed to reduce bacteria. The description claims you will see results in ONE DAY and I REALLY did! My husband literally saw me and said my skin looked like it did on the wedding day! I actually saw MaryAnn the next day for a wax and she was stunned to see how impressive the results were. I cannot recommend this treatment enough if you are somebody that has adult acne and needs help. I bought all the products she recommended and have been using them at home and literally BARELY break out now after wax treatments because of the products I'm using! It's been a life changer for me.I also really loved my Desert Serenity Scrub, Wrap and Massage with Amy. It's their signature treatment - and I can see why. I LOVED the fact that the shower is within the treatment room so between the scrub and after the wrap you get to take a quick shower. It was uber relaxing and my skin felt super smooth and rejuvenated and the massage was fabulous.I also wanted to comment on the facilities based on the some of the reviews I had read on Yelp. I'm a professional commercial interior designer, and I think they have done some real renovating and what I saw was really fresh design in most of the areas and in other areas may need some further updating, but nothing that AT ALL would deter from you going there!
5	A great little oasis to steam, sauna, shower, and shave while at the resort. It's included in the resort fee. My favorite part is since it's gender segregated you don't need to wear a bathing suit. Ideal for nudists like me!
3	I've been to my share of local spas, so all are held to the standard of Joya.  This one really loses some points with me with not really having a menu.  If I'm going to spa for a half day, I want mimosas and maybe a light breakfast.  This spa offers a 25 dollar bento box with a ton of food. You can't even order just the yogurt parfait. They do have complimentary tea and fruit though. My 80 min Swedish massage was very nice Locker rooms were good.  Mediation area was also nice.  I thought the other waiting area could be improved.  Kinda small. Chairs were not cozy. Free parking is nice. No need to valet.   So the main drawback for me is the lack of food service.  They did say we could order from the other restaurants but none opened until at least 10 am or later.
2	I'm a local and have been trying out various hotel spas over the summer.  The Centre for Wellbeing was the most disappointing spa I went to.  No spa pool (unlike the Princess, Aji, etc) the spa is actually underground so there isn't any outdoor space, unless you count the waiting area that has a glass ceiling to let light in. No menu/food and I apparently decided to go on a very bad day because the sauna was out of order on 9/25 (which is one of the main reasons I go to a spa- I can get massages anywhere), my toilet didn't flush when I used it, etc.  I got 4 text messages reminding me of my appointment, I think it would have been nice to get a heads up that the sauna was out of order and see if I wanted to reschedule? For the money, this place was a huge disappointment. The facility is dated, dark and lacking. Massage was average, overall experience was bad.
1	I visited the Centre for Well Being for a spa day this weekend, and was disappointed for the most part.  Of all the spas I've experienced (both resort and otherwise), I have never, ever had to sit through such a "hard sell" of their products.  I understand that the aestheticians earn commission on what the sell, but come on - what is this, Ulta??  Sue did my facial, and she talked non stop about how terrible my existing products are, and about how I really needed to buy the products that she was using on my face.  She told me at one point that I needed to stay away from wine, spicy food, and sun.  I was like well, that's not going to happen, and she actually gave me the "tsk, tsk."  Are you kidding me?  I'll stick with the Royal Palms or the Montelucia, thank you very much.
3	Although my treatment was great and my therapist was good the overall experience was disappointing because the place is so so dated... I was looking forward to spending time there but it really didn't feel like a space where you want to stay and relax.
3	The facility is a little dated, the relaxation room has a nice fountain but the overall look is dull, brown and drab and the overhead sky roof could use a scrub down. I did enjoy the zero gravity chairs. The locker area could use some brightening. Staff and reception ladies were nice enough. I did not use the pool, spa or fitness facilities so cannot speak to those. Got a facial. It was a good facial, the therapist was sweet and explained everything she was doing. I would probably come again for a facial but not for a "spa day" - for that I'd go to Sanctuary or Spa Avenia where the setting is just so beautiful and relaxing.
