5	It's funny how life changes when you get married, or have a child or even buy a house...I used to detest going to Home Depot, so much that it would make me nauseous and sleepy. I would avoid going here like it was a plague. We just bought a house (WOO HOO) and we've spent nearly every weekend, at least 1-2x in the same day at the Home Depot. So much so, that the people working there, like the paint people, know us!!!I don't know what the requirements are to work there, I don't know if they have to have a background in handy man (woman) 201, but they really know their stuff. Always very helpful, very knowledgeable and the paint ppl...there's not much I can't say! I've brought the same gallon of custom paint, 2x, and wanted them to change the color, because the one I had originally chosen, doesn't look good on my walls. No worries, they will adjust the paint until it's to my liking!Did I mention they accept competitor's coupons! I love the Home Depot...maybe my outlook will also change for auto parts stores.
4	Went looking for a universal garage door opener, and ended up getting it cheaper at Wal Mart. For all other purposes though, this is a good HD.
5	I gotta give this location 5 stars because Dave in the plumbing section has helped me out for years. Plus the ladies at the customer service counter always make my daughters balloons. They have a great staff.
4	This HD is very good.  They seem to have knowledgeable people.  When I was putting in my irrigation system a while back I got a lot of good info from their plumbing guy.  Apparently he was a master plumber.On this trip I needed a overheat sensor for a can light.  The lighting guy had a can he said he couldn't sell because it was missing something, and proceeded to rip the sensor out for me.  No charge.  That's customer service!
4	First rate rental tool facility. Never a hassle. Staff is always friendly and willing to answer questions. This Home Depot is the only place I go to tools (lawn machinery, carpet cleaners, chain saws, etc).
5	I definitely had a 5 star customer service here, not only did we find the best price on a front load washer/dryer combo but Ruth, the salesperson there, was super nice with all our questions and knowledge of what we were buying, and she hooked us up with a very nice discount.
4	Theyhave a huge variety of Rust-oleum paints..so many colors to pick from!
4	I have never had a problem finding someone to help me. They seem to have plenty of floor staff always.
5	Whatever you do, do not come here after a few mimosas with your gay bestie.  You'll think you can tackle any home improvement project together.  Bad idea.I always have the best experience with the staff when I come here.  From fixing my toilet to buying paint to planting flowers - these guys have helped me every step of the way.  I usually prefer Lowes to Home Depot but this store is making me change my ways.
3	Not a lot of choices in buying things for your projects so HD or Lowes it is. This particular location typically drags their feet in customer service. I seem to wait around a lot when I'm here & of course I'm always in a hurry when they are at their finest. I just have to remember not to come here when I'm in a hurry cause my OCD will be off the charts. Home Depot-a shot out/thanks for honoring soldiers with your military discount!!!!
5	I visit this home depot quite often, as my house is 5 minutes from it. I have always had a good experience there. The staff is friendly and extremely helpful. They are always willing to guide me in the right direction with whatever I need. Good job!
1	customer service was really rude i was trying to return a simple item with a receipt and they wouldn't help me here told me to go to where i purchased it bc it was out of stock at their place they were rude explaining it and offered me one penny
2	Was really disappointed with the garden department.  They were very limited in the variety of plants and the quality of plants .. especially herbs and succulents.  One of the more frustrating things was that the same employee kept passing me and saying: "Welcome to Home Depot, are you finding everything you need?"For the fifth time the answer is NO! do you have any totem pole cactus and a Meyer Lemon tree?!?!  Geez, don't you remember me?  You just asked me the same darn question 2 minutes ago and my answer was  the same every time.  Looks like HD may need to do a little training...  just saying ...
