4	The best take away I can give you from this place is that even though they are heavy on the 'sports', they still cut a mean head of hair. It may cost more the Best Cuts, Great Clips etc. but you will also look like you didn't just get a $9 hair cut either. The stylist are very friendly and all do a good job. The MVP package is a little pricey for a dude haircut...but you get the whole scalp massage shampoo, hot towel and shoulder massage. It's worth it every once in awhile. TV's right next to the stylist chairs let you keep an eye on the game while taking care of the manscaping that you have going on.
5	Ask for Christina.  Actally, all the girls do a great job!  But, I have found that it's best to have the same person cut my hair so it come out the same each time.   I'm sure I'm not the first person to figure that out.   Haha
4	I love going here to get my haircut.  The staff is very friendly and and I always go for the MVP.  Who can resist the the shampoo message, the hot towel on the face and the shoulder message?
5	Always a good haircut here, and every now and then you can't beat the MVP upgrade
5	Nice facility, great service, and the girls are always friendly. 20% Military discount with ID. Loyal customer for 7 years now.
5	I am usually an Aveda Salon kind of guy but I needed a hair cut and had time to spare on this business trip. This place had great reviews so thought I would give the chain a try.As a new customer they provided all of the upgrades for free (so make certain you mention this when you arrive). The hair stylist was fun, energetic, friendly, and extremely talented. She provided a hot towel for my face, shampoo with scalp massage, and an a really good $17 hair cut. For a man on the go I was really impressed with the quality and value.
5	I've been here a few times and I love the place.  The staff is friendly, knowlegeable, and actually listens to how I want my hair cut.  The hot towel, massaging shampoo, and neck/shoulder massage are awesome.  The price for the MVP seems quite fair to me.  I will keep returning.  Ask for Susanna.  She is the best.
4	I've been here a few times and haven't had a bad hair cut yet. The prices are reasonable for what you get and you can pretty much zone out the entire time and just watch sportscenter. The MVP package is the way to go and don't forget to mention if it's your first time.
