4	Pei Wei is not your typical Chinese restaurant, in fact, they view and market themselves as a Asian Bistro.  So depending on your tastes, you will either enjoy their version of your favorite dish, or not.We came here last night and ordered a bunch of our favorite dishes and left feeling that there was a new choice in the Northsight corridor. The area, for those not familiar with the Raintree exit from 101, is a mixture of Kohls, Walmart, Costco, Whole Food, et cetera; along with some quick food options like NYPD, Paradise Bakery, Al's Beef, Luke's, Asian Island and more.We came around five-forty or so, and found the seating area full, but with some openings.  Two couples were ahead of us in line, but they had three cashier stations taking orders, so our wait was short.The three of us ordered, a bowl of the Hot & Sour soup for $4.95; six Pork Egg Rolls for $7.25 to share; a Spicy Korean (Chicken) with noodles for $8.25; Mongolian Chicken with rice for $8.25 and a soft drink for $1.85.  The damage came to $30.55, plus tax.Now, I've eaten Asian food all over the world and I've never had a Spicy Korean (see photo) before last night. I know my Korean friends and relations would not recognize it as Korean. There is no Bulgogie or Kimchi served at Pei Wei, though the noodles might remind you of Kalgooksoo.  But, the dish was good.  Four star good, as the review indicates.The Mongolian dish (see photo) is similar to the Garlic and Scallions dish you would find in most Szechuan restaurants.  It's as good as any we've had before. The Hot and Sour soup is also a winner and is easily recognizable. What  does  Pei Wei not serve?  Well, General Tao's chicken, pan fried dumplings, the afore mentioned Korean dishes, dim sun, and Pho of any kind.  I could go on.The food is good, if you look past the name and accept the general Asian-ness of what is being offered. One shout-out to Adrian, who acted as the dinning room Server/Clearer. He was great and very responsive in getting additional items for us!Enjoy!
3	Nice place to get a quick meal.  My ginger broccoli steak was good.  I like the updated decor at this new location.
1	Wow pei Wei used to be one of my favorite places to eat. Since then prices have gone up and quality has gone WAY down! My friend accurately described the food as tasting like soap. I literally couldn't finish my meal because it tasted gross and I wasn't totally sure the chicken was thoroughly cooked. On top of that the staff is very depressing and unfriendly. Can't wait for this place to close and be replaced with a good restaurant.
5	Mongolian Beef  enough said.
2	When I moved to Phoenix, Pei Wei was one of the first restaurants I went to and one of my go to places for Asian food. However, over the past 7 years, I have found other places I enjoy and would rather dine at. The food is standard and tastes good, but it isn't fantastic. I like that they are doing lunch specials now, so that helps since the portions can be exceedingly large and not great the next day. This location opened up close to work, so it's easily accessible, which is a plus. We came here a few weeks after the grand opening, but it seemed that all the kinks weren't worked out. While waiting in line, there was only one gal on the register and she was ignoring us in favor of folks who just walked in for Take Away. Finally, a Take Away Customer said to her "Aren't you going to help them? They were here first." She glanced at us, then back to the customer and shook her head no before sighing and finally asking us for our order. Not sure what that was about, but I think they need more employees on the registers, especially at lunch time.
4	What can I say about Pei Wei.  I am kinda pissed that they moved from Fountain Hills to the new location.  The old location was closer to my house.  The new building is very nice though, and it was designed for speed.  They have lots of people working, and lots of registers.  The food at all Pei Wei locations is the same as far as I know.  I really like their food and the concept.
1	I didn't think I could be so turned off from a place I was so looking forward to.  Let me first say I'm a fan of Pei Wei but not this location.  The newness of this location has me expecting some serious wait times and I am okay with that.  What I am NOT okay with is the girl taking my order who is so wonderfully adorned with hickies the size of silver dollars all of her neck and also the attitude that I am bothering her by having her take my order AKA her JOB! Apparently there was a 45 minute "to go" wait that she decided to not tell me about when ordering (the restaurant itself was relatively empty so I would not have come upon this conclusion otherwise).  When I asked after 20 minutes of waiting where my food was, I was laughed at and told my someone who just got done blowing their nose and NOT washing their hands that it would be another 20-25 minutes. Appalled and disgusted.  This location and Pei Wei in general might lose my years of business because of poor management.  Don't waste your time.
4	Great lunch spot. They operate with a sense of urgency. The food quality is always high. The have the fancy coke machine. Stop reading go there for lunch.
1	I have a love/hate relationship with the Pei Wei chain. Before this place opened I would go to the Gainey Ranch location because I love their patio and when the food was right it was all good relaxing on the patio. But I discovered that they were inconsistent where sometimes I would like their food and other times I wouldn't like it. So the wife thought it would be a good idea to abandon our normal Chinese place to try Pei Wei during their first week of operation. They had about 10 cooks woking up a storm and unfortunately I drew the short straw when it came to picking the cook to make my dinner. The meat was tough and inedible. I had about two bites and refused to eat anymore. Luckily I was able to crawl back to our Chinese place and let them know that they didn't have to worry about Pei Wei taking away any of their customers.
4	Been to two of their locations ........ The closed Fountain Hills ...... Which was terrible.                 AND This One ........ Which Thus Far Is .........TERIFFICThe staff at the ordering counter were competent and loudly repeated back your order to avoid errors.The food quality ....... was outstanding.The Taste .......... of our chicken dish was Delicious.The Other Entree .......... was a Steak dish which was also Enjoyed.
5	Great prices for the food. Love the online ordering
2	The food was good. Excellent egg rolls, wonderful hot and sour soup, good pad Thai. However, service was slow and the noise level was harsh. We would get take out from her but would not come back to eat here.
2	I've only been here once so my review is probably not worth much but I thought the food was really salty. That's probably why I haven't been back since. The restaurant is nice though, service is good, and easy to find.
2	I'm pretty sure this pei wei was built for the good employees of Vanguard.Went here for a quick lunch with sister, the place was busy which was nice. The only thing that wasn't nice was how incredibly loud it was inside. I could barely hear my sister talking from across the table, but I could definitely hear all the financial complaints from fellow financial service employees.The food left a bit to be desired. O ordered my usual orange peel chicken, but what I ended up with was something along the lines of orange peel and vegetables. Maybe 4 pieces of chicken. Really?The service was quick, but not friendly. The drink station was a mess. Probably won't be re visiting.
4	Great Chinese chicken salad. Good value for the money.
5	Except for the awkward and somewhat confusing "Order upon entry" setup they have, very impressed with the food quality / taste and beverage selection... A tad noisy due to the open layout, but nothing to prevent me from returning for another round of Asian deliciousness!
4	I visited Pei Wei for the first time last Sunday.  We told the cashier it was our first time visiting and she was very helpful.I loved the fountain drink machine.  The carbonation was good and they have pretty much any kind of soda you could want, including some I didn't even know existed.I ordered a combo plate which was a smaller portion and included a starter.  I went with the Hot and Sour soup which is normally a favorite of mine, and we started with some Crab Wontons.The flavor of the soup was good, but the consistency was much too thick for my palette, almost like a gravy vs a soup.  I would not order it again.The crab wontons were good, had a lot of crab flavor and were presented sitting in a chili type of sweet and sour sauce.  I enjoyed them but some people might now like the wontons swimming in that sauce.My mongolian beef was delicious, and my boyfriend ordered a thai coconut chicken which also had a great flavor.  With the exception of the soup, all the rest of our food was fresh and very flavorful.  I also felt that the value for the money was superb.  I will definitely be going back there.
2	Unlike other reviewers, I always had a great meal and experience at the Fountain Hills location.  However, this location is TERRIBLE!!  The ordering set up stinks, people try to cut in front of you and the staff doesn't care.  Our food all came out at different times.  The Server had a very uncaring attitude.  The rice wasn't cooked all the way.  I was not happy and thinking twice about ever coming back.
5	We now drive from fountain hills to Raintree Pei Wei...yes it is often crowded but having eaten at Pei Wei at least 200 times the food is consistently greAt!  We love the Mongolian Beef, the spicy chicken salad which has loads of chicken, the lettuce wraps, and the teriyaki bowls.
4	I really enjoyed Pei Wei. It is owned by the same ppl who own P.F.Changs- just not as pricey. I got a honey chicken dish and white rice. It was great! Can't wait to go back.
5	This was my first visit to this location that just opened up. Upon walking in, you can tell this restaurant is new as it is oh so clean. The decor is awesome and the atmosphere is great! Above the registers the menu is projected on large, easy to read screens. As for the food, I ordered the broccoli & ginger tofu w/ brown rice. I couldn't believe how delicious it was. It was the perfect sized portion and left me satisfied. Bravo to the chefs at this location! The place was immaculate!
5	I get take out from here 2-3 times a month and it's always right. I've never had a problem. Today was the first time I placed the order in store, usually it's done online. I expected a horrible wait but I was in and out in 10 min with my lunch. Awesome food and awesome service!
3	Love the soda machine. The egg rolls are pretty good too. Mostly this place is mediocre with the coolest soda machine ever. Plenty of the kids who work the register are inept too.
1	This evening my boyfriend and I decided to pick up some takeout on our way home from Christmas shopping. We walked in the takeout door into a chaotic mess. After 10 minutes of waiting in "line," we were finally greeted at the register. I say "line" because it was really more of a cluster of customers being randomly waited on by one of four confused Pei Wei employees.  While attempting to place our order, I repeated "chicken" about four times because the young man questioned what kind of protein I wanted in my "kung pao chicken." Um, chicken in my kung pao chicken please. When my boyfriend attempted to order his spicy Korean steak, the young man spaced out and could not comprehend "steak." "Steak? What do you mean, steak?" A young woman walked over and scolded, er, showed him how to enter the entree. "He wants steak!" Young man: "He didn't specify that!" Young woman to my boyfriend: "It helps if you order backwards from the order of the menu." After the awkwardness settled, the two employees then parted ways from the register and left us unable to complete our order. They both continued to wait on other patrons in the "line" and completely ignored my question of "Um, can we complete our order?" We stood there as I glared at any employee who even slightly made eye contact. Still nothing. We left. The restaurant business is too competitive for this location to operate in such a terrible way.
3	Everyone here was really nice. I got the Thai Dynamite with steamed chicken. The flavors were good, after adding a bit of the spicy red sauce. The only problem was that the chicken was definitely undercooked. Luckily I noticed this right away so I just threw the chicken pieces into a dry fry pan and cooked them a bit longer. Not something you really want to be bothering with when you get convenience takeout. That said, I would go back, but just ask them to cook the protein longer.
4	Great Chinese food. Great atmosphere and good portions. I'm so glad there is one up north now in the rain tree/101 shopping center hell.
3	This particular location is pretty busy most of the time.  It is located within a shopping complex that in itself is busy regularly as well.  We stopped here for dinner before seeing a movie in the area, and although there was a line, it moved pretty quickly.I had the Mongolian Beef - which is my typical order when we come here.  We also tried out the pot stickers, which were not as good as the ones at PF Changs.  Probably wouldn't order those again, but the spring rolls are a good substitute. The beef was cooked well and we enjoyed the extra sauce the server brought over to us.Overall: B+Busy location, but with friendly staff and pretty quick food service it's not a bad stop off.
5	First time here.  They have light choices & you can customize your dish!  Lots of spicy sauce  & protein choices!  Something for everyone in your group!  I ordered steamed veggies with tofu and brown rice and it was not only delicious but healthy too!  The veggies were cooked just right, still crunchy and yet soft enough???  The broccoli sauce that accompanied the veggies had some broccoli stalks and light and not too salty, slight thickened and browned with soy sauce.  For what I paid, around $8.00, I had a nice hearty healthy meal and I could eat only half of it so I will eat it again tomorrow for lunch!
1	We go to the Grayhawk location every week and they do a better job cooking and have better customer service! We had to visit this location for convenience and we're extremely disappointed in the way our food tasted. Not sure why there is a huge discrepancy in the taste between the two locations but I'll drive an extra 15 minutes for better tasting food! Also, sat down on the bench with my toddler and the cushion was sliding out to the point where we would fall out of our seats! When I mentioned it to the bus girl she said it's because they use it as storage and someone probably hadn't closed it correctly! Um OK. Lol
4	Great convenient location for my favorite Asian food. The food is generally good the only thing negative I have to say is sometimes the tofu can come out soggy but most of the time it is crisp and delicious. My favorite dish is the sesame chicken with fried rice. The staff here is always friendly and they have freestyle coca cola machines at this location! Would recommend for anyone looking for fast, fresh, and tasty Asian food.
4	The food at Pei Wei is very good, especially for the money spent; this restaurant lacks acoustics within the restaurant, very difficult to have a conversation. Con: tables are never cleaned and set up properly!  Food gets a FIVE; Cleanliness gets a ONE.
2	Being owned by PF Chang's, I was really expecting to be wowed. Unfortunately this was not the case. I ordered the Spicy Korean Chicken, a cup of Hot and Sour Soup, and a drink. While the food was cooked perfectly there really was no flavor at all. The soup tasted like a beef broth made with buillion cubes without a single hint of sour or spice. The Spicy Korean Chicken was moist, but unless your idea of spicy is black pepper your out of luck. Yes, I know you can add some spice after the fact but when you order something spicy you expect SOME form of heat. Overall, it was not worth my $12 for lunch. I will give it another shot as I know this may have been a one off, but right now I'd rather eat at Panda Express.
1	Wait was far too long. After about 25 minutes they brought out the food, not only was it cold and undercooked but it was the wrong order. Won't be going back.
5	Never had a bad meal at Pei Wei. If you like spicy, ask for extra spicy. More spicy? Ask for extra, extra spicy.I recommend the mandarin kung pow.  Get a spring roll with sweet chili sauce too.They are very accompanying with special requests. Always tasty!
4	We've been here a few times for an early lunch or an early dinner before heading to a movie. Decent location for the chain with the typical offerings. The parking lot here can be a little tricky with it being inside of a fairly busy complex - so I recommend coming here at off times instead of trying to be a part of the lunch rush. The staff is always friendly and the food comes out hot and as ordered each time. They seem to be able to keep up with the rushes by keeping the tables clean and ready for the next guest, which is always nice. A fair number of people seem to get to-go from here, which may be due to all of the local businesses in the area and people wanting to take their meals back to the office, which means that there are almost always seats available in the main area, despite the number of cars outside.  Definitely a place we'll hit up again for a quick bite.
5	Who needs to "yelp" Pei Wei, right?  Right.  However, this review is about this particular location.  I work right down the street and have experienced this store so many different ways now that I had to write a review.  Our company has pre-ordered off of the catering menu here; a large and complicated order - but everything was perfect.  I've come into this store with "free meal" coupons, pre-ordered online and picked up food, etc., and received professional, friendly, really outstanding service every time.  How many other restaurants call you to see how your order was today?  I find their staff very sharp and helpful.  Yes, they do get extremely busy at this location, but I have yet to see any staff members look frazzled or unprepared.  They are really on top of it here.  This is a five star Pei Wei, if that makes sense. :)
3	I haven't been to Pei Wei in a couple years and it sounded good. We came during the lunch rush and it was crazy!After 20 minutes in line we were able to order our food. The woman behind the counter could hardly hear us. I felt like I was screaming my order at her. After placing our order we found a place to sit down. With how busy it was the tables were being cleared very fast which was nice.The food took quite awhile to come out and after standing in line for so long I was about to eat the silverware and napkins sitting in front of me. If you want to have a conversation during your meal I suggest you bring an old fashioned ear trumpet horn so your companion can shout into one end and you can listen on the other end. It was LOUD in there. I ordered the Mongolian Steak with brown rice. I really liked the brown rice. The meat was a little chewy and heavy on the sauce. Overall I would like to try more items off their menu, however I think I will call ahead and pick up.
4	I really enjoy Pei Wei and will continue to eat here. I find it is better to stick with what you like when ordering however. I went for lunch over the weekend, and my girlfriend and I both tried something new. We were both disappointed with our meals, especially because they were both too heavy on the sauce. The staff was friendly and the food came out quick. I still plan to attend and stick with the healthy options they offer on the menu.
3	Wide variety of Asian styles.  Service experience at this location varies widely during lunch.  Food is consistent.  Patio great during day, impossible at dusk.
3	I like to eat here every now and then. The Mongolian beef is one of my favorites. Prices are reasonable.
2	A lot of people working, but seemed no one was in charge.  Place only had 5 sets of customers, yet took forever to get our meals.  Staff used rags to wipe tables to hold our plates.  One employee kept wiping her nose with her finger over and over.  I wonder if she has a food handlers card.
1	Although the food was average this place was filthy. It looked as the the floors weren't cleaned for days and the tables weren't clean. What's worse was that the wait staff stepped over the dirty floors time and time again not noticing or caring it was disgusting. Bad experience.
1	I decided to try Pei Wei after having not eaten there for a couple years since their menu never seemed very healthy.  They recently changed some of their options so I ordered a few takeout dishes for my family, all steamed chicken or shrimp. They tasted ok, but what really spoiled the experience was my wife's Chinese chopped chicken salad. About 3/4 through the meal she stopped eating, disgusted by the insect among her salad which was still ALIVE.  I contacted the manager (Cory or Cody, I believe) and he only offered a quick apology and to make us a different dish if we drove back to the restaurant. I told him we were too far away and he should check the rest of their salad for similar insects (see the pictures I included with this review). He didn't seem too concerned. Furthermore, my voicemail messages to Pei Wei corporate customer relations have not been returned. This Pei Wei location is definitely a lower tier, fast food version of PF Chang's.  I'd avoid it and go to Panda Express nearby instead. At least there you can see what goes on your plate before you eat it.
4	Love the fried rice and broccoli beef. Pretty fast service as well. However their wifi connection sucks. Hope they can fix it soon.
2	Not impressed.Rude woman taking my to go order. I say "hi there - I'd like -" and I am interrupted with an abrupt "for here or to go?" No hello, no thank you, no come again. No personality. Just fired questions at me. This was not a busy time, for the record.Filthy floors. Food, trash and napkins all over.Egg roll was so amazingly greasy I took a photo and dumped it in the trash. I have never seen anything that weighted down with oil. It actually broke in half.Low mein was unremarkable. Sort of bland and extremely light on the chicken. Maybe 4 or 5 small pieces.I'll give this place one more try because previously I had a coworker pick up pad Thai for me it was quite tasty, but they need to step a lot of things up a notch here. Hope they pull it together. And how hard is it to be pleasant to your customers? Sheesh!
4	I love the chicken fried rice here.  I always get a kick out of the soda machine, every flavor you've ever imagine and who doesn't like to try your luck at a fortune cookie again and again.  Great food at good prices. Fast services.
