4	The girls here are great, and fun to talk to if you're not creepy or hitting on them!!!  Love the wings, I come with friends every now and then and have a great time.
5	I absolutely love this Hooters,  Every time I come in with my husband and teenaged son, the waitresses are always so pleasant and helpful.  I love their parmesan chicken wings so I keep going back for more.Anyone saying that this place is demeaning to women, I say this. No one is forcing you to go here.   Nobody is forcing these girls to work here.  I am sure that these girls make nice tips as they are so friendly to the customers.  I wish a lot of other restaurants in Madison had waitresses half as friendly as the Hooters' girls.Excellent location just off I-90.  Food has always been good.  It's not gourmet but good for bar food.
5	Ask for Alhena.  She is an experienced Hostess for Hooters and is a great representation of the chain.Bill the manager was making sure every customer was happy.Service.   5Food quality.   5manager.   5
4	Good food but I haven't been to one of these in nearly 12 years and was pretty excited to go. Traveled way out of my way to get here and I got the one pregnant waitress. OH COME ON!
3	My mother, of all people, was craving Hooters wings.  My girlfriend had never been to a Hooters.  If there was ever a time to go to Hooters its when you Mom is craving it and your girlfriend is open to trying something new. The stars were aligned!We had, you guessed it, wings.  The medium sauce was really, really mild. Almost flavorless.  My GF had the chipotle honey. They had a little spice to them but were mostly a sweet and tangy sticky sauce.  The sauce reminded me of something from a sesame chicken dish at a chinese buffet. I had the Naked Daytona Beach wings.  They were wings covered in a spicy barbecue sauce then grilled so the sauce would caramelize.  They were actually pretty good. The service was prompt and friendly.  It was like a trip to B Dubs except the entire staff was 18-25 yr old girls in Hooters outfits.
4	It was fun here.
4	first experience was not to bad
1	Well... other than the service being the worst I have ever experienced in all my years on this rock, and Theresa, a waitress at Hooters on the east side of Madison being the only person I've ever felt the need to tip .$0.02 in my entire life (and I never tip less than 20%)... I'd say it was a satisfactory experience, but then I'd be lying.Thanks, Theresa. Your horrible service and rude comments makes me think less of you and the establishment you work for, despite your managers attempt to gloss over your inability to be a human being.  Even worse, your manager was doing your job for you after he noticed you weren't.  Normally when new people join a table, a waitress notices and provides service, but rather you waited for your manager to notice these people looking around for over 20 minutes.  Thankfully he then decided to step up for you.  I'm guessing since you came over after and tried sweet talking the new people, you were 'talked to' about your folly.  Also, since your manager pointed out in our discussion that the establishment was far from busy and we were only 1 of what appeared to be 2 tables for you, there was no reason for this.  The 5 people at my table that you offended later with your rude comments appreciate your transparency. What do they say? 1 person lost = 10 people in the end? Ouch, Theresa. I'd explain that complex equation to you, but... well... sigh.... bubblegum and pixie sticks.
