5	These aren't just any trainers.  They're professionals in lap dancing, striptease, and pole dancing.  I gave them a call to give a group lesson at my sister's bachelorette party in Vegas.  Christine, one of the business' owners, was our teacher.  Her partner Tracy installed the pole in our hotel room.  Christine was enthusiastic, cute, down-to-earth, and an impressive athlete.  We had an absolute blast, learning moves such as the stripper walk, pinup girl, and fireman's pole.  One of my friends decided to buy a pole for her home, just in case her current career choice doesn't work out.  If you're looking for stuff to do in the afternoon or early evening for a bachelorette party, I highly recommend the girl power that is Aradia.
5	Who would a thunk it would be hard to be a stripper? I mean... I can dance,  I can take off my clothes, I have big boobs, I like to wear really high heels (broke foot and all) and I have been told that I can be real sexy.  But man... thanks to our teacher Christine, she had me and my girls sweatin' before we even touched the pole. Sexy crawls, booty poppin', gyrating pelvises, fireman swings, arched backs, booty slaps... hell I am sweating just writing about what we did.  This is an awesome addition for bachlorette/birthday/divorce parties. I HIGHLY recommend you take your girls here.  It will help the wall flowers let their inner freak out and for the hottie know-it-alls, it will add some sweet moves to your repertoire.  However, you must be warned- this is a workout and you may end up a little stiff. I know I did!
3	I believe that Tracy and Christine have an incredible business sense and that there style is good however i also think that they tend to rush into moves you might not be ready to do.  If you want to learn quick this is definitely the place to go.  Christine has an incredible and very knowledgeable background in yoga and I absolutely love her classes.  Tracy is very good at teaching all kinds of moves and really motivates you .  Some of their instructors are not sesitive to the comfort of the students and in one performance a friend said "I am really bored watching her".  I believe Tracy and Christine are really dedicated to what they are doing and it really shows.
5	Christine & Tracy from Aradia Fitness are the BEST! They came to our hotel room with a pole and OMG did we all have a blast! We learned some sexy moves and gained some self confidence in the process. If you are coming to Vegas with a group of women this is a MUST!
5	Aradia Fitness is a MUST for any Vegas trip with the girls!!! We came for a bachelorette, but I'd do it again in a heartbeat just because! A pole dancing class was at the top of our bachelorette's wishlist, so I did some research and found Aradia fitness to be the best deal. From my first call to the end of the class, dealing with Tracy and Christine was nothing short of awesome! First off, Tracy and I had to exchange several phone calls--basically we were playing phone tag--due to my busy schedule and the large number of girls I had to coordinate with. She was always very sweet and always very patient. She was pretty flexible regarding the number of girls that would be attending our class too. (Last minute add-ons, flakes, etc.). The class is held at the Reliquary Spa at the Hard Rock Hotel (but I think you also have the option of holding the class in your hotel room). It was a very nice place. Tracy let us know ahead of time that we would be able to use the spa facilities for free after the class, but we didn't have enough time...Booo...Anyhow, the room for the class was kind of small. Well for 15 of us plus the instructor, Christine, it was small. We also had to share poles, but it didn't take anything away from the experience. I don't think anyone came to become an expert stripper. We all just had a really good time, and we laughing our butts off the whole time. Actually we were laughing so hard that Christine had to stop a couple times to let us regain our composure! Haha. She was also very sweet and extremely patient. Someone even had to come in our class and ask us to keep the noise level down! Now you know that we were having a great time! Tracy also set us up for a free dinner and VIP entry to Ago Restaurant and Vanity Nightclub. I was a little skeptic about the free dinner for 15 girls. How good could it be? You get what you pay for, right? Well it was actually pretty good. The catch is that you don't get to sit in the main dining room. Instead, you are seated in the lounge area, which was not bad at all. We got salad, pasta, and pizza and none of us left hungry. We were all pretty stuffed, actually. Tracy also hooked us up and put us on the list for entry to the clubs at The Palms the next night. Even though all the other classes I found were around the same price, none of them offered these great extras. A pole dancing class, free dinner, and VIP entry to clubs for two nights for $50.00 a girl! This class was a great deal!!!
5	My girlfriends and I tried a Pole and Lap Dance class with Tracey for a Bachelorette Party. We weren't really sure what to except, but it definitely exceeded our expectations! Tracey was a great teacher and made all the girls feel at ease to let loose and not be embarrassed. Pole Dancing is a lot harder than it looks but is a lot of fun! I would definitely recommend the party package for any bachelorette or girls weekend in Vegas!
5	We are a VIP hosting company for Las Vegas and use Aradia Fitness for all of our participating bachelorette packages. They are great and come through every time. They are extremely flexible as far as times and days go. All the classes are private and you wont have to show your skills to strangers, just your closest friends (not sure if that's always better ;-) A must  for a bachelorette party. They are #1 with SinCityPartys.
5	Contacting Tracy though e-mails and phone calls was super easy. I made an appointment and sent my deposit and everything, then needed to change my time because some of the girls had later flights and it was no problem with her. We had a total time disaster because one of the flights got delayed and the girls were running late. I was spazzing out because I thought they were going to charge my card for all 5 of us, instead of the 2 for the deposit. I was trying to call them to tell them that we were running late but the voice mail picked up so I was thinking she was just waiting in the studio for us probably pissed. We had trouble finding the place and were walking around like idiots while I was trying to call someone to find out where to go. Finally, someone answered and told us where to go. This place is diagonal across the street from the Hofbrauhaus. It is in the Hard Rock Hotel. Go in the main entrance, make a left. Follow the signs for "Spa." The Reliquary Spa is directly across from the Aradia Fitness Studio. There is no sign that says "Aradia Fitness." Just look for "Spa."I would def. recommend having the class in your hotel room for convenience, but the spa is amazing and you will have access to it for no added price!When we got there, Hannah was waiting for us. She was our pole dancing teacher and was super nice and patient. She even let us have the full time of the class even though we were about 30 min late! Hannah was amazing, easy to follow, and even showed us some stripper moves where she hopped on the pole and climbed up it, flipped upside down and everything! We learned a lap dance and a strip tease with the pole. Wear comfy clothes. One of the girls was wearing jeans though, and she didn't complain. The spinning pole was so much fun!This class is perfect for bachelorette parties which is what we were there for! Hannah was awesome and because she handled our lateness with such class, we left her a great tip!
4	We had a lot of fun with Tracy. We were four girls celebrating a bachelorette party and  wanted to do something fun and memorable for the bride on this special day. The class was in a private room and was a combination of strip tease, lap dance and pole dancing. Tracy put us immediately at ease and the class was hilarious and we learned some quick easy tricks! The free spa facilities was spacious and clean with with a jacuzzi, steam room, sauna and refreshments. What a great way to relax before enjoying the three free VIP club passes that is complimentary with the class! I definitely recommend this experience for some great female bonding :).
1	I've never written a bad review before, but this experience warrants it. I contacted Aradia when planning a bachelorette party for 12 girls. We were told that a new studio was being built and it would be gorgeous, everyone would have their own pole, etc. When we arrived we were shocked to find the studio in a run down strip mall, with no address, no sign other than a for rent sign, and windows covered with butcher paper. When we went in I realized that it was still totally in construction. There was no furniture, only one pole in the middle of the room, 6 chairs, and dust covering everything. We stood around for an hour and a half while one girl at a time danced. It was so ridiculous that I couldn't believe it was happening. The only redeeming part was that we couldn't stop laughing afterward at how ridiculous the studio was- it was certainly a story to take home but not the good kind. I will say that the instructor was very nice and probably felt as awkward as we did.I do not recommend using this company. It's in a weird, run down location, and at the time of our class the studio was in construction and dirty, and when we contacted management to discuss the situation, they sent a rude email and did not take responsibility.
5	This is a WORK OUT!  No dancing about it! Lol!  I have had the pleasure of having Sarah as my pole dance instructor and hopefully, I too will some day hang, swing and twirl as gracefully as she does!  Doing this type of fitness exercise will certainly help you keep your girlish figure.  Don't blink twice if you catch sight of a man swinging around... This exercise is great for the core and whether you're a man or woman, you will most definitely get a defined, cut look throughout.  Sarah is personable and is very patient.  Without a doubt I would recommend her to anyone looking for a fun night out with your friends, or to just get ready to look great!
5	Tracy is the BEST!!  I take all my bachelorette parties to her for the best pole dancing/stripper class.You can pick a convenient time for your group and then head over to the luxurious pole dancing studio.  The class is about 90 minutes and you get to learn how to do a lap dance, sexy strip tease, and some basic pole dancing moves
