5	I worked with Brian Roberts at this location, and ended up purchasing a wonderful mattress from him at a fantastic price. I took my time and checked every single competitor in the area (including Sam's Club and Costco) but ended up coming back to see Brian.Brian is knowledgeable, courteous, and patient. My girlfriend and I came into Bedmart to find a new mattress. After introducing himself, he asked about our preferences, budget, and made a few excellent recommendations. Then, to my surprise, he let my girlfriend and I have some privacy to try different beds, and find the one we liked the best. (Spoilers: It ended up being one that he recommended.)The store itself is exceedingly clean, cool, and very well-lit (without harsh overhead lighting), which makes all the difference in the world.After making our purchase, Brian proceeded to provide me with more advice, tips, and tricks for properly breaking in the new bed.The company itself seems to have some very customer-friendly policies, such as a 120-day comfort guarantee.This was a great experience, and I have to recommend that anyone interested in purchasing a new bed do themselves a favor and go to Bedmart and speak with Brian.
5	We have purchased mattresses from this Bedmart location on two occasions and worked with Brian Roberts both times.  First of all, the store is very spacious and they must have at least three dozen different beds available for you to try.  It can seem a little overwhelming having so many different beds to choose from, but Brian's knowledge and helpfulness make the selection process so easy.Upon asking us what type of beds (soft, firm, etc.) we were looking for, along with our budget, Brian asked us to try certain beds that he thought would meet our needs.  While we tried a bed, he explained to us the construction and features of each model.  Then, based on our feedback, he'd guide us to other beds he thought we might like.  Brian is very knowledgeable of the beds he sells and shared a lot of pertinent information with us, but he is never pushy.  In fact, once we had narrowed it down to a few different beds, he stepped back and invited us to lie on the mattresses for as long as we'd like. Bedmart's prices are excellent.  In checking a few other stores, I wasn't able to find better prices anywhere.  As I previously mentioned, we're repeat customers of Brian's and couldn't be happier.  For an excellent price and experience, I highly recommend visiting this Bedmart location and working with Brian Roberts.
