5	It's Starbucks!  Need I say more. Plus it's that time of the year again (September) and the PSL is back! (Pumpkin Spice Latte for all you coffee home gamers).  This Starbucks is a stand alone building that's got plenty of room inside and out.  And a very efficient drive through.
4	Apparently this is the Starbucks to go to if you are looking for peace, quiet and lots of seating! I was in here this afternoon and there were only four or five other people in there. So I grabbed a seat, pulled up an ottoman and enjoyed my free wifi! For those on the go, they have a drive thru.
4	Coffee, coffee, coffee. I was concerned that the address for this Starbucks put it inside the mall. It's not. This is a free-standing outlet of caffeine and wireless Internet on the corner of Pineville-Matthews and Park Road.Standard counter area for Starbucks - coolers of drinks and sandwiches and pastries. They have the usual menu of coffee beverages including latte, cappuccino, mochaccino and all sorts of ice-blended drinks. And the drip urns that are generally fresh.There are quite a few single-seat armchairs, a large "family" style table and a few smaller two-top tables along the wall where the power outlets are located.Large parking area. There are tables outside (too cold!) as well.
4	It's a 'Bucks with some bang! Is it just me, or could Charlotte use more coffee drive thrus?! The Good: There's a drive thru, a patio with a smattering of tables, plenty of parking, lots of plugs AND plenty of seating! Hurrah! Employees are friendly and efficient both inside and at the drive thru. I've never had to wait very long for my order, even when the drive thru line gets a bit long. There really aren't too many options for coffee in the immediate area, so this Starbucks is a nice choice.
5	This is one of our favorite Starbucks as it is a stand alone store with a great atmosphere. We tried the new Chicken sausage wrap which was very tasty and only 300 calories. The new blonde roast was also very good.
5	Stopped off here on a recent road trip and was very impressed. Clean, modern facility with all the things you come to expect from a good free-standing SBucks: efficient drive-thru, knowledgeable baristas, expedient service, and free wifi. Would definitely stop again when I'm in the area and was the best SBucks experience out of all the ones I visited during my stay in Charlotte.
4	The best thing about this Starbucks? Drive-Thru! Sometimes you wanna lounge and read and have a cup of Joe, but sometimes I just need fuel for the fire and I can't wait around inside for my Latte.Somehow, this place always seems packed, but the good news is the line moves super fast. The employees here are efficient and always have a nice smile and warm greeting. Why not give them 5 stars you ask? Because like any Starbucks anywhere, they're overpriced of course.
3	Just like all the other Starbuck's....nothing too special here! I agree with previous reviews the drive-thru is a very nice touch, it's clean inside and all the staff were pleasant. That devilish food bar in the front was fully stocked with tons of fresh goodies and sweets! So of course I helped myself to an apple fritter! And they got my drink order right...even with all my "special request" like the extra shots...add whip...and grande but in a venti cup...whew! Even I get confused sometimes! Anywho, I was out the door in no time...so yep I'll be back.
3	This is a decent starbucks location. I come here mostly because there is a drive-thru and it's on my way to work!!  I can get off of 485, swing through and take the on ramp straight to my exit (south blvd).  I've actually gone in and met a friend before at this location and it's small and not as comfortable as most starbucks can be. That would be the reason I give it 3 stars. Well that and they tend to forget my shot of hazelnut rather frequently!  However if you are looking for quick drive-thru service with easy access to 485 then this is the location for you!!
3	Drive through is a plus especially at 550 in the morning. Staff seems tired and not unfriendly, just not welcoming like other places. Overall a clean store though. But ya... Nothing too special here.
4	Nice location.I came here this afternoon after breakfast at OPH.Pretty decent sized Starbuck's with a drive-thru window.  Where I'm from they don't have drive thru's for this coffee house.They have 5 or 6 outdoor tables to sit outside enjoying your coffee & reading a newspaper.My standard order at Starbuck's is a iced green tea unsweetened.The Mrs had a large iced coffee. If your in the area shopping or running errands & need a caffeine boast would recommend this Starbucks.
2	Nice location for me. I ordered a ham and cheese panini that came out as flat as a pancake and probably had three pieces of ham and unfortunately no cheese....they were pretty slow too.
2	Well, its a Starbucks so they have all the usual Sbucks fare. The coffee is consistently good and they have a nice selection of retail items. What makes this location different though is the wait to get your drink. . It takes forever. Not a good place to stop on the way to work unless you have at least 20 min to kill. The Starbucks in the mall during Xmas is quicker than this one. Figure that out.
3	Coffee?  Meh?  Apparently this has to be more verbose to be classified as a review, but yeah not much more to say, pretty standard Starbucks, it is what it is
3	This location is so so. Sometimes it's fast service sometimes slow. Everyone is normally pretty nice. Some of them are too busy talking to each other. I feel like if you are standing around you should find something to do. Like clean the dining area and bathrooms for instance which are pretty messy most of the time. I am a frequent customer and also tip their tip jars. Hope my opinion is heard. The drinks are usually spot on as well so can't complain too much there.
1	Today was my last time at this Starbucks - I'm tired of trying with these guys...Every time I go through it, something goes wrong. I've had:- Drinks done wrong (a hot mocha that was actually cold, a cappuccino that was FULL of milk)- Got the wrong food handed over- Short-changedI'm better off having a regular coffee someplace else (such as the Panera Bread down the road). That's how bad these guys are doing...
1	Drink was fine, service was horrible from the start.  The cashier (her name was Danielle) didn't really seem to want to be there (I can understand, but at least fake it) and didn't make her customers a priority.  The team leader was polite but didn't really seem to want to take care of us as customers. It took 20-30 minutes to make 3 cups of coffee. Others who ordered after us received theirs first. I'm not a coffee expert by any means but you could easily brew a few pots of coffee that would taste about the same for the same price and time duration.  I would avoid this location. It would take the same amount of time to go to the Starbucks at Target in Steele Creek and you would receive a much better quality of service.
2	I usually skill this location because it is very busy, but I stopped here the last couple of days. I had a different drink each day and neither were prepared with the standard Starbucks recipe. This is nothing new for this location. It seems that every time I try this location again, it is the same sub-par product every time. On these last occasions it appeared the all of the staff was new except for the person training them (more like yelling at them constantly).
5	I ordered a hot caramel Apple spice. The staff here is fast and friendly, this is my first visit and won't be my last
5	Nothing better than a great cup of coffee in the morning. This place does not disappoint. All the baristas are friendly, happy, and customer service oriented! The aroma of wonderful java hits you as you walk in the door.  Probably need to look for a group - pretty sure I'm addicted !
3	Prices are high. To be expected from starbs.I ONLY come to this location if I am 30 minutes early on the way to work. The last 8 times ive come here, the drive thru takes 11 to 16 minutes.*I am not a fan of close quarters job interviews and Yoga moms talking about their busy days ahead so I don't wander inside.Their processes need to change...i.e., I get to the window, hand her my debit card, she swipes it while holding my drink....takes another person's drive thru order....attempts an upsell, sets my drink down, hands me my card back...then turns around and remembers my drink.......The workers are usually pretty friendly and not the run of the mill "I'll get that to go please"...."Was that for here or to go?" types.
1	Never been to this location until yesterday morning. What a disaster! I ordered a grande no whip mocha...easy drink. I got hot chocolate, told the guy the drink was wrong. He put espresso in the hot chocolate and handed back. 15 minutes to get the wrong drink. Place was busy but staffed only problem was half were standing around.
4	One of the better Starbucks in Charlotte, great area to read and relax super good Wi-Fi friendly staff.
