5	There are these iron snakes and Gila Monsters on the outside of these place that look super realistic! The paintings/sculptures in here are fantastic and the staff are very helpful. Good for an hour while you let your breakfast settle, before you tackle some outdoor activity.
4	We received free passes from the Mesa library, and decided it would be a nice ride on the motorcycle. We weren't disappointed. The museum is smaller but has a nice array of items. Lots of history. It made for a fun day.
5	Great museum fantastic art but the downstairs old town is the best. They have recently added head set tours too.
5	Gorgeous museum with a friendly staff. Well worth the visit.
5	Came here on a recommendation from my sister. A great place. Outstanding art featuring the old west. There are also displays showing some of the original toys, tools, household furniture, etcI would recommend this to everyone, especially those with school age children
5	We loved this beautiful museum with friendly staff.  Get the free headsets to learn more details.  It had a great balance of local history with more contemporary art.  We saw some new (just new to us) techniques and mediums like casein paint, egg tempera, etc. Very nice little gift shop.
4	when downtown, make sure you visit Desert Caballeros Western Museum. it's a very compact museum and when I visited half of it was showing something I was not interested in. still, the other half was the home of some of the most amazing paintings in contemporary history, pollock, rothko, kline, etc... yes, it's pretty bizarre to showcase such incredible opulence and have so many homeless people pushing trolleys on 6th street. AZ  is a place of extremes. if you are into art, it's a must. I also found the bookshop really good. and great value.
4	After the frenzy oAZ traffic you can't quite believe how calm and peaceful this beautiful place is. Go for the architecture and the landscaping as well as the art it contains. We didn't have time to see all of the galleries but with regularly changing temporary exhibitions one could return time and time again.
