5	A pre-season Kings game IN VEGAS?!  Omg omg omg.  This is the weekend that if I were ever to come back pregnant and married...this would be that weekend.  :)Kings fans come out of the woodwork and a flood of royal purple, black, white and black comes filtering through the strip.  You'll make friends and bond with all sorts of people.  It feels like family that you haven't met before...the ones you like and not the ones you avoid.  hehe  The arena will be deafening and its what I'd like to think I'm hearing as I "go towards the white light."  :D  Pre-party in the food court where all the fans will no doubt be hanging out.  Try to get someone to save or get a table and send someone else to get the food.  Tables go QUICK and most people end up standing and eating; still worth it for the ambiance.  :)  I once had someone purposely screw over a Avs fan waiting for their table just because I was rocking my Gretzky.  F-yeah!Go KINGS!!!!!!!!!!!!  *cartwheel*
5	GO KINGS GO!I have a new yearly tradition!!!!What a fantastic weekend this is. Solid fans. Great city.See you next year!
4	Frozen fury 15. Two games this year since last year was lost to the lockout. Friday night was against the Rangers and Saturday was against the Avs. Great time!  About 11,500 fans. 99% Kings fans I may add. Nice to see them play somewhere smaller than Staples Center. Unlike preseason NFL or MLB, these guys want to win the game, with the regulars in, all game. The intensity level is of a regular season game. If you are a fan if the Kings. Check this event out. Stay at the MGM to get the full experience. Celeb poker tourney too.
5	Frozen Fury is an amazing event. What gets better than hockey...LA KINGS hockey and Vegas! My favorite annual event of the year! Even though this is a pre-season game the atmosphere makes it feel like a playoff game. I would say over 90% of people there are kings fans.walking down the strip you will meet a whole bunch of kings fan. Kings fans take over vegas for the weekend. I recommend staying at MGM, they normally have deals for kings fans. I also recommend going to the lazy river during the day! so much fun its basically all kings fans partying before the game!make sure you are at the game early in the hall ways of mgm near the arena so you dont miss the gauntlet. GO KINGS GO!
