1	Do I have "SUCKER" stamped on my forehead?I didn't think so.  So quit treating me like that rubber vag in the drawer next to your bed you skinny little failed-out-of-car-salesman-school queef.The other day I noticed a screw in my tire.  Hadn't busted a flat yet, so I high-tailed it to the nearest tire place (Ted Wiens) to have them look at it and patch it or whatever needed to be done.  The  guy says, "Ma'am I hate to tell you this, but that screw is so badly embedded in your tire, we're going to have to replace the whole thing.  More bad news as well.  All of your tires are balding and need to be replaced."Ok.  Number one, I just bought this car.  Number two, it only had 10K miles on it, so I highly doubt it needs new tires already.  Number three, I KNOW WHAT A BALD TIRE LOOKS LIKE.  And that ain't it.  So I snatched my keys out of the assclown's hand and take the car down the street to Big O Tires.  Friendly fellow walks up to me and lets me explain what the problem is.  He takes the car around to the back of the garage.  Gets out of the car.  Squints at the tire.  Does something to the tire.  Gets back in the car and drives straight through the garage back to me.  "Here ya go ma'am."  I look in my hand, and there's the screw.  Look at the tire.  It's fine.  Look at him.  He says, "Oh, no big deal, it was just stuck in the tread at a weird angle so it looked like it was in your tire.  Here look.  (He had chalked where the screw was so I could see it).  No marks!  You got lucky!"So I say to him, "Just out of curiosity, what do you think about the condition of the other three tires?"  He told me he thought they were perfectly fine.  This is why I don't own a gun.  Grrrr.
1	And yet another negative report. These guys, lemme tell ya...The only reason why I even used this service was that they were across the street from my work place. They get the one star for convenience. But the fellow there had me in line already and just because a couple of others had completed their service, he told me, "Let me take care of these guys first." I had come in for an oil change, and I asked if there was an extra charge for rotating tires. They said no. I asked them how long, they said maybe an hour. So, I indicated to them to call me when it is done.3 hrs later, I called them to find out if it was done yet. They put me on hold for 4 minutes. They told me it would be ready when I get there. So, I went back and stood behind one other guy, and made eye contact with the same guy who prepared my order earlier. He left the counter area to find out what was going on. He returned and said, "Give me a minute, lemme just take care of this guy." So, I had to wait again. When he got my keys for me, he added, "Oh, they forgot to rotate your tires." So, to summarize: they are slow with oil changes(3 hrs), they are inconsistent with who gets helped first (they selectively choose who gets helpe first rather than who's in line), they lie about how fast they can do something (they said 1 hr), and they don't do everything they promised to do (didn't do the tire rotation).I wouldn't recommend this place to my worst enemy.
3	I stopped by Ted Wiens by chance as their sign mentioned fixing "Check Engine" lights and it was time to renew my registration - and you can't pass smog with your "Check Engine" light on. The guys were friendly, and while there was a bit of a wait to find out what was wrong with my car, my particular mechanic gave me a ride to work from the shop twice so I could get it fixed and not miss work. I don't know if every mechanic shop does that, but it was really appreciated. I liked the shop enough to bring my car back once it started to overheat a couple months later, and the turnaround time for fixing it was surprisingly fast - I was told it'd be ready by early afternoon the next day, and it was done by 9 a.m.  With any car repairs, no matter the shop, I always assume it's going to cost me a lot of money. I gave this location four stars until I went back to have my AC looked at, and they said it would cost $1,300 to fix. My dad's mechanic friend put freon into the system instead for $60, and it's held so far. That definitely changed my opinion on the shop, and made me downgrade them to three stars. I'd come back, but now I'd maybe get a second opinion before committing to service.
5	I'm surprised by some of the reviews here given my recent experience. I live in Los Angeles, so obviously I don't come here often, but last week while in Vegas my power steering went out on me. I asked the bellman at my hotel for a recommendation and he recommended this Ted Wien's location. I checked the Yelp reviews and thought "Oh hell no!"I did some research and found another place down the street from Ted Wien's, but they were too busy to fix my car before I had to leave town. They did diagnose my problem (tension rod and power steering belt) and told me about how much I should pay ($450 because with my car it is labor intensive). They gave me a recommendation for another garage, but they were closed on Saturdays.Against my better judgement, and terrified by the Yelp reviews, I didn't have a choice and had to let Ted Wien's do the work.They were fast, professional, did the work on time and for almost $200 less than the other mechanic said I should expect to pay.Now maybe I had a better experience than others based on the fact that my car had already been looked at and they didn't have to diagnose the problem themselves, but I left happy, with power steering and with more money left in my pocket than I expected. You can't ask for much more than that.Again, my review is based on a single visit (hopefully my car won't break down in Vegas again) and they didn't diagnosis the problem, but based on this experience I can't see giving them anything but a 5 star review.
