3	Now let me tell you something! I love my chicken! I am still looking for that great place to buy my fried chicken at in the Phoenix area! I will once in a blue moon stop off at KFC! Not my preferred fast food chicken to eat at!! But sometimes it's all I can find. I went ahead and ordered their two piece crispy chicken meal. Now you really can't add anything about fast foods! If you have eaten at one location pretty much they all taste the same! Service was OK, seem like they were in no hurry! Again, when you decided to eat at a fast food chain! You have to expect some kinds of issues! So, would I come back? Yes, only if I can't find a Popeyes Chicken around! I have no idea how this place stays open? I never see anyone here??
1	I would like to add no stars, but there is not an optician here. We were there today at 11am only one other couple there they didn't get the chicken it was over cooked so when I ordered the boneless chicken the lady taking my order  wanted me to take there dried one, wow couldn't believe that . It took 20 mints to get out order, but they didn't have any bisques ready it would take 12 min to get them the place is very slow. For it being slow, and no customers all the tables were sticky and dirty my wife asked them to clean them they never did my wife got paper towels and  cleaned our table. The floor is very dirty and sticky! I will never go back there Sam Brown
1	Can I give half a star?  Or less?  The place was empty today 7/22/2014, approximate 6pm.   No wonder why...  I've read KFC is losing market share to other chains... again... no wonder.  The place had flies all over, those aggressive flies that stay on top of your food and you....  I was very uncorfortable.  It was last at a KFC over a year, and I do not think I am returning.  The guy seemed like a "smart-ass"(pardon my expression), I kept him at bay, so no issues to report.  I think this chain, this franchise is in trouble, and may not last long.   You may be ok if you do the drive-through.... no word on if a fly or two may sneak out of the restaurant on your food.....  yes.... that many flies.....
2	We don't even go here anymore.   Every time they don't have enough chicken and we have to wait for them to cook it for 20Minutes.   Bummer because I really like the ol original recipe!!
3	I received my food in a timely fashion after paying.  Our food was hot and fresh. I received what I ordered with no mistakes, so that's always a plus.I knocked two stars off because of the prices (high!) and because the service just average; nothing overwhelmingly awesome.
