3	First of all this is a Ride Now!  They use the typical used car salesman tactics as all Ride Now locations.  Super high interest rates.  Multiple salesmen to talk and flat out rip of central.  I wouldn't buy a motorcycle from them if you can help it.  They will tell you anything to get you to buy from them.  They told me they would give me numbers over the phone only to call me the next day and say come on in and we will go over numbers.  I told them you told me we can do it over the phone they said its not policy.  Bull my buddy bought his motorcycle from Buddy Stubbs over the phone.  I am only giving this place 3 stars because of the cool Harley Davidson gear they sell.  Lots of t shirts and accessory.  The shop is good, expensive but good.  I have had my bike worked on there and they did a good job.  If
1	If you love cocky pieces of crap that will try and rip you off and have no clue what there talking about .. I would highly recommend this place , If you want to go to a real Harley dealership with heart and soul and its family owned,  Buddy Stubbs is awesome I will never go anywhere else . Everyone there is really chill and incredibly knowledgeable and they actually treat you with respect ..
5	What can I say about Arrowhead Harley Davidson other than they are simply the best! Everyone is extremely helpful and willing to go the extra mile. I bought my Harley from them in 2005 and have had several friends buy new Harleys from them and they all feel the same. Whether I'm in there for parts, service, apparel or just to drool over the new Bikes, I have been given the best customer service out any of the Harley Dealers around. I'm looking for my new bike and I will be getting it from Arrowhead.
1	Worst HD Service Dept ever seen. Totally wrecked my bike and technician damages are not covered under extended service contracts. Management avoidance of dealing with me poor excuses for everything.  Don't even rate a star but lowest you can give.
5	We first stopped into Arrowhead a couple weekends ago. My hubby knew he wanted a Harley, but we were not sure what model. We met Tanya and Stacy on the sales floor. They were both great answering all our questions (we had a lot!) Luckily for us they were having demo days the next weekend where we were able to ride the different models to help us pick exactly what we wanted. Demo days was awesome! It's a good thing to because we pretty much spent the whole weekend there. Neither of us felt any kind of pressure to buy and the entire staff went above and beyond to get us financed and into the exact bike we wanted. Thankfully this process was much different from our first motorcycle purchase experience.Through the entire process both Tanya and Stacy were there to help with anything we needed. I honestly feel like everyone working there was just as excited as we were when we finished the deal. We feel like we have a new family. If you are in the market for a new motorcycle you have to stop in and talk to the staff at Arrowhead Harley. They are great and the showroom is beautiful. That being said..Let's ride!
5	Awesome.  Smoothest deal ever.  Everyone is very nice & very helpful. Husband's dream & a bucket list check.No pressure. We saw Elwood, he is awesome & very knowledgeable.Everyone on here mentions Stacy & Tonya, well don't make the same mistake I did and say "you're a guy!!"   Gave everyone a big laugh & now something for everyone there to razz him about.  I would HIGHLY recommend Arrowhead Harley-Davidson.  Best vehicle purchase experience ever.
5	When we go to Arrowhead Harley everyone says hi and is happy to see us. We feel really welcome and we get great service in the Service Department. If we have any questions about the bike Stacey is always there to answer questions.
5	Let me start by saying that Ride-now Peoria and arrowhead harley are to different dealers even tho ride-now owns harley. I made the mistake to going to ride-now first the sales people there don't really care about you and make you wait 3hrs and don't even show you the numbers. So the next day i went to Arrowhead Harley I already knew what i wanted and after a lil wait somebody finally helped me. From there on it was a Impressive experience I had a million questions all answered. Also it was my first bike and they didn't make me feel like i didn't know anything or stupid. They welcomed me and worked with me got me approved and waited until i got my downpayment in. Stacey is not one of your typical salesman pressuring you to buy it or leave actually  none of the staff do that. I am very happy with the customer service which is big to a lot of people. I would suggest you go talk to stacey he would make it happen. You wont be let down
5	Over the weekend we went to another dealership for a "party". While we were there we looked at the new bikes available for sale. We found the same exact bike we bought earlier this year at Arrowhead. It had a giant sticker on it that said reduced $1000! When we looked at the price the marked down price was almost $2000 more than we paid at Arrowhead. So we got a better price and great customer service. Sounds like a win to me! A friend of our recently purchased a new bike and he had the same experience we did. He was impressed with the fact that when he wanted to see the bike in the sun no one hesitated to roll the bike outside for him to see. Our sales guy Stacy is always available for questions. If you are seriously looking to buy a Harley you really need to go look at the prices at Arrowhead. Between that and the customer service you won't be sorry.
2	I visited the dealership a couple of weeks ago and spoke to a salesman (Kevin) for a bit.  He took my contact info and bike preferences.  I was looking for a new Dyna Switchback.  Unfortunately he never contacted me.  About a week later I received a call from a woman asking how my experience was at the dealership.   Needless to say I expressed my disappointment! She said she would check into it and have someone contact me.  As of today, still no call!  A big thank you for not calling me back!  I found my bike during my first visit to your competitors dealership!  Not only was it priced right, the customer service was Top Notch!  You should consider improving on customer service, as that's what keeps people coming back!!  Best of luck!
5	Medusa my 2013 Softtail Slim is in for her 5000 mile service. The service department here at Arrowhead Harley are a bunch of good guys. They have done all my repairs over the past 10 year's. Thanks again for taking care of all my Harleys needs!!!
4	It's a good store. The staff is friendly, plenty of bikes and motor clothes on inventory. But the sales team seems to pester a bit too much.You have to navigate past the pack of sales people that are loitering out in front "scoping" you out as you arrive. As you enter, they follow you in. One will dive out and take the lead while the others will lean on bikes and watch as their pal goes in for the kill. "Hey! How are you? I see you like that Street Glide. That's a nice color. What do you ride now?" Other than the feeling that you're there for the sales gang to go after, the place has a nice layout. It's a good location and I think they're making a strong effort to increase their presence.
