5	60 minutes felt like 60 luxurious hours. Nearing the end of the dreadful 2009 year, I desperately needed a massage stimulus package. A retweet from a trusted friend tipped me off that Space Massage Studio had a few openings that very weekend.After one visit, I'm hooked. Whenever I need a midday breather, I'll close my eyes and dream of this recuperative experience.LOCATION: Space is across the street and around the corner from the crosshairs of the LGO phenomenon. Lucky me, I've had a chance to visit several the Valley's multi-million dollar spas, but each one lacks a little soul. However, Space is located inside the humble abode of master massage therapist John Hill. I can only dream of having such prime locale for a home, let alone a business. INTRO: Ring the door bell and John invites you into his home. He's genuinely interested in your day and asks about your lifestyle, physical needs, special requests, habits and personal interests. The causal intro makes you feel relaxed and welcomed like a returning dinner guest. We chatted about life in Arizona, business, busy lifestyles and desperate need to unwind and indulge in a restorative massage.THE STUDIO: After you've enjoyed the B&B-like hospitality, John leads you next door to the massage studio where a serene setting with diffused natural light, warm wood floors, relaxing music and delicately scented candles await. The expert attention to detail is evident as all five senses are instantly relaxed when you step into the studio. Everything is customized.John asks me about my music preference, desired room temperature, lighting... nothing is left to chance. Everything is about my needs. THE MASSAGE:60 minutes felt like 60 hours. Using the consultation, he mapped out a battle plan to conquer my ailments. John zeros in on the problem areas but also hits the unexpected spots that truly alleviate my tension and stress. This is ultra-comfort and affordable (mandatory) luxury.EMBARRASSING MOMENT: I'm a terrible customer. I failed to read the "cash or check preferred" statement on Space Massage Studio's site! John was kind enough offer an alternative PayPal payment option, but to my horror... it didn't work. Nor did my debit card withdrawal at LGO's dreaded ATM! John never fretted during the entire situation. In fact, he just smiled and suggested I mail him a check at my convenience. Long story short, I left, then returned 15 mins later with the cash in hand. He was a saint.WHY I LOVE IT:Visiting Space is like visiting a friend's house for dinner. You're instantly welcomed and pampered as an honored guest. Warning: After your massage session, you'll be haunted by wonderful dreams of specialized treatments, John's charming personality and traditional hospitality. WHY YOU'LL LOVE IT:You'll make a new friend.  I did.
5	Okay so throughout my life, my mother has made it quite clear to my sisters and I that making time for spa treatments is ESSENTIAL. That being said, a few times a year, my sisters and my mother and I head to the spa. One aspect of spa-ing that I never really enjoy, is the fact that I have to deal with overly chipper receptionists/spa employees that want to "make my experience just perfect". After many spa experiences, I realized that I have never actually gone in and had a massage. Facials, wraps, etc. yes, but never a massage. How is it that I skipped the classic? Well, as luck would have it, I met John. I was quickly informed by multiple sources that this man is a massage guru. A friend even went as far to say that if I ever want to get a massage, it should most definately be from him. Alas, I had to give it a whirl. In December 2009, I made my first visit. When I came to s p a c e I was immediately pleased by many things. First and foremost: no overly chipper receptionist! John invited me in and engaged in massage talk with me, taking a small and necessary history. After that he led me over to the studio. It's beautiful. Its absolutely beautiful. The lighting, the colors, the scent...the whole situation just works. John inquired about any personal tweaks needed, and then left to allow me to get comfortable. Get comfortable I did! I tend to be cold and mildly anxious most of the time, but this was not the case at s p a c e. The massage table is heated. Yes. Heated. And quite cushy :). John came back to the room, and this is the part that I liked best: no more talking. Just the music, the scent, and me feeling quite fantastic. I think I fell asleep, just for a second, which is rare because I typically dont relax that easily. I could tell John knew what he was doing, because he didnt need to ask me questions. It's like he read the way my body reacted to specific movements and acted accordingly. When it was time to come back to reality, John let me know very gently. So much so, actually, that even while I was dressing and preparing to leave, I could still feel...s p a c e. You will know what I mean when you go try it.
5	As a massage therapist myself, I'm quite particular when I get bodywork. I know what's possible in an hour and I have high expectations. I have known about John and his work for some time. Finally, I had the opportunity to experience his artistry for myself. Last week was my second time back. John knows what he's doing - not just with the technique of his hands but also in getting the client in the proper mind set with his spa-like atmosphere. John is extremely aware of sensation and the sensory input the client is receiving on his table. He is aware of everything you might be sensing and feeling - from the temperature in the room, to the temperature of your body, from the volume of the music, to the sound of your breath - and he makes sure that it is only pleasurable. John doesn't mindlessly grind away at your muscles. He incorporates his heightened sensory awareness into the work he's doing. He'll use hot or cold when appropriate. He understands the sensory effect of rocking the body, or how it's going to feel when he changes the rhythm or speed of his hands. All of his techniques are informed by the overall sensation it will create in your body. Combined with his exceptional knowledge of the body, hand strength, and expert techniques, this is a very advanced approach to bodywork.I can recommend John without hesitation.
5	Unique technique.   Without giving away his tricks, I will say that John brings variety to the massage table and nicely blends strong with gentle leaving you feeling ooey gooey good.  Unlike the traditional slightly dorky background music, his is hip and soothing.  If you're looking for something a little different in a massage, he's your guy!
5	I recently went to Space for my first time.  Having read and heard great things from people, I decided to try it out for myself.  I am certainly glad I did.  When I first walked up, John opened the door and I instantly recognized him from having at least a few cocktails in passing over the years.  We quickly figured out we knew a few mutual friends and both enjoyed many of the same neighborhood and not so distant restaurants.  John proceeded to ask me how my day was going, how I was feeling and from there, he asked to me get comfortable.  His studio is an addition to his house and he did it right.  Great attention to detail, great design and very tranquil space.  I won't go on an on but I will tell you this is the best overall massage experience I have ever had.  It's like Yoda meets KYOT with groove that The Merc Bar had when they first opened years ago.  Basically, the bomb.  All things converge into one experience to make it amazing: the massage, the setting, the music, etc.And a new friend on top of that.  Thanks John.
5	Me and wife came to SPAce for our wedding anniversary and loved it. I have had hundreds of massage's John was one of the best. DO NOT pass up the chance to get one.
5	Click your heels three times and say,  "There's no place like this S P A C E",  and magically be transported into a place of peace, serenity and relaxation.Instead of a busy Spa or Resort that makes the time about them why not escape to S P A C E and make the time about YOU.  You will be swept away by the very Cozy, Intimate and nothing less than Luxurious Massage Studio. John is a Master of his craft and is very attuned to delivering a treatment that is customized to you and your energy.John genuinely cares about your experience and that is why there is no where else I'd rather go to escape for and hour of sheer bliss.
5	Everything about my experience at Space was nothing short of bliss. From the warm reception to the time when I floated back to my car to head home for a night of peaceful, uninterrupted slumber, it was fabulous.I first learned of Space via Groupon. I can't even remember how much I paid for it because I bought it so long ago. I've recently been dealing with lots of stress and the nasty side effects of it. So I decided to go see John for a 60-minute retreat. I was not disappointed. The space that John has created and the energy that he exudes are calming, soothing and relaxing, even before you remove so much as your earrings... With warm, rich wood floors, soft lighting and a playlist that I simply must have, we were off to a fabulous start. John gave me a cool towel (which was lovely, as I have been battling a marathon migraine) and left me to disrobe. In the buff and ready for healing touch, I slipped into the cool sheets John had turned back for me on the table.John returned to the room and homed in on my problem areas in a way that was both strong and soothing. We had already discussed my trouble spots and it was obvious that he used both that conversation and his naturally high sensitivity level to provide me one of the best massages I've ever had. By doing this, he was able to receive feedback from me without either of us uttering more than a few words, which ensured the trance was never broken. I was able to melt into nothingness, and for a little while, nothing else mattered. How amazing is that?This is definitely a hidden gem in Greater Phoenix. You simply must go and treat yourself to an hour of bliss...
5	I've been receiving massages for 10 years -- as long as I've been running. I've never before been to a studio as peaceful, calming and healing as Space. John is truly a craftsman. He is interested in his client's needs, listens, is respectful and without sounding too dramatic -- a healer.I keep telling friends he is magical; they look at me like I've lost my mind, until they too visit Space.There is simply no better massage in Phoenix.
5	It's not everyday your boyfriend drops you off at another man's house to be massaged. But it was our anniversary, and it was not just any house, it was John's. I have to admit that I was a bit nervous to be dropped off at a home instead of a spa, but John made me feel welcome from start to finish.  He gets to know you before he takes you into the studio, so he knows exactly what to do to get you the most benefit for your buck. The massage is a perfect in-between massage - it's right in the middle of the "fluffy, feel-good fancy spa" massage and "this is going to hurt in the morning" massage. He'll get all the knots out that you never knew you had.If you're looking for a personalized massage experience and/or a great gift, look no further. This is it.
5	Perfect Weekend day: Hit LGO and then SPACE. Or Vice Versa. John create's a very Zen like experience for you at SPACE. John owns a home in hte heart of Arcadia a hop skip and a jump from LGO. He romodeled it to create SPACE. A special zen like massage studio in which you leave  your shoes at the door. His persona is Zen and he is a very quick read into you.I've had the opportunity to visit and be pampered by the very best spas. John has also been working in several of the Valley's very top spa's for the past 10 years and brings these experiences to the (massage) table. Pun intended.I disagree with another writer who says this is a perfect In-betwen massage. I prefer SPACE to all other massages. John's prices are definately affordable, and his massages make great gift certificates.Set an appointment- you'll be happy that you did!
5	I've been enjoying John's incredible massages at SPACE studio for over a year, but the last one was extra special.  I got my first Thai massage and it was amazing!  This massage is received on a futon instead of a traditional massage table.  John uses his knees, feet, elbows and hands to work out all those knots.  Thai massage is given while you are fully clothed, so it makes a great gift for a novice. John always takes the time to ask questions and he actually listens to the answers!  He has a great way knowing right where the problem spots are hidden and exactly the right amount of pressure to help dissolve the kinks.  SPACE studio exudes a calming, healing energy from the first step in the door.  It's a perfect getaway to transform stress into bliss.
5	I've been going to John at Space for a few years now.  It's usually in response to some wacky home improvement injury as in ..."I really don't know what happened.  I was painting (or digging holes, or fussing with a bird feeder), and now I can't move my head."I always leave Space feeling better.  John is really easy to connect with.  He's always sympathetic to my problem.  He's also really interested in addressing the issues I come in with.Actually, I don't leave Space feeling "better".  I always leave Space feeling "great".
5	I've been going to Valley spas for about 10 years now, and while there are some fantastic, beautiful spas around, I still hadn't found the right massage therapist.  I finally found John.I've never scheduled a massage on an "emergency basis".  After months of traveling without any down time, my body had finally said enough.  With how tight my shoulders, neck and lower back were I thought I must be walking around looking like Quasimodo.  Within one 60 minute session, I felt like the world had been righted.  I was a little hesitant trying someone new, based only on Yelp reviews, and going to their house, but when every single person who has done a review has concurred with 5 stars you know that something special is going on at Space.  I'm so glad I gave it a whirl!  I booked my follow up appointment before I even left.
5	Absolutely fantastic massage! Not your run of the mill massage at all, I truly felt better after leaving and it wasn't just a state of relaxation. I felt like doing yoga and moving around and taking care of my body a bit better than I had been doing before.
5	Awesome massage. John is very welcoming and attentive. Great studio, relaxing and peaceful. Highly recommended .
5	I don't know why I have waited so long to write my review for John and Space Massage Studio.  I believe I have gone to John since he opened a couple of years ago...and I never wrote a review.  I am a bit ashamed....but I think I have a really good reason (or two)I tell all of my friends that they need to go to John...but when it comes to why they should...there is so much into why that I didn't know how I could parlay it into words.   Over the years John has become more than a massage therapist to me....he has become somebody that gives great advice and actually listens to what I have to say.And because he listens...my massages are always customed to what I NEED!  Not what I want...not a massage that you can get anywhere.  Example last week when I got my bazillionith massage from John.  I mentioned to him that my job requires that I now where high heels....he knew that while my back was messed up he knew that my feet and lower part of my legs needed added extra attention.  Just through conversation he knew what I needed.And to me this is the most important thing I need from a massage therapist (or any therapist!!! HA!)  John is so attentive and really really really does give the most amazing massages in the universe!  I am happy that my schedule is more flexible so I can make the time to see John and Space Massage Studio.
4	I absolutely adore being pampered from head to toe and this place knows exactly the things that I want.  I am always pressured at work because I do a little bit of sales but this place never disappoints me. Their therapists are well-trained and one of a kind. This place is such a stress reliever. Theirs is the best massage to be had in Phoenix!
5	I was in Phoenix for the weekend and got a massage from John.  It was one of the best massages I've ever had.  He was very professional, yet personable.  His studio is off of his house.The massage was very thorough and concentrated on the areas I told him needed attention.  The pressure was neither too firm nor too light.  He used a lot of different methods to get my knots out.  I felt completely relaxed, and I had a lot more mobility afterward.  This is day 3 and I still feel great.I totally recommend!!
5	As I discover my own space in this life I begin to realize that I want it filled with people that care about themselves and the well being of everyone around them.I can say that I have always had an amazing massage from John Hill and the positive energy he gives with each massage is the reason anyone should want to enter his Space Massage Studio.
5	I have had many massages from a variety of therapists and John is at the top.  The environment is totally relaxed, yet professional.  I gave him my laundry list of issues, aches and pains....and he listened! Every time I see John I remember why I keep going back.  You want a great massage?  Go see John
5	I originally saw John a couple years ago and posted a review then.  I feel guilty as I've been busy and haven't been back to see him until today.  Long overdue.  I've recommended John to quite a few friends and everyone has had an exceptional experience.  I went back today for a hot stone massage and, to no surprise, it was outstanding.  Everything about the experience was top notch.  The decor and aesthetic of John's studio is tasteful and automatically puts you in a relaxed state of mind.  John himself is a very calming person who asks relevant questions and tailors his treatment based on the answers you give him.  Here it is 3 hours after my treatment and I feel amazing.  On top of excellent service and treatment, as read in my previous review, John's an insightful, very sincere person who is genuinely one of the good people out there and those are hard to find!
5	Our love affair with Space began 3 years ago...I was planning our staycation birthday celebration (when you & your partner have the same birthday the celebration becomes an event!!) at the Arizona Biltmore Resort - I was looking for a massage therapist that would do an 'out-call' to the resort. I found Space on yelp - John came to our suite at the Biltmore and the affair began! After my man's massage, all he said was, 'that was the BEST massage I have ever had'Then I had my massage & i agreed with him! John is attentive to your body's needs, he clearly cares about his craft and you can tell he is not just doing a 'job'.Since then, we have had many many massages at Space. My better half goes almost 2x/month and I try to get over whenever my schedule allows - the massages are continuously as incredible as they were that wonderful first time. We are kind of massage snobs and get massages all over the world and all over the valley too (royal palms, sanctuary, etc...) and the massages at Space are better than them all!Seriously, go get a massage here, your body will thank you!! (and then walk over to LGO for an iced tea & croque monsieur - its right next door!!)
5	I first met John at a concierge event he held at the Moss Wellness Spa over four years ago.  Before Meeting John, I didn't have a particular massage therapist I went to see, choosing to select my massages by locations (the Biltmore Spa, the spa at the Phoenician, etc) that I loved instead. All that changed with John. He is, hands down, the most wonderful massage therapist ever. John will truly listen to your needs. I walk out of his studio feeling amazing and repaired. I saw him on a regular basis through my entire pregnancy too and I firmly believe that I was the first woman in my family to not get stretch marks because of his prenatal massages! My sister and I were pregnant at the same time and used the same products, the only difference being my prenatal massages at Space. The Space Massage Studio is serene and makes you feel like you're in a private haven far away from the world. And since I'm a sucker for a good location, naturally I am thrilled that Space Massage Studio is not actually far away from the rest of the world, but rather located next to La Grande Orange/Postino in the beautiful Arcadia. Go see John. You absolutely will not regret it.
5	I have only had one massage done by another guy which I did not relax or enjoy. Generally I am not comfortable with a guy giving me a massage. I have been following John on Twitter for about two years and decided to give it a shot when he offered again, like many times, to help me with my neck. John first invites you into his home and keep a comfortable distance from you and asks several questions about your lifestyle so he can get a feel of what treatment he needs to provide. (It can be odd knowing you're going to a man's house being a woman for a massage!) His studio is next to his home, which is beautifully done and very clean. The environment is relaxing and professional. I felt completely grounded after my massage and my body alignment was perfect. I was very pleased and was completely relaxed and had one of the best nights of sleep I've had in a long time. This will not be your usual massage and I highly recommend. Looking forward to my next "planned" massage from John! Like Nike - Do it.
5	I knew I was in for a great massage when, before getting started, John and I engaged in a brief conversation around his humble questions, What is it about massage that you love? How do you feel after a massage? I had never been asked that before by a massage therapist, and felt grateful for his thoughtfulness. John makes the massage personal and comfortable so that you feel at home. My partner surprised me with a session for my birthday, and there was no better way to celebrate! I loved that, during the massage, no part of my body felt separate from another. Everything felt connected and whole. For example, while John would be working on my back, there were warm towels grounding me at my feet. The session was full of consciousness and careful attention. I can't narrow down what kind of massage John offered to me that day, which is my preference anyway. He artfully combined Swedish, Thai, deep tissue, and his knowledge of yoga encouraged me to continue this healing process on my own. Thank you John for a wonderful session on this special day!
5	Being it was my first time, I was little uncomfortable but John made me feel relaxed, he took his time with the hot stone massage. The warmth of the stones relaxed my back like I never felt. I also had a body exfoliation with ginger oil and frank intense. It was really a great first time experience. I would definitely go back before
5	Based on all the great yelp reviews I went to see John for the first time today, and had one of the best massages I've ever had! He did an amazing job, I feel like a new person, and can't wait for my next appointment!
5	Hands down best massage of my life.Found John through Yelp and decided to schedule with him after reading all of his great reviews- and I'm so glad I did! John is professional yet very therapeutic.  He takes the time to listen to areas of concern prior to the massage. I quickly learned that John has the hands of an angel & I left my session feeling completely rejuvenated and refreshed.  I especially enjoyed the stretching during the massage.Definitely plan to return on a monthly basis!
5	What an amazing massage !! Beings I am a massage Junkie , and had many a massages , this massage is amazing and in highest of my rankings for massages !!!!! Fantastic massage , great atmosphere , and I felt very comfortable !! Unfortunately , my circumstances have changed and I am going to be further away , other wise I would have done weekly , regular appointments.   This person does great massage and actually listens to you , unlike most !!!  I highly recommend him for massage. A plussssss!!!!!!! :) Thankyou so much !!!
5	I've had so many massages at so many places, it's been hard to find a massage therapist that really stands out in my mind, that is until I had my first massage with John. Professional, knowledgeable, and a true master at his craft, John manages to fix what ails me without making me cringe in pain. I am a hairstylist, and my neck, shoulders and hands suffer, in fact, I was close to seeing an orthopedic surgeon for my hands, but since my most recent massage with John, I have literally NO aching. He is absolutely a MUST, you will walk out feeling like a new person!!!!! Do it. Hurry. Off you go. Get yourself to Space and let John get you back in line!
5	John Hill at Space Massage Studio is so gifted. He truly knows how the body works and why it stops working or hurts. I went to John with some pretty bad neck pain and he relieved it quickly and without it having to hurt while he did it.The studio is beautiful, easy to find and peaceful. John's manner is gentle and present. He is so unhurried and professional!All in all, this was an amazing experience. I also consider myself a bit of a massage perfectionist because I have had many in my life (one year I went on a weekly basis) and also because as a yoga instructor I understand body therapies and movement to a fairly good degree.John is truly a healer.
5	Amazing in every way! John knows all the magical spots and how to relieve tension. He talks to you first to customize the massage for your needs. Super professional and personable.
5	John is very professional. The warm towels were an amazing treat. Being an athlete I appreciated he knew what my body needed. If I lived in the area I would be there weekly! I'll just have to fly back for massages:)
5	John isn't just a massage therapist. He's a muscle rehabilitator in many aspects. He really wants to try to get to the root of your pain or soreness, not only through massage, but through adequate prevention, whether it's through change in posture, or relaxation techniques that you can do outside of his studio. The studio itself has moved from its original location, 4 blocks away in a professional building complex. His studio is on the 2nd floor, and while there is a parking lot, about half of the spots are reserved parking, which can mean there is a paucity of spots during busy times of the day.After filling out the new client form, John went over all the questions, and discussed probable causes of muscle soreness and tension, and ways to ease up on tension in my everyday life. While your typical idea of a "deep tissue" massage involves hard kneading at your muscles, possibly causing some additional soreness to relieve those tight knots post-massage, John operates on a different modality. He prefers to use various techniques to relax the muscles without causing post-massage pain, which is counter-intuitive to him.During the massage, he used a mixture of different massage techniques, from stretching, to shiatsu, adding heat to further ease muscle tension. Each massage is specially tailored to your situation. John carefully thinks about all aspects of massage, even using a special almond oil because those with nut allergies will not have problems with it (Technically, an almond is a seed).Ever get one of those days where you just wake up angry? (Or maybe it's just me) Well, I was having one of those days, but after my massage, I was feeling great! I was ready to take on the world with a relaxed and refreshed demeanor.The price of a 60 minute massage is $80, regardless of type. John operates as a one-man-show, doing the booking and confirmations himself. His massages are definitely worth it, whether you are needing a general relaxation massage or coming in with chronic pain problems.
5	When selecting 5 stars in a Yelp review, a message displays, reading "Woohoo! As good as it gets!"  That pretty much sums up my experience with John at Space Massage Studio.  When I discovered John, I was in tremendous pain.  I was seeing a physical therapist daily for recent knee surgery and he was unable to deliver any relief whatsoever.  Even though I am a longtime software engineer and sit at a computer for hours on end, I had never experienced upper back spasms of this magnitude and duration.  I knew my body was trying to tell me something, so I decided to seek out a serious massage therapist.  While I love the services that I have received over the years at various spas in the Valley, I knew that I needed someone who could take the time and truly devote his or her focus to my individual needs.The Yelp reviews could not have been more accurate.  My first meeting with John felt like a therapy session. In an effort for John to better understand the unique impact that my environment and routine have on my body, we first discussed all my interests and habits.  He listened carefully and formulated my service to address my specific needs.  It was easily the best massage of my life and I wanted to cry when it was over.The studio is bright and airy, contrasted with the softly lit and therapeutic ambiance of the treatment room.  He uses heated towels and a heated bed, which you can tailor to your individual taste.  John is open to tailoring virtually every aspect of your service to ensure your comfort and satisfaction.I have since enjoyed 2 more massages since my initial meeting and after 3 weeks, I am pain free!  Each session, John has tried a new technique with me, based on how my body has responded to the previous sessions.  He has also discussed various methods, aside from massage, for keeping me pain free.  He has a wealth of holistic advice and knowledge and is never pushy or judgmental. If you are looking for an expert massage therapist, who will give your body the unique attention that it deserves, you must visit John at Space Massage Studio.  As you can see from the many other reviews, he is popular and beloved, but he has a way of making you feel like you are his most important client of the day. A true pro!
5	John is the best massage therapist I've ever visited, and I've been to dozens.  John takes the extra time to learn what is going on with you, and he summed up my issues and basically, me, in under ten minutes.  With this understanding, John was able to give me the best, most effective and healing massage possible.  John's understanding of the body's muscles, structure and how it all works make a massage with him a healthful and healing experience.  John's studio is very nice, and his massage room is a definite upgrade from even the tony spa's rooms.  His massage table is uber-comfortable, and it adjusts for maximum comfort.  The almond oil John uses felt amazing on my skin, and the addition of soothing lavender was a bonus.  I loved the soft music in the background; the melodic sweet jazzy sounds, so very soft and subtle, were so much nicer than the traditional New Age dissonant music lots of other places pipe in.  I was able to completely relax in a way I haven't been able to do in other massage studios.John was neither too chatty nor too quiet; he struck the perfect balance of conversation, educating me on how to take better care of myself and get the most benefits from massage.  I've had massages that have left me bruised, and some that have hurt so much I've stopped them in process.  John's massage therapy is on another plane entirely.  It's about preparing your body to heal, and it feels healing, relaxing and wonderful.Discussing further ways to continue healing with John was wonderfully informative.  John is also a teacher, and he has much wisdom to share.  We discussed methods of relaxation, the benefits of yoga, which I'm determined to try, and the importance of making an appointment to take time for yourself.  I not only felt amazingly relaxed and rejuvenated after my massage, I felt a lot smarter, too.  I'm eager to use the information I learned from John in my daily life, and I'm even more eager to book my next massage!I'm a part-time resident of Scottsdale (for now), and when I'm in town, I live quite near Scottsdale Fashion Square.  There are spas and massage studios galore in the area, including highly-touted resort spas at the Phoenician, the Scottsdale Camelback Inn and The Sanctuary.  I've visited many, and have had nice experiences.  But none have compared to the massage experience I've had with John at Space Massage Studio.  For a healthy, healing massage that leaves you feeling refreshed, relaxed and rejuvenated,Space Massage Studio is the place to go, and John is the therapist to trust.
5	I visited John last weekend after having done one too many burpees during my workout and was left with some lower back pain that barely allowed me to bend over. I found him on Yelp and the reviews sounded wonderful! I called on Friday afternoon and luckily John was able to get me in first thing the next morning. Amazingly, when I woke up the next morning, my back was about 90% better! Yippee! I thought about canceling the appointment since I was feeling so much better and saving the $$ but decided that since all the reviews were so fabulous on Yelp, I should go pamper myself a little bit. I have had a handful of massages in my life and I typically find massages just so-so regardless of the techniques. They always feel good but I've never been compelled to go back to a specific place because something felt incredible. I typically think a quick chair massage feels just as good to me as a full one hour massage. If I am going to go for a spa experience though, to me atmosphere is almost as important as the service so I really look for full experiences if I'm going to spend the money. When I arrived parking was plentiful since it was during the weekend and the studio is in a business complex. I must say, I would love to work in this building! Its very retro cool from what I saw on the short walk up the stairs to the second floor Space studio. It felt a little like something you would see in a movie. Maybe that's because I'm from the Midwest?Upon entering, I met John in the front room of the two room space and he warmly greeted me and we discussed what had happened to my back and my lifestyle. This discussion felt much different than what you typically get at any day spa or high end spa for that matter and felt more more like a treatment of the whole person rather than, 'what hurts and what pressure do you prefer?'. The space is very calm and comfortable. It was a bit intimidating at first being at a massage studio with seemingly no one around in the whole complex, with a man you just met and you are able to disrobe but based off other Yelpers reviews, I felt comfortable enough to go ahead with the massage. The back room is where the table is setup and the design feels warm and welcoming. The table was very comfortable and all through my massage, John put towels or pillows under certain areas to make sure I was as comfortable and as relaxed as possible. As other's have mentioned, the hot towels are a nice feature of the massage and I enjoyed those a lot. Throughout the massage it felt like he used various technics to help that specific area which was a welcomed new experience. It felt like he was actually paying attention to what each muscle needed individually rather than a canned performance throughout that you get at most places. As a whole, I can say the massage was one of the best I've ever had. I will say having my toes popped was new to me during a massage, and in general, and I'll probably request that be skipped next time. The massage oil had a very subtle scent that let me get through the rest of my morning and afternoon running around town without having to feel like I need a shower so that was nice as well. After the massage, I talked to John about his thoughts between yoga and Pilates since I work at a desk all day and my workouts are usually high intensity interval training sessions. He thought yoga would be more beneficial since I'm only really in full body relax mode when I'm sleeping so I'm looking forward to taking some classes at a studio he recommended close by my place!I think next time I'll plan a nice lunch at Postino's post massage with a glass of wine where I can enjoy my totally relaxed body. :)
5	I found SPAce through Yelp based on the good reviews.The Studio was easy to find and parking was open.  When I arrived John was finishing up with another client and acknowledged that I was there and would be just a few moments.  (Acknowledgement goes a long way with me...means you appreciate me). Once he finished with the prior client, he sat down with me and discussed what I needed.I was in town for work and glad to find John as my left shoulder was hurting from the uncomfortable hotel bed.I would reccomend John; especially for ongoing treatment.  :)
5	The place was very nice clean, buddist zen feel, with relaxing soft music. Gave great instructions on how to get there and how to make my experience more relaxing through his insight. Did a great job, profesional, and also had a relaxed and focused way. Recomend it.Massage is with clothes on and in a room with the rest of the other clients. FYI.  This was a little wierd for me, but it was good.
5	Very calming, enjoyable, holistic experience, more than just a massage. John does a great job making you feel comfortable and sharing thoughts about bigger picture ideas to feel good. Highly recommend.
5	WOW,WOW,WOW...John is amazing! He knows how to treat his customers, his prices are very reasonable, he takes the time to get to know you first and find out what your expectations are. He has a very calming personality that just relaxes you before he even starts the massage. What makes John so good at what he does is the fact that he has training in several types of massage techniques. You will not be disappointed. I wish I lived close by, I would see him on a regular basis. I am in town visiting from Georgia. I am a high level cyclist with back and neck issues. He claims not to be a miracle worker, but I think a few more visits to him and I would feel like new again. While waiting for my ride home I got to enjoy the koi pond that is centrally located in the business park too. Very Zen.
5	I am now most of the way through my second pregnancy and have been scheduling with John on a regular basis to help my body adjust. Space has a bodyCushion pillow for maternity massage and it is HEAVEN.  During my prenatal massages I can lie face down and the pillow supports my back, spine, and hips allowing my weight to be distributed evenly around a belly pocket. As all pregnant mothers know, being able to lie on your stomach while pregnant is near impossible. It is a true treat and joy to be able to lie face down while getting my amazing massage! John began using the pillow starting at about 11 weeks and we are still using it at 32+ weeks. The pillow has fit my varied sizes perfectly all along my pregnancy! The only problem is how sad I am that I don't have one of these special pillows at home.     John is highly attuned to my needs, which is the main reason why I have been a loyal client for almost 5 years now.  Whether pregnant, having soreness from working out , or just in need of relaxation after a long work week, he always adjusts his techniques and style for me.  This customization is hard to find at the resorts and "massage mills" that we have to choose from here in the Valley of the Sun.
5	A friend who runs a lot suggested I look up John's studio when I was in a bunch of pain training for my first Ragnar Relay.  I echo everything said here by the other yelpers...not only did John take time to ask me about my physical activity levels and inquire as to what I was hoping to gain from the massage, he made several polite suggestions on ways to improve my quality of life once our hour was up.  I used to have a monthly membership to a local spa and John said he is in the process of establishing a similar program at SPACE. As soon as that happens I am signing up! Definitely worth the money and I can't wait to go back.
5	John is definitely a wonderful massage therapist!  His studio is peaceful.  I felt as though I had high end treatment at an affordable price.  Very detailed oriented and extremely knowledgeable about the body.  Not forceful yet very effective.  I would absolutely refer him and I plan on going back.
5	You know what's better than Magic Mike?Magic John at Space MassageDeserves another round of applauseGained a new fan, a new addition to your entourageMuscles so tightHad a girl losing the fightNot a very pretty sightBut you got me on that tableUnstable. Disabled. Worked your magic and I became enabled to walk again, work again, and most importantly, twerk againI love how you can read my bodythen customize a massage, leaving my joints feeling groggy,relaxed, and back in alignmentyour focused touch is a refinementI leave the studio feeling like a happy Buddhawho just got back from relaxing in the Bermudas
5	Therapeutic,relaxing, personal attention. Not your hotel "spa" experience but more skillful application of the hands to achieve the results not the assembly line approach. Highly recommended!
5	Great massage and appreciated his instructions on how to relax even before starting.  Nice small studio.  I recommend him for any type of massage, but if you are athletic and need a deep massage I would look no further.
5	John is completely AMAZING at what he does.  Unfortunately, I do not get to visit him as often as I want. The random times I am able to go, he remembers me, which is completely awesome!  John doesn't just give you a massage.  He gives an experience.  He spends time getting to know about you.  And while it feel likes a friendly chat, he uses that to know just where to work and help you relax more.  Every chance I get, I recommend John and his studio.  He is at the top of my list of all time best massages!
5	Still 5 stars!!! Space has recently moved to a new 'space' but that is all that's changed - the massages are still of the highest quality & John is thoughtful & deliberate in determining the needs of your body. I recently had a spa day at the royal palms for Mother's Day & during the quick massage that was part of the body scrub - I thought 'I wish I was getting this massage & space!' Seriously - none of the spas in the valley offer the quality that Space does! And for that, my back is happy!
5	What can I say, other than that John Hill is pure magic. I can count the number of decent massages I have had on one hand, and until today, I don't think I knew what a great massage really was. John is simply blessed with a gift. He is shrouded in peace, and has an uncanny ability to really hear what is going on inside of the human body. I entered Space seeking relaxation and relief from pain, and as my pain melted away, I found total serenity. I'm not a regular seeker of massage, but I have a feeling that after today, I will be!
5	It doesn't get much better than John at Space!  Each time I go to see him he will thoughtfully chat with me for a bit to see where I'm at mentally, what I'd like to achieve with my massage, what changes have happened to my body, my workout, my stress level, etc... He will perfectly cater the massage based on what he learns.  I recommend him to as many people as I can, and now I'd like to do so on yelp as well!
5	I've been a professional massage therapist for 4 years, and have received many massages. John's  work is really some of the best. He took plenty of time to listen to my needs, and gave an incredible massage that made me feel like a new person! I highly recommend him!
5	Holy Heavens!! John's work is like nothing I've ever experienced!! I cannot say enough good about John, the energy of the studio, and my massage!! You won't find someone better!
5	Don't let the office building environment fool you. Inside the massage room at Space Massage is a sanctuary. Soft music. Dim lighting and candles. Warm towels. Yummy smelling oil. And last but not least, the massage! John is amazing. He asked me at the beginning of the session what I thought made a great massage and I really was at a loss. It's just a certain quality and whatever that quality is, this place has it. John's strokes are confident, assured and strong. He didn't interrupt my massage at all with any conversation, it was just peaceful and quiet. I felt utterly relaxed and I really did not want to leave. This will be my go to place in Phoenix.
5	I had a 60 minute massage with John today.  I chose to go to Space Massage Studio solely based on the positive Yelp reviews I had read.  John is a very personable gentleman and is truly interested in how he can provide the best massage for you and your particular needs. John focused on my main areas of concern and I felt great after.  I call it "massage drunk" - you may call it euphoria.  All the other reviews are spot on.  John will provide a massage you will appreciate and enjoy.
5	I've received three massages from John at Space Massage Studio - I'm really convinced it's the best massage in Phoenix. I've had work from all over the country and many different styles of massage, and am a massage therapist myself, so I have very high standards when it comes to picking a massage therapist. Everything about the experience at space is perfect! The studio is lovely; simple, chic, calming, AND so close to La Grande Orange I can make a pit stop for some goodies and poke around the Arcadia area after a session. Not only do the massages feel amazing while receiving them, but the effects actually last and I'm never sore afterwards. Because John runs the whole show, I never feel rushed or like I'm being hustled for return business like some of the bigger spas do. He takes lots of time, and adds all of the little perks like hot towels for hands and feet. I just couldn't ask for more!
5	I had a minute massage with John today and it was one of best massages that I have had.  I am visiting the area on vacation and decided to make an appointment with John after reading his reviews on yelp. John takes the time to find out what areas are problematic for you and he uses different methods to work the area. He is very knowledgeable in his craft.  I look forward to another massage with John when I am back in Arizona.
5	After a hell of a week at work, I deserved some relaxation and a friend recommended Space Massage Studio. It was the best choice I made all week. After the session I felt like new and ready to take on the world. Now it's my turn, I truly recommend this place.
5	What do you say about a studio that has nothing but 5-star ratings? LOL.  Well anyway ... I insist on adding to the heap.  John was absolutely excellent from the time I booked the appointment to the time I left the studio.  His demeanor is professional, caring, and warm.  He exudes a unique energy that is felt in his hands as well - kind of a clean/respectful/inspiring masculine energy.  I could sense that he had been in service to others for a long time and that he loved it, like a bartender or chef that really takes pride in his craft.  I got the hot stone treatment and the aromatherapy.  These two additions were like the icing on the cake - I recommend both to everyone.During my massage I experienced some spiritual enlightenment. I had specifically come to him on a spiritual journey and he was able to cater to this very seamlessly.  He has a background in yoga and was open-minded to listening to my problem and helping determine things he could do (and things I could do to help me after the massage was over).  I saw many visions of very comfortable almost exotic scenes during the massage, almost like pieces of art that were created in this dream state I found myself in.  They appeared to further instill serenity, and mesh with the very cool energy that was already inherently in the room.  I was reconnected with some very positive memories during the feeling of negative energy release that happened through his work too.  I was just very impressed overall with what happened during the session, and I truly believe it was because of John's insistence of making the session "about you."  He does have a knack for doing exactly that, and I was totally not expecting it. I will definitely be back for more.
4	Deep massage was lovely. I appreciated the use of heated towels on my back while he was working other areas. All in all I feel very relaxed and am very happy with my service. Its hard to find good massages and I'll definitely keep this place in mind when I'm in town. The parking lot is behind the building. The neighborhood made me a bit nervous but I think it's just because I'm not from here. Came mid day and it was fine.
