4	The Mid Town Pub has basically become my local for three reasons: it's the closest to my apartment, it has free WiFi, and it has good food & service.  It will never be the fanciest or trendiest place even in Middleton, but what they do they do well and overall the Mid Town Pub is just a friendly place.  It is located at the end of the smaller of two strip malls on Allen Blvd.  I like the location because I can actually walk there from my place, though attempting to do this in winter with cranky Chicagoans is not advisable.  There's parking in the lot too, if your friends from Chicago can't be arsed to walk down the street.  Seriously, it was not even half a mile and not even cold out at all - I guess when you go to small liberal arts colleges or Iowa you don't walk to the bars if you can't see them from your front door.  They'd have never cut it at UW.  But I digress...  There's a little patio outside in the summer months, which is nice especially since smoking is allowed inside (at least until next March).  Even so, the Mid Town Pub is better ventilated than most places.  The place gets pretty packed on Friday and Saturday nights but generally has a good vibe.  During the day there are lunch specials and always a few games on the tvs.  I especially like food here.  The menu is surprisingly broad and contains a lot beyond the standard bar fare.  My personal favorite is the buffalo chicken wrap, because it's made with diced cucumbers and is just delicious.  I also recommend the turkey reuben and turkey californian sandwiches, and I recently tried the porta-bleu sandwich which is a portabella mushroom cap with fried onions and artichoke hearts with bleu cheese - amazing.  They serve "MTP Gyros" until bartime but I've never been in the right frame of mind, let's say, to try one.  The appetizers are also well done, and most of these are served up to bartime as well.  Standards like cheese curds and and mozzarella sticks are good, but my favorite are the spicy chicken bites, which are great for sharing around a table with your friends.  The Mid Town Pub calls itself a "WiFi Bar and Grill" and I would say that half of the times I've been here I've brought my laptop.  It is a great way to spend a Sunday afternoon, sitting at a table doing a little work while having a beer and watching the game.  The last time I stopped in I was editing a few reports while watching the Cubs dispatch an opponent while the Crew simutaneously lost.  I got the stink-eye from some other patrons due to my enthusiasm, but the bartender revealed that she too was a Cubs fan and said, "Don't take any guff from these swine."  Cub-friendly bartenders and HST references will make me a devotee every time.
4	Stopped in to the Mid Town Pub after my disastrous experience at Jos. A Bank earlier tonight.  A cold beer sounded delicious.We strolled in around 8:30pm, and the place was a bit slow, which was just fine by us.  We bellied up to the bar, where we were promptly greeted by a super friendly bartender by the name of Matt.  He asked what he could get for us, and we ordered a Miller Lite and a Spotted Cow, both taps.He made some small talk with us, and we volunteered that we had just moved to the area.  He gave us a huge welcome, and suggested we take a peek at the menu.  Neither of us were terribly hungry, but the menu offerings were diverse and interesting.We ordered a chicken salad stuffed tomato and a cup of chili.  Our food arrived within a few minutes, and it was awesome.  The stuffed tomato wasn't mayonnaise-based, but rather yogurt-based.  And while it smelled strongly of onion, the flavor was mild and delicious.  Definitely a great surprise, especially for "bar food fare."  The chili was incredible, and featured shredded beef that was tender and flavorful.Matt also shared with us the fish fry menu, and I can honestly say that I can't wait to go back and give it a try.  While we were sitting at the bar, the cook came out and asked how we liked our food - we thanked her for the delicious fare, and asked about the fish.  She said, "I've had a bunch of fish frys in my lifetime, and ours is pretty solid.  There are a few out there that are a little better, but I'd rank ours right up there with the best of them."That's all I needed to hear.  The folks struck me as honest, caring, and genuinely interested in what we had to say.  The price was extremely reasonable as well.  I'll definitely be back!!Food offerings ranged from burgers and wraps to a triple-decker grilled cheese and a cauliflower-cheddar soup.  Definitely a wide selection of food offerings.  They have about a dozen beers on tap, most of which are local.  $1.50 tap specials were a nice touch as well!Smoke-free, great food, nice selection of beers, and top-notch service?  Please, it's a no-brainer... visit the Mid Town Pub - you won't be disappointed!
4	Looks can be deceiving!  We have passed by this place dozens of times and never thought it was much more than what it looked like from the outside, just another bar in a strip mall.  How wrong we were!  Last night we wanted to go out and have some good Wisconsin 'pub' food, but wanted to try someplace different.  After looking through reviews of numerous places on this site and others, I decided to give this place a try.  My family was a little skeptical at first, but once we entered fears began to ease.  The size, layout, decor and most importantly the food were all top notch for a pub.  The only reason I didn't give it five stars was picayune, but important to me.  Last night was Friday which means Fish Fry in Wisconsin.  Of course this meant I had to partake in the all you can eat version of it!  While the initial plate was plentiful and reasonably prepared, it took FOREVER to arrive and no one ever asked if I wanted more.  I'm sure this was probably due to them being packed, but even so it did detract a little for me from my overall take on the place.  That being said, we are eagerly awaiting our next visit there!
5	My initial review was based on just a handful of experiences; this follow-up summarizes the results of my many repeat visits to what I believe to be Middleton's finest Pub.I've eaten here countless times since my initial review, and every meal has been excellent: from salads to soups to the burgers and fish fry.  The MTP can cook a mean meal.Service remains unbelievably top-notch.  You won't find an unfriendly person in the place, and I really - honestly - get the feeling that the servers, cooks, and owner care about your experience.  I'm always made to feel at home; the staff all remember your name and favorite beverage, and they make good conversation.The patrons are great as well - I've met countless people that have been super friendly, interesting, and fun to chat with.  No one gets belligerent or out of hand, which is a welcomed "plus."I've had the fish fry several times, but this last visit was nothing short of incredible - they keep tweaking things and improving them, and it shows.  Go there for an excellent fish fry - the offerings are vast, the pricing is reasonable, and the fish is stellar.  Just be sure to get there early!Great drink prices, great food, excellent juke box, friendly environment, and incredible staff = WIN.  Oh, and they serve food until a ridiculously late hour - like 1:00am or so.5 stars all the way around.
4	Very good.  Nice staff, good bar food selection and nice space.  I am reluctant to eat at a restaurant in a strip mall BUTTT this place was very good.The food was good.  Loved the homemade mushroom soup.  The waitress was VERY friendly.  The clientele was relaxed and subtle.  As I wind down my year in Wisconsin I can definitely say this place is very Wisconsin and for that I appreciate it even more.
4	Love the popcorn on all tables, love the friendly staff (they all work together to cook, bartend and wait- and mix between themselves and your tables), decor is nice and best is the sweet potato fries! yumm-o!  I have had only the portabella sandwhich here, but lots more that I would be willing to try!one complaint was a double vodka soda was a little pricier than I would expect.
4	Middleton is admittedly not a hopping spot for swanky nightlife, but if you live in the area, it's nice to know that there's a consistently good bar with a nice staff and comfortable atmosphere. Mid Town Pub fits the bill. This is my standby when I just want to get out of the house for a drink. Sit at the bar and enjoy their fairly substantial beer selection (although they do seem to be out of a lot of the beers on their list), partake of the free popcorn, maybe shoot a game of pool, and if you're hungry, order a delicious Reuben sandwich. The staff are very nice - in a recent quest to find a bar in Middleton that could make me a Golden Cadillac, this was the only place willing to go out of their way to get me what I wanted. I'm definitely going to be a repeat customer.
5	Once inside you forget you're in a strip mall, this place is delightful.  The staff is friendly and engaging, even the owner bounces around filling popcorn and making wise-cracks.  If the bartender saw we were low on beer and our waitress was busy he'd come to our table.  In some places the staff is totally like "Not my job, I'll find your waitress *sigh*" here it was all collaborative and made the experience awesome.  Keep up the good work!
4	Have been here a number of times,usually for a few beers,rarely for food.Place is very comfortable with nice decor.What I like best about it is the top notch service!! Owner Joel makes it a practice to hire very personable,efficient employees and trains them well. Check out the "deep" sinks in the bathroom,would like to have them in my place..
4	Stopped in to watch a Chicago Bears game while my g/f and her parents went on a Frank Lloyd Wright tour.  On our way back to Chicago, I didn't want them to trek 15 mins off the hwy into downtown Madison so I decided to watch the game at Mid Town Pub.Thank you, Yelp reviews!  Great service.  My server (Shannon) chatted with me briefly and kept my drinks full.  One of the cooks came out to talk about the game a few times with the customers as well.  The servers made an effort to greet everyone and wish everyone farewell.  I also chatted with several customers who seemed to be regulars and wasn't given any grief for wearing my Bears gear in Packer-land.It was typical bar food but they had a strong selection of beers.  Plenty of TVs, friendly service, relaxed atmosphere.  Too bad it's 3 hours away...
5	Two years later and I'm still a huge fan of this place.Joel and his crew are simply stellar.  This is the epitome of what a neighborhood bar is all about.  They're friendly, welcoming, and helpful.  Even when it's packed, the service never suffers.  The food continues to be excellent, and they keep the menu fresh by introducing new items every so often - the smokehouse burger is unbelievable.The jukebox is superb, there are tons of televisions for keeping up with the game, seating is comfy and abundant, and there's even an outdoor patio that's quite nice.  And don't worry about service suffering if you sit outside - they'll take superb care of you whether you're inside or outside.Go.  Go now.  Go daily.  It's still my favorite place in all of Madison.
4	I've been to this place maybe 6 or 7 times. Once was on a random Saturday night...all the other times were for Friday Fish Fry. Boy oh boy is their fish fry fantastic! I love my fish fry with a thick,golden, crunchy batter. This place does not disappoint. The fish is always served piping hot and it's always perfectly cooked: crunchy on the outside, moist on the inside. It's never fishy tasting. They're also the only place I've ever been to in WI that serves Hamm's beer on tap. My dad drank Hamm's when I was a kid and it's the beer I grew up on. Sure it's cheap, but it's very nostalgic for me. Plus, a pint is only $2.00. Can't beat a cheap buzz..The reason I can't give a 5 star review is because one time when we went here during the summer, a waitress was rude to me. She would not accept my driver's license as a form of identification. I guess it doesn't look enough like me? I'm 26, by the way, so  not exactly underage. I finally resorted to showing her my credit card, student ID (from grad school), and work ID to prove my identity. She had a really snotty attitude about the whole thing and seemed mad that I was legitimately old enough to drink. I was ordering a beer with dinner on Friday night too--it's not like I was being rowdy or drunk. Otherwise, the service has always been great, and it's usually very easy to get a waiter to your table when you need something. They all sort of share the tables, which is unconventional.Stop by the Mid Town pub for a laid back divey atmosphere and some great food!
4	If you see Mid Town Pub from the street it's probably not something you'd be overly attracted to or think about attending.  But inside is a unique restaurant that actually does a fairly admirable job at winning people over and providing a good down-to-earth experience.The staff is very friendly, and they use a system of rotating servers which means *usually* you're attended to in prompt fashion.  I say usually because on occasion when they are busy they can forget about you a bit, but any kind of delay is met with a great deal of politeness on their part and it's never been anything too hard to handle.  I really need to give them credit for service here, they've never put me off and always have a warm heart about everything which is pretty rare these days so kudos to the manager for making sure the business is and stays this way.  Speaking of which, the manager (owner) is a bit of a quirky fellow but he's got a good spirit too and is probably the glue to what makes Midtown so unique.  And he puts in his time helping with tables or little things to make sure the service is consistent.  Bottom line, Midtown has good service down cold.The atmosphere reminds me a lot of the comfort of being at home and having a meal with your family.  A lot of wood booths, couches with TVs and video games, various bar games, older-style bar lighting, and the appropriate sports games on along with regular TV programming.  They make you feel cosy and I like that a lot about Midtown.  My only gripe really is that if I'm in the mood for something fancier this isn't really the spot, but otherwise apart from that this is the spot the vast majority of the time.The food is good if not better than most "pub food".  I give credit to them for a wide variety on the menu, just about anything you'd see at a bar is here.  I've tried a lot, and I'd say you can't go wrong with any of their chicken sandwhiches or burgers (teriyaki chicken and provoslaw burger being my favorites).  Their Walleye sandwhich is great, it's a gigantic portion and makes me want to come back everytime for more.  The chili is always worth a cup.  They even have gyros and off the map items that you wouldn't expect at most bars.  My favorite parts about the food though have to be the free popcorn that's already on the table when you get there, the huge selection of hot sauces behind the bar, and the bloody mary bar that they have once a week (I think Sundays) which has an absurdly awesome mix of goodies.  Oh, and I can't forget to mention the bowl of candy at the front when you walk in that I usually snag a guilty pleasure or two out of on every trip.Prices are incredibly reasonable, most entrees fall in the $6-12 range, so you can easily have a dinner for two there for $25 or less.  They also have specials every weekday and a good Friday Fish Fry, so make sure you get down there for it.If you haven't been, Mid Town will probably soon be a favorite of yours too
5	The food is very good bar food, although it goes beyond bar food.  My favorite item on the menu is the Mediterranean Chicken Salad with Basil Vinaigrette dressing.  There aren't too many bars that would be able to pull that one off.  The chicken on the salad is a delicious grilled chicken breast, not Sysco chicken strips that have been microwaved -- and the dressing is out of this world.  They have a very good beer list AND a very good wine list.  So although it looks like a typical Wisconsin bar, their wine list is a lot better than most.  Popcorn is always tasty and the service is prompt and friendly.  What's not to like?
1	Don't understand all the positive reviews for this place.  Employees were friendly, but the food was so-so at best and the owner was shouting at another customer about politics while I was trying to eat.  Go elsewhere.
5	A review by Steve L. from Oct. 2012 hits it on the head - simply stellar. The food is excellent and the staff works very well together.
2	Hoooo boy. I took my brother and his lady friend here for fish fry last week. I raved about how great it was, so they wanted to try. As expected, the fish was excellent: crunchy, flaky, beer battered, golden brown perfection. The service, however, was not great. It all began when my brother's girlfriend asked one of our servers if the kitchen cooks shellfish in the same oil as the fries and fish fry (she's allergic to shellfish but not regular fish). The waitress told us that shellfish has seperate cooking oil, so she ordered the fish fry with us. About 15 min after the table placed our orders, the waitress came back to tell us that shellfish is cooked in all the fryers. Our companion needed to look at the menu again to figure out something to eat...most food at the Midtown pub is deep fried, so her options were more limited now. Up to this point, actually, the service thing wasn't a huge problem. What happened next sort of ruined the night for us though. The waitress didn't come back to take our friends' new order for a long time. Meanwhile, the kitchen must have still been working on ours. Our food actually came out while she was giving her new order. Now we had to awkwardly eat while she had nothing. No one checked on us after the food was delivered either. When her food finally came out after the rest of the table was finished eating, a server inquired about our experience. We asked to talk to a manager to let them know that the service had not been excellent. The manager's reaction was defensive. She actually blamed us for not liking their weird multi-waiter system, instead of just apologizing. I get the feeling that she thought we were complaining just to get free stuff, which wasn't the case at all. She ultimately comped us a pitcher of beer, which was nice, but our dinner experience was subpar overall. Also, all the regularly priced side dishes that our allergic friend was able to choose from were fried, so she asked for a cup of soup to go with her belated entree. They charged us 4 or 5 dollars for the substitution, and didn't mention it until we got the bill. I understand charging for a more costly substitution as a matter of normal business practice, but in this situation, that seemed like the wrong thing to do.
3	Service was excellent, food was good.   It just took way too long! I will try it again another night but dinner took well over 2 hours.
5	Fantastic all around. Can't say a bad thing about this place. Everyone's incredibly friendly and the food is great. Try the curds... my favorite in town.
4	We went here for the fish fry after reading other reviews. For the most part we were very satisfied. We arrived around 5:30 and were taken to a table right away. The friendly hostess told us although she could seat us immediately, the kitchen was a little backed up. We appreciated getting this info. No problem, we were not in a hurry. Our waitress took our drink order, part of which was a vodka gimlet with olives. Tasty gimlet arrived, sans olives. After our drinks arrived, I remembered reading there was free popcorn on the tables, and could see it on other tables. We were never offered or given popcorn. It would have been nice to munch on it while waiting for our dinner. Our dinners came out after not too long of a wait, we all had the deep fried cod with fries. You also get cole slaw and a piece of garlic bread. It was all solid, we all actually liked the addition of a piece of garlic bread. Fish and fries were both piping hot and tasted great. Cole slaw was average. At this time I ordered another vodka gimlet and stressed WITH OLIVES. Again, tasty gimlet sans olives. Just don't get how they can't get it right twice??  The place itself is bigger than it looks from outside, appears bright and clean, and all the staff we dealt with were extremely friendly. Maybe bring your own olives if you require them, and then it will be complete.  We will definitely return.
3	We have been going to the Mid-Town Pub for many years with at least three dozen visits mainly for the Friday fish fry/grill. The cod you get here is as good as you will find anywhere. Now for some gripes. 1.The service. A policy that all waitstaff share waiting on all customers works fine sometimes but awful on others. As a typical example, fish order took more than an hour to arrive ( blame that on the chef I suppose) but the salads we ordered didn't arrive until after we finished the main course. A single attentive waitstaff would certainly have done a better job than having no one person being responsible for anything. 2. Sandwich menu. Other than the fish the food here is marginal. Sandwiches are generally blah with the fried walleye sandwich leading the blah category - incredibly over fried, dry with a dark brown almost black crust. If you want walleye on Friday, for goodness sake go to The Great Dane Pub!
5	Easily my favorite bar in the city. The bartenders and waiters are so friendly. They often server the more basic bar food very late into the night, which is fantastic because food is hard to find that late in Middleton.
4	3 Words For You:  BLOODY MARY BAR!Saturday and Sunday mornings starting at 11:00 am, they have a fantastic bloody mary bar with every fixin' imaginable (mozzarella whips and pickled cherry peppers...yes please)!  They hand you a generous pour of Titos on the rocks and set you free to mix up your dream concoction!  Bonus is that they're only $4.75 which includes a beer chaser of your choice!  Everything we've had off the menu has also been fantastic...the "primers" (prime rib sliders served on a toasted pretzel bun) are scrumptious and their homemade daily soups are truly homemade delicious.  YES it's in a strip mall, YES it's lacking curb appeal, but make it through the front door and you won't be disappointed...outstanding service and fabulous food!
3	We tried a half side of st. Louis style ribs with 3 generous sides for $11.95. The ribs were tasty but very fatty which is surprising since we were led to believe they were cooking all day. I think this is more of a burger and sandwich place then full meals. Excellent service and reasonable prices mean I will go back.
5	BEST KEPT SECRET IN TOWN!  Like so many have mentioned, I've driven past this place for years and never went inside.  Mistake!  Don't judge a book by it's cover as this place is Great!  Great food ~ great friendly staff (just like Cheers!) and the music was just perfect as it wasn't too loud but, loud enough to really enjoy it as the tunes were so good.  They have numerous TV's around the joint but, was very happy that the music was playing instead.  I went on Rib Night as they have homemade specials each night and I swear, it tasted just like my Grandma made it and not very often that you can say that!  There's games you can play, there's interesting people having a good time, and the ambiance was so relaxing and fun.  Drinks were good size, fair price, and the Hot Drinks for after dinner were Divine.I was solo that night, yet, I couldn't have felt more welcome and comfortable.  If you are a business traveler in the area ~ you should definitely check it out as it's got everything a lonely traveler would want.  Especially, the good home cooked meals.Five Stars, to me, isn't always about that it's gourmet or expensive.  It's that "for the category it is in - it's the best." - For a pub, it doesn't get any better than that.  Lisa, the manager, really cares about her customers and that also makes it really special.
4	Great place, good atmosphere, good pub fare, has become my go-to when I am looking for lunch and a couple Bloody Mary's or to catch the Badgers or Packers playing. Bloody Mary's are always fantastic, 2 w a couple Spotted Cow chasers are enough to have that perfect afternoon or Sunday "slow buzz" :-)Food is standard pub types, def above average taste and prep though. All in all, it's your neighborhood "Cheers" setting with a sports bar/family friendly/good time spin.
5	I found myself in the neighborhood fairly early on a Sunday morning (around 10:30am) and noticed MTP was open. Now, y'all know what a fan I am of the place, even after all of these years, but wow - their Bloody Mary bar seals my "fan for life" status.For around $5, they'll provide you with a pint glass with a healthy serving of ice and a generous pour of vodka. Then you make your way over to the BMB (Bloody Mary Bar) and prepare to get serious... no less than 8-10 unique mixers and countless accouterments - every type of pickled food you can imagine, along with seasonings, and dozens of hot sauces.The Bloody includes a chaser of your choice.And of course, there's the popcorn, which is some of my favorite stuff. The staff remains outstanding, as usual. Yay MTP!
