5	Looking for a place to get a great haircut AND be pampered?  Look no further than this salon in Gilbert!  Whether you're getting your hair done or enjoying one of their other services such as skin, nails, spray tan, make-up, keratin straightening.....or getting a great gift for you or someone else in their boutique.... you are sure to have a great experience!!
5	Zynergy is a wonderful pampering oasis in Gilbert, AZ.  The owners have put a lot of thought into the services they offer as well as how the salon looks and feels.  The front of the salon always has trendy accessories and clothing.  It's tough not to look and tougher not to purchase.I've been going to Wendy Heyden for many years for my cut and color.  She is truly amazing with hair and listens to what you want as well as suggests a particular cut/color that would be fab on you.  She's always right too.  Recently I've tried the Keratin Express straightening and absolutely LOVE it.  My hair is silky smooth, straight and the frizz is gone.Over the holidays I treated myself to the pumpkin enzyme facial and Heather, the esthetician, is super wonderful and very gentle.  This particular facial really helped clear and brighten my complexion.  I'm definitely going to treat myself more often to this service.Zynergy carries awesome products too.  I've tried the Moroccan Oil products and especially love the hair spray.  It smells soooo good!  And they carry Skin Script Skin Care which is a Tempe, AZ based company with fantastic products.  Currently I'm using the facial wash and my skin has never been better.  The other amazing Skin Script product is the Glycolic Retinol Pads.  This product in conjunction with the cleanser has helped me battle mild acne and some facial hyperpigmentation.  Amazing!!!
4	Great salon.  I love the modern look and it is so cleanly.  I definitely feel pampered when I go there.  It is well worth the trip I make from Tempe.I got a cut and color by Ashley Wright years ago and she did a phenomenal job.  I have been going back to her ever since and trust her every time she does my hair.  She listens to what I want and does it; simple as that.  She never chops inches off when I just want a trim and always gets the color just right for the season!
5	The salon ambiance is upbeat and really enjoyable at Zynergy. The space is well laid out; great combination of a salon and a boutique all in one. It's very comfortable and a welcoming place.For services, my hair is always a point of contention for me. I started going to Tricia McGinnis over 3 years ago after a few decades of hair battles; now my hair and I are getting along. She does an exceptional job on both cut and color. I've never been happier with my hair and have enjoyable company to visit with as a bonus!
5	I love Zynergy Salon!  I have been having Nora do my hair for almost 10 years - and I couldn't speak highly over her!  She ROCKS!  The salon is clean and modern and a really fun place to hang out while getting pampered and pretty!
5	I've been going to Zynergy for a while and love this salon. They have the absolute best nail tech, Pam. I highly recommend Pam. She is awesome.
4	I love Zynergy. Actually, I should say I love Michele - my stylist at Zynergy! Everyone there is super friendly though, and the place is always kept clean and welcoming.I'm always greeted right when I come in and directed to the chairs to wait for Michele. They have water available and I'm pretty sure they have other stuff to drink as well.My only complaint is the shampoo stations. They are super uncomfortable chairs, so you have to try to hold your neck up when they wash your hair - otherwise you end up with a terrible neck ache.But as long as Michele is there, I will continue to come back!
5	After searching for months I found Michelle King at this salon. She gave me the EXACT color I'd been trying to get for years! I had to leave the state for eight months and I missed her desperately. I tried many other places and nobody seemed to be able to understand what I want. As soon as I got back to the area I called her so I could get it fixed. One wouldn't think having a simple cut like mine it would be so hard to have it cut right, but it was. I'm so glad I can have her do my hair again. If I had endless amounts of cash I would fly her in or fly to her to have her do my hair. The salon is at a great location. They keep it clean and everyone is so friendly. Michelle is very talented and so personable. Heather does my waxing and she's so great. She's very detailed with her work.  I hate getting it done, and she's very understanding and quick for me. LOVE THIS PLACE!
5	Hi my name is Jasmine and I want to say this is an awesome salon. They are freindly. They normally only go by appointments but i was thankful that nora i belive who did my hair took me last min. I did a big change. i cut 11in off of my hair and put some red low lights in it. She did an awesome job! I love it so much.  I kept saying for months that i was going to cut my hair but i wanted to find the right place to get it done at.  They are very clean as well. They took a before and after picture of my hair too! Ill be back for sure and i will def recommend this salon to my friends!
1	I spent a lot of time looking for a salon and was really excited to try this place because of its great reviews. I went in with pictures of the design I wanted my hair to look like for the special occasion. Initially, I thought the people were not friendly. I felt that the woman who did my hair was not paying attention to what I wanted or the pictures I cam in with and kept saying she has done this a lot. I also felt that I was a burden to them.The first attempt was a disaster. I was going for a simple elegant undo. Instead it looked like a Navajo woven basket, which I usually love, but not on my head. The second attempt was a huge donut (sock bun look). I did not want that either! Why wasn't anyone listening to me or looking at my pictures? I almost cried at this point. The woman doing my hair just kept saying how I have so much hair and then started asking the other women what to do. At this point, I was ready to leave with my hair down. I kept saying it's fine if they cant do it and I will just go. If something is beyond your scope of practice, admit that you can't do it and don't waste your client's time. I understand you have been doing this for 15 years, but maybe those circumstances were different.Finally, one of the women (who was the only nice one there) came to my rescue and told her what to do. Any youtube video can show you these tricks. I didn't even want to look at the third attempt. I just thanked her and left. The hair looked decent, but it was not worth all that emotional stress. My whole day was ruined because of those 2.5 hours. Try another salon. One that appreciates your business, talks to you about what they are going to do, and doesn't make you cry. The only positive is that their prices are reasonable. BUT, you pay for what you get and I would much rather pay more for a better experience and end product.
5	If you are looking for a friendly salon & a great stylist, come here & see Michele King. She will listen to your requests/concerns & will help you go from there. She does a great job with my curly hair. Although I usually ask her to blow it out when I go for my appointment, she definitely knows what she's doing because my curls look great. She also does a wonderful job with color &/or highlights.  If you are looking for a new stylist, give her a try, you won't be disappointed.  Check out her stylist page on https://www.facebook.com/michelekingstylist
5	Miracle worker, Michelle King, has done it again. The Grey is gone and replaced with vibrant color! The cut and style is so complimentary and easy for this working mom to replicate. The support staff at Zynergy are also wonderful. A hot cup of coffee was brought to me and I was asked by several staff if I needed anything. Everyone is always pleasant and friendly at Zynergy.
5	Pam does my nails here. She is amazing! Every time I ask her to use gel, she uses real gel not the powder that some people like to pull off as gel. I can show her any picture and she does it. She is amazing.
1	I was visiting my family on the east side and needed to get a wax like yesterday! My aunt recommended a place walking distance from her house. I went and saw two places that offer waxing. I went into this location with my daughter. The stylists and their clients just stared at me no hello nothing *cricket cricket * I then looked over their prices and services $15 for an eyebrow wax was a bit much but I was willing to pay it as I was in a salon not just a nail spa. After this one of the stylist asked if I was there to meet someone ( as she's walking away) I responded " no, I'm looking to get a wax do you have the availability?" She looked at me and continued a conversation with her client and doing her hair..I stood there literally 3 minutes waiting for someone to get me and take me to the waxing room no one followed up-nothing. I went next door to get my wax services!! Word of advice to this salon greet your customers and not look at them like they're lost if you want their money and time.
5	I have been going to Cindy, one of the owners for years now and she is literally a genius. Never skip the blowout with her because every time I step out her door I leave feeling like a goddess. She's incredible and so much fun and is always trying to help in any way she can. I have referred several of my friends to her and she is amazing with all different hair types.
5	I have flown from out of state (repeatedly) to have Wendy do my hair. She has been my one and only for almost a decade. She's amazing!
