4	I generally like museum stores but this one is exceptionally good. I am never disappointed whether I'm there just to browse or if I'm looking for a gift - you can't go wrong. Very cute handbags, kitchen accessories, cards,  some of it is affordable and some not. It's one of the few good stores on State Street.
4	One of my favorite spots when shopping on State Street. My faves are the cards, books, and little knick knacks like business card holders and the like. It's a bit pricey, but this is a great spot to find unique items for yourself or to make a great gift!
5	I often find museum stores are fantastic spots to pick up unique gifts. The Madison MCA store is no exception.  Lots of nice stuff in here, ranging from jewelry to handbags to blown glass to unique kitchenware (yup, you heard right, kitchenware!).  I found some great spoons & spatulas that are designed with a bend in the handle so they sit up off the counter - no need for a spoon rest!  By no fault of the MCA shop, I had to return twice, after Lola (our charming 84lb bulldog) mistook the first set of spoons for fancy-doggie-chew-toys.  BOTTOM LINE: Lots of unique gift items ranging from fancy to fun, pricey to affordable.  Definitely worth popping in!
4	Art museum stores - - the place where my eyes go to wonder and my dollars disappear. Madison's store was no exception, however, I did an impressive job of fighting off my desire to purchase every children's artsy craftsy project and book under the roof. Following a mosy around the square, the store caught our eye with it's sleek interior and wraparound glass windows luring in the customers. I have to admit we never even made it to the museum (sad face) but we did give the store a fair chunk of our time by checking out the clever cards, jewelry with beautiful gingko leaves and pearls, hand-crafted belts, home decor (perfect spot for housewarming presents) and my favorite, the kids items that range from masterpiece books with create your own art pages to anything else that promises your child will be able to do something besides play video games.
5	A gem for gifts, particularly unique jewlery and decorative items. The carefully curated store is run by a talented team who are eager to help you find interesting gifts for friends, family, or yourself. The store rewards MMOCA members with discounts, Langer Society members get the best deals. This should is a go to for personal, corporate,  or family gifts.
