3	A good place for takeout. Good location, right around the corner from Fry's. Fast, friendly service, and the food was pretty good.
1	DISGUSTING!!!!!!!!!!!  The staff are very rude, they do not refill your water, wipe their snot on their sleeves, and speak in Chinese, barley speak the language.  Their fried chicken lemon was frozen in the center, and I found a beetle in my rice!!!!!!  I don't think they truly respect and take pride in owning a business in America.  I will never come back.
5	My husband and I have been eating here for years. They are always friendly and quick to make our food.  Their pot stickers & eggrolls are to die for.
5	Love it!
3	Great place for specials anytime although lunch is cheaper.  I usually go there when working in the Peoria area and have never been disappointed.  The price is always good too.
4	Very good we go here all the time.  Their take-out is fast and reliable.  I recommend them to friends all the time.
3	Good Chinese food for a good price.  The MuShu pork is good but different - hot & Sour soup is good.  I'd go again.
4	Had to find a new place when Golden Star on Bell rd. closed. My family and I have eaten here 4 or 5  times.The staff is friendly and courteous, the restaurant is clean.The food is served quick and is always hot and fresh. The Orange Chicken is the best I have ever tasted anywhere. My wife and I usually enjoy the Shrimp w/vegetables and our kids split a large Orange Chicken. I must admit the I find myself sneaking pieces of the chicken throughout the meal. The crab puffs are good but the egg rolls are not really impressive.
1	Eggroll had 1 tablespoon of filling. Unacceptable. They were a gross mouthful of uncooked wrapper. Incredibly bad.The wings were dry but acceptable. Nothing to return for.The Kung Pao chicken had chicken, stringy green onions, and a tablespoon of peanuts. No texture. No spice. Just sugary sauce and mush. Really bad. It used to have celery, water chestnuts, and carrots. It sorely misses that textural element.The Kung Pao broccoli was the same as above without chicken. I requested extra spicy. I got a spice level appropriate for a young child.  Too sweet for me to even eat. It went in the garbage.The egg drop soup was really good, but there was nothing in it but broth, egg white, and about a teaspoon of mushroom and water chestnut. It at least had good flavor.I will NOT be returning.  I would not spend a penny in this broken down joint that made the decision to increase profits by cutting quality.   Go the extra block to Good China for the quality.  This place will be shuttered in no time.
1	I ordered take out, so this review won't include customer service, etc. My coworker and I ordered orange chicken, fried rice, egg drop soup and crab puffs. Every single thing was completely disappointing. The orange chicken had a thick marmalade texture and did not taste very good. The fried rice was just what the name is--fried rice. There weren't onions, scrambled eggs, peas or carrots. I would have been better off ordering white rice; pretty much the same thing. The egg drop soup was not very good either. And the crab puffs hardly had any filling. I was really craving Chinese food at the time and I was so disappointed when I took those first bites. I won't be trying this place again.
5	I love this place! The orange chicken here is amazingly good and their portions are huge! The waitress is always very nice and even remembered all of our favorites.
4	We have come here for years, really do like this place.  Food is reasonably priced and consistently good and always fresh.  The staff is very nice.  It's not fancy but it is comfortable and welcoming.  Great neighborhood place.   I don't get some of the 1 star reviews, especially from someone who has been there several times.  If a place is so bad it only deserves 1 star then why would someone come back??  How do you trust a review from someone like that?
