5	Best Filipino Food in town. I was introduced to this great place by my best friend who's father when I was a teen used to make some flavor-filled dishes that woke both us up in the morning to a strong mouth-watering aroma that stinged your nose. But that very smell gave me the most greatest hunger. This place is very similar to how he used to cook his dishes for us. They have a chain restaurants in CA also ( which I always go to) This is the only place I go when I have a craving for some authentic Filipino food... dishes like my favorite ground beef and veggies in a orange sauce or anything with chunks of meat in it with veggies.My most favorite dish to get is the Pork Sinigang. It is thee best here. Soooo much kick in this soup... one spoon sip and you'll be gulping it down or putting it all over your rice. It's just the greatest tasting dish there. I cannot get enough of it. I usually take it to go in a big to go container and just enjoy the flavorful sour soup at home. It was a bunch of green beans, spinach or cabbage and chunks of pork meat in a tamarind base soup. If you don't like sour than skip this and try all the other great entrees. There are so many to choose from and you just have to go with what looks good... well maybe not coz some dishes look messy and not that appealing but they sure taste delicious. Oh yea they also have this mango drink that I always get... very refreshing on a hot thirsty day. Don't forget the vinegar and garlic sauce that should be on the corner of the restaurant. It's an extra zig for your taste buds =)
3	Yea ok so I know this chain from LA as well. But when this opened up here. I'm not sure if the smell is that fantastic inside. If you're not used to filipino food. Go easy. Don't try the fish right away. Go easy - try the lechon, (crispy pork) or even the beef caldareta, maybe chicken or pork adobo, just don't hurt yourself. Pancit noodles and lumpia are always safe. Sometimes I eat here and I get sick from all the fatty stuff. So eat in moderation if you have the same problem. If you want a nice sit down filipino place - Try Salo Salo grill. Most of the places in town are buffet like. Thus a lot of times the food has been sitting...Hehehe I said thus....What a funny word.
4	I was stuck in traffic on the strip - no surprise!  But, I was SO hungry after my flight that when I saw the word 'Bahay', I became so excited and did a jacked up turn to make it into the parking lot.  Stepping inside was like heaven.  Especially to a person delusional from hunger.  They have all the Filipino food you could imagine...honestly, it was that big of a selection.  After much debate, I decided on the kare-kare (ox-tail in peanut butter) and sinagang (tamarind broth soup).  With a heaping pile of steamed rice.  Under $10.  Deal alert!  The kare-kare was realllllly good.  (ALMOST as good as my mom's.)  You know how some places skimp out on the peanut butter?  Nope, not this place!  Peanut buttery goodness.  Sinagang, yum.  It had so many veggies and such a nice broth that it balanced the heaviness of the kare-kare.  I think I sat in the booth for a good 10 min after I was done eating. Food coma at its finest.
3	The food here is alright. I had a two item combo with Kare-Kare and BBQ Chicken.Kare-Kare - I definitely have had better. I thought it was bland. Also, you have the option to not have any tripe in your serving, which is kind of nice.BBQ Chicken - This item was good. It is kind of like my mom's marinade, but obviously, I love hers better. The lady who helped me was super funny. She kept calling me "baby." It made my experience interesting.I am not sure if this place is the best in Las Vegas for Filipino food. I definitely will be trying other places first before I ever come back.
3	place has hot food that acutally is good. great for take out and dine in although the place is small so it fills up fast.nothing remarkable about the food being served. all are staples in a typical pinoy fare.
3	I was in the Las Vegas Chinatown looking for food.  I could not decide what to eat.  Then suddenly I saw the sign "Filipino fast food".  I was really surprised. This was the last thing I expected to see in Chinatown, let alone Las Vegas.  Since there is a shortage of Filipino restaurants, I decided it was a no brainer to go to this restaurant.The place was virtually empty, compared to the packed mediocre Chinese restaurants in Chinatown.  I was not impressed by the decor and ambiance of the establishment.  The food was fine.  The customer service was not warm, but fast and efficient.  I order the ground beef dish, sausages, and rice.  Overall, the food is less greasier than what I normally expect from Filipino food.  The sausage had less fillings and was more lean and sweet, from what I usually expect from Filipino food  in San Francisco.  It was different, but good.  If I am in the Las Vegas Chinatown again, I would definitely go to this place and try out some other dishes.
5	I'm such a coconut, but I really love my native cooking.  Unfortunately, every time I've asked a relative how to make certain dishes, they've told me they have no recipe, and that they cook "according to taste".  The funny thing is that no matter who makes the Filipino food I love so much, it tastes exactly the way it's supposed to taste!  My hockey teammate brought me here with her relatives, and as soon as I walked in, it felt like I was home with my dad.  I ordered the combo with rice, chicken adobo, and pansit.  I also ordered fried rice.  The portions were just like what I would have had at my family get togethers, meaning gimongous!  And it totally tasted like the pansit, rice, and chicken adobo my dad, aunt, and grandma made!  Yummy!  I was thrilled to see they have a restaurant in Anaheim, which actually is miles from where I live, but at least I know where to go if I'm craving Filipino food near Disneyland!  The strip mall they call Chinatown is kind of funny because I never thought there would be a large enough contingent of Asians to support Asian businesses in Vegas.  So cool to see this here.
4	They have balut.The other food we had was pretty good too.
3	There are some standout dishes I've eaten here:Kare Kare was actually pretty on when I went.The BBQ chicken sticks were yummy with the usually sweet Filipino glaze, but the chicken was juicy and not dry. and some are just okay:Beef steak was a bit too greasy last time. Have not anything bad per se. I prefer Itoy Sariling Atin, but it's far. This is a more logical option to feed my moments where I just want my peoples food. Haha I'm probably one of the few Filipinos who don't cook at home AND eat out Filipino food for 90% of meals so I actually have Flip food cravings
3	The food tasted ok. They didn't give enough food or enough rice; at least not for the price. However the place was clean and the staff was friendly. The taxi driver raved about it but he wasnt a pinoy so not exactly an opinion to take too seriously. I had the caldereta which was tasty. The pusit was dry; like rubber. I barely touched it. I paid $24 for a group of four. It was ok. Not going back though.
4	Nice little turo-turo place.  Nothing like a ice cold glass for sago't gulaman in the blazing heat of Las Vegas.The place was nice and clean.  Reminds of the ones in the Bay Area.  Their kare-kare is yum!  Reminds me of my mom's.  So Kapit Bahay...glad to have you as a neighbor.  Would definately come back for the drinks when I'm around your area.
3	$5.95 for a 2 item combo plate with rice. You cannot substitute rice with pancit.  Additional entree is $2.95....I had the Adobong Pusit and barbecue grilled chicken. It was pretty good, but Adobong Pusit had too much oil.  I prefer Filipino food with less oil, but kind of hard to find since fat and oil is part of the culture...Kapit Bahay is in the same hood as my office, so I would come back if I feel too lazy to drive up the street to Nanay Gloria's, want to spend the same price as Nanay's AYCE buffet and prefer more oil.
3	Some people may call me a hater but usually Im predisposed to think most Filipino food is too oily or too fried or too salty or some combo therein.  Kapit Bahay actually has proven me wrong.  Setup almost in a Panda Express style, there is a someone who dishes out what you  want from behind a glass partition.   Combo meals come with rice and can be substituted for pancit but in my opinion their pancit was nothing to write home about so keep your change.  All their options are relatively good.  Nothing will wow you and want to make you book the next flight to Manila but nothing will disappoint either.  The best of the bunch include the Chicken Adobo, Menudo, and Beef Caldereta.  Service is very friendly and approachable, which is what this gringo needs.   Another nice feature is they have their full menu prepared at opening at 9am, perfect if you need a lunch to go fast and don't want to deal with a soggy sandwich or janky fast food breakfast option elsewhere.   For under 5 dollars I can leave Kapit Bahay full every time...thats enough to make this hater put away his Hater-ade.
1	This place is drowning my food with canola oil! Yikes! Heart attack awaits me, if I continue to eat here!
1	They look full so I decided to give it a try.  People standing at a Panda Express set up line, order in a foreign language, so it is usually a good sign, that the food is authentic.  But when we order the sweet and sour pork, the lady behind the glass give us All fat pork.  A minute ago, I saw she spooned all lean pork from the same dish to a lady who obviously speak their language.  So that is a big turn-off, I am not coming back again.
4	I eat here quite often and it is delicious every time! My go-to order: the 2 item combo with a heaping scoop of rice, pancit & chicken adobo. If I'm feeling like I need a little extra, I order the shrimp & veggie lumpia.. they are seriously large and in-charge tho', so make sure u bring an appetite~! The staff is super friendly and very quick! They also offer some take home goodies like ensaymada, puto, ube cake and more!This place definitely fulfills my Filipino food cravings!
4	IMO some of the best Filipino food in Las Vegas. Kapit Bahay has definitely become the Filipino restaurant that I compare other Filipino restaurants to. The food can be a bit on the oily side sometimes but I don't think its any different than sipping spoonfuls of clarified butter. What... doesn't everyone do that?
5	Hella hit the spot when needing Filipino food.  Reasonably priced, and wide selection from lechon pacsil (sp?) to longanisa to ampalaya to sinigang to chicken adobo to BBQ to caldereta... The list goes on.  Makin it hard for a girl to choose for a 2-item combo.... Dang, now I'm hungry.
1	Saw cockcroaches crawling on the floor. And there was hair on my togo when I got home. Threw the food into the trash
5	I am Filipino  and I know what is a true authentic Filipino dish - and the food at this place comes close to how my parents cook their traditional dishes (ok, maybe their dishes may not contain as much grease, but the taste reminds me of home cooked meals). I am honestly shocked at the lower ratings because this has to be one of the better Filipino restaurants I have tried. And trust me, I am a VERY picky eater. I have nothing to complain about. The food is great tasting, its cheap, and it's fast.
4	Food here was really good or was i just really hungry and extremely buzz from the marquee day club pool party..but other than that, the prices were reasonable..big portion..they hook it up! i forgot what i had..i think it was menudo and pork adobo..gggggreasy goodness..served over a bed of rice..i think it came out to under $5..parking here is a bit packed..especially during the night scenery..but overall..amazing filipino food..until next time
2	I just finished eating and it will be my last. The skinny middle aged woman was has the worst customer service ever. She was so rude and forgot to give me my second scoop of rice, but I didn't complain because I will never come in here again, food was okay but I had better and better customer service.... stay away from this place. Nanay Gloria's or itoy sariling atin is better
1	Went in for breakfast this morning,  food served was not at proper temperature.  Seems to have been day old food reheated.  The steam rice tasted spoiled.  Would never go back to this place again.
2	Chicken adobo and rice. My favorite dish. Unfortunately they only serve fried rice in the morning, I came in the late afternoon with my wife so we missed out. I would have to rate the chicken adobo a 2 out of 5 stars; bland taste better off getting some mama sita adobo packets and making it at home. Otherwise nice and clean mom and pop shop, my wife and I can barely feel the ac so expect to get a little moist now that it's summer. I paid with a credit card which added just .50 cents to my meal so your better off bringing cash. Hostess very nice and caring just like an auntie should be. It's right next to the Chinese mall and grocery store. So after you eat stretch out your stomach and walk around and see more restaurants and small shops and plenty of foot massage locations.
5	I've been going to Kapit Bahay for quite a few years now...at least since 2006 or earlier and the great thing is that I can always count on consistency in great comfort food (Pork Sinigang for me)and friendly service with a smile.  I've tried other great Filipino Restaurants but keep coming back because it feels like coming home to eat.  Plus the variety of dishes you'd want is here which give you lots to choose from.  Whenever I have my Mom & Lola come into town to visit I know they will always find something to satisfy their appetite.Today I ordered some Lumpia Shanghai for my company's Potluck party tomorrow.  I look forward to sharing with my colleagues a little piece of my culture with a favorite dish from my favorite Filipino Restaurant to eat at.
3	If you want Filipino food and you opted to hit Spring Mtn. Rd. instead of going to Maryland Pkwy, then this is the place to go. It's a cute little corner turo-turo (point point) fast food joint and the food is prepared decently. A downside is that their portions are little and it's hard to find a spot to sit here so don't bring a big crowd or go during peak hours.
3	Honestly, I've had better turon. Turon.. what is that? It's a fat looking ripe banana that is wrapped in .. wrapper like a pig in a blanket. It is deep fried and then covered with caramelized sugar. There is also jackfruit inside of this crunchy concoction. I recommend eating Turon, but maybe buying it from another place.
1	Rude! F u mean filipino lady behind the counter talking behind my back in tagalog.  I'm Filipino, duh. WORST service. Mediocre food. Halo halo sucks.
5	This is not a fancy place. It's a fast food Filipino joint that serves you up a good one or two item plate at a good price. I think some people are expecting the world by looking at some of these reviews. The food is pretty good and authentic tasting. I actually like it a lot. My favorites are the fried pork cracklins with meat attached, chicken and pork adobo and the beef steak with onions. I've been here with quite a few different people, also have been to the one at the Hawaiian market. I think the place is a hit or miss with people because of the authentic nature as compared to what you're going to get at Panda Express. I'm not a big microwave looking food eating kind of guy. I like real food that looks like it was cooked from atop a stove. I think this place grows on people, as it has on a few people I've gone with. Their reviews were so so maybe on a two star level after a first visit. But two different people, after trying it out with me a first time and being at a level two, ended up asking me if I wanted to eat at "MY" Filipino place. Which to me tells me both these individuals were not really at a two star rating. After a second visit I would estimate their star rating to be at a 3.5 to a 4. You kind of just have to give it a shot for yourself and don't be thrown off by the authentic look.. not all fast food joints have to cook their food in a microwave and have that rubbery consistency that a lot of people have come accustom to.On another note, when I first use to go to Kapit.. the customer service wasn't the greatest. Now either I've been there so many times that they have warmed up to me or they have caught on that giving good service is a good business practice.. i don't know. For whatever it's worth, the food at the price was impressive enough for me to come back for more and I think if you give it a shot, you'll feel the same way. If you give it a 2 star rating, try it a second time and see if it has grown on you. It may take a visit or two to appreciate the authentic nature of the food.
2	its ok pinoy food it will never beat your mom or your tita's food but if you have an itch its not the worse fast food pinoy stuff in the world but certainly not something im not going to write home about...
1	The food was greasy & over priced for 2 items was almost $10. I only tried it because of the other reviews & was disappointed with taste, selection of food & price.
1	No one was in the restaurant when we drove up and we saw the waitress swatting flies and decided that that wasn't a good sign.
3	The food here is actually decent, but nothing to gloat about. If im in the area and craving filipino food i'll drop in sometimes. I awayse get there chicken curry and mung bean stew, it alwayse hit the spot!  Ive tried many of there other dishes, some is good and some is bad, but for some reason i alwayse end up ordering the same thing haha. The Service is ok, typical of any asian restaurant haha. The best part about Kapit is probably the parking lolz theres plenty of it. I would love to rate kapit bahay alittle higher but they need to change up there menue alittle more. I remember coming here a few days in a roll and the menue was the same, after awhile you get kinda burned out haha.  Overall, Food is decent, service is ok but parking is great! Haha
1	Food is okay. Customer service is poor. I called today to ask if they are selling DXN coffee, a lady answered the phone she said "yes, I am busy. " I asked how much and she replied, " I'm not sure it's in my computer just come here for the price." VERY POOR CUSTOMER SERViCE!!!! She need some telephone etiquette, she answered the phone improperly And rude!
1	I had a chance to try their food today (12-28-13) it was nasty and bad service..i don't recommend this to our kababayan please save your time and money and try CAFE MODA on 3400 south Jones blvd.
2	On this day, a good friend and I went shopping. But not just any kind of shopping. Today was a day of shopping for Asian foods, beauty products and medicinal herbs. What a day! Foods, creams and spices I've never heard of. I just took it all in. When we were finished, I was definitely hungry! Right next door was Kapit Bahay. I was definitely excited to try it out as I LOVE Filipino food. When you walk in, you're definitely taken to a blast in the past, it seems like.  The walls were faded canary yellow, the tiling, tables and chairs were definitely outdated, to say the least. In the corner, the restaurant also doubled as a mini mart, selling snacks and goodies specific to the Philippines. The counter reminded me of a Filipino version of Panda Express. Most of the food was already prepared and lined up ready to order. The two ladies that were working the counter was a bit strange to me.  On one hand, they were super nice, but they had no patience! It was almost like I was expected to know everything and what I wanted. I felt a little rushed so I just chose the two items that I could pick out right away. For lunch, I got the 2 choice combo for $6.50.  I'll definitely give them that.  The price is affordable and very attractive to the audience. For my choices, I got the Pork Adobo and the Lechon. Pork Adobo is a pork cooked in soy sauce, vinegar and other spices. For this choice, it tasted like the adobo was sitting out for a while.  The meat was super dry and chewy.  The broth was also way too oily for my taste, but had a nice flavor to it, not too salty. The lechon was also a turnoff for me.  Lechon is roasted pork, including the skin and fat. This lechon tasted like it was under the heat lamp for a long time.  The meat was way to hard to chew through. I ended up abandoning that side, when all said and done.At the end of our meals, my friend and I agreed that this wasn't the best of the best. I could tell some of the choices were really authentic, however, I think they need to rotate their food a little more so we (as customers) are getting the best of what they have to offer. Living on the other side of town, the best way I can put it is that fact that I probably wouldn't make a special trip to this restaurant if ever craving Filipino food.  Especially when there are other great joints along the way.
3	Lechon here is so good , yummy ! ! !
3	Foods okay.. Taste is good but too oily and greasy.. Cleanliness is okay too.. They have restroom and tv.. But less 2 star for the employees are rude not even greeting and smiling at all..
5	I love this restaurant. My favorite is the Pansit. I love the dessert with coconut juice and fruits inside.
3	Went here for lunch last week and the place was packed, with a long line! We almost left, but they enticed us back with a fresh tray of lechon kawali (roast pork belly). I had Filipino-style corned beef and potatoes and oxtail stew ("kare-kare"). Boy were they good. Small, homey place, in a busy strip mall in a Chinese plaza. Lots of other foodstuffs for sale. The name of this place means "neighbor", but literally it means "house-connected" - shows you that Filipinos have close ties to their neighbors, as a culture. Price is reasonable as $6.50 for two viands and rice.
5	Great Filipino food, my fave is kaldereta and pancit. DELISH!!!! Prices are decent too, nothing fancy inside just tables to eat and on the other side, is a mini grocery area.
