5	Best archery shop in Vegas. New facilities with great shooting lanes. No cramped spaces here! Staff are very knowledgeable and helpful. Great place to gear up for your hunt, field/3D round or just hone your shooting skills.
5	gotta hand it to charlie, the facility is amazing and its constantly improving day by day, hes extremely helpful and knowledgable of any field youre looking to take up the place is pretty young still, the archery range has to be the best in ALL of las vegas HANDS DOWN!, I cant wait to see what will be added to the shop in one month, this will be my goto archery shop from now on
5	I decided to get back into Archery after a long hiatus since childhood. I googled what archery ranges there were here in Las Vegas and came across Impact Archery.I brought a friend with me to go check out the facility and give it a try. Impact Archery is pretty brand spanking new and pretty conveniently located by the freeways for easy access. The space is immaculate and spacious. I can really concentrate on my form and technique without feeling cramped or claustrophobic even if it gets super busy. The equipment is all new and in excellent working order. Very affordable lane and equipment rental.Since my friend and I both hadn't done archery in a long while we definitely needed to get back into the groove of it. The staff was super friendly and very welcoming. Giving us pointers and some lessons. We spent a couple of hours there and really enjoyed ourselves. We have gotten a monthly membership and have been going ever since.I just recently ordered my bow through Impact Archery and the owner Charlie has been very helpful and educating about picking out the equipment suited to my needs. His prices are great too compared to other places. It's really great that they offer a year membership to the range with purchase of a bow (of a certain value.) Also maintenance for the lifetime of the bow. They also operate a custom bow string company (Sin City Strings) within the facility with really great choices. I got to customize a string for my recent bow purchase.I've been bringing many friends who are new to archery to come check the place out and they have all loved it so far. The staff has always welcomed them and gave them beginner lessons to get them started. It's a really fun and stress-relieving place to be. It's nice to come alone or with friends and just have a great time.Overall, it's a really comfortable and friendly atmosphere. I've had nothing but great experiences there. The prices are amazing and pretty hard to beat. The staff is super knowledgeable and encouraging. Clean facility and open space.Worth checking out alone or with others.
5	I have know the owner Charlie for a few years and he is a great guy and a amazing archer. So you can imagine how thrilled I was when I heard he was opening up a archery shop here in Las Vegas. I came to the grand opening and it did not disappoint.  The facility was brand new, clean, spacious and well organized. There were over 30 people and I never once felt claustrophobic. The staff was so helpful and knowledgable. A few months later my father came into town and wanted to do something new. I suggested he try archery and he loved it. As soon as we left he was trying to figure out when he would be back in town so he could do it again. Thanks again to Charlie and staff. I will definitely be back
5	I went to this place after hearing about it from a friend. I like this place alot. Its very spacious and its close to my work(to let off some steam)The staff is very friendly and knowledgable. The lanes are great and its not cramped.I'll be returning to this place frequently.
5	I am happy to say that the Yelp review for Impact Archery - Las Vegas are spot on accurate. We were in Vegas for NYE festivities and I decided to try Impact Archery based on the Yelp reviews and was not disappointed. Impact Archery is a small family run business. The shop itself is clean, well-lit, and well organized. The range is spacious with targets on a far wall and movable targets available. Charlie (owner), his Dad, and Chelsea (Charlie's wife) are all very knowledgeable and happy to share information. They have both recurve and compound bows available with range time. Prices are very reasonable. They were very helpful with a first time shooter with clear, accurate, and safe instruction on the range. Other more experienced shooter on the range were also happy to show off their bows and share their knowledge.Purchasing a bow was a wonderful experience. Charlie took his time to get my compound bow setup and sighted in correctly. He provided one-on-one instruction to increase proficiency with my bow. Highly recommend Impact Archery - Las Vegas
1	Very rude staff. I brought my visitors to try it for the first time. The older man was very rude. He treated us like criminals. Ruin the experience for all of us. Will tell all my friends so they dont ever come here. We have better options here. Not even yelp deal is worth your time and the location is in the middle nowhere.
4	I came here after my experience at another archery establishment that was less than positive. I made a right choice coming here. The store is neat and clean. Their products for sale are organized in a clutter free manner. The employees are enthusiastic to help out. I had a private hour long lesson with Frank and I would say he was very patient, knowledgeable, and friendly. He was upbeat and gave me tips for a more enjoyable experience. I will definitely return to Impact for a few more private lessons before I decide on taking the next step of purchasing a bow and arrow for a hobby.
5	First experience at Impact Archery...awesome. Great staff, clean, safe. I highly recommend it old or young. While I was there several older first timers came in and then many young folks. Everyone is friendly and helpful.
5	I just wanted everyone to know that I got the best service and help from all of the staff at Impact Archery during the 2014 Las Vegas Archery Festival, which I was competing in.  I had bow equipment problems and Nate (who works at Impact Archery) helped me remedy them.  He showed great patience and helped tune my Hoyt compound to my exact specifications!I also enjoyed meeting Charlie, the shop owner, as well as his other staff; all were very friendly and you can tell how passionate they are of the sport of archery.I would highly recommend Impact Archery to experienced and new shooters as well.Thank you so much once again for your assistance!Jess A.San Francisco Bay Area
5	Great Facility and Instructors! We had a group of 12 and they were patient with us and would recommend this place every time!
4	My wife and I took our two bows (American longbow, takedown recurve) that hadn't been shot in a few years to Impact Archery.  I wanted them to look at the string and limbs to see if there were any problems.The location is a quality site.  Open front area; counter/cashier by the windows, service shop to the side, commercial displays center.  The range is behind the commercial displays, behind safety glass.  We didn't take a tour, which we should have, but from what we could see, the range went out to at least 50 yards.The staff were polite, helpful, and professional.  Charlie inspected both of our bows and didn't find anything wrong (a relief for me).  He gave recommendations on keeping them in good working order (turtle wax for the bows, bowstring wax for the strings).  He even waxed both strings.  The recurve needed a new arrow rest, which he was able to install easily.  For all that service, we only had to pay for the arrow rest ($3.99)!My wife and I have a coupon for archery lessons for two at Impact Archery.  We both like the people and location.  We are looking forward to our archery lessons.
5	My friends and I had a great experience. The customer service was great, they let us stay longer than the time we paid for. I bought a livingsocial deal so the price was good for us. $13 for one person for two hours. They attract customers that are nice, helpful, and willing to give advice. There was a man that's a regular I would assume and he was giving us tips on how to hold a bow, let it go right, how to aim, and etc. The place was pretty organized. It was hard to hear our training or little introduction but after that, everything was great! There was parking and it wasn't too busy. I would say a great place to take family members and friends. 2 of us were actually visiting from San Diego so it was great and fun to do archery for the first time in Vegas.
5	Went here for basic archery (2 hours and equipment rental for two via Groupon) and had a blast! The range was fairly empty and everyone was friendly. The staff was helpful with tips and overlooked range safety. It is an indoor location with air conditioning.We had fun just shooting practice targets from about 10 yards (we are two newbies), and over the course of two hours we improved quite a bit.We will definitely return next time we are in town! Definitely recommended!
5	I'm not sure how to convey how I feel about this place in words, but I will attempt to in the best way possible. I first started coming to this range a month or so after it opened. Let me tell you, this is definitely THE archery place to go. The owner, Charlie, is a great guy and very approachable, and knowledgable. Frank is very informative when giving lessons. Zoey, the new addition to the team, is also very knowledgable. All in all the three are great to be around and will help if needed. I started shooting about a year ago, and I first went to a different archery range here in town. Though I bought my first bow there, I didn't feel very welcomed. Here at Impact, however, I feel as if I'm part of a family. I've been amazing people, other archers, that have helped me not only with my technique and form, but also have made archery even more fun than it already is. When I first started coming to Impact the shop was still trying to get it's name out there. In just a year, the range has grown in both quality and the number of customers that come in.  It gets more and more popular every single day. I can not recommend this place enough. It's basically my second home. It's also the home of Team Arrow. If you are interested in archery in any way, shape, or form, go to Impact Archery. You will NOT be disappointed. Be warned, you will get addicted.
5	Awesome staff. Our daughter just started getting into archery and they have been so helpful.
4	Great customer service. We had to wait a bit because there was only one man working, but he was very very helpful and attentive. He set us up and even gave us a mini-crash course since we hadn't been shooting for a while. The place is very clean and accessible, they have wi-fi, and it's not very crowded so you can relax, shoot for an hour or two and have a good time. I'm definitely doing this next time I visit Las Vegas. I wish they had something like this back home.
5	I wanted to try something new in Vegas this time around. Luckily, I found this place via groupon. Me and my brother went on a Friday afternoon and it was fairly empty. The instructor and staff were very friendly. I never used a bow in my life, but at the end of the two hour session and I saw a significant improvement. This is an indoor place and accommodates to people of all levels. Towards the end of the session more experienced people arrived with their bows and although it was intimidating to shoot alongside them it it was great seeing the different levels of experience.  I had a great time, I would visit again.
5	This place is so much fun! I got an offer for $13 on livingsocial.com and went with a friend. For 2 hours this is seriously so much fun. The people that go are really chill and it totally makes you feel like you're preparing to be on hunger games or some shit. :P
4	I found this place through an add on Groupon. And checking it out was so worth it! They provided me & my boyfriend with basic bows and taught us how to use them. The equipment is good and the staff is professional. If you're looking to do something new, try Impact Archery.
5	Great deal (pretty much half off) provided through Yelp!  But, I have to say that Impact Archery is well worth the value at the regular price.  So much so that three of us went and one paid full price.The staff was courteous and instruction was friendly, precise and enjoyable.  Lots of different bows to choose from or you could bring your own.  We had a blast and are already making plans to return.
5	I just kind of wandered in here. I've been thinking about trying archery for a while; I got a chance to shoot a little bit last weekend and I was instantly hooked. So when I was in the neighborhood, I dropped by and asked about lessons.Normally you have to schedule lessons in advance, but luckily for me, Frank was in the building and not otherwise occupied, so he agreed to give me a private lesson on the spot. He's a very good instructor -- he is patient and knowledgeable and takes his time to really explain things to you. Then he'll stand there and watch you shoot and (in a very low-key way) point things out to you that might be affecting your shooting.I'm a tough case since I am both left-handed and right-eye dominant. Some folks say to keep shooting lefty, while others say to use your dominant eye. Frank ran down the benefits and pitfalls of each and I decided to try shooting lefty. I did okay. I took lessons from another instructor who had me try right-handed, and I might stick with that because I seemed to do better, but that's not Frank's fault.Their range is clean, well-lit, and spacious. The other shooters were really friendly and accommodating. I will very likely go back soon.
5	Everyone there were really nice. Always helpful, from beginning to the end. There were regulars and a couple of newbies just like us that have never done archery but everyone had a very welcoming mood. As far are as the facility, really clean and well lit. Got a good deal off of yelp but even without the deal it's still worth to check out. Can't wait to go back.
5	This was real fun. I went for my best friends wedding. The staff was really friendly and nice. They do a thural explanation on how to work the bow and arriw. It was so worth it for the price. If you buy on yelp it's half the price. 13 bucks for 2 hours. I would defiantly recommend coming here.
5	In Vegas to celebrate my son's birthday and I wanted to do something different for him. I found a groupon for Impact Archery and he has always wanted to try it so I bought it. When we got there, the staff were very friendly and very helpful. The groupon included instructions on how to properly use the equipment and the basics of archery. The instructors were well versed on the sport. We had plenty of time to shoot as much as we wanted until our fingers were sore. With a groupon or without, I recommend Impact Archery for the person that wants to try something new. We would definitely come back to break up the time from the casinos.
5	Had my sisters bachelorette festivity here. Staff was amazing, very helpful, and funny. Would come back here. Archery is so much fun at the yelp deal is good also!
5	I came here on a trip from San Diego. It was her first time ever shooting a bow and I couldn't be happier with how much fun we had. The girl who helped us (she was a younger lady I don't remember her name) was friendly and nice, and didn't hoover over us, which I liked. They had recurve and compound bows to choose from, and they also had targets in the middle of the room and then at the back wall if the more experienced people wanted to shoot those. I paid for two hours, but honestly that was more than enough time and we didn't stay for the full time. Great place, good prices, if I'm in Vegas again and want to go shoot i'll definitely go here. PS they have air conditioning to beat the vegas heat!!
5	Came here first with a Groupon. Great range! It has air conditioning (which makes it way superior to the outdoor range in Vegas during the summer) and it has a separate range from the shop portion which is really nice. The staff are all very helpful and really nice.They have a lot of simple rental bows and will give you basic instruction if you've never done archery, I brought a friend here a few months ago who had never shot a bow before and Frank was really nice and set her up with the bow and showed her what to do. Range fees are really cheap for as nice of a place as it is. It's great to take people who are new to archery here, and they have leagues and events if you want to get more involved. I joined a league this winter, all the people are really nice and it's been fun to keep score each week. Highly recommend this place.
5	Kid went last Saturday with his mom.  They had a great time.  One lady insturctor they said was so nice and helpful.  The man there was really nice too.  They took the time to assist, as mom never did before, and son is learning.  They said the place was clean, well lite, and temperature was perfect.  What made it great was the staff being so GOOD!
5	Really love this place. Everyone there is welcoming and helpful. Staff is always willing to give you personal attention. Would highly recommend this range.
4	Do the Groupon deal! This is an awesome activity for all ages & for locals or tourists. $13/2 hours with a quick lesson? How do you not take the offer? At first I was really intimidated, but after the lesson I was like, "That's it?!?" Yes that's all there is to it.... Except getting your aim down lol. The employees are not the most enthusiastic or outreaching people, but they're pretty nice. Overall the place can be maintained cleaner, but that's not my point. This is a must try for everyone! It's cheap, stress relieving, off the strip, fairly easy, & fun.
5	Took the kids to shoot over the Christmas break but my son's arrow rest on his compound bow broke! Though the staff showed me some new ones, I wasn't really prepared to drop some $$$ on a new one. Luckily they had the same exact one in the parts bin, though a bit worn, they were able to take the good pieces to fix our broken piece and voila, good as new! (They didn't even charge us!) Now I'm going to take the money I would've spent and buy my son a membership here, a win-win for everybody! Merry Christmas Impact Archery and thank you!
5	Heard about this place from my two nieces awhile ago talking about shooting like Katniss Eeverdeen. It sounded like lot of fun. So told my nieces next time go with their daddy (my brother) let me know always wanted to try my Inner Hawkeye. So the other week hanging out with Da Ohana perfect timing. Impact Archery talk about odd location or really nothing around it at night. Still easy too find just keep going on Dean Martin Dr once close to Skinny Fats depending on direction it located in the next set of office looking building next too it. Lot of parking in front at night since most of the other business are closed for the day. Not sure about the day since came at night. The front you would never think that they could fit any kind of range in it. It goes pretty far back. Up front they have a full store that sells all the latest equipment from archery too more game hunting archery. I have no idea anything archery for game or target shooting. So not sure if the brands or anything is top of the line. The diversity is there from bows, arrows and even the smallest trinkets that you need. Top of even shop that does all the little things or tune up for bows. Two adults and two kids. I thought for hour shooting was bargain. Groupon or not. I did notice that they have yelp check in offer. So if checking in don't forget too use it. The same price you get all the equipment rental same price!! I believe the older gentlemen was Frank. He did awesome AWESOME job of going over the safety rules with my nieces. Also adding in humor cracking jokes making my nieces know the rules but also go out have fun. Adults I enjoyed the refresher course cause last time went shooting was intermediate during PE. Once done with safety like go out shout four arrows wait till everyone done and hear all clear retrieve your arrows and do it all over again. They do have different distances to shoot at three in all so even ones for the kids. It lot of fun! They even have guys with the full on hardcore with top line bows and arrows. It make for great watching or makes feel better just to hit farthest target. The guys that tell go all the time. They were cool, friendly, one of them even was explaining all the targets on the wall meant to my niece, and never was big deal that first timers or kids sharing the same range as them. Something different too do! off the strip or just in life. If looking mix fun up in life. Or relieve some stress nothing better then playing Katniss, Hawkeye, or that guy from the Hobbit??
5	A great place to take the whole family. Or if you're a competitive shooter, they have everything that you would need. Great staff, equipment, and facility.
