2	I should review both this one and the one in Las Vegas Convention Center.  But comparing the two, this is worst although closer to the strip and normal traffic than the one by the LVCC.This is my 2nd trip using this Residence Inn and I was satisfied because I have a dog and not too many places allow you to bring your dog in a hotel in Las Vegas.  Red Rock in Summerlin did (see the previous review of that place).  The trip was not planned at all, my father died unexpectedly and we drove down to Vegas immediately to see my mother (I never stay at the house because of the dog and my partner, Brian -he needs his space).  Since the last time we were in Vegas, and needed something close to my Parents, I used this place I did not search, I just booked it.So nothing different than the last time, the suite (all of their rooms have a small furnished kitchen to cook if you stay longer than a day or two) is okay.  Furnishings are standard, appliances clean but old.  Breakfast on same time on a small eating area with basic stuff, rolls, cereal, eggs, bacon, coffee and juices.This last stay however was not a happy occassion.  I only slept in the hotel room once because I had to stay with my mother the other two nights we were in Vegas arranging the funeral services for my father.  On the night I did stay, I noticed that several more people were in the lot on the building we were staying than normal.  Of course, Sat night - maybe someone is having a party - understandable. However, I didn't like that the guests of the guest were propping the door open so that they can go in and  out of the bldg.  Someone had stuck a hard gum on the edge so the door does not lock after them.  Instinct always tells me to just take the gum off but since I knew that the group saw us come in and knows that our room is just by the door, I didn't wan to give them a reason to be angry.  They also know where we parked our car.  I do want to say that at no time did the party ever bother us since it was several rooms farther than ours.  But the door thing irritated me.So after the incident and when checking out Monday morning, I mentioned this event to the front desk.  Their curt reply was why didn't you report it.  As mentioned before, the risk was higher than the payoff.  I was safe because I didn't interfere or was not bothered by this group.  I hated that reply from the front desk.  Our bldg was behind the front desk office and not really easily visible.The worst thing to happen is when your trip is already a rush for an unexpected event and then the incident and reactions to it that makes you madder is the eventual follow-up survey.  I received an email from the manager from this particular Residence Inn regarding my stay.  So I told her what happened and her response was, we are sorry for your inconvenience, we have 4 security trucks patrolling the area all the time and of course (the door being ajar a little is not noticeable), the people were just talking and smoking outside (reasonable to any security personnel observing them).  My complaint is the door being left ajar.  In an era where people are always told they are responsible for their own items, the place was not doing its own security check.Because of this incident it led me to a better place and cheaper pet cleaning fees at Staybridge Suites next door.I might still use Marriott, after all I have accumulated so many points to use for a free room or something in the future.  But never again on this specific one.  I would rather stay at the Hooters Hotel!
5	This, and the all the other partner Marriott properties (Fairfield and Courtyard) are pretty good deals for being close to the strip.  Okay, here's why it gets the 5-stars:  clean, non-smoking...and a "free shuttle" to the Mandalay Bay.  We stay using our 'free points', eat the 'free breakfast' and then pay $1 each (tip to the driver) to shuttle us over to the Mandalay.  From there, you can take the free tram to the Luxor, and then you have all the other free transportation to the other hotels on the strip.  It's free parking - avoid the hassle of taxis - and easy access to the strip.  It's very convenient.  Good for families - especially if you are in town for some team sports event such as hockey (roller and ice), figure skating, basketball, etc.
5	My baby brother lives in The Vegas.  Unfortunately, because he is so much cooler and more charismatic than I am, he often has out of town guests.  So on the occasions when I don't want to share a bathroom with a bunch of sweaty guys, or feel guilty for getting a bedroom when other people are sleeping on the floor (at least there are perks to being the big sister) I ALWAYS stay here.Reasons it is awesome: 1.) Completely non-smoking.  This is a must for me; casinos, even when on a non-smoking floor, usually lead to asthma and allergy problems for me, so I love how non-smoky this place is.  In fact, if you're not aware, all Marriotts have gone completely non-smoking and I am thrilled about this.2.) My pup can stay here with me. 3.) There is a full kitchen.  On my way into town, I stop at the awesome Whole Foods and stock the fridge and never feel like I have to eat every meal out.4.) It is always clean, and the rooms are very spacious.  Even the "One bedrooms" have a pull out couch, so you could technically sleep 4 people there.  There is also room for an aerobed if necessary.  Tons of space.5.) Easy check in, easy parking easy EVERYTHING.   The staff here is awesome, efficient, always helpful.  It is far enough away from the strip to be quiet, but close enough to go wherever you need to go6.) Free breakfast.  Its not gourmet, but there are at least eggs, several different types of breads and cereals, oatmeal, etc.  Its pretty cool.7.) Free shuttle to and from Mandalay Bay and MGM until about 1am, also shuttle to and from the airport. The prices are also always really good, though they have increased slightly lately, probably because the word is out.  Love you guys, keep up the good work.
3	Stayed here for a last minute trip to vegas on the 4th of July.  Flew in, took the cab which didn't take more than 10 minuites,  paid the $15 fare that included tip, and I was checked in at no time.  There were 6 of us so we were able to make use of our 2 bedroom suite with full kitchen.  Great, inexpensive hotel if you wanna be away from all the glamour and glitz of vegas.  Its away from the strip but free shuttle service is provided to MGM, Mandalay, and airport as well.  This particular hotel gets an OK rating, cause lets face it, this hotel has nothing on others along the strip.  Tip: If a cab is desired, make sure to give yourself sufficient time.  The hotel is away from all the action therefore cabs hate coming out in that direction and if they do show up, they don't have the patience to wait for you.  Make an effort to be at the lobby at the time the front desk tells you to be there for your taxi.  A minute late and your ride will be gone.  Take this seriously, most especially if you have dinner reservations or a show to attend.
3	If you are looking for a non-casino hotel near the strip this is a good choice.  It is just south of Mandalay Bay.  The rooms are good and there is a full kitchen.  If you are looking to save money on meals this would be helpful.The breakfast was barely ok.  The food was bland and there is a severe lack of options.  I did see a man load up a huge tray of food to take back to his room.  He should have been thrown out, but I had no such luck.There is a shuttle to the strip but it ends at midnight.  That is not helpful at all.
3	The pickings are slim for lodging options in Vegas when you have a canine companion (non-service dog), hence the decision to stay at the Residence Inn.  Location is ok (opposite the Strip on the other side of Hwy 15) and there isn't anywhere close to grab a bite but it is a clean, safe property and they happily took me and my boyfriend in w/our dog (plus a $100 fee).  It lacks the Vegas glitz and gaudiness but all of that is just a short free shuttle ride over.
5	Since the company I work for has an office in Vegas, I travel here several times a year.  I've stayed at the Courtyard, the MGM Grand, etc.  but this trip was my first stay at the Residence Inn and I am pleasantly surprised.Since I'm staying here for business and not partying, I am coming back to my room to finish up work, get rest and regroup for the following day.  Residence Inn has full kitchens so I can easily grab some food to have a late night snack, breakfast or dinner.  While the free breakfast is not anything fancy or gourmet, it generally contains scrambled eggs, toast, bagels, fresh waffles, yogurt and of course, coffee.  It's a good starter for the day and helps keep the travel expenses down.The rooms are clean and well laid out.  We stayed in a 2 bedroom suite.  Each bedroom has it's own bathroom.  The beds are comfortable with nice linens and pillows.  The facilities were all immaculate and well stocked with plenty of towels.  We will definitely be coming back to stay here in the future.
3	The hotel is a little dated, my original nonsmoking room smelled like smoke, but the staff was accommodating and the free breakfast after a workout is a perk!
4	Got a good discount on the rooms. Our room was spacious! It had a full kitchen, 2 bed, 2 bath and a living room with a sofa bed. I didn't get to try the complimentary breakfast but I heard from my roommates that it was decent. The hotel itself is only a mile from the Vegas trip so it's not bad. The property also offered shuttle services to the MGM and Mandalay Bay until 1am.
4	Just got back from a five day stay, must say I'm very impressed to say the least. I was sent to the Residence Inn for a company training, and I was expecting typical inn type, sparse accommodations. I was pleasantly surprised when i got to my room; it was spacious, comfortable, and well laid out. It included a full kitchen, living room with a desk (open power outlets right next to the desk so that you can plug in the laptop and charge the phone made me happy!) bedroom, and large bath. I did wish the room had a safe, but I did see boxes behind the front desk. The rooms were well maintained, and extremely clean.The amenities at the hotel were great: full hot breakfast each morning, coffee/ tea/water available most of the day, warm cookies in the evening, and evening socials/ dinners. Free wifi, newspaper, and a host of channels on tv let you stay connected. The pool area looked nice, but it was downright cold so I didn't actually get in. There was a nice gym, and basketball courts that I likewise did not use. Great experience, I will look to Residence Inn as a lodging possibility.
5	I was in Vegas for business, and stayed at the Residence Inn for 5 nights, 6 days. Wow, they are so accommodating! The room was a 2 bedroom suite, w/ a full kitchen (full size fridge, stove and dishwasher!)... and I was shocked that I had all this space to myself. Luckily I had packed some dry food, in case I did not have the luxury of a stove or fridge. My stay was pleasant. I didn't experience any hassle, or have any problems. - Free shuttle to Madalay Bay, and the Airport. - Complimentary breakfast from 6am - 9:30am (nothing fancy, eggs, potatoes, fruit, bagels, yogurt, COFFEE!)- Complimentary dinner (did not have the dinner, but I heard it is more like appetizers)- Clean rooms- Clean towels and showersMy overall stay was great. It was my first time staying in Vegas for business so I did not plan on partying. I worked long days, and planned to come back to room afterwards to regroup and get ready for the following day. Especially since my days started at 7am. I enjoyed my stay and will wouldn't mind staying here again.
4	I was in Vegas for a week and work paid for my hotel since I was there for business.  I could've stayed at a plusher hotel, but I wanted somewhere that would offer breakfast, help with what to do and not to do while in Vegas, more low key and a happy hour. The hotel didn't offer happy hour which was surprising as most Residence Inn's do. However, breakfast was full on buffet, not just bread and deserts. I knew that I would have a refrigerator and that Vegas would be expensive so I stocked up with a few supplies that needed refrigeration.Also, help at the Front Desk was always welcome and one lady (bhessie??) gave a lot of hints on where to/not to park (I had a rental), where to go, what to see, etc. No weird noises that the hotel couldn't take care of. - Free shuttle to Madalay Bay, and the Airport. (I had a rental, but nice add on). - Complimentary breakfast from 6am - 9:30am (nothing fancy, eggs, potatoes, fruit, bagels, yogurt, COFFEE!)- Complimentary apetizers - I was told that they had this, but never saw it. Not a big deal as there is so much to do there.- Clean room and linens.I enjoyed my stay and plan to stay here again.
4	Great for large families or group of friends - the nightly rate is about $130 before taxes (which is good already by Vegas standards) for a 2-bedroom + living room w/ sofa pull out bed + 2 baths. Flat screen TV in each room and a full kitchen with electric stove, microwave, oven with utensils and cookware. The property is large with a nice pool and jacuzzi area with covered-patio seating and sun tanning chairs. The hotel is near the airport and the strip but situated near a commercial area and adjacent to a few other hotels that it feels quite safe. Plentiful of parking surrounds the 2 buildings. Free HOT breakfast every morning - scrambled egg, sausage patties, biscuits and gravy, fresh waffles, fruit, milk, oatmeal, juices, cereal, and coffee. All you can eat. The rooms are fairly clean and the front desk quite helpful in getting what you need.
4	Love this place. Helpful staffs, clean place. Can be a little Noisy due to the casinos and clubs around the place.
3	This was the cheapest 2 bedroom we could find close to the strip.  The 2 rooms are divided up by a living room in the middle with a kitchen.  We chose this hotel based on those amenities.  I did not know that there would be planes taking off all night directly over our heads or that we would be able to hear every car speeding down the side roads/freeway all night.  We were able to open the windows up in the room about 3 inches, but they wouldn't close...none of them!!  Called the front desk and they had no idea either.  The bed in our room had to be a Full Size bed and we found it to be extremely uncomfortable.  My husband and I kept bumping into each other all night because there was hardly enough room to move around.  There was at least a 12" gap between the nightstand and our bed so you know they easily could have fit a larger bed in the room.  The hotel and rooms were clean, plus the service was great so no complaints there.They do offer a happy hour during the week...I think it was M-TH.  Hot dogs, salad and chili on the Thursday we were there.  Free breakfast in the morning was...well free.  I have had much better free breakfast at some other hotel chains.
5	My partner and I were extremely satisfied with our stay!  The front desk staff were super friendly and welcoming upon our arrival.  I was most impressed with the card included in my gold elite gift bag.  I was not only recognized as a gold elite member, but the welcome card was signed by each and every staff member.  This showed me that they genuinely cared about me as a customer and wanted to lee me coming back for more!  Two nights ago, I stayed at a courtyard marriott in Oxnard, and they recognized me an my member status with "oh, your gold elite, thanks" and they handed me a bottle of water.  It seemed like an afterthought and I was not at all impressed.  Thank you Residence Inn Las Vegas South, for treating me like a person you care about!  Also, kudos to the shuttle service and letting me borrow your bottle opener!  I will be back!
4	Extremely spacious. Away from the madness of the strip yet very close to it. A full kitchen is super helpful, especially if you have kids. Nice place !
4	we stayed her for a weekend in Vegas...purpose of visit was the BMX Nationals which were being held up the street at south point hotel and casino.i had some free marriott nights to use and opted to stay here.  kids would love the free breakfast, i love having the full kitchen, separate bedroom, lovely pool.  i am a major fan of Residence inn's in general, especially for family getaways.  the pool here was very nice.  They had it set up in a more tropical atmosphere..lobby was relaxing..we arrived on a thursday and they had an evening reception ...full nacho bar and drinks.rooms were spacious and quiet...only issue i had while i was here was that one evening a major party took place at the pool WELL BEYOND THE TIME THE POOL CLOSED..i'm talking ALL NIGHT.  the pool was destroyed the next morning...the clean up crew was hard at work getting the pool back to normal (saw this on the way to breakfast)  and 2 guys hunched over a patio table with an array of empty beer cans around them (and a beer in their hands)...i would have thought that the staff would have done something about this...oh well..the hotel was nicely located between the event and las vegas itself...so if we wanted to go to the strip...it was close (free shuttle too)...however we didn't take advantage of thisi will probably be back =)
4	I spent over 30 days straight in this hotel for business. It's far enough from the Strip that you can completely avoid it if you wish, but close enough that you can be inside the MGM Grand within 10 minutes. They do have a shuttle to the Strip but I never used it so I can't comment. The rooms are roomy with a full kitchen (including full fridge, stove top, sink, dish washer and dishes), sofa and separate table for your laptop.Breakfast is good, not amazingly awesome but definitely more than adequate with plenty of seating. Small business center (really just 1 PC on a desk with a printer out in the open). The staff has always been helpful if I needed something. There are a couple nice looking gas grills outside and a great looking pool with a waterfall and plenty of seating.I would definitely advise driving away from the area to eat. Tropicana Ave and Dean Martin Ave is kind of sketchy, especially at night. However, the hotel is far enough away there's no spillover of sketchiness to the hotel area. Parking is free.
5	First off. Understand that I am giving 5 stars based on this hotel compared to other hotels within its same comparison. I am not saying it is the best hotel in the world, but I am saying that when compared to comparable hotels, it deserves 5 stars. Everything was great. The lobby coffee and water were very good. They accept dogs. What really stood out for us were two of their front office people. Rodney and Jasmine. Very good customer service that wasn't fake, just pleasant and professional. We didn't use the pool or exercise room. We stayed in our room working on a project almost the whole time and it was quite comfortable. We will return when visiting Vegas.
4	We got a two room suite with a kitchenette. The beds are comfortable and the kitchen is great. They have a full breakfast Buffett that is delicious. The staff is very friendly and helpful. They also have a shuttle that takes you right to the strip.
