1	This store is VERY dirty, wayyyy too busy, only 3 lanes open on a Monday afternoon with about 15 people in each line. Even the Target Greatland across the freeway had more lanes open with 5, and they arent even a SuperTarget with grocery like this hell-hole is!You can't park because EVERYONE just walks right in front of you and the stupid employees decide right in front of the main entrance door is where they want to bitch about people that shop and spend their money to support their job. I don't think I'm ever going to Hell-Mart again, I'll save my self trouble AND money by purchasing my groceries at Target and Fresh & Easy.
1	This Walmart is horrible in terms of checking out.  The lines are always gigantic and the people ringing you up are super slow.  Ended up behind a customer with a ton of produce and the cashier looked absolutely clueless.  I piled my things into the cart and headed to another line where, even with waiting behind someone, still made it out ahead of the people in the original lane. This one gets depleted with its inventory really fast too...always bare shelves.  It's the one closest to where I live and I ended paying more for it in the long run with the loss of sanity going there.
4	If I have to go to Wal-Mart then it's this one!  In my opinion this is by far the cleanest Wal-Mart in town,(Btw, I haven't tried Summerlin).   I don't live close to this one, but I would prefer to drive.  I'm not big on the meat or the produce, but, everyday foods, cleaning supplies,ect. Sometimes you can't even get it cheaper at a Garage Sale.  For my own sanity, I have mastered the self check-out!!!  As we all know the lines are not exactly speedy:).  But,  if you need ciggs then you have to go to the express lane, ugh!!!  Also,  the vision center is the cheapest in town!!  You can get a decent looking pair of glasses for 39 bucks!!  That works even if your just going to get a back-up pair.  If you do the price matching, which I don't, but to save a lot of hassle just remember that they ad match now, not price match( so have the ad in hand).  I really love this yelp ap and I'm so happy with it, but when I checked in it said I was a regular here, it was a moment when I was like, "what happened to my life"?!!!! Lol!!!!
1	This place is the one Walmart that I see sad employees, the lines get out of hand and the reg never smile or speak to you, and trying to get help finding something no one will ever help you they tell you to hold on while they ask someone and then never come back well this place isn't on my list anymore.
4	Quite possibly the best wall mart in VegasIts always clean, wide isles, well organised and stocked, helpful employees something I cannot say about any other Walmart stores in a 10 mile radius.Low points? meat prices mostly.
1	So I'm visiting from California and did Black Friday with my family. Never again will I go to this Wal Mart. I have done plenty of holiday shopping and this by far is the most unorganized and uninformative store I have encountered. The lines were beyond terrible for in store check out and to pick up for tv's around the back. Shopping for the holidays at Wal Mart is not new for me, I'm usually in and out and its very organized. This store was so chaotic that police not only occupied the front of the store but also inside. I've never seen that at all. I will not be back. It is true with the staff, they are very rude and the managers are stuck up. Our cashier was using profanity towards the managers!
