5	customer service is great..Cameryn and Peter are always helpful and have a great knowledge when it comes to gaming
5	Great customer service! The manager was great when my girlfriend wanted to switch the Fallout: New Vegas from the 360 to the PS3, by telling him our situation, he was able to change it for us. Our 360 gave us the three-rings-of-death, so that's why she decided to switch to PS3. I've always received great service from them!!
4	Cool staff, nice selection. They had lots of pre used and old systems. If you haven't been to a game stop you need to go. Rewards  program is legit.
1	I don't normally shop at GameStop, but I was given a gift card a long time ago and I needed it out of my wallet so I dropped in to get a game I've been meaning to pick up for my 3DS. They had both games I was interested in new and used. The new price was $39.99. These games have been out for over a year. A quick check on my smart phone shows them for $29.99 online, shipped free. Welp, I had a gift card that I have to use up, so I checked out the used copies, surely they would be closer to $30....Nope. The used copies were a staggering TWO Dollars less. That's right, 39.99 new or 37.99 used. I thought this had to be a joke.I begrudgingly grabbed the new copy, I'm not buying a used game to save only two dollars when I know that GameStop is notorious for giving customers pennies on the dollar for their trade-ins. A markup so absurd, knowing the game's developers got precisely 0% for that sale just made me angry.So I took the case off the shelf for a new copy of my game, and took it to the counter. Guy literally opens the shelf case, which is covered in stickers and damage from being manhandled by everyone and their children, reaches into a drawer and snaps the game cartridge in.Incredulously, I looked at the clerk and said "No. This is a new copy I'm buying, give me a new one in shrink."His response? "We don't have those. All copies of the games are in the drawer and the cases are out on the shelves.""New AND used?""Yeah..." (rudely)And as he says this, he slaps ANOTHER sticker onto my game case, a big clear round one over the opening-- just in case of I don't know what. So now there's more adhesive residue garbage on my game.It is absolutely unacceptable for a business to operate this way. And there is no reason for anyone to shop there when new games in undamaged condition cost less elsewhere. I will never return.
5	Great Job!  I only write reviews when I either receive horrible service or GREAT SERVICE and this particular store delivered.  I had a huge issue with a PS4 reserve I made months ago that didn't come in but the manager Mario made it his duty to resolve the issue.  Within mins he called me back with a solution which I was totally satisfied with. Thanks again guys.
1	Boo gamestop for gouging your customers. I was calling around to find ps3 rockband 3 because it's not made anymore I assumed I would find it at a decent price previously used. Well gamestop, because they don't make it anymore you decide to sell it for $35. Really? Oh and your comment on why it's so pricey is because they done make it anymore. Bad idea. Hey I called zia and it's only $11 because they are not assholes and don't take advantage of people. Never will I shop here again!
