5	I am so grateful to have found Dr. Weingrow!  His medically supervised weight loss program is fantastic! He helped me get my weight back on track and I'm finally in shape and healthy again! I would recommend him to everyone!  He is also a great family practice doctor.  I switched over to him for all my medical needs now.
5	When it comes to general practitioners, I find that it is important to have a doctor who is personable, knowledgable, attentive and caring, someone with the expertise to diagnose and treat your symptoms, someone who you are comfortable with so that you are free to discuss your personal health issues. From talking to him, Dr. Weingrow not only has these characteristics, he is well above and beyond from being a family doctor. While his clinic offers general healthcare services and his specialty is sports medicine, he also has a weight loss program for those who seek this particular service.If you are in need of a family doctor, I highly recommend Dr. Weingrow!
5	I originally went to Dr. Weingrow for weight loss since none of my other Doctors could stop my rapid weight gain of 42 pounds in 6 months. He was successful in stopping it and now I am losing an average of 10 pounds a  month and I feel great. He also has helped me with other medical complaints I presented to him when other Doctors could not. He even called me at home when I first started the weight loss program and asked me how I was doing. That is unheard of in my experience with other Doctors and it made me feel as though someone actually cared about me. I am so lucky to have found this wonderful Doc tor and I am going to switch to him as my primary physician.
5	Not really sure how I found Dr. Weingrow.  I went in there becasue I needed a GP and was struggling with my diet and workouts and low energy. He was patient with me, listened to my concerns and gave me realistic options for help with my situation and followed up. Very straight forward which caught me by surprise. Often times I feel worse after going to the Dr's office, but here it has been nothing but a positive experience over the last 6 months. See him if you need some help with weight loss and/or overall general healthcare. The staff is great, and there is plenty of parking. They also accommodate my weird schedule without any fuss. I debated putting a review becasue I want it to be my secret, but Good doctors are hard to find in Vegas...
5	I have been seeing his PA for 2 months now and she is amazing. Always happy and upbeat, giving positive encouragement. All the staff in the office is friendly from the time you step in the door to the time you leave. I have also referred some family members to the office as well because of the amazing experience.
5	Dr Weingrow is great.  He's helped me with some joint and exercise pains. I much prefer his care over another Orthopedic "specialist" I saw.  It is hard to find good doctors in Las Vegas.  His staff was able to squeeze me in once on short notice as well. Thanks guys
