5	I've been to a number of car washes in this town, and Lindstrom's is the finest. As a self-professed neat freak and perfectionist, I can assure you that your car will be well-groomed at Lindstrom's.They are not in the habit of upselling and pressure tactics - just pressure washing. They are friendly, willing to accommodate my needs, and clean without frills. I have been coming to their car wash for some years, and continually come back (even when I stray, wash my own car or pick one of those gas station car washes on the fly). Lindstrom's seems a little sad these days, and emptied. Not sure if it has to do with the recession, the brutally hot Phoenix summer or the recent raid on their service staff by the Sheriff's office for "identity theft". But, whatever the case, Lindstrom's provides a superior service, and is a local business, and for those two reasons alone, please frequent this establishment. Your car will thank you.
4	Today was the first time I have used Lindstrom's Family Car Wash and I was very, very pleased with my visit. I stopped by during my lunch hour and while it wasn't slammed with cars there was a steady stream of business. My car looked great once they were finish. I really liked that I didn't have one lone steak from extra water in cracks of mirrors or doors when I drove. I'm so happy that I found this gem!
5	This is my favorite car wash.  Very friendly folks and no hassels with getting the sleigh as clean as I need it.  At 50% off, no one can touch them.   HOHOHOSanta Claushimself.
4	A Bit Pricey but you'll came out of the factory show room clean... Friendly customer service with out the Unscrupulous Pressure Up-sell sales job you get at places like Danny's Family Carousel Car Wash down the street! I actually belove their sign that this is a family business; & they deserve my repeat business...
4	I have been going here for years.  I have always paid half price, but always get a great job.  Yes, once in awhile you need to advice them of a streaked window or missed spot, but they always fix it and have great customer service.  I will keep going there for sure.Claus Himself
5	I pulled into Lindstroms after a truck dumped a 5 gallon tub of white paint in the street in front of me during rush hour, coating half of my (dark gray) Honda Element. It was dry upon arrival and all over the right side of my car. They checked it, said they could fix it, told me how they would do it and how long it would take. I enjoyed a shoe shine while I waited in their welcoming facility, and they kept me apprised along the way. The end result was perfect and at a very reasonable price. Check them out, they have earned a new loyal customer (and I live in Peoria!).
2	I went to Lindstrom to have a long scuff mark buffed-out of my passenger side panel (about 15 inches each on both doors).  It  wasn't very deep, and mostly damaged the clear coat.  When the service writer came up, he quoted me for $55 for car wash, buffing and hand wax.  When I hesitated, he cameback with a rate of $50 and told me the scuff will be easily removed.  After 25 minutes of work, the scuff was better, but not removed.  The detailer said, "Yeah, that's in the clear coat.  You'll have to take it to a body shop to get wet-sanded."  Disappointed, but content, I went to Showcase Honda to get an oil change and asked them, "Do you think you guys can do anything with this scuff mark?"  They said that they probably could, and 20 minutes later, POOF!  The scuff mark was completely removed!  The detailer at Showcase Honda asked, "How hard did they try at Lindstrom because I buffed-it right out."  Irritated that Showcase did a better job (for free!) I went back to complain to Lindstrom.  They apologized and told me that their detailer was good, but sometimes gets a 'big head' and doesn't always follow through.  I was later given a free 'works' car wash in compensation, but chances of me not using it and giving it to a friend are high.  Another thing to note, I had a lot of bugs on my front hood and bumper from a 1,800 mile road trip and many were still there after the wash and hand wax!  Should have skipped Lindstrom and just started at Showcase Honda!  If there is a positive, I'd say that my interior is very clean!
5	I recently moved to Phoenix and purchased a new car shortly afterwards. I researched online for a car wash that was reasonably priced and would do a good job. Lindstrom has not disappointed either time I have taken my car there. They take pride in doing a good job. It's worth the drive I make to get there!
5	Have been solely using the Lindstrom Family business as long as I've been in Phoenix (26 years). Always excellent service. No up-sell pressure (sure they ask if you want a hand wax but easily take no for an answer). It appears they are remodeling inside which is too bad since the 1970s decor has always befitted their 1950s ethos.
4	this is the best car wash that I have used in Phoenix.  yelp coupon doesn't hurt either.
5	I don't usually think of getting my car washed as a treat, but the good folks at Lindstrom treated me like a queen.I live in New Mexico on a dirt road and had driven to the Phoenix area to visit my sister.  I knew my poor car was in desperate need of a good wash.  I wanted to find the best in the metro area.  I found Lindstrom's on Yelp and gave it a try. It was quite a distance from my sister's home, but I seriously wanted the best.  After all, my car hadn't been washed in over a year, and I didn't want it to go into shock or have a seizure or something.Seeing from my license plate that I was from out of state, the gentleman who took my order chatted with me briefly (did NOT try to upsell me at all)  then waved me over to meet the owner, Ahmed.  I told him how I'd heard of Lindstrom and he gave me the royal treatment.  I had ordered "the works", but I never expected my car to look better than new, including the time-consuming job of dressing the tires and cleaning the wheels on my MINI Cooper.And to top it off, Ahmed didn't even charge me.  Just a great welcome to Arizona and a fantastic way to start off a Monday.These guys are meticulous in what they do, and take pride in it.  It's rare to find a locally owned shop like this and this is one of the reasons I love Yelp.My car's self-esteem is as good as new, and I'm a happy girl motoring around Scottsdale in my gleaming, brand-new looking MINI.Thank you Ahmed and crew!
5	Their $12 basic wash includes interior/exterior windows, vacuuming, washing, wheels, and they even cleaned out all the buildup of plant ans tree debris in the joint of my trunk! Always a treat to come here.
5	Best car wash in Phoenix. Is I perfect every time? No, but they do a very thorough and detailed job if you get the $22 works car wash. And while you wait you can get an excellent shoeshine. I'm all about two birds with one stone and this is a place I can accomplish that. They will continue to get my business.
2	After more than 12 years I am very disappointed with how things are going now.Lindstrom said been washing my Tahoe for more than 10 years. During that time I have recommended them and they have always done a good job. Over the last year  I had noticed quality seems to have slipped considerably but not enough to make me go somewhere else. I watched all the Lindstrom kids grow up why would I go somewhere else. Today that changed for me.Today they offered a hand wash and wax at a special cost and I decided to do it as my truck had recently been in the boonies and it was filthy. When I picked it up it had black marks on the driver's door that had been there when I left it. I asked the supervisor if they could do something about that and he was very courteous and said yes he thought they could and that they would "not charge me" for it. Charge me for it? They hadn't finished the job!They worked on the driver's door and it was much better so I took the truck and left. When I parked again I decided I should've walked around the whole truck.  I opened the back window and dust cascaded down the back door. They had not raised the back window and cleaned under it.  This was not the first time they have cleaned the Tahoe after an off-road trip and they have never missed the back window before. Remember this was a $60.00  hand wash and wax.I then looked at the truck more closely and found several places that I could literally rub the dirt spots off the finish with a dampened handkerchief. I am not sure they actually waxed it, and it certainly was not washed very well.As I stood inside waiting for them to redo the job a woman asked me if I "..was seriously going to have them wax my truck". I said that's what they were correcting now and she said she would never allow Lindstrom to wax anything of hers again after what they had done to her refinish.  A man who had just walked in overheard her and said "boy that the truth, me either."Unless I find someplace I like a lot better I would still go back to Lindstrom for the regular car washes they do a good job with the general cleaning but I can't think of a circumstance that would cause me to let them do anything else on my truck ever again.
2	I love helping out local, family owned places as opposed to the huge chains but I might have to skip out in this one. Even with the 5 dollar off  coupons that come in the Arcadia coupon books, the price is still too high for the work they provide.My car needed a good wash after a freakish haboob/bi-polar weather attacked my baby leaving it looking like it had brown chicken pox. The inside wasn't majorly dirty, just some dog hair in the back from my puppy. I waited over a good half an hour for my car but since I had no idea about the wait time nor was I warned beforehand, I was definitely late for work. Yeah, there were a bunch of people which gave me the hope that it was worth it, but there's a same huge crowd at other washes that get the job done faster.You know when you go through a drive through/self wash, how it always fails to get under the spoiler and the front of the bumper so you end up facepalming and have no choice but to use the good work shirt you're wearing to try to wipe it off . You would think with a hand wash it would be taken care of, but it was like it wasn't even touched or at least worked on enough.They gave me the keys and there were still spots under the spoiler and specks of dirt still holding onto dear life all around the front. Side mirrors were still spotty and they neglected to simply wipe the inside dash where I had a a few dried up soda stains until I pointed it out and asked them to do so. Vacuum wise though, they did a pretty good job, but nothing I can't find anywhere else. Save yourself the money and buy the Danny's Car Wash Groupon - 3 for $25 instead of spending 1 wash for $16 here only to still be left with an unfinished wash.
5	Excellent customer service and car care. I've finally found a car wash that I'll return to.
1	Just one word of advice. Make sure your trunk is EMPTY and contains ZERO valuables before you drive your car into Lindstrom's. Locking it won't be enough.I'm just sayin.
5	This place is a local gem.  They do such a great job and pay amazing attention to detail.  My car looked better than new after spending a few hours getting detailed at Lindstrom's.  If you need your car detailed, this is the place to go.  Good prices and high quality work. The employees are friendly.  As this is a hand car wash, you will need to be prepared to spend a little time here - but it's totally worth the wait!
3	ok place..
2	When the Lindstrom's owned it... it was all about attention to detail. This is my third and last attempt to use this car wash. I'm going to a wedding... need my car nice, so, I think, let's step up from the $5 place to a really good wash... WRONG...The arm-rests, dirty, seats dirty, dash dusty.... Not even an attempt to clean the inside. So, next time you want a GREAT WASH... look elsewhere, or do the inside yourself and save eight bucks! In one word, here's my review... NEXT!
4	Did the Express Wax and was pleased with the detail and level of service.  Well done!  As for the coupon, only good on the wash and nothing else.......
5	Free wi-fi, tv and reading materials while you wait, which is really nice to offer. Price is competitive for the type of wash, however they seem to take great care when doing windows and interior once truck comes out of conveyor.  The fifth star is earned by the shoeshine that is also offered while you wait. I'm a sucker for old school service like that and love this place for it. They also have a check-in discount which is also kinda awesome.
2	It has gone downhill. Hour wait for less than mediocre job. I have been so many times and it keeps getting worse.
3	The wash was good but service moved way too slowly (I waited an hour for my car)
5	I went to Lindstrom Family Car Wash on my first day in Phoenix after a 2,500 mile road trip.  Needless to say, my car was FILTHY.  Joe greeted me with a genuine smile and a happy attitude.  I bought a special mini-detail which was affordable and done beautifully!  Thank you for your wonderful customer service and excellent work.
5	Super friendly and a great wash/vacuum for not a ton of money.
3	I've only ever gone to Lindstrom to have my car washed or detailed. Used to be quick and efficient. The ticket writer talked me into a detail package that was affordable, but I wish he had set my expectations up front that if would take over 2 hours.  When I asked how much longer it would be at the desk, the cashier radioed the crew, but no one responded. Five minutes later, my car appeared up front and I drove off only to notice the half-assed job they did and my windows are streaky and smudged. I may come back for just the basic wash again, but unless I have a day to kill, I'm not opting for the extra wax or treatments -- no matter how cheap he sells it.
5	My reviews are few and far between. Maybe it's the 5 minutes I spend writing a review that outweighs the idea of just moving on with life (apparently people that did pre-yelp).The exception to my rule of thumb is awesome places I want to tell people about. Lindstrom's was unbelievable. I know, weird, I'm talking about a car wash. I've never been to a carwash that stood out for the right reasons. First, my new homie Felix gave me an unbelievable show shine while I waited. Then I came out and my jeep honestly looked better than when it left the show room. No missed spots and they blacked all the plastic (which on a wrangler is practically half the car). I accidentally had a bird fly into my front grill on a drive back from Tucson (don't sigh like I'm a bad person; no idea how a bird does that in the first place) and they vacuumed every last feather out. Well played, lindstroms. Well played.
5	I went to Lindstrom's car wash today for the first time, and had a great experience!   Just got the basic wash, but they did an awesome job! Not to mention prices are cheap compared to other car washes I've been to.  I don't usually "expect" amazing customer service from places such as a car washes, however, I was blown away by Lindstrom! The young lady working at the desk was very talkative and friendly, and I didn't receive any pressure about extra ridiculous add-on's that other car washes most definitely always pitch.  The owner was there in and out checking on customers and his employees, he was super easy going and catering, told me if I had any concerns in the future to contact him and he'd take care of it!  AND listen up ladies... all Wednesday's are ladies night and you get $2 off!  Overall, super impressed and I will be coming back!  See ya later Danny's car wash!
5	Went in for a quick wash and to shampoo the carpet and mats and got just that! They did a really old job on both for the $40 Carpet Express. Not a bad deal! The gentlemen there were very polite and checked on me periodically as I waited. It was about 45 minutes but my mats and floors were pretty dirty so I appreciated them doing a thorough job.
1	First time here and they locked the keys in the car.  Instead of calling a locksmith they spent 30 minutes trying to open the door. I finally tell them to not touch the car and to call someone. They asked me to call triple a, which I don't have and I was irritated cause this was their fault so they should call. Two hours later, I got in my car and left, never to return.
1	I used to love this place...until they screwed up my brand new wheel. Ahmed, the owner, promised to replace it but then started avoiding my calls. I asked him why and the outraged little man started screaming at me. Needless to say, I'm taking him to court. If you have a nice car or nice wheels, I would not trust this place at all.
3	Did a good job of cleaning but definitely missed a couple of spots that I'm paying for (air vent louvers). Looked to upsell me right away to something that didn't make any sense.
1	I think if it costs 12.95 to wash my car, at least they could do is make sure my windows are clean. My floors still looked like it wasn't vacuumed either. Lastly, there was trash still in my cupholders.
5	Exceeded my expectations by far! They really took the effort to give my awesome new Toyota the best clean it could get. Not only was it an exceptional clean, but it was for a reasonable and affordable price as well. Will definitely come back!
