4	I have to start this by saying i love the Eastern locale. This is still a great place and i like the interior. I highly recommend this location for affordable neapolitan pizza with two caveats. The oven needs a bit of dialing in. One pizza was slightly under done for the amount of char, the other was great though. The other is the gelato, it is not Art of Flavors, the pistachio definitely has food coloring.
4	FTR!? Yea of course I'm gonna try to get it. Will I fail or succeed? I'll find out soon. It seems like forever that I've waited for Chef Marc to open up one of his Novecento in the SW, been kind of stalking this location for awhile. Anyways Novecento is probably one of my favorite pizza spots of this style, the other is Settabello even though as a whole I think they're 2 different kind of businesses, similar but different. You come in select your size, your sauce, your toppings, and in 90 seconds or so you have your pizza hot and ready to eat.  They have a huge selection of toppings too many for me to name but there must have been about 20-40. Pepperoni, capers, smoked salmon, salami, spicy salami, sundried tomato, just to name a few. There was a lunch special for $8.99 which included a 7 inch one topping margherita pizza, a small salad, and a drink. I went with white sauce, pesto, and spicy salami on the pizza it was pretty good a little on the greasy side but good flavor. I went with the arugula salad which came with some balsamic vinegar, delicious, there was a mixture of 2 kinds of olives in it, mushrooms, artichoke hearts, and other things. Tossing some of the salad on the pizza made it so good that I wanted another. That's just one pizza, do whatever combination you want, one or more topping, top it with a salad or not. I've had their pizzas at their other location up north, they're delicious.For you gelato fans there's gelato too. The guy told me half was from Art of Flavors so looks like I don't have to drive far for my AOF. AOF is a gelato shop in the center of town doing all kinds of unique flavors and I always see people checking in. I'll be checking in here more often what's the point of me going to the gym.There's also Italian coffee, drink them as is or with some gelato. It's located right next to Kobe Sushi north of the 215 on S. Rainbow. Parking has already been limited with the number of businesses around the plaza so park in the back of the building if there's no parking. It seems a lot smaller when compared to the original location. I'd say there's enough seats but once people start finding out it's here forget about dining inside during lunch take it to go. I'll definitely be back before the end of the week or tomorrow.Also pick up one of their loyalty cards. Buy 10 pizzas or salad and get a free 10" two topping pizza. Looks like the special counts for only 1 at least that how many stamps I got.
5	After taking multiple trips to Italy the last few years, I have been desperately searching for an authentic, high-quality pizza in the states. One of my friends suggested I head across town to try Novencento and I wasn't disappointed. I'm SO HAPPY a location has now opened on the Southwest side of town.The major draw here is the quality of the ingredients. Super high quality dough, olive oil, salami and cheese makes the pizza superior to other pizzas. This is true European / Italian style pizza. Pizza Hut it ain't. I decided on a custom built pizza. You can add  really high quality toppings to customize, but they suggest you add no more than 3. The pizza won't cook all the way through if it's loaded down, so don't start fussing that your pie isn't loaded with cheese or salami -- it's done in the traditional Italian way! The pizza itself was tasty. I opted for a simple cheese, marinara, and olive oil pie. Sometimes you can tell the true quality of a meal when you go for simple and unfussy. I cannot stress the super high quality of the ingredients that are used. They also offer three different kinds of pizza crust: wheat, original and gluten free (perfect if you have food allergies).  The caesar salad was very good and the smaller size makes a nice side dish for one. To keep with the Italian theme, they have a small gelato counter and they serve Illy coffee (my favorite), so I'll be sure to get an espresso next time I'm in. There's a Starbucks directly across the way from them but if you go there to get a coffee instead of here, line up so I can give you a smack! Illy espresso is the BEST.The atmosphere is cool and hip with concrete floors and gorgeous reclaimed wood tables. They have a soda fountain with brewed iced tea and Pepsi products. The employees are all VERY friendly and welcoming and they are happy to take the time to teach you about the menu. Note that parking in this shopping center can be difficult -- it's sometimes hard to find a spot. This is a great, fresh pizza place! Welcome to the neighborhood, Novecento!
4	Same tasty Neapolitan pizza and friendly service from Chef Marc and his staff at the newest Novecento location.I didn't even know there was a new one opening until I saw LJ's review.  Mi amiga and I both had the day off and met up here for lunch during opening week. Chef Marc was there to greet me when I arrived first. I've met him previously at the Novecento in the Northwest as well as at his Parma restaurant, so it was nice to see him here even though I'm sure he doesn't remember me. That man is always full of energy and passionate about his food, at least the three times that I've seen him.  Girlfriend arrived and the friendly man working behind the counter explained the pizza options, plus the specials.  We chose to share the $13.99 special: a 10" Margherita pizza with one topping (mushrooms) plus a small salad (chopped), plus one drink, but they threw in the second one on the house--grazie!  We also got the gluten-free crust at mi amiga's request and, since I'd never had gluten-free pizza before, I was curious as to how it would taste.  Neapolitan pizza is soft dough pizza and it's not for everyone, but I like it.  The gluten-free version tasted just like the regular version, except it seemed a little spicy to me.  Nevertheless, the salad and pizza were more than enough for both of us.  This is not complicated food, just delicious food.  The small chopped salad consists of romaine, Genoa salami, gorgonzola cheese, and red wine vinaigrette.  The Margherita is marinara sauce, fresh mozzarella, basil, grated cheese, extra-virgin olive oil, and whatever toppings you choose to add.  Novecento also carries our favorite gelato, Art of Flavors, the best in town and yet another reason to be a fan.  If you haven't tried Novecento, now is the time.  Mangia!*It seems that there are two separate business listings for the same location-ugh.
5	Awesome pizza!  I could give you novecento reasons to try this pizza  but that would take too much time and space and also I don't get paid enough. (where's my elite badge?) besides one reason should suffice.....AWESOME pizza! Brand new spanking place still with that brand new car smell and cleanness, no burnt out employees still smiling and patiently providing great customer service on a very well designed modern dining area made my tiny 10 inch 10 dollar Neapolitan pizza the best deal in town!  Build your own pizza starting from the dough, regular or gluten free, the sauces and the ingredients laid out in front on you subway style, then taken to a real wood burning brick oven to melt cook and infuse all those wonderful ingredients you just picked into one edible masterpiece, at the end you have no one to blame or to praise for your wonderful creation but yourself...ok, and some minimal help from chef Marc and his credo that only the freshest and finest ingredients makes for a better pie.Don't believe me?....fuc my review and go try it for yourself!Novecento visit challenge #1     \uuu/ \uuu/
4	We came in during the first few days after they opened, so the staff was still working out some of the kinks. I won't fault them for that. They were all extremely friendly and helpful and there is always a bit of a learning curve for a new spot.Despite the fact that the entire staff was still in the training stages, the food came out tasting great. Chef Marc was there helping the staff out and giving them pointers as they prepared our food and chatted us up while we waited. You really see how passionate he is for his business, which was important. Everyone in our party ordered the one topping pizza, salad and drink combo. My fella and I decided to share since we wanted to try out the dessert pizza. We opted for the spicy sauce and supprassota on top. It had a nice spicy kick and the crust was perfection. Even better than the one I had at their other location on Eastern. The salad was great as well. We opted for the Caesar and it had a nice subtle flavor and wasn't overly sauced, which I enjoyed. We ordered everything together and they offered to make our dessert pizza a little later so we could enjoy it when we were ready, so it was as fresh and warm as possible. The flavors were great and I really enjoyed this little treat. Not overly sweet and had a nice savory aspect that helped even out the powdered sugar and fruit topping. As much as I liked it, I would probably stick to their savory items next time since they offer Art of Flavors gelato as well and it's very hard to me to resist that when it's available.I'm very excited by the newest addition to this complex and I see myself coming pretty often to indulge my pizza and gelato cravings.
5	My favorite pizza in town! So excited to drive past and see a new location on my side of town!I always get pepperoncinis, tomatoes, and gobs of pressed garlic. Omg, it's so delicious.
5	Super friendly staffs, pizza was good. nice smoky flavor. I tried this bottled tea with vanilla coconut flavor, it was great too
2	I hate to give a new business a bad review....but I think they should know of the experience we had Friday night.....especially since this is their 2nd location.Friday nights are pizza Friday's and we wanted to go some place new. So I hoped on YELP and Novecento came up with great reviews....and I also knew of a Novecento in the GV area so I was excited to have one on my side of town. We found it very easily at Rainbow between Sunset and Post Rd (behind the Port of Subs and Starbucks).We walked in and got in line behind two other families to order our dinner. The process was a little slow because there seemed to be confusion with the staff making the pizzas. There was one gentleman that seemed to know what he was doing but everyone seemed to need his help and he was also in charge of baking the pizzas.After about 15-20 min it was finally our turn to order....I was starving and so were my twins  and they were excited to pick out their toppings and watch the pizza being put together.About 2-3 different people had a hand in putting out order together.....one just as confused as the next. The young man in charge of the sauce seemed to have never really made pizzas before...kept stretching the dough to thin and not putting enough sauce on it....we also asked for a salad and that was like pulling teeth to get someone to make it.We finally make it to the end of the pizza counter to pay and order drinks....you even see the pizzas go in the oven (again something my twins really enjoyed)...the soda machine wasn't working yet so we had to order bottled sodas and my husband ordered beer.....at this point I needed a glasses of wine but they didn't have any wine yet. After ringing everything up and $74 dollars later...we had 4 pizzas a salad and 2 beers. We went to sit down because they walk your pizza out to you. We got our salad surprisingly fast after the confusion and when I looked over to see our pizzas, I noticed they were already cooked and in front of the pizza oven.....they sat there for 10 min before being delivered to our table. I told everyone not to complain and just eat it...I was now irritated and my cheat night of pizza was a disaster. As for the flavor of the pizza, it was ok.....Settebello is better and pricing is just about the same and they have wine and they have waiter/waitress service. The staff was nice just inexperienced and confused.I do hope they get it together.....they are in a great location and have the potential to make a killing!
3	So far, pretty good lunch pizza place.  They cook the pizza quickly because it's baked at almost twice the temperature that pizza should be cooked at... thus the name 900 for 900 degrees.It wasn't bad, and the service was decent although it was kind of strange that they were open but also had some construction going on.  It's THAT new.I think that it's probably going to be a hit with the lunch crowd if it keeps it quick.  At $11-15 per person, it's not too bad when you want a quick sit down place for pizza.  It's not your average Dominos or anything.   I believe the actual lunch special is somewhere around $9 but I don't remember exactly now.  Comes with a 1 topping 7" pizza with a salad and a drink.
4	Ever wish for a place that is healthy & fresh combined with fast food? Well I have and Novecento is the closest thing in Vegas. It's like Pizza Hut clashed with whole foods, it's like weight watchers married Grimaldis. Delicious wood oven hot pizza and choice of four gourmet salads. Try the pesto sauce, fresh basil, parm, fresh mozzarella & pepperoni pizza add on the beet salad. I have dined 3xs and tried new items each time, and have not been disappointed. The lunch special features, 1 pizza + 1 topping +1 salad + 1 drink for $8.99. TIP the base pizza comes w sauce of your choice, parmesan, fresh basil and fresh mozzarella.
5	I don't write reviews often but when I do it is because the business deserved it. That is the case with Novecento on S Rainbow. Disregard the negative reviews about a new location opening. All places work kinks out. I went in there today and received some of the best service you could receive. They explained the menu and process to me. They explained all their salads and drinks. They wanted to make sure I enjoyed my dining experience. Every employee said hi and were very friendly. As for the pizza, best 90 sec pizza in town. Fresh dough and ingredients. Very hot and flavorful. The place was very clean. If you want quick, flavorful and affordable pizza then stop at Nove and show them some love. They will do the same to you. And if you like the service and plan on coming back then make sure and grab a VIP card. Can't beat it!Disclaimer for the cynical people...  I in no way work for or am affiliated with Nove. I just appreciate excellent service and food and give kudos where kudos is deserved. The end!
4	I've been wanting to try this for a long time, so happy it finally came to our neighborhood.I was a little overwhelmed with the menu, so many choices and combinations! We ended up getting a Bianco and a Naples with Suprassotta. They were done in the blink of an eye, we paid, got our drinks and they were ready. once you cut your pizza the center crust gets a bit soggy, but the pizza's were really good. We even had some AOF gelato for dessert. Prices are a bit high for the size of the pizzas, so I'm sure we'll return again and again, it just won't be our Go To pizza place.
4	Welllll the pizza was okay, maybe I'll try someone different next time- I had the regular sauce & pepperoni but the chopped salad is reason enough to come here! So good!
5	Third time here and enjoyed every trip.  Pizzas are top notch with all the toppings you could ask for .. chopped salad was excellent and Calzone was, if not the best, one of the best I ever had. Helpful and polite service. Thoroughly enjoyed!
1	On Sunday, I ran a few errands and stopped at my favorite Starbucks on Rainbow for an iced tea. It was the last day of eating what I wanted before my diet started and as I left Starbucks, I noticed the "90 second wood fired pizza" sign across the way. I walked in and was pleased with the decor of the new pizza spot. The ordering process is very similar to ordering a sandwich at Subway. A young lady asked me what I would like. I ordered a pizza with whole wheat crust with pepperoni and garlic. At a little over $12, I was hoping for something pretty amazing out of a 10", very thin pizza. It went in the oven as I paid and was at my table in a to go box in less than 2 minutes. So far so good. I went home with my goodies and settled in. It was all downhill from there. The underside of this thing was black from being cooked too hot. I took one bite and the only way I can describe the flavor is "burnt salt." I couldn't taste the whole roasted garlic chunks, the mozzarella or the pepperoni. I don't know if it was the sauce or the crust, but I felt like I went 12 rounds with a salt lick. I looked for a spot that wasn't scorched to resemble asphalt and after 3 bites, I have up and drank the rest of my iced tea in the hopes of saving my taste buds from the sodium WMD that I was just assaulted with. First and last time I try a 90-second pizza.
4	The whole wheat dough was delicious. Had the Roma pizza. The Pancetta was salty, the organic brown eggs are a great addition and just the overall taste was a pleasant surprise. Came out much faster than other wood fire places. They also have gelato and sorbet with some rotating flavors. Lots of flavor and smooth. Check this place out it just opened but the word is getting out. They also have pinch cards and an app for free pizza :)
5	If I could I would give them 6 stars. Awesome service and awesome food. The pizza, salad, drink deal is great. They are very helpful and very fast. They get busier every time I'm there which is good to see. If you're out this way, stop and get some fresh, fast pizza.
4	We had the opportunity to have a UYE event here and it was amazing! When you come to novecento you order the pizza as you walk in the line and pick all the topics you desire! ($1.00 for 10 inch and .60 for the 7 inch). It only takes 90 minutes to cook so the wait is very shot! Must haves:Chopped salad, margherita pizza and of course gelato! Chef Marc is great, he really works hard to make you feel comfortable and provide great customer service!So if you are in the mood to have neapolitan pizza while supporting local business do not forget to come to novecento.
2	Idk how I feel about this location . Tried to come in on a Monday at 8:30 pm when there were customers inside , we just parked right in front of the entrance when the only customers they had were leaving . The worker immediately locked the doors behind them and turned the open sign off. They clearly saw us pull up and saw me try to open the door because we examined the sign on the front door saying that it closes at 10 pm on a Monday . However they did not even acknowledge us on why they were doing this . Makes me think less of Novecento when I've had such great experiences at their other locations . I was really looking forward to this visit and don't see myself ever returning to this location . Two stars cause the food is bomb , however this is for the rudeness I experienced today .
5	Man it's been a while since I posted Yelp reviews!  I missed it, sniff.  I have so many reviews backed up and I promise to get to it within a week or 2.  For now I could not delay posting a review of Novecento in S. Rainbow, and experiencing it at a Yelp event.  It was soooo much fun!I have tried Novecento in their north Vegas branch, and I have to say that this particular branch in my Southwest area, as well as the particular event I had experienced it in made it much sweeter the second time around.  Chef Marc is one of the most passionate human beings I have come across in my lifetime and it is such a joy to be eating his food and learning so much about it.First let me throw a preamble on the Italian pizza being served in Novecento and how it departs from the familiar American pizza.  It is a smaller, more refined version of their NY style cousin.  The pizza is thrown into a wood-fire 900 degree oven and swirled around a few times and it is DONE in 90 seconds.  Sometimes I fantasize on doing an experiment of how soon things will cook in this oven. Bacteria I heard won't even last coz they die at 160 degrees.  I was lucky that in this particular UYE slash birthday party, there was a raffle for 8 folks to get drawn and have their hand at making pizza.  I didn't get drawn, but a friend of mine was called twice (her and her husband) so she offered me and my son her spot.  (Thank you Jessica!)  I was soo giddy!  I don't even make pizza at home, so this was a real treat.  We get to the counter, spread the sauce... sprinkled tons of cheese which had to be spread evenly on the pizza dough, put our toppings - pepperoni, mushrooms, anchovies (I love anchovies!) and bring our pizza to Chef Marc.  He moved the ingredients around to make empty space at the center of the pizza.  He says this is to ensure that the pizza cooks evenly and the ingredients gradually move towards the center anyway.  He sprinkles a little salt and pepper at the crust, parmesan and fresh basil everywhere, and he fires up the pizza.This pizza really has to have your undivided attention because man do they cook quickly!  Bam!  It's out of the oven.  I think I almost had a tear fall... it was so pretty... at least to me. :)  The pizza is fantastic, as well as the other times we had prior to the pizza.  I especially loved the chopped salad (lettuce, cabbage, peppers, salami, bleu cheese and red wine vinaigrette) and the eggplant parmigiana, they were DIVINE.  Thank again to the Qs for such a fun and yummy event, and to Chef Marc for your unwavering zeal towards food.  It is extremely contagious... and delicious :)
4	Came here on a Monday afternoon before my trek back to Los Angeles. I was pleasantly surprised at the quality of toppings and crust they have here. I ordered the Wheat crust, and added Pancetta/Ricotta/Red Onion/Pesto/Smoked Mozz/EGG. The crust was cooked a little on the char side, but was still airy enough to enjoy. I was impressed by the quality of their Pancetta and Ricotta, because it had the right amount of cured saltiness and creaminess, respectively. For a $10 pie that had their quality, it was close to reaching a great threshold in "bang for your buck" Despite a small shortcoming, I really enjoyed Novecento. Simple, quality ingredients, and relaxed ambiance is allowing this place to turn up the heat off the strip.
5	Couldn't help but try this place out for lunch hour, quick & the atmosphere was great. Can't beat $10 for a lunch special. 7" pizza, small salad & drink. No longer than a 3 minute wait. How awesome is it that you have various dough selections. Definitely coming back.
5	Good food, this was our first time here.   I use Yelp to locate good places to take my family.  All the pizzas are hand tossed and made to order, then wood fired in 90 seconds.  Great food and fun to make your own!
5	Just had lunch here, and got the lunch special - very tasty, fresh, and enjoyable! Will be back again.
4	Met my son here yesterday for a late lunch. We had never been here before. When we walked in we were greeted right away. The lady behind the counter asked if it was our first time. She then explained everything to us. I always appreciate good service. We both went with the combo. I ordered the 7 inch wheat pie with pomodoro sauce fresh mozzarella and artichoke hears, a caeser salad and a drink. My son ordered the wheat pie 10inch with pesto sauce and olives. The food was delivered quickly and I have to say the sauce on the pizza was delicious. The pizza crispy with the cheese melted and the artichoke hearts a little charred. Fantastic. My son enjoyed his pie as well. My only small critique would be a little more dressing on the salad. The romaine was fresh and crispy as were the croutons. The prices were reasonable, the service great, a clean place. I will come back to try other combinations.
5	The here for lunch and it was very delightful. I didn't know what to expect when I walked in. You create your own pizza by selecting your dough, sauce, cheese, and toppings. I made a Neapolitan, Pesto, Bufula mozzarella, tomato, and chicken. It was DELICIOUS anddddd it was hot and ready so fast! I also got a chopped small salad which was so fresh and the perfect size! And then on TOP of that I finished my yummy lunch with NUTELLA gelato!!  YUM!!! They also have a bar. And a happy hour. I want to come back for that. All in all- I hope this local hot spot sticks around!
4	I love this place. All of the issues i had with this place on day two of operation are gone, the pizzas are coming out consistently perfect. I also love the upgraded decor in comparison to the Eastern locale. The things that could propel this restaurant in five stars would be some menu rotation (perhaps a pizza of the week?), better gelato (Art of Flavor or house made) and for Pete's sake can i get a ceramic plate! Plastic plates and steak knives are not friends. I still have mad love for you though Novecento!
2	Good ingredients, poor execution, and a lot of salt. I ordered a margherita pizza and the soup. I had higher hopes when my pizza was being put together, but not that high. There was no consistency in sauce or topping placement. Once my pizza was in the oven, I started cringing. The person working the oven would clang the pizza peel in front of the oven to let go of any ash or soot that was on it. This resulted in extra soot on the bottom of my pizza (my fingers became black while eating). Also, they asked me if I wanted this cut, which was pointless because they didn't cut it all the way through. It looked like random lines being made in my pizza. This was the sloppiest pizza I've ever ordered.And the soup? It was bland with a chalky aftertaste. They also need to figure out a better way to transport it. Maybe a small piece of cardboard to put beneath the foil tray they put it in would solve that issue.Will not come back. Also, 90 seconds is a lie. Maybe their oven wasn't at peak temperature, but I stood there for a good 5 minutes. Not a total deal breaker, but when that's one of your main selling points, you should have that part down to a science.
5	Family and I went today for the first time. Knew it would be great as we are big fans of Chef Marc's Parma. Service was great, staff greeted us warmly and asked if it was our first time and explained process. Chef Marc was there and called us over to sample a new dish he was working on, "avolto", which is INCREDIBLE! We ordered a cheese pizza for our 19 month old, wife had a gluten free Chef Marc and I had the Calbrese. Everything was PERFECT. Ingredients and flavors were exceptional. Had a little gelato after to top it off which was the perfect finish to a wonderful lunch! Will be going back this week!
5	Had a great pizza and a folded pizza sandwich Chef Marc was playing with today for lunch.  Everything was delicious and the staff were all friendly.  I'm excited to go back soon.
5	This my new favorite pizza place! The lunch special is great and the food is delicious! The service is great too.
5	First time at this restaurant. Brand new in neighborhood. We had the margerita pizza with pepperoni and red onion as well as caesar salad. Fresh ingredients, great and fast service, pizza came out amazingly fast!! And How can you turn down happy hour beer special on the sam adam october fest.   this place is a winner and it has a super cute interior to enjoy your wood fired pizza! We will be back!
2	Well, maybe we caught them on a very off night......but our experience was not very good. We had a Groupon to use for 2 pizzas and 2 Gelato and even for what we paid, I feel like I wasted money. First off, it takes the employee about 10 minutes to "prep" your pizzas (which kind of seemed excessively long) then of course 90 seconds to bake it. The pizzas came out luke warm at best, the pizza and toppings were NOT hot like you would normally expect. The pizzas were soggy, droopy and just tasted doughy. I would say maybe another 90 seconds would fix the problem? Or maybe thats what they serve? Not sure, but I have eaten pizzas for over 30 years and I would have to say this pizza reminded me of Elementary School "square pizza"......droopy/soggy and just plain bad. Oh, well.....you win some and you lose some......
4	We have had this place on the to-do list for a while. With the help of a Groupon we finally made it for dinner. The groupon offered 2 Pizzas and 2 Gelatos. Upon entering the restaurant we were greeted and asked if this was our first visit. Since it was we received the introduction to the build your own Pizza process. One Pizza had the regular tomato sauce, cheese, sausage, black olives and bell peppers. The second one had a combination of the regular tomato sauce and the spicy version plus cheese, basil, sausage, mushrooms and jalapeno peppers. The pizzas were cooked in 90 seconds as advertised. By the time we paid at the registers and sat down the pizzas were ready. Both versions were tasty and the thin dough was crispy on the edge and soft in the middle. The combination of toppings was delicious. The size of the pizzas was more than enough for 2 people and provided some to go.The beer and wine choices are reasonably priced and the day we were there the draft beer was 2 for 1. There are 15 choices of gelato and tastings are offered to help you decide. We enjoyed the chocolate mint (2 scoops) plus a chocolate, and butter pecan (1 scoop of each).The staff was friendly and helpful. The dining room has comfortable seating and plenty of light from the large windows. We are looking forward to a return visit to try some of the other menu items.
5	Love this place! They have really good gluten free pizza, a wide variety of topping choices and they make the pizza in 90 seconds. It's kind of amazing. Also, get the desert pizza.. They will do it gluten free as well.. So good!
5	I love this place!  Even though it's pretty much self-service, the employees sure make it fun to dine there.  You go and place your pizza/salad order, pay, get a drink from the soda fountain (or beer/wine bar) and then sit down.  By the time you sit down, the pizza is ready.My previous favorite pizza place is Grimaldi's.  The pizza is totally different there so it just depends what style I'm craving.  If I want NY style, and service, I go to Grimaldi's.  When I'm craving Neapolitan style, I go here.  I have to say, my one complaint about Grimaldi's is I don't *love* the salads.  At Novecento, I LOVE the chopped salad.  As in, I'm addicted.  I crave it.  The dressing is super tasty...tart and that feta cheese just gets me!I usually get pepperoni and mushroom with the spicy sauce (a must!).  If I'm with my 2-year-old though, I get regular sauce and just dust it with the red peppers.Speaking of the red pepper flakes:  I never in a million years thought I would say anything special about red pepper flakes.  However, at Novecento, Chef Marc told me that he grinds them in a coffee/spice grinder first, then puts them in the shakers.  Brilliant!  No more getting it stuck in your teeth or gnawing on them.  Ever since he told me, I've been doing it at home and have a little server with ground red pepper flakes.  Genius!
5	I'm so glad I accidentally dropped into this place! It was exactly what I was looking for...from the experience, to the atmosphere, to the quality of the food! Chef Marc and his staff were super friendly, helpful, and passionate about what they do. Loved the fresh ingredients, crust options (I went with whole wheat), fresh made sausage & meatballs and other topping options. I made my own, and really loaded it up, and it was still delicious. It really was ready in 90 seconds. Hit the spot! If you're thinking about trying it out, do it, you won't be disappointed.
5	I love this pizza!!!! You can custom make your own pizza how you like it and then it's cooked and ready to eat soooo quickly!!!! We discovered this place and now we have been back about 7 times because we are ADDICTED!!!! Other pizza places just can't compare!!!!!
5	Been here a few times and they are great.  There are many good pizza shops around the town but if you are opting for Pizza Hut, papa johns, dominos and etc...  You are definitely missing out.
5	This is the first time trying Novecento and I was super impressed!The customer service is most excellent, we came in using a Groupon and they did not throw a fit like some places. Our lady topping the pizzas was very kind and knowledgeable. I asked about the cheese and meats and she knew! The man who actually placed the pizza in the over was super sweet and nice! The pizza was out in no time and my son and I were sooooo excited to try the pizzas. I got a white pizza with smoked cheese, chicken, and pancetta. It was cooked perfectly and was so stinkin delicious! Santiago got the beef, pancetta, and pepperoni... hes def a carnivore! He loved it. The crust is perfect, the sauces were ok... I dont like red sauce! But he appreciated it.The location is far from my house, but we will def be back!The only thing I would love to see, and I know its not traditional, but ranch and buffalo sauce!! I love me a buffalo chicken pizza!!Yay!
4	The pizza cooks very quickly...(90 seconds) but the prep to create your pizza can take some time.  We thought this was going to be a super speedy process but it was a lengthy process and we were the only ones there.  They serve Illy brand coffee, lattes, etc.  Great pellet ice with the fountain drinks.As for the pizza...it's a thin crust and reminds me of a Grimaldi's pizza.  They aren't very generous with the cheese so double cheese may be needed.  I prefer my pizza to be stiff and not floppy when I pick it up so I have them leave it in the oven a little longer.  The arugula salad is very good but the olives do have the pits inside.We will return again sometime soon.  Lots of seating, clean, and friendly.
2	Giving this place only 2 stars only because this is the 2nd time we have tried to come for dinner and they were closed! Hours of operation are till 10:00pm! It's only 7:30pm. The food is really good but this is a good way to lose business.
1	This location closed.
5	I love their pizza and the spicy marinara is delicious. The calzones were delicious as well and I am very sad to learn about this location closing
