5	Went into the store looking for a specific item that was on clearance online.  The store was a bit of a mess- end of the season sales.  But the staff was unbelievably friendly.  I was only able to find 1 of the items that I needed and when I asked for help the staff was happy to assist me.  Even with the store about to close (I was the only customer left) the staff members helped me, chatted with me, and found exactly the item I was looking for.  They even gave me a list of stores that has the item in stock in case I needed more.  I will definetly shop at this store again.
5	Gadz, the reviews for this place are all over the map!  At the time of this writing, we've got a 5 Star review here, & a 1 Star, for this location alone.  Let's go over there & see what actually IS!Have you ever wanted to buy something that ought to be available at any number of stores but no one has it?  Take for instance a simple orange squeezer, the kind that 99 Cents Only should have, but they don't.  In fact, I tried 10+ stores for one, & they just aren't available!The item this time was a simple, clear plastic butter dish.  Once IKEA got a thousand of them in, & I bought one, for 50 cents!.  I returned the next day to get another, & they were sold out & not expected to be available again.  I've been watching for another of the same one ever since!Walmart has a clear plastic butter dish for $2.99, but you can't pick it up off the counter!  They forgot to put handles on it, & the edge is such that you have to scoop it up with a knife blade!  They apparently made a million of them without ever trying to use it!What about Amazon?  Well, still no inexpensive orange squeezer, but they do have a butter dish.  No, it's not clear plastic, but you can see through the translucent material enough to get by.  The trouble is, with shipping, it's $5.99 + $5.11 shipping = $11.10 & "the COLOR MAY VARY, so the one you get may not even allow you to see how much butter is left in it!  No thanks!Ok, so all of this finally brings us to Bed Bath & Beyond.  I spotted exactly the same dish as the one I have from IKEA & love, on BB&B's Website!  (See photo.)  I rocketed over to this store on Monday afternoon to buy it, & although they didn't have it in stock at the moment, the super friendly & helpful staff member there offered to have it sent directly to my house from the warehouse for a reasonable $2.99 + tax = $3.24, & they'd pay the shipping!  Today, less than 72 hours later, UPS planted it on my doorstep!This was the first time I have ever bought anything from Bed Bath & Beyond, & I'm very impressed!  A big "Woohoo" for this excellent company!     :-))
4	I'm not a home decor or kitchen aficionado, but whenever I need something for the house that I want to be a step up from Target (or can't find there), I can always find it at Bed Bath & Beyond. The store is big, and has nearly anything you can think of. If you actually look hard enough, you can even find some random stuff that you would never expect to find. Prices are very competitive. Not typically the lowest unless there's a sale, but there's always a deal to be found. The staff is also very helpful. I was once there to buy some place mats and matching napkins for my table. They were one napkin short, and the cashier dug through several boxes in the back to find them. While that's something I know a good store employee should do, I know that it's just as easy to lie and say they're out (Bed Bath & Beyond doesn't strike me as commission based). For me, the big score is K-cups for my Keurig Coffee Maker. Bed Bath & Beyond has the best selection I've seen at any store. And only charges $9.00 for an 18-pack (about a buck less than most places sale prices). It's not a store that's really in my range of interest. But for those of you who love home accessories, this is a great place for you.
3	Sad to see that Bed Bath & Beyond raised the prices on the Keurig K-cups to $11.00/box.  Still a good store if you need something for your home, but It's no longer worth my while to drive over here for those (which is why I end up at Bed bath & Beyond most often).
4	I can't recall ever having a bad experience in here.  I sometimes have come in after a specific item and sometimes come in just to browse and see what's new.  When I have questions I can find people to answer them and the people are very pleasant.  The prices are fair if not cheap and the store often has items I haven't seen anywhere else.  I was able to order inexpensive curtains with the " pinch pleat" for our office.  I know I will pop in here every time I'm in town and rarely leave without finding something I can use, even if it's not what I came after.
5	I spend enough at Bed Bath and Beyond, I should probably just get a weekend job there for discounts. But they have such good deals, especially on those random household essentials that other stores don't seem to stock as much, and I cook a fair bit and I'm obsessively organized, so I end up here a lot. Anyway, this is my closest location and I've always had excellent service here. I seem to buy a lot of wedding presents here too, go figure.
2	Heard of Whataburger?  Welcome to Whataripoff.I guess I was clueless--my wife knew that their prices were inflated but I didn't.  Granted, they have a hell of a selection of stuff, but when I saw that their prices for electric razors was about $20 more for the exact same one you can find on the shelf at Target, it turned me off.  Target may not be as fancy, and you may not get the selection, but if you want a toaster, an iPod speaker, or whatever, you will get it for significantly less elsewhere.  Even the "clearance" items were more expensive or as expensive as shelf prices at Target or WalMart.  An example?  A clock consisting of a thin wood frame, a fake plastic picture canvas, and a $7 AA-battery quartz movement goes for $70 here, and $30 on clearance.  Are you kidding me?No.  Come here if you get a gift card--but I assure you it won't go far. . .
4	Needed to do a return here today. Their return policy is excellent and their staff were very friendly. I had no receipt and the item was used so I know it probably looked a little sketchy, but the item was a gift. Regardless, they were very helpful and did the exchange. I purchased some Yankee candles and accessories because I'm a bit of a candle freak. I don't think the candles were any more expensive then they would be at any other Yankee store, plus they had some great deals on them (Clearance etc.) They just seemed understaffed at the front register.
5	I love this store. It seems to be your typical BB&B but I will say the employees are very kind and helpful. I LOVE when friends do their registry here for weddings. Super easy to find the items they want AND you can wrap their gift for free right there in the store with their super cute wrapping station. I totally agree with previous reviewer who talked about finding simple things like a butter dish or orange squeezer...maybe not things you "need" but things that are super helpful you cant always find in other stores. When I visit this store I always pick up a few of the BB&B wax melts and I visit the clearance sections. I always find fantastic deals there. Got an adorable shower curtain for $5 because it was the floor model. Absolutely nothing wrong with it.
3	Personal experience has been highly mixed. I have walked out in disgust but always return at some later date Their inventory is exceptional and so are some personnel. Pricing is usually good. Highly attractive stores.
3	Decided to buy a Keurig thru BBS on October 4th because of their awesome return policy and price with my 20% discount. I had to unfortnantley custom order a Keurig K67 coffee machine because they were out of stock in store. Lady at counter told me I would receive it within 1 week because they were low on inventory. Nearly 3 weeks later after a couple email communications I was informed I would be receiving a refund because they couldn't find K67. I was very mad and losing my patience by this time. I ended up going back to the store and buying a basic model K45 which was in stock from the begining. Instead of getting a refund they processed it as an even exchange which helped.
