4	I have had lower back problems for a number of years now. However I always put it off, telling myself it would go away, until one day it go so bad, and I was so sick of it, I decided to do something about it. After being turned away by several doctors, telling me it was just postural and there wasn't much I could do, I eventually decided to seek help elsewhere.I'm glad I did. I have been going to the Edinburgh Physiotherapy Centre since.  I have since leaned a a lot about my problem and my treatment there has done wonders. Having had both their sports massage and physiotherapy services I have had some experience of this excellent medical centre that offers a range of services aimed at sorting out your physical shape.The centre has physiotherapists, osteopaths, chiropractors made up from a very professional team. They are particularly good at not only poking and prodding out but also telling you what is going on and what they think is wrong with you, making extra recommendations and giving advice whenever possible. The centre can also give alternative treatment such as acupuncture, again carried out with utmost profession (I can speak from experience).In an ideal world, prices would be a touch a cheaper, but compared to other physio in Edinburgh it remains competitive. The receptionist staff are always really friendly and we have a good chat. If you are having back, or any other chronic pain, I highly recommend getting it sorted before it drags on. The Edinburgh Physiotherapy Centre is a good start.
5	I loved this place. I went for a massage by Ray and the staff were great. The location is close and not in a crowded area. The massage was amazing (I went twice I liked it so much) I was here for the festival performing dance 25 days in a row without a day off and my body was in terrrible knots and pain, but this place is so worth it, prices are just the same as anywhere else. WONDERFUL
5	I've been a few times now for Physio to fix my knee & IT band issues. The team are fab & really know their stuff. There's a discount for block bookings too & they sell gadgets (Physio bands & spiky massage balls etc) so you can do some self therapy between Physio sessions.
