5	Borealis Grille and Bar is a restaurant with a focus on local foods; their motto "The Taste of Ontario" sums up their philosophy.  They promote and serve locally sourced Ontario foods and beverages, including a number of excellent wines from the Niagara region.  This extends also to the building, which is a beautifully refurbished early 19th Century historic schoolhouse with tin ceilings and metal work created by local artisans.As a result of this philosophy, the menu does vary from time to time, including the soup of the day, which was a delicious Butternut Squash soup.  I had the Ontario AAA Roasted Prime Rib 10oz, a great cut of medium-rare beef paired with roasted parsnip mashed potatoes and a medley of seasonal vegetables and accompanied with beef jus and horseradish.  My wife had the Ontario Beer Battered Fish & Chips, with Lake Erie pickerel (which is Ocean Wise certified), a side of fresh cut fries, and supplemented by a home-style tartar sauce and coleslaw.  We both enjoyed the soup and the entrees... my wife particularly enjoyed the fries, and I thought the prime rib was cooked perfectly.I would heartily recommend Borealis for those interested in having a great meal, and for those who are interested in local, sustainable food.
5	Ordered fish and chips for takeout, and when I arrived I added an order of samosas to go. The samosas came pretty quickly, and I enjoyed the atmosphere while I waited. Everything was tasty, hot, and the fish was really nice... The batter was really well done. Nice and light. I saw some great local beer on tap too... Will definitely come back for a sit down meal with a few beers. I was told that they try and source what they can from a 100 km radius, and there are pictures of the farms they buy from on the wall. Thanks for a great meal!
4	Everything is great about this place, with the exception of the food, which was okay.  The layout, and design of the location is great, and the staff is extremely friendly.  However I wasn't crazy over the food, there just wasn't enough flavor.  I ordered the Asparagus Fusilli which I found to be extremely sour; likely caused by the tomatos.  The person I was with ordered the Stuffed Chicken, which turned out to be much better.For appetizers, we ordered the Garlic Bread, I advice against this, it wasn't bad, but then again, there isn't much you can do wrong with 4 pieces of bread, toasted with cheese, probably the first thing anyone learns to cook.  Instead of this, go for something else a little less common, I don't even know why it's on their menu.The food took longer than usual to come out, but nothing to be upset over.  It looks like the cook is having a tough time come up with great dishes when restricted to just local ingredients.Given the limited choices in the tri-city area, this restaurant gets a bonus star, from 3 to 4.  If I were in-charge, the only thing I would change is the menu.
4	Love that the restaurant is based on fresh local ingredients. Great atmosphere and decor, great service...my glass of water was never below half full. We ordered the goat cheese appetizer, it was really good, loved it with the beets. I ordered the smokey burger. The flavour was fantastic fries were great, but trying to eat the burger without it falling apart was impossible. My husband ordered the sirloin steak and mushrooms...he said it had great flavour but the cut of meat wasn't that great, very chewy, with gristle through the middle. Had the s'mores parfait for dessert...really, really good! I would definitely return, but will try the prime rib or a fish entre next time.
4	A couple of us had attended during a lunch break.  The building used to be an old school house, and if you are seated upstairs you can really notice.  We were upstairs and the decor was great, old tin ceiling, nice antique wood floors and old pictures of the school house and students.  Another  great thing is that all the ingredients are local to Ontario, grass fed beef, local cheese and veggies.  All 3 of us ordered the old smokey burger, and man was it good.  The burger was nice, thick and juicy, you could really taste the smoked cheese and spices.  The bun ( again couldn't eat) was an artisan bun, and i was reassured that it was delicious.  The service was quick and we were all stuffed that it was hard to stay awake through the afternoon.Now because we all had the same thing, I can't really comment on other dishes, except one of the gentlemen that joined us for lunch, had ordered the squash/apple soup and a steak the previous night, and he said he loved it.  As for prices, they are a little high for some things, aprx $15 for the burgers, but I guess the soup, salad, and steak was only $35, which is pretty good.I highly recommend eating here the food was great, and all ingredients sourced locally which is nice to see.
3	If the prices were better I'd probably give them 4 stars. However, two things work against them:1. the really hit and miss decor and atmosphere - some rooms (the bar & upstairs) are really fantastic, real homey feel and reflect the aspirations of the 'eat local' and farm to table ambitions2. I'm not convinced on the locality of the food. The beer menu has the distance to all the local breweries and is really good. The food menu doesn't and I find that slightly odd from a place that purports to serve local and Ontario cusine. Some items on the menu cite their origins, many don't. Again, I'm not a dedicate locavore but when you advertise yourself as such then back it up. Onto the food - fish tacos were excellent. A piece of lime to squeeze on them would put them over the top. The prime rib poutine was good, only good, not great. For $15 I expect great poutine, and definately not overcooked prime rib. My wife had the tofu stack which she said was OK and the samosa appetizer which was good. One nitpicky thing - samosas don't come in wonton wrappers - called them curried wontons or something more accurate....Again, nothing wrong with this meal but nothing great. And when we are talking 3 apps, 1 main, 1 dessert and two drinks for $110 I expect better. The beer menu is very good though and the harvest ale I had was great.
5	Amazing food.  Amazing beer.  Ate here twice in three nights on our short stay in Kitchener.  The prime rib was unreal.  The butternut squash excellent as well.  Excellent service!!!
4	Borealis is probably my favourite restaurant in the Cambridge area. The very often used slogan think globally act locally is taken to heart by this lovely restaurant since all food and beverages at this reataurant are supposedly sourced locally to the Waterloo Region or within Ontario. The food is consistantly great with some variation in menu items based on local avilability and the chef. The drink menu has a pretty decent selection of Ontario beers and wines that wil keep your thrist quenched. Service has never been a problem but it has never been stellar either. The interior is a converted period building of some type, I believe it was a school house at one point and evokes a great atmosphere which also features a large concreate patio out front of the restaurant. Make sure you check out the specials as there are often great drink deals on.I'd like to give this place 5 stars due to its excellent combination of food, drink and atmosphere with local touch but the price point is a little too high to keep coming back regularly so 4 stars from me, check it out!
5	Sublime dinner at Borealis sitting at the bar alone.In Kitchener for business, read Borealis had a wing special on Mondays and Tuesdays. Draught Waupoos Cider, delicious. Many other intriguing libations on tap. Ordered two flavours of wings, one your regular hot and the other a blueberry BBQ sauce. I understand they have a new special sauce each week.Wings were nicely sized, perfectly crisp and appropriately sauced. And that homemade ranch dressing, oh boy! Worth writing yelp about.10/10, would and will go back. I highly recommend you do the same.
4	Very warm and friendly atmosphere. I goofed and placed a carry out order at the Guelph location, but when I showed up here, they apologized to me ( how's that for customer service?) and immediately set about getting my order ready. My steak was very good, sweet potatoes fries also were very good, the aioli sauce with them was quite tasty.
5	Easily the best bite I've had in the Kitchener area.  I have been here on business and really go out to try the local fare.  Our server, Conan, made this a real treat.I came here on "Date Night Wednesdays" with a coworker and we ordered the 3 course meal with a bottle of wine.  The wine was a great bottle...some Boca Noir/Cabernet that was local and had a nice versatile body.  For as much food as we got, it was a steal.  We started off with the Cheddar Ale Dip/Chips appetizer, which was good.  Our entrees were the Bison meatloaf which was the most generous cut I've had in a long time!  It was just amazing meatloaf with great potatoes and a wonderful sauce.  To cap the night off, I went with a Creme Brulee that was tourched to perfection.  On top of that, the meal was served with top-class service that allowed us to enjoy our meal to the full extent.  If you want a delicious menu with great but not overbearing variety, go here.
5	My wife and I have been to this amazing establishment numerous times and have always been ecstatic with the food and the service. But this last visit was worth mentioning. We came this time to celebrate our nephew's birthday. Our server, Luigi, gave us all, by far, to date, the best service we have all been given by any restaurant!! They even gave our nephew, for his birthday, a $25 gift card!! Wazzuh?!?! This is a MUST place to visit!! Ask for Luigi!
5	Good beer selection - tasty, locally grown/produced food - friendly staff - nice interior - and a Wednesday Date Night special!
4	Went in tonight for dinner and had a very nice experience. The staff was friendly, the atmosphere warm and my dinner fresh. I had a french onion soup which had a smoky cheese on top and an arugula salad that was dressed just right and hit the spot.
5	Overall a great meal.Ordered the duck confit on a risotto cake.  The risotto cake was absolutely incredible.  It was a meal on its own and paired with red onion and cherry compote, I could eat it all day. The crispy duck confit was juicy, tasty, delicious.I did have to have my first piece replaced... The duck arrived the first time, somehow dry and overcooked, despite being 'confit'. Probably a reheating issue for service. I mentioned this to the server and the kitchen happily replaced it and took the whole entree off the bill!  Fantastic surprise.Service was a little slow, and our server wasn't the best at topping up drinks, or clearing finished plates.Dessert was great, and a bargain at $4 each.
3	I love the thought process behind this restaurant - the well sourced and local food, the thoughtful prepared meals. I have yet to have a bad experience with regard to the amazing meals they serve.But. The service can definitely be spotty. I've sat at a table waiting for my order to be taken well after a neighbouring table had been seated, served drinks and their meal. It can definitely be hit or miss, which is disappointing given the otherwise amazing atmosphere and food. While I love to eat here, I wouldn't bring a client or a first date, just in case.
5	Amazing food and staff! The food was fresh and prepared perfectly. The potions were generous. The price was reasonable.They were kind and prepared for our two young children. The kid's meals were healthy and delicious.
5	Best restaurant in the region!Great taste, always fresh food from Ontario farms!They always have something in the menu for you.Friendly people and nice atmosphere. Also Excellent food for kids.
3	I went there and the salmon was very dry. I've had the pulled pork and really enjoyed it, despite what other people have said about it (too sweet). Service was as expected, and seemed decent. It did seem a bit over-priced for what you get, but I understand that it is all locally-sourced ingredients, which is a neat idea, and that may be what causes the prices to be higher.
4	Great restaurant - was surprised to find it so busy on a Tuesday night. I came around 7:30 and the dining room was full.  The service was really good. The french onion soup was one of the best I've had. Did not taste like traditional french onion soup but had a great flavour and was not excessively salty like some soups are.  Also had the arugula / quinoa salad with striploin.  The salad was really great  with a light dressing and lots of toppings.
4	This is a good choice if you want a change from your traditional chain restaurants. Mostly Local and fresh ingredients. The food and service were both very good. Our server knew his stuff and seemed to really enjoy his job.
2	So it was recommended that I try Borealis by a friend as I was in need of finding a place to host a party of 30-40 people. I went there to give it a shot as I've been wanting to try it anyway. Unfortunately I was not impressed with how I was received. The wait at the hostess table was long which I found odd for a Saturday night. Next I was taken to a table that had very little room for a big person to sit in. We asked to move to another table and it wasn't any better. There are too many tables for the room seems like they don't care to have large people eat there. I had ordered a ribeye Steak and was impressed with the sauce it was served with but the cut of steak had large sections of fat in it. I used to work for a butcher and if we ever had steaks like that they were usually sold last and at a discount due to the amount of fat in them.As for the service it seemed odd as the waitress really seemed like an order taker as the food was brought out by others. I had to ask for a steak knife as it was not delivered with the steak. I doubt if I will be returning here and I have found another location for the party.
2	They lost my reservation.  Luckily they had a crap table for 2.Food was good,  staff need more training as well.
4	Frequent guest at Borealis for both business and with immediate and extended family. Always well presented and tasty food. Good-sized portions but not gigantic, everything always fresh and, after at least 10-12 visits, I've yet to have anything not meet our standards. The specials are usually interesting and well-prepared choices, and the tastiness of the meals is always a good notch above ordinary ... really nice. The dessert menu is the only minor let-down for me (lack of much chocolate) but they have a good selection and last weekends fruit gelato was excellent. Staff (hosts, bar, servers) is wonderful and service is quick but not rushed, though I've had one or two visits where it was unusually busy/hectic. All three eating areas (plus private room under bar) are comfortably decorated, though if crowded the upstairs can be a tiny bit loud. Several servers have made our day there, including the genuinely amazing Luigi, though the new policy of not allowing servers to have cell phones with them have prevented us from seeing pictures of his beautiful new baby girl (shame on management :-)).Recommended place to eat for really tasty and local food, excellent atmosphere and prices, and great staff. Great for family, dates, business. Four solid stars.
3	Going here was a last sec decision. We were on our way some where else. What a pleasant surprise. Their claim to fame is all their ingredients are local. Which nice right away as the food taste so fresh. The food tasted good but not great. It was however a memorable dinning experience. It had a nice atmosphere. The place was an old school turned into a restaurant. One last tip and this is important. Asked for Luegi to be your server. He was by far the best part of our dinning experience.
4	Went to Kitchener for dinner to meet friends at local Restaurant called "Borealis". They say they source their food locally, all meat & vegatables. Restaurant was packed. I had a Grilled Turkey Sami & Sweet Potato fries & they was extremely tasty. My friend had Wild Boar Meatloaf & it was uniquely good. Also had a local beer that was very tasty but I've never heard of the brand. The Chef served us in person & the staff was engaged & polite. Not a inexpensive proposition but that food was above average to be sure. The only complaints were the size of the actual seating area  the positioning of the server station, it looked to be in the middle of the dining area & took away from the ambiance. All-in-all a solid meal that was very good & surely a do over.
