4	Great store... Workers are cordial and allow you to browse and play the guitars unmolested (unlike Ed Roman's). Prices beat Ed's by a mile too!
5	When I'm searching for any gear or want to test a guitar or bass, I go to Sam Ash first.This location has very helpful and knowledge able employees and excellent product selection. On several recent occasions, Guitar Department employees have gone out of their way to get me precisely what I want, without saying no or turning me away.
5	This place is absolute tops in my books. I've bought a couple of guitars and some  accessories from them in the past (strings, picks, stomp boxes, etc.). Sam Ash has always been my favorite music store in town.  But my last visit warranted a 5 star rating.  I went there because they were having a sale on Fender acoustic guitars.  All the guitars were still sealed in the factory boxes. I asked the sales guy (Jack) if he had something to cut the tape on the box so I could check it out before buying it.  Well, he opened the box, completely tuned it and played a few quick chords to make sure it was up to specs before handing it over to me.  This was totally unexpected!  Jack, you have single-handedly restored my faith in customer service here in Vegas! Thanks.
4	This place has been here for years and for some strange reason I've never been, until now.First off, I play guitar so the guitar and amps section is where I spent my time. My first impression of the wall o axes was a wow, very impressive! From your basic beginner beater guitar to high end collectables are represented. You can play most of them (staff was killer - shout out to Sean, he knows his stuff) and they have no problems plugging you in to the amp of your choice and let you rip your version of Stairway To Heaven.The place is loud, as it should be, it's a music store, duh. It's big, they have everything represented, drums, bass, pro audio, even a live stage and seating area for their open mic stuff and whatever else they host.If you're into anything even the slightest musically related, it's a worthy stop.
4	I really like Sam Ash since it is a one-stop shop for anything musically related. They have a huge selection of instruments, accessories, sheet music, and equipment. They even have a stage in the middle of the store!! They can be a bit expensive, however they literally have anything you will need, so it's worth the extra buck. It's a bummer that there is only one store in the valley, and it's in the ghetto. I wouldn't come here at night, since it can be sketchy.
4	I love music and know a bit about equipment, but generally my opinion is unqualified one on purchases that the BF should or shouldn't do. At least it's better than him talking to himself. Plus you never know, maybe one day I might seriously stop dabbling and get busy and will be using said gear. For now I can handle keeping it simple and working off a Vestax VCI-400. We're rarely out this way, but anytime we're near a music store - we stop. One thing I like about Sam Ash is it generally isn't as busy as Guitar Centers Pro Audio so if we want to ask questions it's possible to get a answer right away. Ask away as I feel they know their stuff and are pretty patient and thorough. Also a guy that was helpful to us from our usual GC now work here so the service has gotten even better in the audio department. One thing that is cool is there are sound rooms you can use here. Also while walking around it is evident that there are classes in some of rooms. We came upon lessons on how to use software like Abelton to make music. There is a stage as well and they advertise open mic nights. I definitely dig that this is a "working" music store.We did not make the purchase this time around (Native Instruments Z2), as the price and time is not right, but good to know they have it here. I would definitely recommend to come here when looking. Remember to do some research as they do pricematch which can sweeten the buy.(Yelp 100 Challenge 24/100)
5	Best music store chain ever I was shocked how clean and nice everything  isAnd nothing was best up it wrecked like guitar center!See a great guy named AJ a great help with guitars and anythingGreat service thanks!!
3	Dylan in Drums told me my gift card I received in the mail last year was not good even though he never even took the time to look  at it.  My husband saw that it said it never expires so I let him use it in the guitar area & We saved 10 dollars !
5	Went searching for guitar stores today and saw a Sam Ash. I've always wanted to see a Sam Ash store. I was not disappointed. This place is killing Guitar Center! A nice selection a guitars and basses. Also amps and effects. I talk to a young cat named Vince. He was very helpful. I found a wonderful Fender bass amp. I'm seriously considering buying it. I wish we had a Sam Ash near Fresno. Cz Guitar Center jst sucks.
5	Last minute rush purchases are not my favorite on most days. Mother's Day is no exception for this. My husband has a show starting (on the Las Vegas strip!) this week and there was no choice but to shop for some sturdy guitar stands for the whole band. We arrived to a non-crowded (yay!) store and had several employees to choose from. At exactly the moment I wanted help, Justin Secrist appeared at our side. He was courteous and knowledgeable and in no time at all we had more than we could really spend racking up!  No problem, he price matched our items and again. in what seemed like no time at all we had located and purchased EXACTLY what we needed at the best possible price! We are very pleased with our experience and from now on this is our one stop music shop!  We shall keep Justin on speed dial!
1	I had a good impression of Sam Ash...until I went in July 3rd 2014 to purchase a guitar...and had to deal with a sales clerk named Abraham.   I had called beforehand and and he told me that he would be able to give me a discount on a guitar for $150.  I went in and was in the process of purchasing the guitar only to find out that the discount was $100.  He adamantly denied promising the former discount and claimed that I had heard him wrong.  To add insult to injury for this modified bait-and-switch tactic, after I said I was not going to buy it, he dismissed me with wave of his hand and a curt goodbye.  From prior reviews, it seems that other clerks are quite good.  But my advice is to avoid Abraham.
5	The guys in the guitar section have the best service ive experienced. Abraham and Vince are very helpful and both have gone over and above for me.  The guys are friendly, knowledgeable,  and will go the extra mile.   A previous review said to avoid Abraham but I bought a guitar from him on July 3rd as well and was more than happy with his service and great attitude.
1	as with all large music chains they are paid low and the merchandise is in poor shape you get what you pay for?
4	Samson MixPad MXP 124 FX has good preamps, solid build and connects to your DAW for easy connectivity. Long 6mm faders.
5	Very friendly staff, they really go above and beyond. They are always make me feel welcome. My favorite place to buy music books and instruments in las Vegas.
4	I am like a kid I'm a candy store here, especially when it comes to the DJ stuff. I stopped in recently because the "mini me" needed a cable for his set-up. I was able to find what I needed quickly, which left plenty of time for browsing. The location is not in the best of neighborhoods, but you couldn't tell by the inside. Lots of "hands on" looking, which is kind of cool. Grab a guitar and join in! I have made the trip across the Vegas Valley many times and will do so again when the need for gear or accessories arises. Rock on!
5	Very helpful, reasonable pricing, and don't push anything on you. I came to this store looking to just play a Gibson SG to be honest and I was a little timid of asking hey I just want to jam and not purchase, but as soon as I approached the front desk for the Gibson's guitars he asked me "hey how's it going? You want a guitar to jam on? You can pick any you like!" I was like wow! He read my mind! I then had him give me a Gibson SG Special and I started rocking out as he approached me with another guitar, a Gibson SG Standard and told me "hey I noticed you playing and can hear what your playing and I think this guitar will suit you better for your type of playing style, give it a try and tell me if you like it" well needless to say he was right!!! What a great sound the SG Standard produces for a Bluesy Rock and Roll player like me. I couldn't have been more happy with my experience. After I thanked him for his time and generosity and told him I would purchase the guitar if I had the money but when I do have the money I will definitely return there to purchase it, great staff, great help.
