2	This was my second Which Wich experience.  Fortunately or unfortunately for this place, I had a fantastic first experience at the one on Woodlawn.  This location was just ok.  Which Wich as a whole is immediately confusing, but the way that this location is set up doesn't allow any staff member to quickly come to your assistance.  The bags/menu are far away from the cash register and employees, so if you do have a question you have to leave one area and walk to the other.  The employees here we're not terribly friendly either.  Maybe they're stressed because they just opened?  Maybe I've been spoiled by my great first experience elsewhere.  Other than the tense ambiance and unhelpful set up, this trip was fine.  My sandwich was great, ingredients were fresh.  Oh!  But the house chips are nothing special.  I thought they were going to be homemade chips, because they are in a brown paper bag and say "house chips" on them. Nope.  Just basic ripples with some kind of seasoning on them.  Total disappointment.  I live closer to this location but will be driving to Woodlawn next time I'm craving a grinder.
5	This is a new location (about a month old) However, the service and employees have gotten a lot better since their opening week and are much more up to speed. My last visit I had no criticism on their operations, and the food was good as usual. And past couple times I've been in for lunch during the rush, my sandwich was completed in a few minutes. They also had somebody there paying attention for new customers to help them with order creation process.New customers will find Which Wich confusing at first (the way ordering is done). I've visited enough to find some pretty good sandwich combinations. Right now my favorite creation I've made is a Roast Beef on Wheat, with tomatoes, lettuce, banana peppers, provolone, mayo, honey mustard, salt, pepper, oregano, oil, and vinegar.
5	This is a new location (about a month old) However, the service and employees have gotten a lot better since their opening week and are much more up to speed. My last visit I had no criticism on their operations, and the food was good as usual. And past couple times I've been in for lunch during the rush, my sandwich was completed in a few minutes. They also had somebody there paying attention for new customers to help them with order creation process.New customers will find Which Wich confusing at first (the way ordering is done). I've visited enough to find some pretty good sandwich combinations. Right now my favorite creation I've made is a Roast Beef on Wheat, with tomatoes, lettuce, banana peppers, provolone, mayo, honey mustard, salt, pepper, oregano, oil, and vinegar.
4	I have been to both Ballantyne locations and I prefer this one. The place is always clean and the employees are always attentive. It is also not as crowded with corporate people as the community house location. The bread was toasted to perfection and with just the right amount of ingredients. My only complaint is that I find most of their sandwiches too salty for my taste. Particularly, their meats, but when I'm hungry and short on time, I would rather get a sandwich here than the other sandwich chains.
4	I arrived shortly after 11:30 and there was a great crowd, good sign.  Upon entering the store I was greeted by an employee who explained the sandwich process.  Grab a brown bag, with multiple selections of bags, Turkey, Seafood, Breakfast etc. Upon selecting your "meat" bag, you can choose from one of many pre-menu sandwiches, i.e., philly cheesestake, or create your own. I created my own, Turkey, Bacon, Swiss, Mayo, Lettuce and Tomato, heated on wheat bread.  Wrote my name on the bag and proceeded to the checkout line.  While I waited I continued to see how friendly the staff was and how attentive they were to new customers. My sandwhich was to go, but I immediately dove right in before I even started my car. Delicious.  The bread was toasted to perfection, with a great amount of turkey and bacon.  Although the previous two sandwhich stores in this location didn't make it I have faith Which Wich will.  Great customer service and great food, Keep it up!
2	I like Which Wich. Once I realized that the key to their sandwiches are to get them 'hot' I've never looked back. Imagine my excitement when this location opened up close to home.So why 2 stars?This location has a 'quirk' that I hope, if pointed out, might be fixed. If it's fixed I'd gladly give it more stars. The quirk is that the employees are more interested in their 'conversation' than in pumping out consistent product. Let me explain - the last 3 times I've visited this location resulted in an incorrect order. One time I wrote "extra" next to mayonnaise and I got no mayonnaise. Another time I ordered a roast beef and received a turkey sub. Another time I ordered online to pick up at 5:30 and I arrived at 5:20 only to find my entire order in a bag and ready to go - what? Was their plan to have it sit there for 10 minutes?So what's the deal? The deal is that the staff is having their little party and the orders are only interruptions - they aren't paying attention.It's simply - get the orders right. Then all will be fine.
