1	I went to get an order to go and sat at the bar. After I ordered, the waitress/bartender gave me my receipt and I placed my credit card on top of it. I eventually noticed that this waitress was taking care of everyone else around me but me. My card was on top of the receipt for more than 10 minutes, when finally I couldn't take it anymore. I said "Excuse me, I've been ready to pay [point to my card]" and she responded "Oh I'll be there in 2 seconds." Then she finally took care of my payment and tried to justify my wait by saying "It should be ready in just a few minutes." Lesson learned:Don't go to this crap-service restaurant.
5	I put in an order for pick up. My food was ready on time and my order was correct even with my modifications. This is not a 5 star restaurant, but it was 5 stars for what it is!
5	Applebees is applebees. Lol. Its not a five star place but its cool to go there and have drinks and watch football or basketball. They have that 2 people for $20 deal, so that's always good. My waiter was nice and gave me extra patron for this sweet margarita the bartender made. Food didn't take long and it was pretty good. I was mad they were out of ribblets tho. Lol
4	This Applebee's was very nice, friendly wait staff, not too crowded, and was open until midnight on a Sunday night, just for me of course.It seems that they have done some surgery on their menu, and I like the result.  My favorite meal, blackened chicken pasta, has several options that give you some more choice.
2	Not awful, ordered takeout and it was ready quick.  But they were out of the steak I wanted, I got another steak that wasn't too good.  No greeting upon entering.  Just handed me my food and walked away.  So I quietly walked over to the register, paid silently (no "thank you" from anyone) and left.  I got not even a smile until the greeter smiled and said thanks when I left.  Perk up people.  A thanks would have been nice.  How are you today maybe.  Silverware of any kind would have been good too.
3	I decided to order some to go from this location the other night. The young lady that took my order was very upbeat! She took my order, repeated it back for confirmation and told me it would be ready in 10-15 minutes. I arrived 15 minutes later, my order was ready, I asked for extra condiments which she promptly got out the back and put in my bag. She took my payment and then I was out the door....fast and quick.No complaints!
3	While I was expecting much because this is Applebee's...this one is definitely below average in service, cleanliness, as well as food and drink quality.
5	What an amazing Applebees! From the moment we sat down, everything was fantastic, from the food to the service. Treasure was an awesome server! I highly recommend stopping by, especially if you love frozen mango lemonade ;)
