4	Mickey's is a good place to shoot a couple of racks.  A good sized pool hall located at the corner of Eastern and Warm Springs, they've been around for a while and they know what they're doing.  It's a no-frills place dedicated to serving some people some beverages while they play some pool.  The drinks are inexpensive, the tables are inexpensive, and there's a jukebox to boot.  (I'm not a big fan of the selection, but you might be.  If you're not, just find some stuff to annoy your friends with.  There's a LOT of that.)  If you're done playing and you just want to sit and relax, there's a small lounge area in the elevated bar that's good for just that.
4	Mickey's is probably my favorite place to play pool in Las Vegas.  It's clean, it's has a good amount of tables to be able to play, and they have a great early special.  Mon-Thurs from 8a.m - 4 p.m., it cost only $7 to play for that whole time!  Now I understand that nobody would probably play all 8 hours, but if you're a pool enthusiast, you just have to play 3 hours to get your money's worth.  Yes, that's a long time too, but like I said, "pool enthusiast"  which is like me.
4	Best pool hall in vegas. They take good care of the tables, and the place is clean.Can't ask for much more.
4	A pool hall that rules the pool halls in Vegas. Clean and stacked with plenty of tables, fooseball, and darts. A nice bar unfortunately, beer only. Mickey's is an awesome place
5	Has the opportunity to hang out with an old friend and we decided to meet up at Mickey's.  Great pool hall...!  What I really liked most about it is that its 24/7 like most places in Las Vegas!  Coming from LA, most pool halls shut down at around 1AM~2AM.The tables were in pretty good condition, felt played a bit fast, pockets were tight.  We played on the 9' Diamond tables on the right hand side of the bar.  Got to watch some action on one table over.  One of the players had an awesome vintage TAD custom cue!Has some brews.  The employees were very nice and friendly!  Had a great conversation with one of the older employees about his time in Hawaii rail birding and sweating Hawaiian Brian's action.I would definitely return here next time I'm in Vegas!!!
5	ive been to this Mickey's a ton of times now and for some reason just now jumped on reviewing it!  Out of the pool halls that ive been to here in Vegas, I gotta rank this one at the top.  in other reviews they mentioned you can definitely get in on some action here...  all truth...  I am not a skilled player, but my friends are and they have definitely got into some action here.       all the tables are well kept and the staff is super friendly....   If you are looking for a good time, definitely hit up Mickeys....
4	I would totally have become a raging alcoholic because of this place, if they served liquor. They don't! WTF man? I guess real men drink beer anyways...go next door if you want liquor. Its a NASCAR bar.
4	One aspect I was impressed by was the night I came here, the atmosphere of the pool hall wasn't as smokey compared to other pool halls I've been to. I'm further impressed with how clean everything is here for a pool hall, as well as all the tables & equipment seem to be in perfect condition without any wear & tear to it.Three of us played & it was about $5 a person at the end of our game, so the pricing really isn't bad at all if you're in a group & willing to split all ways. Good beer, good jukebox, the bathroom is kept clean (thank GOD, since pool halls usually have scary bathrooms depending where you go!), & an overall good time. Highly recommend for people looking to shoot some pool in the area, whether you're a pro or not.
5	Hands down the best pool hall I've been to in Vegas.  Mickey's has a variety of table sizes, and all are in good shape (and as long as you avoid league night, there are usually at least a few open).  The staff here are really friendly, knowledgable and, helpful, so feel free to strike up a conversation, especially if you're new to pool.  Mickey's can be a bit pricey if you're there for awhile, but overall it isn't bad considering the quality of the tables.  The only real downside is that this place get really smokey, no matter if you're at the bar or at a table - if you're bothered by smoke, you might want to go somewhere else (good luck finding a smokeless pool hall though).
4	Stopped by this place for the 3rd time this week with some friends.  I was here on a Monday and found this place to be a more serious place for pool.  You're not going to find the fancy neon lights, the place doesn't smell of smoke (even though I smoke), and a bunch of teens acting the fool.  This is my type of pool hall.  My friends say this place gets busy during the weekend nights.  Not to sound boring, but I like a pool hall exactly like this.  A place where you can shoot and no one really bothers you.  A place where you can go by yourself and not get hustled for money. Here are the weekday tournament rules. If you haven't played here before, the place ranks you as high as a pro billiards shark. I totally understand why they do this.  Once you get one tournament in, they will rank you properly. I forget the name of the owner, but he's one of the coolest dudes.  One of the best pool halls I've been to in Las Vegas.By the way, price is pretty damn good.  I'm use to 10 to 11 per hour to play.  This place is only about $5, I think.  My only cons are the video poker machines.  Video poker is one of my leaks.  I don't gamble much, but if I am in a casino, I will drop some coin in a video poker machines. The graphics on these video poker machines must have been created by Atari or Activision. I swear I was playing Space Invaders when I played their machines.
4	This is a pretty chill bar. It can get kinda packed when they're hosting billiards tournaments, but it's usually a tame crowd. $11.50 for a pitcher of Pyramid Hef or Fat Tire, and an all around decent place make for good 24hour drinks.
5	By far, my favorite place to play pool. My friend and I come here every weekend, around 1:00 or 2:00 am. Cool staff, clean place and above all, reasonable prices. We always play 20 games, and end up paying $20 to $35. The only downside, is that it gets very quiet. Nobody plays the jukebox because the songs are overpriced, and it doesn't have that much of selection. But besides that, this place is perfect. By the way, they don't sell cigarettes at this place.....
5	BESTEST PLACE EVER!!! The owner is very good looking!.....(Michelle don't kill me) ;) ;)
4	My friends and I were looking for a place to hang out on a Friday night for some low-key fun and Mickey's Cues & Brews fit the bill perfectly.  For a mere $5 an hour, we got to shoot some (bad) pool, listen to some tunes on the jukebox, and chill out without a lot of people crowding the place.  Actually, Mel C. knows how to play, so I got some pointers from the BP.  With six of us there, we coupled up and took up three tables next to each other.  For a Friday night at 6:30, there was only one other table occupied and the place has lots of tables--it's actually very large.  The lady working there was very friendly and she let us know when our first hour was up so we could keep track of if and when we wanted to continue playing.  We ended up staying for less than two hours, but that was just right and only spent $13.  We'll definitely be back--check it out if you ever want to rack 'em up.PROS:  The prices are cheap!             Not crowded.             The jukebox has Sade, Aaliyah, Lauryn Hill--good tunes for an 80s/90s fan like me.CONS:  Smelling like smoke when you walk out.             The jukebox does not have Bob Marley or the Beatles--wth?  I know, I'm being nit         picky, but you gotta have some Marley!Good times--thanks, Mickey!
5	There was a time when I didn't go over to my friends house to find him - I just came here.He spent a summer or two hiding from the blues of lost romance, and in between we occupied the time shooting pool underneath the hazy lights in this warm hall.  I can't count the memories made.  But they were many.Mickeys charges by the hour per person on the table, so it can get a little pricey at times.  But their rates are fair and their tables decent.  On the right nights, the place at is basically alive with the sound of cracking clay climbing up the walls - so loud even the great tunes popping through the juke box can't kill it.A beautiful place.  Head on by if you're a regular junky, an amateur, or you're just curious what someone means when they say they've spent the night at a real live pool hall.
5	Inexpensive and fun. Where else can you get your teenagers to hang out with you in public? Lol. Our whole family enjoys Mickey's.
2	Steve (the bartender from Hawaii) and the fact that this place is inexpensive are the only perks to Mickeys Ques and Brews  . The equipment is very old, all of the house pool sticks are garbage (extremely warped), some of the pool balls for a few of the tables are discolored. In addition to that, they don't sell spirits... Strictly beer. And most importantly, the owner is a complete jerk off. The term "customer service" is absolutely foreign to him. This spot is mediocre at best.
