5	AWESOME AWESOME AWESOMEBeen to this one multiple times and the one at Palace but the Palace Station one sucks sucks sucksHave to give it 5 stars for exceeding expectations by a ridiculous amount. It's not in the nicest part of town, hell it's also in a casino, but once your inside MOST of that doesn't matter. Once there were a couple trashy women in torn jean shorts and dirty white tees, blech.Of course went on a date-Anyway... food gets 3.5 stars for being above average and prices are surprisingly low for the portions.Service = 5 stars, the waiter we had (and ask for) was excellent. Far better than you would think, i had to leave an exceptional tip he was attentive, genuinely wanted to be there and serve, and somehow convinced us to get dessert which is rare for me to agree with! (He wheeled out a dessert cart, which looked yummy, and we had the canoli? and it was superb!) Once had a female who seemed un-enthused but lets let that one slide.Decor gets a 5, really really set the romantic mood and just being there made me and my girl giddy and cute right off the bat.WORTH IT, GREAT TIME more than once!!!
5	I did not expect what we got from this place! Having lived in Reno and Vegas for almost 13 years, I know that locals casinos can have good places, but it's best to keep expectations low and be pleasantly surprised by the great ones. This is a GREAT ONE!We stopped in for dinner after a movie. We were the last ones in before they closed the kitchen, and for that we were thankful. We were all out grateful that they never once made us feel rushed.We skipped appetizers, as we had had popcorn at the movie. My hubby ordered the fettuccine alfredo, and I had the veal francese. The alfredo sauce was fantastic. There's not much in it but cream and cheese and it's done well. Extremely rich. The lemon sauce on the veal was out of this world. Perfectly balanced lemony but not sour and buttery and herby. The kitchen was out of mashed potatoes, which is the typical side for te dish. The waitress and I discussed it and I got angel hair with more of the lemon sauce. It was just the right substitution, and I will order it that way on purpose in the future!The big winner of the night was the tiramisu. Chef Dianna has something REALLY special there. It was heavenly perfection with just all the right stuff. We will be back for more!
4	Very good food. Nice atmosphere. Very good prices. The only thing i did not like was the time it took for the food to come. But once the food did come it was good. This is the old pasta palace. But redone. It is a little off the strip, but worth it. Good odds gambling and good food are what i look for when i come to vegas. This station casino has both. If you have a car and want good italian food at a good price come here. I am a picky eater and like this alot.
2	If I could say "meh" to Italian food I would say it a thousand times over about the food at Pasta Cucina. And that's just the tip of the iceberg.My mother received a coupon for Pasta Cucina in the mail and we figured it was a good enough deal to get us in. I'm weary of Italian places because I just feel like a lot of them are overpriced and not very good. Hmm, my inklings continue to prove me right. Let's begin with service - lackluster and cold. The BIOTCH waitress who served us was just terrible. And yes, she was indeed a BIOTCH in all rights. She knew we had a coupon and we didn't order her much pushed on us wine. Therefore we were done, for her, by the time we ordered our raspberry iced teas. Everything else about her service to use was electronic and rude.Food - the raspberry iced tea was incredibly too sweet. I felt like I was drinking tea spiked with Hi-C fruit punch. Terrible for a "nice" restaurant to serve such a drink. I ordered the Tuscan Angel Hair Pasta with Chicken (add $2). The plate was being overtaken with angel hair, and all the other ingredients were lost. The dish boasted pine nuts - I think I got a total of five in the whole dish. Instead of lovely combo of flavors, which the dish should have been, it was just a mound of angel hair with some chicken pieces thrown on it. My mother ordered the spaghetti and meatballs, a dish that is wonderfully traditional, and which she loves. The meatballs were large and they were good. The sauce was decent, but alas - my mother asked to have the normal spaghetti replaced with angel hair and guess what? She got regular spaghetti.By this point we were stuffed and had only eaten not even half of our dishes (they're just HUGE). We got to-go bags and received our bill. If I had been paying the waitress would have gotten half the tip my mother left her. I will not return to Pasta Cucina. Overpriced Italian food restaurant strikes again.
3	This is sort of an in between review... as there is no 2 1/2 stars..There were 5 people in our party. Three loves their meals and two hated them. Apparently the chicken parmesan is the bomb. Everyone loved it, and the portion was huge. Seriously it's the thing to get if you are starving or just want to heat up leftovers the next night. The breadsticks were fine, the water was great, the service was great. The waitress was very honest as far as prices go and all. The decor makeover was very impressive, it beautiful in there now and the seating is more comfortable. However the fancier dishes seemed to be a no no.As in they can heat things up here but not... "cook". Artichoke pasta was and I quote " Disgusting like wallpaper". I ordered veal marsala and got chicken ,I didn't make a big deal out of it immediately, but then the sauce was disgusting. Cheap sugery nasty goop. By then I would have held everyone up to have them fix my order as I did have to say something once I noticed the sauce, but I just said forget it. The waitress did offer to fix the problem.   I just ended up eating some of the chicken parm from a kind relatives plate.. The atmosphere is very nice, esp if you were going on a date etc. The service good, the food..russian roulette.
5	The food here is amazing, especially for the price and the atmosphere is nice. The best part about it is the service. We had some of the best service I have ever had while dining at Pasta Cucina. Literally from beginning to end. The hostess was engaging and polite. Our server took the time to ask about us and get to know us, and the food runner was funny and entertaining. There was great energy flowing through all of them. They were a great team and we thoroughly delightful. Thank you so very much! :)
5	We came here for my parents anniversary & birthday dinner.  & Everything was perfect.Out of 5starsService (5):  Our server was very personable, sweet, & wonderful!Food: (4.5)  The food was delicious.  I love their lasagna & their blu-crumble cheese steak ( i dont actually remember the name of the entree i bought, but it was amazing!) & their price are worth the good  Atmosphere (5): It seems like they renovated the place because it seems like you are not inside Boulder station casino, but in a very classy restaurant.  It is very vibrant and lovely.  Tip:  They charge for a cutting fee if you bring a cake.
5	I actually really really liked this place!  =)We were catching a movie in the casino and walking around trying to decide on a place to grab something.  We went in and sat down, our waitress was very nice and actually very knowledgeable about the wines and had some great suggestions.The food was VERY good and was very cheap IMO.  It came fast when we told her we were in a hurry and overall I really just had a very positive experience.
4	Wow...what a pleasant surprise...i tried the Alfredo w/chicken and my better half had the chicken parmesan...both dishes were good but we really enjoyed the warm bread sticks with alfredo dipping sauce. The service was good and the cost was less than what we would have paid if we had ordered the same meal at the Olive Garden or the Claim Jumper. We'll definitely be back.
3	gotta say this place ranks pretty good, the food is good especially the veal Marsala! and the pricing on everything is pretty cheap. the wine list has a couple gems hidden in there as well for a very reasonable price point. the only down fall of this place is the service is sometimes questionable.
4	Surprising to find a good and reasonably priced Italian restaurant in a busy casino. Their Cheese Ravioli was the best I've had.
4	we stayed at boulder station and I felt like eating Italian so we decided to try this place.i thought this place was one of those fast did place because it seemed like very restaurant here looked like it.  but this place you walk into the doors and then the restaurant is inside.we had to wait around 30 minutes.  I really suggest you call and MAKE A RESERVATION.  you get in a lot faster.I think we came about 1.5 hour before the place closed.  when we finally got to our table, there were a lot of free tables open but we still had to wait 30 minutes to get a table.. WTH weird and that kinda annoyed me.  they better have a good reason for making me wait!! I loved the eggplant Parmesan at this other restaurant so I tried and ordered it here.  i didn't know that this was battered and it had spaghetti noodles on it too.  I did not like this dish at all.  there was too much batter that's all I tasted and the spaghetti sauce was whatever's.  I would have rather eaten it as an appetizer instead of being it's own entree with the noodles.I forgot what entree I ordered but it was really good.  it was linguini and it had clams, mussels, and shrimp in it.  it was also in a red sauce that kind of resembled marinara but was more watery.  the sauce flavor was good!! ask for this dish if you go here.I also liked the free breadstick dip. so good!!! the breadsticks were good too.
