4	Got a flyer in the mail so I stopped in to check it out. Only been open for about a week, but they seemed to be running well. I'm more of a "boutique" pizza guy (Federal, il Bosco, Parlor), but Papa Murphy's is a great alternative for very good, quick, easy & affordable pizza nights. Picked up a large, thin crust pie with bacon (of course). They assemble it fresh, while you wait (about 5 minutes). I paid $7 with a coupon. Came with its own baking tray. Pop it in the oven for 12 minutes and you're good to go. Beats the poop out of the delivery chain pizzas -- uber-cheesy and tasty. Probably would have been even better if we owned a pizza stone. Hmmm... Owner seemed like a really good guy. We'll be back.
5	I am so glad they opened close to me. they are so good and nice to have a good hot pizza. all the ingredients are fresh and lots of cheese. I now have a great new place for pizza. and they are so  nice and fast. thank you guys keep it up
5	I have waited so long for Papa Murphy's to open in our neighborhood. I was having 12 people over for the Festival of Light parade and our road gets closed for the parade. So it was perfect to get early and bake at home.I called to find out if they had any specials. They had large cheese pizza and pepperoni pizza for $4. Well, I couldn't beat that price.I walked in, the pizza was ready and I paid. There was plenty of help and everyone was very pleasant and helpful.Baking it at home just seems to give it an extra fresh taste. My favorite is vegetable and most of the men in the family like the cowboy pizza.GREAT PLACE; highly recommend!
4	We have been waiting for a Papa Murphy's to open within driving distance of where we live (The closest one before this location that we were aware of was almost 25 miles away), so I was pleased to find one just recently opened.When I entered the manager (I'm guessing the owner of the franchise) was out and about among the people having conversations with them. Definitely a positive thing to see and shows he cares about making the place a success. When I got up to the register to order I noticed I wasn't offered a punch card or coupons like another customer was, so I had to request a punch card myself. Minor issue though, and understandable, that stuff happens time to time especially when it is busy like the place was getting.Pizza was prepared quickly (got a pepperoni pizza with extra cheese and what appeared to be a new pizza, the bacon bacon bacon.The pepperoni pizza turned out really well, but the bacon bacon bacon had a lot to be desired, not sure if it was made improperly or it is standard, but it was overpowered by the onions on it. Besides the issue with the one pizza and having to ask about the punch card (forgot about asking about the coupons) it was a good experience.
4	So happy there's finally one of these in the north central area of Phoenix. They're a great pizza option if you want to pick something up and eat it later. If you want a hot pizza to eat right away there are better options in the area, but if you're trying to plan a meal ahead of time this is such a great place. I would recommend ordering one of their delite pizzas. The crust cooks perfectly and the delite topping choices are amazing. I absolutely love their chiicken bacon artichoke delite. It is one of my favorites! I feel like their regular crust pizzas cook up a little too doughy ( at least in my oven) so I prefer the delite crust since it bakes up more crispy.
4	My boys love the stuffed crust Chicago pizza. .I love it because it feeds there friends 2..:)
5	My favorite is the cookie dough...really. I'm a desert first eater. But I have had the Herb Chicken Mediterranean deLITE, the chicken Bacon Artichoke deLITE, the veggie and a few custom pizza's there. Its the best and the freshest pizza I have had in a long time. What I love about it is you pick it up and cook it when you are ready so it is always fresh when it hits the table. I love the thin crust since Im cutting down on carbs. The service is excellent, the place very clean and its owned and run but a husband and wife team. I'd much prefer supporting a small local business than a large corporate chain any day. I give them a high 5!
5	Where to start... The food is exceptional! This place has literally transformed my understanding of what good pizza is and how it should taste. To all the lazy naysayers, get off your butt and heat up your oven. After a mouthful of the freshest pizza ever, you will never call for delivery again. The people who work there are so nice, friendly and willing to make your pizza HOWEVER you want it. The owner is so nice and energetic, chatting with customers while working the line with everyone else. I am so happy this place has found it's way into my neighborhood, you have converted my blase friday night pizza habit into something I look forward to all week. If I could give you more than 5 stars I would! Keep up the awesome work!
4	This is our new favorite place for pizza. The prices are great, pizza is good and the staff and owner are super friendly. We are glad is here in the neighborhood.  It is my go to place when I don't want to cook.  Use your coupons and get a punch card.
5	If you have ever had Papa Murphy's then you know what to expect. I really enjoy their pizza and it keeps well for leftovers. The staff was unbelievably friendly and it was very quick. Will definitely use in the future.
5	My favorite pizza! Always get greeted with a smile.   Fresh ingredients, great flavor.
1	I have ordered from Papa Murphy's several times and really like it.  However, this location has crappy customer service and I think a pet rock has more personality than their staff!  I stopped in to get dinner for my family and I knew that my coupon was on my refrigerator at home.  I belong to the text club and have a "punch" card (because I frequent the place so much).  I told the girl I forgot my $2.00 coupon and she said to go on their website, which I did right in front of her, but there was no coupons available.  I used to go to the location in Mesa on Power road and they would just give me the whoppin $2.00 discount, but this place...no way!  Management was right there and offered nothing while the girl at the register just kept repeating my total.  All"s I can say is you better have your coupon and do not expect happy, friendly customer service from this location!  It was enough to make me not wanna go back!
