2	This is the branch inside of Albertson's. I'm only giving it 2 stars for the fact that they are open 7 days a week. Beyond that, this place is exactly as lacking and poorly ran as you'd expect a USPS branch to be. They only have 1 person (let me repeat: ONE person) working at a time, even during the busy holiday season when the line is literally to the back of the store. So when it comes time for their break, they actually have to close down for an hour. If you're in line, no matter how long you've already been waiting, you're out of luck. The guy (Kevin) who has repeatedly waited on me is kind of a jerk. He's super-friendly to some people (regulars, i suppose) but a total ass to others. When I've been in, he's seemed annoyed at my (and various others') presence only speaking when its an absolute must....and even then, quite begrudgingly. When he silently holds a receipt out to you and blankly stares at you, that's your cue to stop "bothering" him and move along. And don't try to thank him or tell him to have a nice day. Even the most basic attempts at civility and friendliness tend to be greeted with smug, stone-faced silence. Beyond that, the way this jerk just carelessly, almost angrily, chucks boxes into the mail bins is really inappropriate and probably to blame for a good deal of damaged packages. Hey, man, you may hate your job, but that's no reason to treat our packages with such callous disregard. It's really uncalled for and inexcusable. So, in short, this is exactly the kind of notoriously crappy service that has made the USPS into a joke and, soon, a thing of the past.
2	Usps is what it is. Kinda slow and a little annoying. This place has really bizarre hours. I feel everytime I come here needing to post something they close early or open late. I think there is only one person that actually works here. Also before they open there seems to be always a line. Is what it is
1	This place is NOT open on Sundays even though they have signs that say they are open and their hours are listed on yelp. In fact, I never know when they are going to be open because on five different occasions I've walked in during regular business hours only to learn "the person who works the postal desk isn't here today." Seriously?
