4	This was a recommendation from the front desk person at the Marriott.  Normally I shy away from recommended restaurants by hotels, but I thought I would check it out given the strength of the recommendation. It doesn't look like much from the road, you need to drive around back and park and then you walk through a well-lit area with some sort of air hearing/cooling device that is installed close to where the seats are. This must be the overflow seating or a special events area. You walk though this area and then down a step into the darkness. It's really dark. A hostess cheerfully greets you and directs you to a candle-lit table with red lights in the ceiling. It takes your eyes a while to adjust to the darkness. It must be the darkest restaurant I've ever been in with the exception of the Buddha Bar in Paris. That's so dark that you have to hold the menu to the candle to see what's available. After a while I got used to the lack of light and had a great waiter walk me through the menu. The food is not really fancy, but it's very tasty. Their emphasis is on steaks and seafood. I had the shrimp scampi with a salad (huge). For dessert try the apple pie with the melted caramel. The server was very professional and engaging. It seems like most folks here know each other, it must be a community icon having been around for 50+ years. All in all a positive experience, definitely a throw-back to the past glories of steakhouses. I left a good sized tip and plan to return to Beef & Bottle for another round the next time I'm in town.
3	Back in the day Ratt was in town.  I like me some Ratt - thanks brother.  So I ask this girl out for a cheap date.  I figured the concert tix would be ten bucks and dinner would be a pizza joint.  She had heard of this Beef and Bottle place.  So we pull in.  Looks like a shack from the street.  Once we got in we realized it must be some good food going down.  Lots of ties and jackets,  us in jeans and tshirts.  We both ordered the porterhouse.  Not the cheapest place in town by any means.  The oysters rockefeller were as good as the steak.  I think dinner set me back 70 bucks or so.  Well worth it.  On to the concert where tix were 30 bucks each.  A very pricey evening in Charlotte.  But a nice one.
3	the plain truth of the matter is that while the place is WAY COOL, and one of the few landmarks from the "Old Charlotte" that're still left standing, its at best an average restaurant foodwise...ATMOSPHERE is a 99/100...FOOD is maybe 70/100good stiff drinks and the salad and lazy susan they give you to make it is neat, but the actual steaks i've had there are nothing special and most of the times, a little "stringy"...if you want a great steak, go up the street to Sullivans....if you want to  drink some good drinks in an old-timey bar, stop here before going to Sullivans
3	Okay, so I love old school steakhouses (maybe it's the wood panelling), so I really wanted to love Beef and Bottle; but I couldn't. The atmosphere is unique from the make your own salad table side to the crackers and cheddar cheese spread. The pricing is very reasonable and the service was great. The downside (and it's kind of a big one) was the actual steak itself. I don't know if it wasn't fresh, a bad cut of meat or if it was heated up in a microwave but regardless it was disappointing. I probably would have only given two stars, but as I mentioned I love old school steakhouse.
5	I've read the reviews below and feel comfortable giving a 4.75-star review to Beef & Bottle.  Here's why:I called Rick on Tuesday night at 5:40PM and requested a table for two at 6:00PM.  No, I didn't NEED a reservation but upon arriving, Rick greeted me with a handshake and a personal greeting, used my name, and sat me at my "reserved table," as if I were a regular.I'm not actually on a first name basis with Rick, and I'm not a regular, though I do go there once every three months or so.  All of this personal attention isn't unique to me, it's just the way Beef & Bottle does business and it is one of the ways that they separate themselves from all other steakhouses in Charlotte.We were greeted instantaneously by our server, whom was quick to suggest a bottle of wine.  Her mid-priced suggestion was appreciated; I quickly lose respect for a restaurant whose staff automatically suggests the most expensive item on the menu.The wine was exactly as promised. The French Onion soup was perfectly hot, and served quickly with just enough cheese... 4 stars.My guest was pleasantly surprised by the salad (each person receives a plate of lettuce, and the table receives trays of fresh vegetables to share).We both ordered NY Strips medium-rare and they were cooked perfectly.  I can say the same for the ribeye and the filets as well.Well seasoned and accompanied with your choice of potato, sweet potato, fries, etc.I've never eaten dessert here, as I'm always far too full, but they do look delicious.The 1950s decor (dimly lit, wood paneling) really does add to the atmosphere.  If you've ever seen Goodfellas, you'll think that it's the perfect place to talk about getting somebody "Whacked." A great place for a date or a business deal or both.  The staff is responsive, warm and welcoming, the drinks are above average, and the steaks are some of the best in town.My guest, a buddy in from New York, noted repeatedly that B&B is exactly the type of place that a single guy needs to become a regular at for the benefit of his dating life.
4	Like everyone else, I enjoyed beef and bottle for the atmosphere, hosts, and awesome food. Do one thing and do it well, especially if that thing is a steak. Whenever I want a steak and my budget can't support an evening at Blue uptown, it's all Beef and Bottle.
4	Great Scott! I traveled back in time and didn't need a Delorean OR 1.21 jiggawatts of electricity! All I needed to do was eat at the Beef and Bottle.  Old school? Based on the wood paneling and framed, yellowed photos of such greats as Neil Diamond, Frank Sinatra and, who is that? Bert Convy?, the Beef and Bottle was settled and collecting dust when Old School was in kindergarten. Sure, it's not exactly SWANK (the piano bar seems more converted trailer/walled in patio than anything), but I'm not exactly a swank cat. I tend to travel the other side of the tracks. (And by "other side," I mean the underneath.) To wit, I thought the strange rear entrance, the presence of barbed wire and, yes, the wood paneling, actually were POSITIVES rather than negatives.The food? Tasty. Not too expensive. Actually the steaks were priced around those of Longhorn and Outback rather than a Ruth Chris. However, the sear and crust on my ribeye were superior to those chain joints, so point goes to B&B. The meat was cooked to spec, medium rare. Sure, the most nouvelle the menu gets is the presence of shrimp, but hey, sometimes the occasion calls for a salad of iceberg lettuce and gloppy ranch dressing. That last sentence sounds insulting, but I assure you aspiring Foodie Douches, it is not. I meant it with great sincerity.In fact, the only thing I found to gripe about was the intensely low lighting made the menu difficult to read though, I'm sure, it makes your date much more attractive. I'll give Beef and Bottle a solid 4 stars. I think I'll be coming back when I return to town.
4	While I was here about a month ago on a business trip, I can agree with many about the old skool flava this place exudes when you walk in. I personally enjoyed the ambience as im a big Rat Pack fan--and I had great company to enjoy it with. While the meal was 'meh' the drinks were cheap, desert was good and the parties seated next to us were a blast to chat with too.  Being from Dallas, we have lots of steak choices so I didn't think much of the steak but it reminded me of The Old Warsaw in Dallas, which is still going strong!
1	I have eaten at B&B maybe four times in thirty years.  Most of what I remember is still pretty much the same.  Let me explain.  It's a very funky old building with very low light level, lots of pictures of 40's - 50's celebs, constant rat pack music (I heard "I Did it My Way" twice during the evening) and what has always looked to be a crowd of dedicated regulars.  I had  a dozen oysters ( total disaster- more later).  Mashed red skin potatoes.  Medium rare fillet Mignon and shrimp scampi, ice cream and coffee.  I'll start with the best.  My steak was perfectly prepared and very tasty.  The shrimp scampi was cooked properly but the spices were a long way from "scampi".  Mostly the shrimp just floated in a very heavy, greasy, butter sauce. The potatoes were acceptable i.e properly cooked. They were bland with no spice and no butter served on the side.  B&B's butter is a hard mysterious, orange, blob that  only vaguely approximates butter.   The salads at B&B have always been a problem for me in that they consist of a plate of Peter Rabbit  lettuce served with a separate plate of radishes , onions, green peppers etc that you can add to the lettuce.  The dressing is touted as being  home made.  My French dressing was so bland that it just seemed like oily tomato flavored ???.  The only ice cream that they had was Cinnamon flavored - very mediocre.  I think they expected you to order this with their Apple pie.  My coffee was good.   Now the oysters.  Twelve oysters ($16) arrived served  OUT OF A BOTTLE on these little BS china Oyster shells on a bed of ice along with - you guessed it- another little tub of very bland sauce.  They were not fresh and were just terrible.  After eating a few I began to worry about the possibility of them making me sick.  When I questioned my waitress about this she said she was sorry but that the Health Dept. did not allow oysters to be served on the half shell.  I asked her if she had ever been to Vinnies up the street and she replied that she didn't think that they served fresh oysters either.  Note after leaving B&B I went by Vinnies and had a great dozen fresh oysters on the half shell.  (Delicious and $10.49).  I must also say that I had to wait for about 4o minutes for my food even though they were far from busy.   I went to B&B remembering some of the quirky aspects of this old fashioned Restaurant.  I was not prepared however for the bad food I received or the cavalier attitude on the part part of the staff when I pointed this out.  I won't be back.
4	Thanks to the great reviews here, I ate dinner at Beef -n- Bottle tonight.  I loved the weird (yep, I describe it as weird) ambiance.  The front dining room was completely full so I was seated in the "atrium."  The atrium reminds me of an old windowed-in porch we used to have in my family's lakehouse when I was a kid - it was very casual and luckily air conditioned.The service was attentive but not overbearing and the food was fantastic.  It wasn't fancy by any stretch of the imagination, but the food was top-notch.I had the Ribeye, medium-rare and a baked sweet potato on the side, served with a generous dallop of cinnamon-sugar butter.  I could feel my arteries hardening - and it was a fantastic meal.This place may not be on the caliber of a Mortons or a Ruth's Chris from a service and ambiance perspective, but wow the food was good.Big thumbs up!
4	Eaten here a couple of times and everytime I feel like I"m walking into something from the Sopranos.  Good steaks, attentive wait staff
3	Truly looks like a strip club from the street. Would never have walked in to the place were it not for Yelp. The experience is a bit schizoid. You enter through the rear parking lot into an atrium and then pass through down a step in to a dark dining area. Our greeter looked approximately 16 and didn't quite fit in the overall club-y vibe they seem to be going for.Similarly schiz-y were the customers who were dressed in date nite dinner-out clothes as well as shorts and t-shirts. I am not sure who the target market is as there were small kids around, which seemed out-of-place, as well as middle-aged couples who were clearly regulars.Food is steakhouse circa 1972. Dishes are straight up what-you-see-is-what-you-get. What they do, they do well but there are absolutely no surprises.  Steak or shrimp, salad, potatoes and some kind of side veggie.Didn't try the desserts as we were stuffed from the meal.Overall service was pleasant and well-modulated.  Not sure if this is a place to take a date as it is solid, but not stellar.
5	I went here one night when I was craving a good steak and I didn't feel like going to Sullivan's.  I had passed it for the last 10 years and never been in and now I'm upset I didn't go sooner.  You walk in and you expect to see Cary Grant or Fran Sinatra sitting at a table in the corner.  It's dim lights and great Rat Pack music from the 40's.  Friendly service and a great old school atmosphere.      We started off with a french onion soup.  Not fancy but very tasty.  The food here is the center point of the dining experience.  No frills just good quality food.  The salads came and I loved it.  They serve you a pate of lettuce with the dressings and veggies on the side so you can put on your salad what you like.  Great concept.  Great Blue cheese dressing.    I had the NY Strip rare and it rocked.  Best steak I have had in Charlotte.  The thing I love is when you order rare here it really is rare.  Not Medium or medium-well like some other place that serve you a steak  on a hot sizzling plate and charge high prices for crap food.  Perfectly cooked here at the Beef and Bottle.  My friend got the Prime Rib medium rare.  It just melted in your mouth.  I also had the backed sweet potato that was awesome.  My friend had the onion rings.  They are the bomb.  Most of the steaks come with an onion ring on top.  Thy bread is toasted and buttered french bread.  So good.    Also there is another review on here that talks about the orange butter that is hard and sticky.  To my surprise it's not butter it's cheddar cheese spread.  It's on all the tables with crackers to nibble on while you wait on your food.  I guess some people need to get out more.  Cheese is not butter.  This place serves real butter if you ask for butter.  All ingredients are high quality.  A hidden gem in Charlotte.  I will be back as often.  This place rocks...
5	Loved this place, I love supporting the local restaurants as apposed to the larger steak chains in the area (cough cough: Sullivan's, Flemings, etc...) This place looks like an old Pennsylvania lodge from the 80's playing rat pack music - kind of cool. Service was excellent!! (oh - and 1/2 price bottles of wine on Thursdays!) Here is what was ordered: cheese spread at table - awesome oysters Rockefeller - perfect salad - average steak fillet medium rare - PERFECT and tasty!! lobster - above average and delightful scallops - local from Virginia and perfect baked potato - loaded and yummy! chocolate dessert - average key lime pie - really great! I would go back for sure!
5	My husband and I went to Beef & Bottle tonight for our anniversary dinner.  It had come recommended to us by co-workers, and we also had a Groupon giving us a discount.  It seemed like as a good a choice as any.Driving into the parking lot the place looked like a dive.  Seriously - the place has NO curb appeal whatsoever.  I was a bit worried.  We walked in the entrance facing South Blvd. and I was afraid I'd fall - it was SO dark inside that it took me a full minute for my eyes to adjust.  However, once they did finally adjust I was charmed by the interior.  Like it was straight out of the 1960s, this place was all wood - on the walls, the seats, the booths.  I love "old man" restaurants, and this one perfectly fit that ambiance bill for me.Food ordered:Frog legs and shrimp scampi for appetizer.We had never had frog legs before and figured we'd go for it.  They taste just like chicken!  And were delicious.  The shrimp was also good - the butter/garlic was great and I was happy that we had bread on the plate so we could dip and enjoy that garlicy butter even after the shrimp was gone.We also got salads with the meal.  As other people have said, the salads are done as "make your own," which was perfect for me.  I'm a minimalist with my salads.  I just want lettuce and dressing.  99% of the time when I get salads at restaurants I have to scrape off all the junk (cheese, carrots, tomatoes, cukes, etc.) and then I get to "enjoy" two bites of lettuce.  Not so at B&B!  I got to enjoy a full plate of lettuce with some of their home made ranch dressing (which was delicious as well).Special sirloin steak with fries/baked potato for entrees.I ordered medium rare and it came perfectly cooked.  My husband ordered medium and it, too, was perfectly good.  The presentation was nothing fancy - just a piece of steak on a plate with a large onion ring.  The potato/fries came in bowls on the side.  This is not nouveau cooking.  But then, it's not supposed to be.  It's a steak place.  And my steak was delicious.  Buttery soft and just red enough in the middle to be close to rare - it was fantastic.Chocolate silk pie for dessert.The slice of pie was huge - but a perfect serving for two people to split.  It had good flavor and was a nice way to finish the meal.From beginning to end I thoroughly enjoyed our meal.  My husband did as well.  The only negatives were the drinks.  They didn't have the kind of liquor I usually drink, so I opted to have only water.  Their water glasses are very small, so I ended up having 10 refills during the meal.  Bigger water glasses would be better for the staff - our poor waitress ran a mile refilling my glass alone!  The other negative was the size of their beers.  It's a half pint if it's lucky.But that's literally the only complaint I had.  This place is my new favorite steak place in Charlotte.  I will be telling everyone I know to check it out at their soonest opportunity!
5	Ok, I must admit I have driven by this place a million times and had decided I was never going there based on the fact there were no windows and it sorta looked like a strip joint from the outside....My husband who has is iphone glued to his hand at all time loves looking up reviews of things before we go someplace and suggested we try this.  I was skeptical.  We pulled in and went in the back which is the main entrance.  It's dark, not very fancy, and there's Sinatra music blaring. We were seated and given a basket of crackers to spread with delicious cheese spread.  Then we were given a lettuce salad and a tray of veggies to sort of "make your own" salad.  I ordered steak tips with mushrooms and peppers and had rice pilaf as my side.  My husband had the sirloin with a sweet potato.  Both were amazingly good!  The steak was cooked perfect and had been basted in garlic butter (no calories!)  For our whole dinner it was only like $17 per person including the salad, oh and they have this amazing garlic toast!  You must have some if you go.I was definitely not psyched about going but the experience and the food will have me coming back again!
5	Perfect. In town for business meetings found this place on Yelp.  It is great. My group loved it. Going back a second time with another group of folks.
5	Love this restaurant! Food is excellent, service is excellent!!The perfect place whether celebrating or just a night out. Had a great girls night out with wine & dinner last week. The filet mignon - medium - never needs steak sauce.Crab cake app was so good - needed no lemon or sauce!Baked potato is real & wrapped in foil like the old days.Salad dressing - homemade - so good I ate it all!!!Guess you can tell how much I REALLY like this place. LOL
3	Like many other reviewers, we had also purchased a Groupon for the Beef and Bottle.  And like many other reviewers, the food was good.HOWEVER, the atmosphere leaves much to be desired.  We had called ahead for reservations at 6:30 on a Friday.  When we arrived and stumbled through the extremely dark interior, we were seated by the serving door.  There were exactly 2 other couples in the entire room so plenty of empty tables.  The location was ATROCIOUS.  The servers going in and out through that door was annoying.  Not to mention, they did not keep their voices down, and their conversation was less than appropriate for the restaurant guests to overhear.  When we asked to be relocated, we were told the tables were all reserved.  For who? invisible guests?The food was tasty, certainly not inexpensive, and the atmosphere and our experience left us wondering what all the buzz was about.  Will think twice before heading back there.
1	Disappointment  pretty much sums up my experience at Beef & Bottle.  I've passed it many times and have grown up knowing about, but have never been.  In October, I purchased a groupon.  My husband and I were saving this groupon for a special night out.  We went to celebrate my upcoming birthday since he will be traveling on the actual day. It was the most disappointing restaurant experience I have had in a very long time. Despite our reservations, we were seated at a rickety table next to the kitchen door. All evening the table shook anytime someone went in or out of the door.  The table was so shaky, we were worried the bottle of wine would fall of the table.  There was also dank mildew odor by our table. The noise level is very high and we found ourselves having to repeat to the server on a few occasions.   It was not a pleasing atmosphere to have a romantic dinner for 2.  The highlight of the evening was they do carry a few local wines,  we choose Childress Vineyard's Pinnacle to compliment our meal.  Although, the wrong bottle was brought the table first.  The salad was a bit sad,  iceberg lettuce, with a separate place with a few old looking cherry tomatoes, onion slices, cucumbers and radishes.  The ranch dressing was great, but the salad as a whole was a wash.  My husband ordered French Onion soup, he said it was good.  But also mentioned it tasted out of a packet, nothing terribly special.We both had steaks, cooked medium rare.  They were good, but certainly not worth the inflated prices.  In the end our meal was about $90 (plus tip) including the bottle of wine,  its was terribly expensive way to discover the Beef and Bottle is a long-standing tradition that should die soon with all of the amazing dining choices in Charlotte.
3	SOLID 3 stars from me on my first and recent visit to Beef and Bottle. Old school, local steakhouse the sets the mood with dark lighting, carpeted floors and rat pack music in the background. We went on 1/2 price wine night, which is the way to go. Ordered the 14oz New York Strip med-rare and it came out perfect. Flavor was good, though I like a little more char on the outside. Came w/one side and the "create your own salad" for $34. Not bad and I appreciate the side included in the price. I ordered the button mushrooms and onion rings on the side, though the steak does come with an onion ring garnish.The cheese & crackers are old school. Good cheese spread with crackers still in the packet. Reminds me of the supper clubs I grew up going to in the upper Midwest. I also add a chance to taste my wife's shrimp cocktail that she ordered as part of her filet combo special that night...just ok on the shrimp. They were small and had that recent defrosted taste to them, which was a downer. Service was friendly and attentive. It's a casual place where you can save some money and get a really good steak for the money.
4	I've waited more than 4 years to hit up Beef & Bottle...and I can't give a reason as to why it took me so long. While the exterior definitely looks a bit shady, the interior and overall experience is old school -supper club - Rat Pack - style fun. Hubs and I serendipitously hit up B&B on a Monday evening...for half price wine night! Yes. The entire wine list, bottles and glasses are half priced on Mondays and Thursdays. And it's most definitely worth noting that the wine list is pretty fab and spans across plenty of taste profiles and price points. Jordan, Cakebread, Mirassou, Cambria, Mondavi, Stags Leap and more. Let's talk about the meal and the overall experience:Salad: 4/5: Comes with a steak (or entree). This is appreciated! The dressings are definitely made in house and I like the make-your-own salad option. Veggies were fresh, too. Filet mignon, 6 oz: 4/5: My filet was cooked as I requested and I enjoyed the nice char on the outside. Mmmm hmmm. Cocktail shrimp: 2/5: I ordered the special of the evening that came with my choice of a shrimp side. Since I was informed the cocktail sauce was nice and spicy, I went with the shrimp. Sad, small, soggy shrimp. They had no "snap" to them at all. The cocktail sauce, however, was pretty snappy and spicy. Baked sweet potato: 4/5: Also came with the order. I love me a baked sweet tater. Cinnamon butter sugar on the side! Onion rings: 5/5: Even though my order only came with one (gratis, natch) I was thiefing onion rings from hubs' plate while he was attacking his strip steak. Ambiance: 3.5/5: I dig the old school decor, but it super, super dim in here. However, it was almost hard to see your dining partner at times. The booths, however, are large and comfortable and there's an addition added on to the back that looks similar to a covered (and I assume air conditioned) patio. Service: 5/5: Kindly greeted and seated and our server, Nicole, was friendly and very efficient. We never went without full water and wine glasses and she made sure we always had everything we needed. I'll definitely head back to Beef & Bottle...it was a good meal and a nice change (price and ambiance) from the other big wig steakhouses in Charlotte.
5	I had to write about this place because after two months I still crave the new York strip I had. I expected nothing going into this place.....I had a groupon so decided to check it out. Very laid back old school place.....not like the stuffy chain steakhouses around town. Anyway the cheddar spread reminded me of my grandma but in a good way. Then came the new York strip I ordered. Wow.......perfect char on the outside perfect medium on the inside. So good I swear it was sprinkled with crack. Ate it all......and still think about it constantly. Buttery delicious and I'm not even a big fan of red meat! Got to check it out!
4	I really like Beef and Bottle! The first time I went was 3 years ago and just went back recently but i wish I had returned sooner! I remember the food being good, but I don't remember the steak being THAT good. I ordered the filet med-rare topped with a blue cheese crumble crust and it was absolutely delicious. The steak melted in my mouth and I devoured every single little bite.Beef and Bottle is a very different place on the side of South Boulevard, past Skaleybark. It is (I believe) the second oldest restaurant in Charlotte and still has that old school charm and feel. The restaurant is dimly lit with white linen table cloths, and low ceilings. It is a very small restaurant and resembles a trailer, if you will. (I know that sounds terrible but it actually adds to the ambiance of the place.) There is nothing fancy about Beef and Bottle. It feels nice but you won't get the same experience as you would at Ruth's Chris. Their menu is simple but their steaks alone are worth it. They also have a decent wine list, but I noticed that most wines are only offered by the bottle. The service was decent but they seemed a little busy when I was there. I've seen a couple reviews complaining of the atmosphere and I think that these people were probably expecting something more than what they got at Beef and Bottle. I suggest that you visit Beef and Bottle knowing that it is over 50 years old and still doing a great job of what they do best: steak. This is a cool first date spot or a place to gather with your friends to celebrate something in a old school, gangster type way.
3	Probably a top 5 steak I've ever had was from here.  The girlfriend and I used a date night oppurtunity last week to dine here and really had no set expectations.  We were blown away by the steaks.  Perfectly seasoned and cooked exactly to our liking (Medium for me).  Outside of that I was left a little underwhelmed.  The salads where brought out as a "build your own" presentation.  Meaning, here's your lettuce, now here is the onions, beets, etc. to put on it.  The girlfriend loved this approach, me on the other hand don't like to work when I'm paying a certain amount.  The side dishes were preseneted in cheap cafeteria style dishes which was another turnoff.  The steak came out directly on a skillet pan which is the old school way to do it and I actually liked that.  I really wish I could get more excited about this place but unfortunately I just can't.A couple shining stars for me regarding this place is the desert (Carrot Cake).  It was simply perfect.  Great moisture and big enough for two.  The other thing is I do actually like that fact that I don't have to dress up to get a high dollar steak, unlike Capitol Grille, Palm, etc.
5	This place is great.  It is SUPER dark as most of the reviews mentioned but that does not bother me.  I had a fillet that was cooked perfectly.  I also like that the steak came with a side and a salad.  Christopher was our server and he was really great.  Friendly, funny and comfortable.  If I am ever in Charlotte again, I will definitely be eating here!
5	This is my FAVORITE steakhouse in Charlotte!  Yes, it looks like a dump from the outside.  Inside it is dark and romantic with old photos on the walls and cozy booths.I always get the 6oz filet medium rare.  It is salty perfection, tender and never fatty.  The sides are solid with lots to choose from - the boyfriend made me go to Texas Roadhouse recently and they put BACON in the green beens (which were from a CAN!!!) and i am still having horrific flashbacks.  Beef & Bottle always does it right - super fresh veggies, delicious homeade salad dressings.  The salads are 'make your own' which i LOVE because I can control the portions of the things on my plate and not pick through stuff I dont like.  This is an awesome way to serve salad - everyone should do this!!  We had awesome service and made it out in time to see our musical.  Love you Beef & Bottle!!!  :-D
5	Givin' it up to the Beef & Bottle.  Went with buddies and had Filet, Prime Rib & Shrimp special, and Snapper (cajun-style).  The food was absolutely amazing and the service was amazing.  I love their service staff and the vibe of the place.  Blue cheese was pretty friggin' awesome for the salad.
1	Well, here we go, I am going to state my opinion of Beef and Bottle. Who asked you ?? You ask..Me  and if there is any more people out there like me who have been driving by this well know institution on South Blvd for 8 years now. About 5 months ago there was the "Living Social " for this very restaurant! I was scared but excited to try this place which looks like an industrial construction building but so many people on Face book had raved about  and said buy  the Living Social  for this treat!We arrived with a reservation tonight, a Tuesday, it was packed! The place is exactly as described in the prior reviews...its a time warp its stuck in the 1960's , not a bad place to be --kind of cross between my Dads old Basement office and a run down previously fancy supper club. We did sit for quite a while before anyone approached our table. Our waitress was friendly and took our drink orders and informed us of the specials this evening. We had 5 people in our party. We ordered a varied amount of the specialty items (steaks) off the menu. The salad , which is served plain is accompanied by a nice tray of fresh vegetable and very good homemade salad dressing. It was a long stretch of time though between our drinks and our salad. Next the steaks arrived..My husband had the 6 oz filet...medium rare, My daughter the Ribeye, rare, my daughters fiance had the Sirloin well done and our other friend had the Shrimp Scampi. I ordered the 30.00 New York Strip, encrusted with Horseradish sauce.-----RARE. Well ,my steak was medium at least..if not to the well done side. I cut it in half right away, to stop the cooking process..it was about 15-20 minutes until the waitress came back around to ask how everything was when I informed her of the doneness of my steak. She took it back and said she would have a new for me. Everyone continued to eat at my insistence..although I didnt think that a RARE steak would take too long. Well 25 minutes later my steak came out...I immediately cut into it --starving and salivating! Medium----AGAIN...The owner came up behind me and said..how is your steak I was told it was to well done the first time...He looked down and said...Uh Oh ..this is not RARE..And he picked it up and said it would be replaced and I would not be charged. Another 20 minutes went by..the steak that came back was okay ..medium rare and small and very very grisily I ate about a third of it and it had to spit out four mouthfuls because I could not chew it. The creamed spinach that I got with it was not good..it was cold when I received it and the flavor was not creamy or good. The steak was taken off my check..but for a place named "BEEF AND BOTTLE" I think this was a Faux Pas! I will not be returning and now when I pass this weird little place on South Blvd I will be glad I am not wondering anymore.....
4	Our dinner was delicious and our waiter, Christopher, was the BEST! He made us feel special and took GREAT care of us! We definitely want to go back.
4	I did not expect this place to be so packed on a Monday night as it was! There were even people who drove all the way from Georgia to get to this place! It's pretty dim in here and there's a sudden drop going from the bar to the main dining area in the back. I hate layouts like this, I'm always confused if I should walk to the back where the host/ess is or stand around till they come up to me.Anyways seated and ready for to chow down I had originally come here because I heard they have a killer French onion soup which I was really craving, and since I was already here I figured let's just splurge and go all the way with it.  This would probably be one of the few times a year I eat beef I planned to gorge on it and have a meat hangover the next day. I selected a NY strip encrusted with bleu cheese, and side salad along with the french onion soup of course. The salad came out first while I was working on the complimentary cheddar and crackers, the presentation for this is kind of lacking, and cutting it up into more edible pieces was quite a challenge with only a butter knife to work with, but the ranch more than made up for it. Creamy dreamy goodness and you can tell that it was made with love. Next came the glorious french onion soup, steaming hot and topped with a nice crust of cheesy goodness! The only fault I could find was bread was a bit too soggy and was in the process of dissolving into the soup, but oh god the broth was incredible! Beefy flavorful goodness that leaves you with a warm comforting feeling, this is the epitome the feelings I think soup should stir in you when eaten. The steak brought out shortly afterwards sizzling on a hot skillet amused me a bit. Because that just meant I'd be waiting the 7-10 minutes for a steak of that size to "rest" or risk ending up with a less than satisfactory steak. I think they should have mentioned that because most people would just dig in and that would be a disservice to the excellent quality of steak they offer here. After waiting around and getting stared at by some fellow diners for just sitting around while a steak was in front of me I finally decided to cut in to it and the flavors were right on point. Perfectly developed and seasoned, however I'd say go a bit easier on the butter that you brush onto the steak before serving. I ended up just scraping the bleu cheese off because the steak was done so perfectly that I didn't feel like it needed it.The service throughout all of this was impeccable. Personable, charming, informative, and attentive without being intrusive at all. I'd say one of the best services I've received in a restaurant so far. I don't really like the way the restaurant is set up but I loved the rest of the experience. Return trips shall have to be planned.
3	My boyfriend and I decided to check out B&B Saturday. The place certainly has a lot of old-time rat pack paraphernalia  but lets be honest Sinatra wouldn't be hanging out at this place. It was pretty dumpy *especially the ladies room , but I will admit it had a romantic-esqe basement feel . You can have a steak in jeans and a t-shirt so that's a -ok with me! We did have reservations but had to wait 20 minutes or so anyway but no problem we moseyed on to the bar. They had one local beer but the bartender told us one price then served me the drink and then oops it suddenly was pricier....oh well, anyway she was very nice despite the blunder.We finally sat down and got to the good stuff. Mass amounts of food. I did not care for the packaged crackers. I say skip the darn things no one want to eat saltines at a steak-house restaurant. The cheese dip was one of my bf's favorite parts of the meal. Salad was good - I liked the fresh veggies and my dressing was homemade and yummy. I had the 9oz filet which was mammoth - but was cooked rare to my liking and served with a plethora of button mushrooms and mashed potatoes. I liked my meal but actually felt that the steak could have been seasoned just a tad bit more (which means a lot coming from me the leader of the anti-salt coalition). I had a nice Malbec which was poured sky high to my pleasant surprise!  My boyfriends rib-eye was so-so and he felt he could have made something even better at home. I agreed and thought the filet was the much better choice of the two. Our server was extremely smiley and friendly. It was busy in there so bring your appetite and some patience. Reservations are highly recommended. We were stuffed to the brim , but Charlotte has a lot of steak-houses so I'd explore more of those before I went back again.
2	I hate giving just average reviews, but I think this really was a 2 star experience.  Our server was awful.  She was nice but, sorry, pretty dumb.  The soup of the day was minestrone and she said "Don't even ask me what's in it, cause I have no idea."  Really??  I think she was trying to be funny, but it was odd.  Would you ever say that as a server?  And don't most people know what's in minestrone anyway?  So then we ordered our meals.  I got the sirloin and my husband the ribeye.  The steaks came and were put in front of us.  I was pretty sure they were switched so I asked the server.  She said "No, I know this cause of the fat line right here, that means it's a sirloin."  REALLY?!?!  Anyone who knows anything about steak knows that sirloin is pretty lean and ribeye is very fatty.  I couldn't believe it.  I also thought I tasted some Old Bay on my steak.  No thanks, I like just salt and pepper.  I was very unimpressed with the salad too.  Iceberg doesn't do it for me.  On the good side, the hostess and I'm guessing the manager were very nice.  Unfortunately, I probably won't be back :(
4	Intimate ambiance with loads of old school, steak house charm.  This restaurant is a diamond in the rough on a busy stretch of South Blvd.  Go and enjoy your favorite cut of steak and rest assured that the service will be impeccable.
3	Beef and bottle always has wonderful food. The dim, secret, off- the- beaten -path atmosphere is also very attractive. However, I was underwhelmed by the service tonight. We spent $107 on dinner for two and the waitstaff was (kind) but rushing around all night, distracted and inattentive.  (btw they were.not busy) I.do.expect amazing service when paying a triple digit bill, which seems appropriate.  They did not talk about any of their menu options,brag about the specials or recommend a good wine.  A place like this deserves great service. We are hopeful though and will give it one more try.
5	LOVED Beef and Bottle!  Like others, I have driven past thisplace for years and been told how good it was, but it was a Living Social that finally got me there. WHY DID I WAIT SO LONG????  I have been to all the fancy steak houses in Charlotte...they are great, but for my money, I will come back to Beef and Bottle every time.  I had the filet and lobster tail combo; for $45 I got a salad, a side item, a 6 oz filet that was expertly prepared and a LARGE lobster tail....you just can't get that quantity of food or quality for $45 anywhere else in CLT.  I also loved the atmosphere; so laid back...it was refreshing.  Folks aren't there to been seen (like at Del Friscos); just there for some great steak/seafood.  Also, on Sunday and Thursday night, wine is 1/2 price by the glass or bottle.  I had a glass of excellent Argentinan Malbec for $3.75 and it was the largest pour I have ever received in a restaurant.  My husband and I each had drinks, steak, lobster tail, salad and sides...and the bill totaled $110.  You won't find that anywhere else  Run, don't walk to Beef and Bottle.
4	I have heard about this place for years and the chefs for a very upscale particular (but will not be named) restaurant Uptown personally labled this as the absolute best place in Charlotte to get a steak.Thanks to a Living Social deal, I got to experience this myself.As other reviews have mentioned the exterior does not appear that it has been updated in at least three to six decades. There are no windows outside so the place looks very shady. Or, or just like an old school steak house where the Rat Pack would have dined.Once you walk in you can tell this place is something special. It is pretty dark, seemingly illuminated by only the candles and single light at the booth tables (there are actually more, you won't trip in the dark). The ambience seems like the perfect place for a special anniversary or to conduct underground business deals. At times I wasn't sure if someone was going to propose or the FBI was going to bust in.As for the food, I wish I had a bigger budget because even with the Living Social deal, this place was very expensive for two people. My roommate and I had $40 off and still spent $60 combined on our meals and desert and tip (full amount regardless of deal). If I had more I would have been daring on some starters because they serve frog legs, escargot and baked oysters.However, I loved what I got. I will say it was a gloriously tender ribeye steak served medium to absoulte perfection. I'm pretty handy on grill and have eaten a ton of steaks and I think this is the probably the second best one I have ever had. Truly delicious. I don't know how much more one can say. Seriously top two steaks I've ever eaten (the best was in Knoxville, Tennessee of all places).The wait staff was a little slow to get us started but once they did, they were fully attentive and if our waitress couldn't make it to our table in time, another passing by would top off out water or clear a plate without hesitation.Because we could only use one LIving Social deal at a time, my roommate and I will be back. And I CAN NOT WAIT!(Why a four star and not a five? Price and price alone. I'm typically a penny pincher so it is tough for me to spring that much and give a five star to a place most, including me, can't afford. Still worth every penny if you can.)
4	Old school doesn't quite do this place justice.  How about, old school to the Nth degree?  Yep, that does it.  A group of friends and I met for dinner and drinks this week and of the 4 of us, 3 of us raved and one was kind of meh.  That's what she gets for ordering fish at a place called Beef and Bottle I guess :)I went with a cup of French Onion soup to start and had a combo small filet and fried shrimp for the entree with onion rings for the side.  All entrees come with a salad which is a plate of iceberg and then another plate for the table to share with onions, peppers, cherry tomatos, celery, cucumbers....  The dressings are homemade and I went with the blue cheese which was a mighty fine choice.  The soup was good, not too salty and had a crunchy, melty topping of cheese on top.  I was wishing I had gone with a bowl vs. a cup!  My steak was cooked a perfect medium-rare with a decent char and had good but not great flavor.  Next time I'll opt for a NY Strip I think.  The fried shrimp were also good but not great with a decent taste but they were a little dry.We happened to show up on half-price wine night and it applied to both bottles and glasses which was nice.  They don't have an extensive wine list by any stretch but, it's serviceable.  What we all liked the best was the atmosphere.  Dark, with little candles casting just enough light to read the menu and see your food while still allowing us all to look about 15 years younger.  The service was casual and friendly and fit the place perfectly and the joint was packed almost the entire time we were there and everyone seemed to be enjoying themselves.Not even close to the best steak I've had in Charlotte but, that's not everything in a meal.  No doubt that I will come back.
2	If you like the early 1960s you will love this place if not stay away!  Food was average minus, walls were very dirty, service decent.  Would not recommend this restaurant to anyone.  I was told this restaurant was like Ruth Chris, don't believe it! Stay away.
3	The shrimp scampi was wonderful.  However, the prime rib was way over seasoned.  Too much salt and pepper and I could not eat.  The mgr came out and offered to replace.  It was to late and my friends were just about through eating.  He kindly took it off my bill.  Now that is  the way it should be and I appreciated it.  On the other hand, my friends had the prime rib as well and liked it.  I guess it is just a matter of taste.  Service was excellent and I will go again and try another beef product.
5	This is my favorite place to eat so I took my employees here for a holiday dinner. They loved it!!!!! The attention we got from the staff was amazing! The steak was cooked PERFECTLY!! The appetizer platter that the owner (Rick) made for us was out of this world....a special selection of shrimp cocktail, scampi, fried oysters, oysters Rockefeller & frog legs. The overall experience was & always is the BEST!!!!Personally, I like being able to have a good meal in a locally owned establishment. Chains can't compete with the special way that a small business owner can enhance your dining experience.
5	My new favorite place in Charlotte. We stopped in strictly by chance on New Years Eve, and we didn't have reservations so we had to sit in bar area. The French onion soup was the best we've ever had, perfection. The salad and dressing was fantastic and both our steak dishes were excellent. The ambiance was very 60's dinner club, and the wait staff was extremely friendly and fast. This place is not in the most frequented part of the city for fine dining but do yourself a huge favor and try it!  Can't wait to return.
2	Saw a nice write up in the local paper so decided to give it a try. Service was friendly but lacking. Food was cold from appetizer to entree. If you want fine dinning and a quality steak stick with Sullivan's or The Palm.
5	A Charlotte classic. Quality steaks, appetizers, and build your own salads brought to your table. Served in a classic steak house atmosphere.
4	You must go with great company. The food, drink and ambiance is retro-cool, but the cranky service leaves a lot to be desired. A fun stop.
5	If you are driving by, you wouldn't notice this place. The building is old and really looks more like a dump.First impressions can be very misleading though! We went there after receiving a recommendation from a coworker.  With reservations, we were immediately seated. Low lighting, soft music playing. Romantic/upscale, yet rustic feel.You make your own salad at your table. Came with lettuce and toppings to share. I enjoyed that. Our steaks were to die for!Wait staff were very pleasant. Before tip, I think our bill was $120, so not a place we would go to eat everyday. More of a celebratory-dinner location.We thoroughly enjoyed the evening together there.
2	Everything everyone said was true - very old school, crackers and port wine cheese for openers, no windows, like a double-wide with food!  All of this would be charming, cool, retro if the food were GREAT.  It wasn't.  It wasn't terrible, just okay.  I had the kabobs and found the dish plain and without flavor.  Dont know how they cook, but had no charcoal flavor or other seasoning.  Daughter had rib-eye, which was better, wife had filet I think.  None of it was great, which begs the question of why you go here - it ain't for the atmosphere and the prices are not cut rate so ... um ... yeah.
3	While the outside will probably make you question why anyone would eat at Beef & Bottle, I had only heard pretty good things so I decided to try it out. Sadly, I wasn't as amazed as I wanted to be. It is a very cool restaurant, you are definitely transported to a different time, but it would never be my first stop in Charlotte for a really good steak. The food was good, but not great, especially for steakhouse prices. The highlight of the meal was our dessert, it was featured that night and its really all I remember (salted caramel brownie with cinnamon ice cream topped with chocolate sauce - it was aaaamaaazing!) I wish the rest of the meal had stood out as much as the dessert. Worth a try if you decide to try every steakhouse in Charlotte but definitely not if you're expecting the best meal ever.
1	Over rated.Drinks and Food are over price.
4	If I had to describe this restaurant in one word I would say unpretentious.  I'm in town on business and tonight I just wanted a simple meal of a really delicious steak and salad without all the pomp and circumstance that goes along with it at a place like Morton's or Sullivan's.  I had thought of seeking out the more casual Outback or Longhorn, but the food quality there is less than desirable.  Beef & Bottle really fit the bill.  It looks like a dive on the outside, but on the inside it's dark and cozy and a heck of a lot more welcoming than any of the aforementioned chains.  The steak was of very high quality, and I felt it was well worth the price tag for what comes along with your meal.For $34 I got a fresh, crisp salad with a delicious house-made dressing, a tender, juicy filet mignon cooked to a perfect medium-rare topped with melted blue cheese, and a creamy baked potato on the side.  The service was warm and friendly, and the manager made it a point to make the rounds and be sure that everything was up to par.So if you're in the mood for high-quality, simple food executed well without a side of attitude, do yourself a favor and check out Beef & Bottle.
2	We have been to the Beef and Bottle several times in the past and always had a good experience.  The food has always been good and the service as well.  Unfortunately, I recently had a very unsettling phone conversation with the manager as I was trying to set up a reservation.  4 couples bought a Living Social with the hopes of having a nice dinner together.  It says in the fine print of the coupon that you can only use one per table.  I was hoping that we might be granted an exception, especially when I explained that it would be the same for them either way - we would come and sit at 4 separate tables and use 4 vouchers OR they could just let us sit together.  Alas, no exception and a very rude manager as I tried to explain how they were not going to be out any more money.  Oh well . . . . . . One of our favorites just became NOT one of our favorites . . . . . . It's not so much that I didn't get the answer I wanted, it was the way I was treated on the phone - definitely not professional and quite rude.
2	I think the best thing about this place is the service! The staff was exceptional! The food on the other hand was just eh whatever and we had to pay 3x average prices for it. Not my favorite place to eat and I don't think I would go back. It was so dark in there that you could barely see your hand in front of your face. It wasn't romantic... just irritating. Makes you wonder what people are hiding when it is 'that' dark. I think overall the place is hit or miss. The last time we went the food was exceptional. The recent time. Just eh. It's too expensive to try again for a 'hit'.
4	If you have been to Morton's and other pretentious steakhouses, you are in for a treat.  This place is very retro steakhouse, almost corny.  I love it. Steaks are great salads are build you own with ingredients delivered to the table.  The outside looks like a windowless bar but the inside is warm and inviting.  Is that Bogart in the corner with a martini?
1	Heard many good things about this restaurant and saw a Living Social deal so we decided to give it a try. We made a reservation for Saturday at 5:30 for a party of four. Greeted by the staff and had a great waitress. My husband and friend ordered the French Onion soup suggested by the server who said it was great but "takes a while." Those who ordered it enjoyed it.All of us had steaks and they were very good as one would expect with prices of $25-$45 for main dishes.The salads are unique with a "build it yourself" set up. Dressings are made in-house. The side dishes were nothing special. Mashed potatoes were bland, asparagus looked wilted.After dinner, we wanted to see the dessert menu and have coffee. The waitress said, 'I'm sorry but this table is reserved so you'll have to move to the bar if you want dessert." WHAT??!! I have never experienced this before and was shocked. I told the server that it was extremely rude to expect us to move. She went to ask the manager again to make sure and we were told that we still had to move if we wanted dessert. The manager never came over to explain or offer any concession.So, will I go to this restaurant again? Probably not. The steaks were good but not good enough to be told we needed to move before our meal was complete...especially when our bill for four totaled $168.00 with the tip. That was with a $20 Living Social deal and only two glasses of wine.In my opinion, offering a Living Social deal says that you're trying to increase business. Perhaps, if you treat your current customers with the respect they deserve and allow them to finish their meal and savor the experience you would get repeat business and save yourself the cost of additional advertising.As for dessert? We left and went to Amelie's in NoDa and discovered a true gem in Charlotte...so for that, I owe Beef and Bottle gratitude.
1	We joined some friends on Saturday evening (5/4/13) to relax. I had never been, but someone mentioned B&B performed in  the style of the old 'Hereford Barn' restaurant, which was a favorite of mine in years past.The food was so-so, not very creative (except for the salad presentation), I ordered a rib-eye, my wife ordered the filet. Both were cooked well, but there was nothing special about the flavor. Overpriced is the nicest thing I can say.Our server was the exception - she was friendly, attentive and informative. She deserves to be in a better venue.After dinner we inquired about dessert & coffee and we were informed that if we wanted dessert we would have to move to the bar, as our table was reserved for someone else. Our server went to inquire with the manager and came back very apologetic to tell us we had to leave now. This seems to me to be a very rude policy, considering what we were paying for. I attempted to speak to the manager/ host on the way out, but he just shrugged me off.On the way to our car, we passed a man in ripped t-shirt and jeans, stringing lights on the outside. His chewing tobacco plug was not as alarming as his ankle monitor.We won't be returning, and I will be telling this story often.
2	What is so great about this steakhouse?  Yeah it's been around a long time but that's no excuse to overcharge for a steak.  Prices are too high for what you get.  $38 for a fatty12 oz ribeye that came out medium when I ordered medium rare.  Better off going to chain steakhouse.
1	After reading the good and not so good reviews of this restaurant, my husband and I decided to give it a try  We went on a Friday night without reservations. To start off with when we entered your eyes really have to adjust to the very dark dinning room.  There was a couple in front of us with reservations and when we heard the host telling them in not such a friendly manner that they were early we knew this wasn't going to be good...lol.  We were told that the  only seating available was in the bar.  The waitress promptly escorted us to this area that was an enclosed cement floor like patio area.  The table we were offered was this tiny high top that would almost fit two people not very comfortably.  We looked at the rest of the room and there were a BUNCH of table clothed tables empty.  We asked if we could sit at one of those and she just said "No."  We weren't even offered a wait time in which we could have been sat in the dinning room or bar/patio tables. The main dinning room wasn't even full.  My husband and I decided to leave and the hostess showed us a back door out.  Not even a little apologetic.  So we ended up dinning at a wonderful restaurant downtown.  So my rating is not on the food but on how they treat their diners.  We won't even give them a second chance.  Not all the reviews have  been great for their food and the prices are pretty steep for a place that looks horrible on the outside and cold on the inside.  O, there is a $5 coupon on their website.  That will cover cheese and bacon on two baked potatoes.
5	This is STILL my favorite place for a filet mignon. I like to taste the steak not a plate of salt like most steakhouses are known for. Beef & Bottle has this going for them like NO ONE else.I like to enjoy a more relaxed restaurant than the more pretentious places. I know I will get great service, incredible food and no attitude here.A big thank you for allowing my managers & myself extra time at our table (and yes, I compensated the servers for taking up their table). We were having a business meeting over dinner & the servers were great. Locally owned & operated establishments are my favorite to frequent. Try this one....I think you'll like it!!!
4	I pass by here every Monday on my way to bowling.  I always thought it looked old and dingy from the outside, but I finally looked it up once and it touted having some of the best steak in town.  Our anniversary ended up on a Monday where bottles are half off, so we figured we should try it!I enjoyed it much more than I expected it to.  The place is small and dark, but clean and the staff was friendly.  The prices were reasonable for a steak house.  My ribeye was nicely cooked and the two sides that came with my dish were well worth it.  I'm so used to having to pay extra for your sides at a steakhouse, it seemed pretty worth it that they were included with your meal!For entrees, a shared dessert and a bottle of wine, we spent about $80.  Not bad at all!  We'll definitely be back, probably on a Monday to enjoy their wine special :)
5	Great service, delicious food and an overall great experience. It might now look like much from the outside, but this place is a hidden gem. I go there every time I'm back in Charlotte.
2	I hate writing bad reviews, I really do, but this experience definitely is deserving! We planned a surprise 60th  birthday dinner for my mom's and they totally ruined the night. I had to call a couple times and leave a message to make reservations as they are not on Open Table, heard back from a staff member and was informed there were no available seats in the main dinning room for 5 nor at the time we wanted so we make reservations for earlier. When we got there, the restaurant was relatively empty and we were promptly seated in the atrium dinning room. We had to wait about 10 minutes before our server even came to our table (umm okay, whatever maybe she wasn't notified she got a table?) So we order our meals, ate our tasty salads with made in house dressings. After a long while we get our meals. My husband medium rare rib eye was way over cooked. We are ones to send back food but when you go to a steak house and pay $40 for a steak.. you expect for it to be right. So he mentions it to the server, she took it back.  After the rest of us were almost done with our meals, she finally brings back a new rib eye. This one was cooked better but the cut of meat didn't seem like a rib eye. The server even commented on how the beef looked too lean to be a rib eye. The server later comes back and said she asked the cook and they told her it IS actually a rib eye but just from the leaner part of the beef. So basically they gave him a crappy $40 cut of beef.  He eats about a 1/3 of it as it is tough and not very tasty. We are really to go home at this point.... after telling the server before we ordered that we would need 2 separate check she brings only one (okay maybe she forgot?) then 10 minutes later she unapologetically comes back and had charged us for something we didn't get, another 15 minutes pass and she finally brings the correct checks back but we notice she has added in a mandatory 20% tip on tables 5 or more (are you kidding me?!?! this was the worse server I have had in a long time.. and I am not one to give bad tips as I worked as a server for many years in college). It takes about 15 minutes or so to get our checks back... remember the restaurant was not busy! At this point we were REALLY disappointed, we had come here to have a fun, delicious meal and celebrate my mom's birthday but we ended up feeling like we WAY overpaid for bad service and not a good meal. As we were finallllly able to leave we decided to talk to the manager and let him know as this USED to be a "special occasion" restaurant for us.  To our surprise the manager was aware of the steak being wrong and made us feel like we were wrong. He said "it was medium well though right?" Our response, "But we ordered it medium rare...." , and he was aware it was celebratory dinner (not a single happy birthday from the staff). After making us feel like he really didn't care if we were satisfied or not he finally offered to give us a gift card to come back.. we told him no, thanks. We weren't looking to get something for free, just wanted to inform him of our experience as we had been there in the past an had a good dinner.  Needless to say.... we won't be back....
3	We came late on a Monday night for half price bottles.  Was definitely worth it as we tried the steak and the salmon to check out the variety.  We shared the ribeye which was nicely cooked and the salmon was not overdone as well.  I liked the fact that the entrees came with the sides, as opposed to having to order sides for $7-8 more each.  Definitely a good value for a steakhouse.The atmosphere was dimly lit booths with decent service, nothing special, which probably differentiates them with the more expensive steakhouses.I would come back for good steak that won't break the bank for a special occasion with the significant other.
5	I still think this is the best place to get a steak in Charlotte. Bold statement... right?If you haven't been here, there's a good chance you have passed right by it and not even realized what it is. My mom actually asked if it was strip club. It's not fancy. When you walk inside, you feel like you stepped into an episode of the Sopranos. Very old school feel.What to order: Appetizers: you really can't go wrong with any them. Keep in mind though... you have a lot of food coming.Meal: The specials are all really good. However, you absolutely can not go wrong with the filet and shrimp scampi combo. The filet cuts like butter. The shrimp.. perfection. Bonus: dinner comes with a side and salad. At most steakhouses, both are extra. The salad spread comes to your table. You get to make your own. All the dressings are homemade. Feeling naughty? Get the blue cheese. Every calorie is so worth it.Dessert: I don't care how full you are. Get apple pie with cinnamon ice cream.Deal alert: Mondays and Thursdays you can get half off glasses and bottles of wine.Service is top notch. If you want to do a Friday or Saturday, you may want to call ahead to make a reservation. They get pretty busy.
5	The Beef & Bottle restaurant is a landmark in Charlotte. Unfortunately I've been once in the 20+ yrs I have lived in Charlotte. Driving by the restaurant isn't a decor you recognize, but going off of reviews from friends, coworkers, yelp, and other search engines made me realize I have missed out after all those years. The food was incredible for a fine dining restaurant with a set back in time. Black and white photos cover the walls inside the dimly lit atmosphere. The music was a turn off for me and sounded more like a soda shop than a an elegant experience. Service was fantastic. Most importantly is the food. My boyfriend and I ordered the prime rib, mash potatoes, and a salad. Cooked to perfection and leftovers are always a pleasure. I definitely will be back and will pass on the recommendations to friends and family just like reviews were given to me.
5	I just want to say this place deserves 5 stars more than any other place I have ever been!  Sure the place looks super sketch from the outside, the inside is definitely not your average "5 star steakhouse restaurant" feel, and the staff could be a little more on top of it but the food here is without a doubt the best food I've ever had in my life!I've visited Beef & Bottle twice now and both times were incredible.The first time was back in October 2013, when my boyfriend parents were in town.  I had the Filet Mignon (medium) with lobster tail and garlic mashed potatoes.  The Filet literally could be cut with a butter knife, it was so tender and had the best flavor I've ever had from a steak (way better than that of Fleming's, Ruth's Chris, The Capital Grille, etc. you get the point!)  My boyfriend's father had the Prime Rib which he shared with us and it also was to die for, so tender, so juicy, absolute perfection!  The lobster tail, shrimp scampi, crabcake, and cocktail shrimp that I got to taste were all delicious as well!  The Caesar salad that I ordered with my meal was a typically restaurant Caesar salad, but good as well (for those who have read the review that the dressings are "crap"... HUGE LIE... they're amazing!  I got to sample the Ranch & Balsamic Vinaigrette)  The garlic mashed potatoes were yummy as well.My second visit was just last Friday and once again Beef & Bottle did not disappoint!  I had to have the Filet again as it was so amazing the first time around.  This time I got a loaded baked potato as my side which was also incredible!  For my salad, I got the house which features a bowl of lettuce with an assortment of veggies (celery, radishes, cucumbers, peppers, onions) on the side to add if you like and my choice of dressing was 1000 Island.  Another winner!I honestly think I will never experience a better steak for the rest of my life than the Filet Mignon at Beef & Bottle!  I highly recommend this place and don't let the other reviews stop you!
5	Steaks were awesome. Melt in your mouth. Better yet when we asked to sit in the dining room rather than the back room they went out of their way to accommodate us
3	Our first time here.Decor was very cool.You could bring your own wine (cork fee is $15) - very cool.Food was decent - the one thing I would question is menu vs. portion size. I ordered the 12oz Ribeye - ordered it rare. I know the weight is determined prior to cooking, but that steak came out to me at about 6oz.
1	Food quality somewhere between a Texas Roadhouse/Western Sizzlin and an outback.  The service was slow, steaks heavily seasoned, and presentation was poor.  The sides were good, and the atmosphere was nice for something different (hole in the wall) but the food was below average.  Typically in Charlotte you get what you pay for, at Beef & Bottle price is no indication.
5	We loved it!!  I had the ribeye, h. had filet and b. had filet w/bleu cheese topping - awesome.!!!!  We liked that it was not dressy or pretentious, and LOVED the atmosphere.  H. and I plan to go back for a romantic dinner, which is what it inspired in us.  We are not big partiers but were happy with our drinks there, and the timeframe you are given on busy nights- plenty of time to enjoy a great dinner.  Do call for a reservation though on Fri.-Sat., it  was packed!!  :)So don't believe everything you read - we had no problems, and it was fun and Fantastic food-!!!  :)
1	I will start this review with the fact that I have had absolutely nothing to eat here.  This is because we made a reservation for 7:30 and upon arrival were snubbed.  We checked in with the host at 7:25.  At 7:32 an older man and his girlfriend walked in.  She immediately began rudely letting the wait staff know that they had a reservation and was concerned that they were not immediately seated.  At 7:34 she let them know again that they had a 7:30 reservation (same as mine).  The hostess then said, "right this way" and took them to their table.  As a reminder we were there before they were and had a reservation for the same time.  I inquired if there was a booth available since the couple that was just seated before us was put in a booth.  I was told that I had to request it for my reservation.  They then escorted us to a table that was a full 3 inches from the 4 top next to it.  At that point we started to walk out because we were not interested in eating with another party on our date night and were not happy about the way in which we had been treated.  The host intercepted us on the way out and apologized explaining that the person seated before us had been coming there for 40 years.  So, moral of the story, when making a reservation here first request a booth as part of your reservation and second pray that an extremely rude regular does not show up at the same time as the staff will rally around them and do nothing to secure a future regular!
4	My boyfriend and I were escaping the hell known as Charlotte Restaurant Week from a well-known steakhouse chain after being shoved into a tiny table in a ridiculously loud restaurant, and decided to come to B&B for a good steak.  I'd never been, and it lived up to it's charming, old-school reputation.  The wait staff was terrific and friendly, they squeezed us in at 9pm, no questions asked, the petite filet was moist and delicious and perfectly cooked, and the stead fries were crispy and fantastic.  The prices were reasonable, and we had a wonderful (and quiet, and better lit) dinner.  Would recommend to anyone for the quality of their steaks (my boyfriend got the ribeye and said it was terrific).  And THANK YOU for not participating in Charlotte Restaurant week...very few do!
2	I've been to this establishment twice.  The first time we did not have a reservation.  We bellied up to the bar and waited, and waited and waited...eventually a table opened.  I had no complaints that night.  The food was lovely as was the atmosphere.Fast forward to tonight.  We had a 5:30 reservation for a birthday celebration.  At 7:09 we were told that we needed to leave as the table was spoken for.  Now granted we were winding down anyways, but A) this was a terrible business practice and B) yes the table was spoken for, BY US.  They knew we were celebrating a birthday and did bring out a very lovely birthday surprise for the birthday girl.  But for 60 bucks a plate I do not expect to be rushed out the door.So now that we've gotten the service outta the way - onto the food, this is a restaurant after all.  Well, my meal of tenderloin tips was super salty but still pleasant.  The dessert (key lime pie) was really good.  My dining companions had the special - a prime rib/ shrimp combo.  They said the shrimp scampi was really good, but they've had better prime rib.I'm just flummoxed, why would Beef and Bottle risk alienating customers?  I sure as heck won't be back.  Oh and I got sick from my meal - not sure if it was me or them, but after being rushed out the door I'm gonna say it was them!  I will not be back.
1	We really wish we had skipped this one.  We were on a 2 week business trip and had a rule of no repeats.   The outside is sketchy, we should have known better.  We were seated right away, but service was slow.  The create your own salad was good, and had homemade ranch.  It all went down hill after that.  Not sure why I thought I could get good seafood here, but for $24 I do not want rubbery overcooked scallops.  I had the scallop scampi dinner and my friend had the shrimp scampi dinner.  The 3rd party in our group had chicken fettuccine which was rare for her because she had a burger and fries at least 12 times during the trip.  Her pasta looked much better than my scallops which were horrendous.  We were sorry we wasted our per diem here.
4	I was looking for a steakhouse in Charlotte to entertain a colleague from work. Beef & Bottle is a very nice "old school" steak house.Don't let the exterior discourage you. The interior is a step back in time. The service is excellent, the wine list is priced fairly and the steak is great. You won't break your expense account. Each meal includes a salad, side & Texas toast. The oysters are on par with the good ones you'll eat in New Orleans.
5	I had read some of the reviews and usually take with a grain of salt that people are a bit picky/childish at times.  I am glad I ignored the low ratings as we had a wonderful experience.  In fact, it was one of the best evenings I have had in a few years.  The wait staff was attentive to us and did not rush our evening or bother for no reason.  It was a Monday night and not really busy, so would put into context, however the food was wonderful.  A build your own salad from a platter.  I selected the ranch dressing, however the waitress brought out a sample of others, namely the blue cheese which she said was not to be missed.  It was amazing.  We were not sure of wines, was brought a sample of each to try prior to a bottle which was half price that evening.  The food was perfectly prepared and an extra side was provided without charge.  We could not decide between three and only selected two, the cook sent out as not to miss either.  Cream spinach was incredible, usually not a fan.  We wrapped our evening up with a friendly chat and the last glass.  Thanked the staff for a personal and enjoyable evening at our own pace, what a great memory.  It's charm is not just with the caring service but also the building, something doesn't have to be shiny and new to be outstanding.
5	This place was great! We went for our three year anniversary because we had heard so many good things from friends and they were right! We each got filets and it melted in my mouth. I got a Caesar salad with mashed potatoes and both were excellent. I got a great glass of red wine to go with it. We ended our night with key lime pie even though we were stuffed and it was worth it. We will be coming back soon. Great service too! They were all very nice.
5	Skip the chain and come to this place! An amazing local hole in the wall with the most interesting back story! Spectacular service and the food is cooked simple and perfect. The largest oysters I've ever seen, great filets, highly recommend the blue cheese dressing!
5	Immediately you feel like you might have traveled back in time to a private club in Chicago or New York City in the 1950's. As a matter of fact, it's been around since then. Be prepared to enjoy old fashioned table service.  The steaks are amazing.  I love it. The best in Charlotte that I've had.  Everything about this place is absolute superb. Great food, great prices I would have expected to pay double for the service and food. I had to check both divey and classy--it manages to cleverly encompass both. You'll see what I mean.
5	Went here with two co-workers last night. Great restaurant!  Not your typical chain Steakhouse. Atmosphere is really nice with photos of many of the Hollywood stars from back in the day on the walls as you enter. Lighting is nicely dimmed and not bright like many of the chain restaurants. It"s been in business since 1958 and the waitress said the only thing they've changed throughout the years is adding the wines to the menu rather than having them on a separate menu. I ordered the 12oz ribeye (med rare) and it came out perfectly cooked with a deep fried onion on top. Very tender.  It comes with a salad and one side. all of their salad dressings are made by them and the waitress said the Bleu Cheese is always getting the most acclaim. The house salad is basically a plate of iceberg lettuce and they serve a platters of items on a plate for topping the salad - sliced red onions, chopped celery, small red tomatoes, sliced cucumbers and radishes. Great touch so you can select what you like. I ordered the baled potato for my side. My co-workers ordered Red Snapper done Cajun style and a NY Strip Steal. Both said they were very good. They serve a cheddar cheese spread and crackers upon seating which we basically called our appetizer because we liked it so much. They also have a great selection of lobster choices. Steak prices were $27-$37. Highly recommend ghost place. I will be returning and bringing my wife soon!
3	Am I missing something here? I've gone to BnB 3 times and it's never blown me away. Good service, good steaks, but I haven't ever seen the same angle so many others apparently have that this place is a magical diamond in the rough. Last night we got the frog legs, which I was told were much bigger and meatier than most...There was half a bite worth of meat on each. I feel like this place is hurting from word of mouth OVERselling it. It's like when someone tells you they saw the best movie ever and inevitably the overhyping takes away from something just being good. This is an iconic restaurant from the history it's shared with Charlotte and offers good food. Period.
3	Came here on a Monday night, the place was packed and the only available seating was the outside atrium.  The hostess seated us promptly, the waitress could have been a little friendlier you get the vibe that she is trying to push a lot of tables.  In a 5 star dining restaurant or at least if that is what you are going for that is a big no no.  For appetizer we had the crab dip which was on special, it was served with soft toasted bread.  The crab dip was ok a bit to salty!  For entree I ordered the $35 dollar ribeye with blue cheese crumble, which came with a salad and a side.  I was not impressed with how the salad was served which was family style sharing.  The meat was cooked perfectly, although they did forget my horse radish, and for side I had the sauteed mushrooms which were good!   At a restaurant this pricey, I felt they could have done a better job on the sides.  I would eat here again, but would like to see more offering in their combination section of their menu, example frog legs with steak or seafood would be a nice combo!
4	Very good steak. Worth the 30 minute wait without reservations on a Tuesdaynight. Will come again when I'm in Charlotte next.
5	We were surprised! From outside this place looks bad and worn down, but inside is a whole different story. Great service, lots of character, very good steak!
5	My favorite place for steaks in Charlotte. They don't nickel and dime with family style overpriced sides or push bottled water. The filet tips are outstanding! Meals come wit salad and sides. The salad toppings are brought to the table, you pick the toppings. Reasonable prices.
5	I don't know whether to give the fifth star to the ghost or to the steak.The Globe Road Part OneIt wasn't having clouds of dirt kicked into my lungs by children, who if I had been able to get up from the dry-ass baseball diamond in the park and IF I could have caught them bicycle riding hooligans, I should have dragged their small fry tyrannical assets around by one foot in that dirt, just to show how it feels. I had a friend to meet in the park. It's always good to meet people where, if you feel you are on decent footing with a business, you won't be seen. I felt that. All debts were paid, we had some months where we thought it was going to get a bit touchy, but all in all, we were seeing eye to eye and had business to catch up on. I say a friend like, you know a colleague, with whom I have previously done business and we had always gotten along. Pragmatic and easygoing, like most people who have had a drop or two of blood project into the eye from a bit too much fun-loving roughhousing after someone shows up with a lighter load than they should have. The kind of friend with whom when you have to relieve yourselves in a standoff that your girls enter the fray, take the pistolas so you can go, have a few more drams of mescal, and take the slug pushers back to continue the vigil. That kind of friend.Apparently I need to pick my friends better because before getting dirtwashed by the guy, all I remember was his left hand and a pretty flash of gold make fireworks shoot from my  right eye.No it wasn't that.Maybe it was just the time and place. We went to Beef and Bottle after my head cleared a little and I was able to tell my associates what I'd remembered. There's two things, no three things about Charlotte, NC. 1. You can find a strip club on most any corner2. You can barely find a place to drink3. The service in this city is hands-down amazing across the boardWe weren't looking for this place. I'll tell you that up front. We had found a Mexican joint right on the corner, but since the road to turn from the opposite side of the road is pretty odd and we had to take a hard right to u-turn it. No sooner had we laid eyes on the Beef and Bottle building, we were immediately in lovejoy. This roadhouse shack that looked perfect for listening to Aerosmith and kicking anyone's ass that was stupid enough to look at me and my bruised eyehole in anything but the most obsequious manner.Our black and chromed snub-nosed machine bumped up the curb and smoothed into the back lot, where I was shocked to see no Dixie flag waving from any tricked out pickemup truck. Here we were in the south for sh**s sake and at a roadhouse at that, and nary a car to tell me who my future bar fighters would be. My associates, very used to standing behind me by a number of feet, as my haymaker is as wide as it is deadly, begged me under their breaths to not start anything, to which I gave my most polite sound I could muster and walked in the door.We all just stopped short as we adjusted to the low pink light. I wasn't alone when I thought that the place looked a steakhouse stuck in some type of watermelon jolly rancher colored fly trap.The left eye adjusted a short amount of time before the other, which gave the room strange checkerboard appearance. Equalized, the checkerboard began to come into focus as Hollywood and Rat Pack type portraits and autographs dating to the  black and white portraits hung from the walls.This change of expectation was almost as sparkly as my brass knuckle sandwich earlier that day. But the smell of Grilled steak and butter soothed my troubled soul like my baby's gentle red lips funneling her warm breath on my neck and onto the back of my ear. A Steak House!Not just any steak house though. As we drifted in, the ambiance surrounded us. The tuxedo music and the dark wood walls and the pink lighting made everything as 1950's as it was any time. We could have been anywhere, plucked out of orbit, placed on an asteroid, hurtling toward and away from the sun, we could have been in SiriSiri BomBon, we could have been anywhere and this place would have made us feel completely flawlessly anywhere. In the dining room were quite tables of couples polishing off quantities of meat barely squaring a glare at us as would normally happen when a couple suits and a burly do-ragged leather wearing mother f@@ers walk in to most any respectable box. It literally was the rose light that made everything seem no less intense, yet non-threatening.The waitresses there were all career women, even the cute petite blond who circled around us a few times over our stay. It was getting on in the evening, so none of us were really in the mood to share many improbable pleasantries. In fact the table behind us was filled with polished silver and glass to set the longish table w I ordered the fillet. Tho others ordered other meat cuts and to keep it all sanguine, we also had a house red brought to the table.
2	Celebrated my mother-in-law 70th birthday dinner, the food was ok...some of the vegetables were cold, lobster tail was a bit salty; however the servers were nice.
1	2 people paid over $100 for horrible service and nasty food...now I feel even more sick to my stomach :(
5	We had eaten here a couple years ago and kind of forgot about it. My fiance's old school dad was in town and we thought we'd take him here and we're so glad we did! Don't expect your typical stuffy steakhouse. This place is straight out of Goodfellas. The walls are decorated with 50s movie stars, there are no windows and the place has most likely not been updated since it opened in 1958. But don't let the exterior fool you, this is one of the best steakhouses in Charlotte. We started with the oysters and they are huge!! Served with their homemade cocktail sauce that serves quite a kick. The salad is pretty basic and family style. But the entrees... Holy wow. Best steak I've ever eaten. Ask for yours black and bleu! The creamed spinach was one of the best things I've ever tasted and the baked sweet potato should be served as a dessert! Our server, Lesley, was very friendly and knowledgeable about the menu. My fiance's dad even said he doesn't want to go back to Del Frisco's or Sullivan's and only wants to go back here for steak. Needless to say we'll be back!
5	This place is an old school steakhouse. Absolutely delicious!! Hidden gem. This type of place is a dying breed. If I lived here it would be a regular spot. Ask for Chip!
3	Been going here for years! Food was Great, as always, however, our service was under par last night! Had to go ask for drink refills three times and our apps came out cold. It was half price wine, but my glass of house wine was still $6! Great place to work if you are a bad server, $80 gratuity added to our check!  Hope her assistant (Lisa's husband) got half. Next time we will ask for Lisa for sure! Food 4+ stars, service 1+, therefore 3+
5	This place was very cool. Restaurant has been in the same location since 1958 & from the outside it shows. Small seating area on the inside. There is an area of seating in the covered porch, but I would recommend making reservations. We went on a Wednesday night and it was packed. Man, they can cook a steak. The NY Strip cooked medium was perfect. Seeing the cheddar cheese ball & wrapped crackers on the table as we sat down was definitely interesting. Not your typical steakhouse.
5	I always wanted to try this place and finally did so earlier this week.  As others have said, it is very old school.  The food, service and ambience were all great.  You can go to a big name steakhouse and pay A LOT more.  Save your money and go to Beef and Bottle.  You will not be disappointed.And make sure you get the blue cheese dressing for your salad.  It is homemade and out of this world.
4	Food is great! The only problem I have with this place is the bathroom situation. They have one VERY small men's and women's bathroom in the middle of the dining floor with an outside shared sink. For a restaurant that serves fine rich buttery foods this is a mistake. If you have to go everyone will know you blew it up. Very embarrassing.
4	Lobster roll was simply amazing. Best lobster roll we've ever had outside of Maine. Substantial amount of lobster, not too much mayo or sauce. Fries were excellent too, bun was toasted just right. Obviously expensive given that you are ordering lobster in Soho.Only issue was the somewhat indifferent service from one of the bar staff who felt he might be doing us a favor by deigning to take our order.
3	OH How I wanted to give B&B a better rating! Let me start off by saying that I AM a Big Fan of this restaurant! I've been here several times and each time has been really good. To me, this is "old school" steakery.....a Chicago or Vegas style steakhouse....dark, classic, limited menu but really good at what they do.HOWEVER, this night, hummmm, they were off in a couple important areas. Let's start with.....THE GOOD: The steaks! I have NEVER had a bad steak here. Seasoned perfectly and cooked exactly to Medium that way I asked. This was the 14oz ribeye. Just succulent flavors. Started off with the French Onion Soup. This was no reinvention of the classic here....great flavor and that yummy Gruyere cheese on top. I would have liked to see mine baked a tad more for that crunchy, slightly burned cheese on the top but that's just me. Their little bread sticks that come pre-buttered are yummy. Crackers and sharp cheddar cheese are more distractions than anything else but they are ok. Finally the Waitstaff. Sherry, who has been my waitress before, is always attentive, friendly and accomodating. Definitely a plus.THE NOT SO GOOD: The Lobster Tail! This was just not fully cooked! It was rubbery, and next to impossible to eat. Had it not been for my Dad being there, I definitely would have said something to the Waitress. Normally I wouldn't sqwak about paying $19 for a GOOD lobster tail (and it was a good size), but this night it was a complete waste of money. The creamed spinach was cold and completely devoid of flavor. Finally, for some reason, this night must have been Rabblerouser night because my GAWD was everyone like yelling at the top of their lungs. I felt like I was in an English soccer pub watching Man U! Not exactly the quiet evening I was hoping for with my hard-of-hearing soft-spoken 85 year old Father!THE SO SO: The fries. Not bad, not great. Average. The Caesar Salad. Not bad. Not great. Average.Final thoughts - I just think Beef and Bottle had an off night. My advise to folks is always to mention items that don't live up to your expectation to the waitstaff or Manager. 9 times out of 10 (at least in this country) they will take care of you. I went with my Dad who unfortunately does NOT have a refined palate as he compares everything to the Golden Corral buffet (UGGGG) and thinks the salad is the best part of the meal. Oh well. Maybe I should have just taken him to Morrisons Cafeteria where he is most comfortable. But hey, my steak was great and I'd like to leave it at that.I will definitely come back and see how they do next time. B&B you've got your "mulligan" from Paul.
3	I've been here twice now. Second time was for a bachelorette party. I appreciate that everything isn't a la carte like other high end steakhouses. Their steaks aren't cheap but they don't match the price. At the end of my first visit I felt like I would have gotten my moneys worth at Outback. I wouldn't have gotten the greatest steak at Outback, but I wouldn't have felt cheated either. Second visit I went with the kabobs. Haven't had those in ages and I felt the price was right. I liked the old school salad presentation. I didn't order the onion rings this time because they were cold on the first visit. The waitress recommended the home fried potatoes. Meal arrives and the beef on the kabobs had no flavor at all. Salt and pepper didn't even help. The home fried potatoes are nothing more than recycled mashed or baked potatoes formed into a giant tater tot type dish. This was equally bland. Could have easily been a great dish with some salt and pepper and some fresh herbs. Only way I'd come back is if someone else is buying. I'd rather spend my money on a great steak at Ruth Chris or Flemings
1	Absolutely terrible food. Ordered fish... it came with 2 pieces. One was extremely thin and overcooked and the other piece which was much larger wasn't cooked at all! The french fries tasted like they were straight out of a bag from the frozen food section and the "wonderful" dessert recommendation of apple pie turned out to be an awful store bought version which they then nuked in the microwave to the point where it was completely glued to the bottom of the plate.The service was fine with the exception of our server bringing a soup spoon to eat the apple pie with that had a huge black stain on in.I think this place maybe was once good back in their day but it is now just a worn out and worn done dump. Def not somewhere that should be considered one of the best steakhouse in Charlotte.
