4	Sports Chalet is the most complete sporting goods and outdoor store I have ever seen. They have a vast selection of sports equipment and exercise gear. Their Mountain Shop has a very good selection of climbing and camping gear. Although the gear section is not as extensive as REI, the prices are slightly better. And they do SCUBA. I took my PADI course through a dive shop before I found out about Sport's Chalet's prices. They are FAR less expensive than any dive shop in the valley when it comes to the PADI open water certification courses and dives. The dive instructor at the Tempe store, Dan, leads the dive classes and is highly competent. (I give the dive program five stars).
3	Overall I like this store and the selection - But, I hate when these big stores list products on their websites without making it obvious they don't always carry them in the stores (bait and switch).I was looking at a bike and some fitness equipment on their website, then popped by to have a look in person, only to find out the models I wanted were "out of stock" and the only comparable items they had were twice the price... After being told they would be available soon, I popped in again several weeks later to find they were still "on the way" - from China I'll bet...Arrrghhh!
4	This review will deal mainly with their bike section...I recently bought a bicycle for someone from here. The bike section guy was knowledgeable and courteous and experienced. I found the bike online and called in to see if they had it - they did and they pulled it aside and held it in the back for me. When I got there, it was parked behind the employee only doors looking like it was on display just for me. It was a totally perfect experience.I have had many arguments with bike enthusiasts and hipster snobs about buying bikes at Target - I always maintained that if it gets you from A to B, then a Target bike was just fine for some people. I said you didn't need to go to some fancy bike shop and pay through the nose to get a bike. Well, now I have to retract my previous statements a bit I suppose. Watching this bike expert prop this bike up and secure it in the air at his workstation so he could fine tune the gears and double-check every nut and bolt, the tension of the brakes, the balance of the wheels and every spoke - it was eye-opening. This guy was thorough. I started talking to him about Target bikes and he said that it turns his stomach every time he sees someone walking up to the checkout counter with a bike in their cart. Later that week, I went to Target and saw a couple with their kids - the mom was pushing a cart with a kid's bike in it and the other kid was pushing his new Christmas bike up to the counter right past the bath towels section.It's not like I wasn't aware there was an art to putting together a bicycle... My sister used to be into fancy bikes and I would go with her to the bike shop all the time to watch them in action as a kid. I've known that there's a difference between a real bike and a toy, but it's a pretty big difference. Now, I still think you can pick up a crappy Target bike and it'll basically work just fine - especially if you aren't really going to use it much. I mean if you're only going to ride your bike once or twice a year, who gives a shit? However, now that I see the work that goes into a bike over at Sports Chalet - when it costs only about 50 bucks more, it's well worth it. I won't ever buy a bike from Target.So basically, I'm eating my stupid words. Target bikes suck. If you don't want to spend a lot of money on a bike, but you still want something nice that was put together by someone who knows what the hell they are doing - spend a few extra bucks and get something from Sports Chalet. I still say leave the fancy bike-shop bikes to the serious enthusiasts though.As for the rest of this store... it has pretty much everything you could want sports-related. I can't really say they have the best prices ever, but it's a nice clean store with a decent selection and knowledgeable staff. Their checkout system is a little stupid, but it's no biggie.
2	I like the products offered at Sports Chalet and have shopped here since they opened this location a couple of years ago. The service on the other hand leaves much to be desired. I know there is a recession and retailers are still operating at times with short staffs, but maybe if you had some workers, you would sell a product or two. I stopped by Sports Chalet today at lunch and made 8 to 9 laps around the store looking for a couple of products. No workers approached me to ask if I needed help or wanted to see anything - in fact no workers in site except for the two ladies at the front counter. A couple of loops through the shoe department and I found what could have been what I was looking for, but on further inspection, it wasn't. Finally someone approached and asked if I was finding everything or had questions. I was looking for the pouch that can hold the Nike Plus chip on a shoelace for non-Nike shoes. What I had in my hand was a mini wallet that would hold your key and maybe an ID. I asked the worker if that was the product I was looking for - clearly not knowing what he was selling he said yes, that's what I needed. I never did find the other things I was looking for or the correct product. I put it down and found what I needed at RoadRunner.Sports Chalet isn't bad if you know what you are looking for and can find it yourself - but don't expect help from the sales staff. Any knowledgeable help anyway.
1	If you know exactly what you want and don't need to speak to anybody then MAYBE go here. I have been in twice and on both occasions left an armful of goods behind that I had selected because of my inability to get anybody to help me with other articles. The staff seem to go out of their way to avoid you. The place is totally understaffed. You have to beg for help and then get a nasty look for interrupting a conversation with another staff member. If you need help with Bike accessories - FORGET IT. They have a so called bike specialist who both times was not in and nobody else in the store knows a thing. The line I was given is that they are trying to find staff. Are you kidding me, in this recession you can't find good people!! The best was when asked upon leaving the last time if I found everything I was looking for and saying, "No there was nobody to help me", the answer I got was "Okay". They don't give a darn about customer service and don't deserve your business.  The worst part is that seems to be a common theme if you look at the reviews for other stores. BTW both times I was one of only 2-3 customers in the store.
4	Nice , big, clean, and lots to chose from. This place has a very nice SCUBA section, and that is hard to find in  the desert. I purchased a gift card for a friend and that is why I showed up. Lots of good stuff and a wonderful staff. I live by Dicks so that is where I usually go, but if in the neighborhood I would hit them up.
2	I am writing this based on their running gear since this is why I usually shop here. I keep trying and I'm constantly disappointed. I rarely find what I'm looking for. I think they have more "work-out" clothes and not real "running" clothes such as compression gear and multiple styles to suit every runner. If I'm looking for capris they only have shorts. If I'm looking for running skirts-forget it they don't carry them. I have also been disappointed in their selection of running sports bras and they tend to run out of sizes fast as well. If you are looking for running gear, save yourself the trip. I thought the prices would be better here being a big chain, but then I found what I was looking for at a real running store for less money.
4	They have a great selection of scuba gear as well as a dive pool, which is very unique and pretty cool. They have a wide selection of products and everything is in good order. In my original post I stated that the staff wasn't very attentive. At the request of the District Manager I've been back several times and they've really stepped up their game. The last few times I've been I'm greeted at the door and in each department someone asks if I need any help. Sports Chalet offers all the same items that both Sport's Authority and Dick's does, but the fact that they also carry your more obscure sporting items really sets them apart from their competition. Thank you to their District Manager for encouraging the recent changes in the store, it really makes for a pleasant shopping experience.
5	Since I grew up in WA I had never even heard of Sport Chalet until moving to AZ in 2011. After my first time visiting one I was hooked based on the cleanliness and service of the store alone. I had always shopped at Dick's Sporting Goods, Sports Authority, or Walmart but not now.The store is always immaculate with its organization and layout and the experts are always extremely knowledgeable about the products. Not to mention they price match everyone! Two thumbs up!
4	It's a sports store, like many others. I wouldn't suggest driving miles out of your way to get here, but if you're in the area, they're a better place to shop than any big 5 or sports authority; although, I feel that comparing them to a big 5 is a real injustice to Sport Chalet's everywhere. Maybe we can just strike that comparison from the record - please.I've been through here for bikes and bike accessories, work out clothes and equipment, athletic shoes, and warm hiking socks. They carry sports equipment for football, basketball, bicycling, baseball, and a couple others, no ice hockey equipment though, which isn't a big deal for most people out there; just me - and every other hockey player in town.The prices here are neither better nor worse than any other retailer, but they do have a decent selection of the goods they carry. I've had a bike tuned up here on a couple of occasions and never had any trouble or regrets. Overall if you're looking for something they keep in stock, they're not a bad place to check out.Happy Yelping Phoenix, see you on the bike paths!
