1	I wish Yelp allowed negative stars, stinkweeds or something to show utter disapproval of the infamous "Dr. Kaye" and his fraudulent operation. Kaye has two offices and lives off MediCare payments. By having two offices he can bounce victims, um, patients from one to the other and get them in twice as often, billing Medicare more frequently than they actually allow. Our adventure with this "doctor" began with an ER visit in 2010 when my father had a urinary blood clot. They dealt with that at the hospital but recommended he follow up with Dr. Kaye, who was certainly not present at the hospital that night. An appointment was made and kept. The so-called "doctor" spends very little time with patients and talks into his tape recorder the whole time. The first appointment was to tell my father how to go home and remove the ER-fitted catheter himself. No examination occurred but the "doctor" made sure to schedule another appointment at his other office. I took papa to that appointment and was present in the exam room. Kaye came in, talked into his tape recorder and spent two minutes, forty-seven seconds with us. The whole time he talked about more appointments and a "procedure" they just had to do to stick a camera up papa's urethra to look around. Then he walked out. Two and a half minutes and it was all about more appointments. Papa had enough of the guy and went back to his GP who blanched at the idea of an invasive procedure which would cause irritation and mask any problems that actually existed. He made disparaging remarks about Kaye and ordered a partial MRI which turned up no problems. We thought we had seen the last of the infamous Dr. Kaye. Flash forward to September, 2013, more than three years later. A bill arrived showing that on that 2:47 appointment in 2010, a "bladder scan" was performed and that papa owed a co-pay of SEVENTY THREE CENTS. CENTS! Not only was this never performed, but Medicare had been billed and paid all but the 73 cents and that's the only way we found out about the billing for a service that was never performed. At the bottom of the bill was the following. The all-caps are theirs: "CALL OUR OFFICE TO AVOID FURTHER COLLECTION ACTIVITY!! ALL ACCOUNT BALANCES MUST BE PAID IN FULL BY OCT 15, 2013 OR SENT TO COLL AGENCY. Insurance last billed on May 28, 2010."So not only has Dr. Kaye billed Medicare fraudulently for a procedure which never took place but he's now threatening patients three years after the fact and they spent 46 cents in postage in an effort to collect 73 cents. We're putting together sworn affidavits to go to Medicare over this fraud, but this is the way "doctor" Kaye operates. He's all about appointments, getting signatures on his sign-in sheet and billing. He doesn't give a hoot about patients, doesn't provide any medical care at all and sees people as numbers on a balance sheet. We are going to do our best to take him down in court if necessary.
1	This doctor is never on time. You have 4-5 nurses in the office who do nothing. They never call and say they are running late. Unapologetic. Why do they just assume their time is more valuable than mine. Do not go here. Dr Kaye has poor bedside manner. He literally got annoyed when I asked him a question.
1	I set an appointment for 9:30 am. I show up at 9:15. Fill out their necessary paperwork and see that the place is relatively empty. You would think this would bode well for a quick and easy visit right?  Wrong.  Over TWO HOURS later, I finally get called back for my scheduled 9:30 appointment. I'd be more understanding if the place was packed with patience, however there were three other people there.. Tops. I also don't appreciate being questioned about my weight at a urologist.  If I wanted to discuss my plans on losing weight,  I'd go to my PCP.
