4	Good old fashion barber shop, with all the character you would hope for. Warm shaving cream, straight razors, old guys talking about sports and women, sports on tv and not one single sit down hair dryer. They never try to sell you new hair products, and they dont try to suggest new ways to cover your bald spot. :) My hair is buzzed very short, and I usually do it myself, but every couple of weeks, this is the place I go for a really good shave and haircut. Especially if I want to look good for an occasion. Its a great place to escape from life, if only for a few minutes.
3	This barber shop has been around for a long time.  One of their barbers moved out of town a few months ago, and another is retiring after over 40 years cutting hair.  The barber in the second chair from the door, Pat, is great -- I feel really comfortable recommending him.  At some point in 2009, the barbers got together and decided to stop doing straight razor shaves.  That's a shame; I really enjoyed that service from my old barber shop in North Las Vegas, but I understand why you'd do it from a business perspective.  They take too long to do well so it ends up being less profitable on a time basis.  Times change.  It turns out, you also can't get teeth pulled there.
5	awesome!!!!
4	No complaints about the quality of the haircut, but during my fourth visit, the barber (Bob) cutting my hair started negotiating price about halfway through the haircut.  Their standard price for a haircut is $15, and on my previous visits I've given him a $5 tip.  He said that haircuts "like mine" are extra work (I have thick hair, which requires using thinning shears), and he feels that I should pay $25 (!) for all the "extra work".  In over 40 years, I have *never* had a barber complain about my hair being hard to cut.  If he had said this up front, I would have walked out, but I couldn't really leave in the middle of a haircut.  Needless to say, I will be exploring other options in the future.UPDATE - I complained to the owner (Ernie), and he was very eager to make things right.  He said to come back next time and ask for him, and the haircut would be on the house.  I did, and was quite pleased with the result.  After a number of repeat visits over a period of a couple years (until I moved away), I would not hesitate to recommend this place - just avoid Bob (the old guy in the far back).
4	Ran into my barber, bob on a whim. I had a place in orange county that I liked to get my haircut at, but my trips back are becoming less frequent. Bob really sold me when I first came in because I didn't have cash but he gave me a haircut anyways and trusted me to come back with it after a visit to an ATM. Anybody willing to give out services with that kind of trust must really like their job so I went with it. I am impressed with his attention to detail and his notice of an odd shape on my head. I also like the fact that he cleans up the edges with a straight razor. I wish he did a full shave too but he says the ladies that normally do that were not in when I was there. He also does a hand vibrating massage of the head, neck, and back which seems strange, but it actually felt pretty cool.I like that I found a no-bull barber rather than trust my head to some moron hair "stylist".
4	Getting the man's mane under control.  I don't want a fade, I want my hair tapered he says.  The barber was a lady, which I haven't seen since I was home in Long Beach but I loved that she asked if I approved! Ha.  Good service and easy to find.  Reasonably priced and like any barber shop, there is a lot of talking/boasting.
5	Great quality and service. This place is a good, traditional barber shop. Ernie, the owner, is great and the other barbers are as well. I've been going there for almost 10 years and recommend this place to all of my friends.
1	I had my haircut by 4 barbers in this shop. The female (mindy I believe) is the only one who took her time and gave me a proper haircut . Mike ruined my hair , then I went to Andy who gave me a great haircut once, and then ruined my hair the last time I was there. I almost shaved my head because he cut it so lopsided and gave me no fade what so ever. Ernie gave me an ok haircut. If you are looking to get a fast , inconsistent haircut this is definitely your barber.
5	I tried a new barbershop today. An older man named Andy helped me out today. Great service.I will be back.Thank you Andy.
5	I have been going there for years, Bob normally cuts my hair but thru the years they all have great job, nice people, the best!  I suggest calling for a appointment
