5	This place has everything.  Even the old type double edge razors!  They also have the straight edge ones with disposable blades for $15 and $17.  I paid $79 for the same type of razor in San Francisco at one of those fancy stores that also sells tobacco.  The lady in the store was great too!  Very friendly and helpful. I have to say that she should be a model for shampoo.  I almost asked her for hair dye that would be her color!  Anyway, great little store, if they don't have something, they will get it for you.
5	I always enjoy coming here all of my questions are answered and i am treated with very respectful and knowledgeable friendly staff.. they even welcome my dogs in the store and enjoy having them there.. i am always happy with my purchases and knowing i made the right choices for me.. thank you United Beauty Supplies...
5	OH MY GOD, This place is like hair heaven on earth. Not only is there every sort of hair products but there is nail polish as well as nail instruments and accessories! Not only has this place been amazing but Renee is fabulous. She helped me out down to the color I was looking for and the perfect length and type of extensions for my hair. I truly feel blessed to have come across this place and to have met Renee. I will surely recommend her and this location to all friends and family!
2	I'm solely giving this place 2 stars due to the selection of wigs. Despite positive reviews and accolades for Renee, I found her to be incredibly rude, dismissive and indifferent. I almost walked out. I've been to many wig shops and this is the only one where, upon selecting the wig, the employee hasn't helped me with it. She didn't help me until saw me fiddling with it. Even upon donning it, she offered no help fixing it or styling it. Additionally, she also offered me the mirror about 3.5 feet from the front door, where customers come in/walk out/etc, when there was a vanity in the back seemingly good for use albeit looking more like a storage area than anything; which Renee forewarned was messy. Additionally, she kept pressing me to pick a style, whereas my focus was the color first, then style.  I saw a couple colors I liked in their packaging but she didn't want to even take them out so I could see them.  Instead. she showed me the style of the wig in an undesirable color.  I could not have been more annoyed.  If she needed help (although the store wasn't busy), maybe she could have asked the gentleman behind the counter on his iPhone the entire time to assist her...
1	I am giving this business one star due to the poor customer service. The shop is fine appearance wise, but the lack of compassion and service from the person helping me was just unacceptable.  There was no compassion and advise from the sales clerk.  I felt I was just an annoyance.  I ended up going to Arizona Wig Boutique in Scottsdale, which not only corrected the piece I bought at United (as I was humiliated and just wanted to leave) but the other store made me feel welcome and as though I matter.
5	Renee is so nice she makes shopping for beauty products fun I always leave with everything I need to colar my hair and I also leave with a smile she is so funny she makes everyone in the store feel welcome  I give this store a 5 star because of the good times Ive had .  I love to listen and I learn  about all of the products    Renee know's everything about the products and it realy is entertaining to learn and listen to Renee with other customers even if im not buying that particular product she is just a fun kind person and I like to drop in and shop and say hi.
5	I get all of my beauty products from this store. the manager is nice to me.  she is very knowledgeable and helpful.
1	My friend and I were not only rushed most stores will go ahead and let you finish shopping and maybe say lock the door but we were rushed to be out of there right at 6 o'clock. We were in such a rush that when I got home I was wondering about the price that I paid looked at my receipt and I was charged twice for something then I call my friend and told her about it she looked at her receipt and was also charged twice. I don't know if this is a way to pocket the money or what was going on but it was funny that both of us were charged twice
