4	I love the Olive Garden.  I have been here several times, and only once been disappointed.  Great place to take the family for dinner without having to completely drain your wallet.  The service is usually good, and the selection is varied enough to please everyone you bring with you.  But it can get crowded, so be prepared to wait.  I do not remember if they take reservations, but if they do, make one.
2	Oh the smell of Olive Garden.  Isn't that the most recognizable smell? I swear I think they pipe it into the vents.When I worked at PV mall I felt positively fancy to eat salad and bread sticks for lunch here.  And at $3.95 it was quite the bargain when it wasn't an official lunch menu item.  Now they've made it $5.95 for soup and salad w/ breadsticks which still isn't a bad deal.  But now of course it doesn't taste quite as good as when I thought it was healthy.As for the other food, I was turned off when I had 2 different friends work there who specifically told me not to go there.  Well, not that it was bad or I'd get sick, but that it was to Italian food what Taco Bell was to Mexican food.  When they said that if I could microwave, I could cook at Olive Garden, I decided to trust them.  I'll admit I've been a few times with them when I'm with other folks who really really wanted to go.  The last time I went was maybe 9 months ago and what really struck me were the prices.  I can get fresh ingredients and real cooking for that price - and generally better service.  The best thing I can say about this place is how many jobs it's given my friends over the years because they have such an amazing turn over they will hire just about anyone.  This is a great place to get a job to get server experience.  And once you've learned the art of hospitaliano, you can go get a better job.  Just like everyone else.  But it will still take at least 3 months for the smell of Olive Garden to get out of your clothes and your car.
4	Not a huge fan of this chain but this particular location has a lot going for it! First, the service is always very good- they are extra friendly here. Second, we visit for lunch, and my Wife works at Chase bank nearby, so we are always sort of in a hurry. They are really cool about processing the check during the meal so we don't have to wait for it until we are finished. Clean, friendly, lots of parking, fast, friendly, good stuff!
2	Nothing like writing a review at 11:30 on a Friday night after about 6 beers! Or, wait... does that make me a loser? I'm kind of worried that it might. Anyway, it's too late to get a date, so.. on with the review. Soup - ok. Salad - meh.  $8.95 for both? Overpriced. Watching the carbs, so didn't eat anything that I normally would have. Unfortunately, I checked the nutrition info before we went, so don't know if I ever will again.  It's like pouring some marinara over a salt lick and serving it to me on a plate. Blech. Honestly, this place never held the special plate in my heart that it does for some people I know, even when it was one of two Italian restaurants in the small Illinois town I was raised.  But why are you reading this? You've been there already and have your own opinion.  Just don't read the nutritional info before you go.
1	Ugh! I just can't eat here anymore. I love Olive Garden, possibly more than the average person but on three different occasions in the past 12 months I found hair in my food!!! One time I told a waitress and she said it looked like mine! It was a short brown hair and I have long blondish-brown hair. I don't think so. I am so totally grossed out by this location. I will make the trek to Norterra or Old Town because a girl needs her soup and salad every now and then, just hold the hair please.
2	About once a year, I inevitably eat at the Olive Garden.  It's never good, and I say I'll never go back.  Then somehow, that thought slips my mind, and because of its convenient location (or in this case, having an old gift certificate), I return.Items I would not recommend:- Eggplant Parmesan (oily and you can tell it used to be frozen)- Shrimp Primavera (undercooked shrimp and chewy pasta)Salad's actually pretty tasty, and the middle of the breadsticks good (but ends are hard).Considering that they charge you $14-18 per entree and the place was crowded at 8:30 on a Tuesday night, they must be raking in the dough, which is pretty sad.  Next time you're craving Italian, try a delicious locally owned establishment with some character, like Michelina's - I know I will!
2	Meh. It's Olive Garden, I guess the breadsticks were OK, warm and garlicky. And the service was decent. But the salad was all iceberg lettuce. And the chicken and shrimp carbonara? I didn't really notice much chicken in there at all, and the shrimp were pretty small. I don't know that I would come here on a regular basis.
1	Why do people go to Olive Garden?  Why did i go here today?Simple answer: with force.  I HAD to go where a member of the family chose to go.  I haven't eaten here in about 8 years.  Many reasons which were confirmed tonight.Pasta was mushy. The "famous" salad actually had decent flavor but was drenched in dressing.  Breadsticks were a bit hard and tasted like buttered white bread.  Fish was breaded but okay tasting.  Pizza was not so good. Didn't like the cheese.  To sum up the whole meal: it was like heating up a "t.v. dinner."
4	Had the grilled shrimp pasta and was delicious. Love the fresh salad and bread sticks.
4	I'm much more a fan of the Olive Garden than I used to be! We had a very nice experience here. We came for the "all you eat pasta, salad and breadsticks for $8.95". Service was quite fast and very friendly. I had a glass of wine and hubs a draft beer. All of the plates, glasses and silver seemed newer and more sparkly than prior. The portions are pretty big, so the all you can eat aspect ended up being one helping of each there and a helping to go. They actually put our second pasta right into to go containers with fresh new breadsticks and bagged it right up. I felt kind of like a cheapo getting the second to go, but they offered to just do it that way without us even asking! We accepted and had a great lunch the next day as well!
5	Absolute Best real Italian Food in the valley! They use only old world recipes as taught by the old masters in Italy. My favorite dish is the Toscano Soup. The Veal Parmagian is incredible. Try it You'll like it.
2	I don't get it. I don't understand how Olive Garden always has a long wait for dinner. Their food tastes like cardboard.The only reason I went last weekend is because our very kind neighbor gave us a gift card for Christmas that we haven't used. We should have regifted. Let's start with the breadsticks. Salty and drab. Maybe I just got spoiled with other Italian eateries that give you a loaf of fresh bread and either herb butter or herbed olive oil. These are covered with garlic SALT. My husband had the salad which was decent, but c'mon. Their dressing is so commercialized now. I had the minestrone soup which was, again, decent. Tastes like it's from a can.I had the baked ziti which was flavorless. My husband had a chicken garlic pasta dish which is edible but, again, not great. Service was very good. I feel sorry for the waiter for having to work at Olive Garden. He should take his good food service skills somewhere else.I must share my experience at the OG from a couple years ago. I ordered the manicotti- which they don't have anymore. While eating I dug out a huge piece of plastic. The server got the manager who explained to me that it was a  plastic bag that the food comes in. She was extremely apathetic about the whole situation and I only got comped for my meal. People can save alot of money by skipping a trip to the Olive Garden and buying a Stouffers frozen Italian meal. If you do want to spend money on a good Italian meal check out the ma and pop local Italian places. Roma Garden and Aiello's are a good start. They are the same price for real homemade Italian food.
1	Poor Service.  Long wait.  Party of 6, only 5 were served.  6th person recived there food after everybody else was finished eating.   Never again will I spend my money here or any other Olive Garden.  After all that they still had the balls to give us the bill!  This place rates 0 stars, but since this wont let me Save 0 stars I had give give them 1.  And that is being generous...
1	We always have enjoyed going to Olive Garden in the past and this experience really changed my opinion of Olive Garden all together. We came here for dinner on a Saturday evening and really were looking forward to having a great experience as always. The bread-sticks are tasty, the salads and soups are always a pleasure to try since they seem to always have new ones coming out from time to time. But my issue is with the management and because of that our experience has tarnished Olive Garden in our eyes. Our server comes over and asks us for drinks. I have a glass of wine and my husband has a Italian margarita. We order our app and  a salad and my husband finishes his margarita and our server asks him if  he would like another. He agrees and asks her to order in another shot of tequila because the first margarita was a little light. She says okay and when she comes back with his margarita following right behind her is the Manager and asks him why he wants an additional shot, he explains and the GM then goes on long explanation on why they cant add additional shots in the drink and said moving forward tonight we are not going to be serving you any more alcoholic drinks. I was shocked! Two drinks and you are cut off. Maybe the manager was having a bad day, or maybe they only let you order two drinks. But this coming from a place where they are always pushing their wine and always go as far to leaving you a whole jug of it at your table this came off as a little odd.  My husband is a good sized man and two drinks and cut off I thought was a little too much. Most importantly this was rude and unprofessional.This ruined our evening and it was very difficult for us to take anything positive from this. Since our order was in we waited for our entrees, ate them, paid the bill and left. I can honestly say that we are never coming back to Olive Garden in the future. I went online the next day and filled in the contact us questionnaire so that we could be contacted by someone at corporate and let someone know how not to treat customers that have been so loyal for so many years now but to this day I have yet to be contacted back, not an email or a call. What a disappointment where customer service goes such a long way. Apparently not to Olive Garden!
1	It was my brother-in-law's birthday on 6/15/12 and he was given a gift card at work to Olive Garden. We bought him a Bellini and we advised the waitress of his birthday and asked if they will bring him a cake and she said cakes are $6. His wife agreed to order the cake and the waitress brought out a chocolate chip frozen cake and dropped it in front of him and didn't have the wait staff sing happy birthday or even refill our drinks without being asked to do so. The prices for entrees have gone up in price so high for the amount of food that for two people ordering one appetizer and 2 entrees and one Bellini and iced tea cost over $60!! The price coupled with the poor service on a special occasion make Olive Garden an undesirable choice in the future. My brother in law said he will never eat there again.
1	Service was less than average.  The waitresses nails were realyl really long which I would have to question how clean they were.  My Ice tea was served with a teaspoon in it.  So I was grossed out and decided not to eat.  Just sat there and let my other fruends enjoy there meals.  Yuck!!
4	Our go to OG in Paradise Valley.  We usually hit this place up for lunch once a week and the service is typically friendly and fast.Food is standard Olive Garden fare which I am sure is a matter of taste, I personally enjoyed the Tuscan menu.The mini-deserts are really good!
4	It's Olive Garden: they thrive on consistency, friendly service, and value -- and this location is no exception. Our server was super nice and got the timing of our Toscana soup refills just right. The food was pretty good. I always like Olive Garden for causal dining. And of course, the mints at the end of the meal are yummy. Some servers surprise you with a handful of mints -- not this time but no complaints here since they are probably not "allowed" to dole out more than one per customer.
5	I love Olive Garden in particular this one . I was here not too long ago. Out waitress was Jessica . She was amazing and very friendly ad helpful . I order steak Alfredo and it was delicious . I can't wait to go back !!!!
2	It has been a couple of years since I have eaten at this location. The one North of Phoenix is much better. I adore the Soup, Salad and Bread sticks for lunch but the last couple of times I ate at the Cactus location the bread lacked garlic and was only a salt fest. I stopped eating here when they made people wait to be seated, with the restaurant only half empty at 4:45 PM. I eat out with some older individuals and this restaurant consistently made us wait when most of their seats were empty.  I have tried the spaghetti and lasagna a few times but can make better ones rather easily. Fortunately they have added back the "grilled sausage and peppers rustica dish" as it is much better than most of the other menu items.
4	We ate here Thursday night (2/21) and had a great experience. Our server (wish I could remember her name) was helpful & polite. She gave us wine samples and everything came out quickly.The chocolate mousse cake dessert was FABULOUS! We will be back soon!
4	Consistently good, comfort food. This location does get busy. I've waited up to 40 minutes here. Normally I just try to go after the rush period. I used to eat the Tour of Italy. Once the price hit $15, I switched to Chicken Parm, or pasta bowls, if they're having their never ending special. The current $12.95 special isn't bad, either. Forget the salad, give me the Chcken Gnocchi and Pasta e Fagioli soup, with lots of grated cheese. I find the younger servers to be great. I think many are college students, and they really go the extra mile or kilometer. I've had the odd bad service here, but most are above average. I've eaten here close to 100 times since it's opened. Tip: looking for a cheap lunch/dinner? Just order the soup and breadsticks. Free refills on both, and under $6.
3	So it seems this location is very popular with the locals.....elderly.....and hosting family functions. This location like most Olive Gardens I have visited in the past can get very crowded....but I do have a very good tip for you if you decide to dine here. If you don't want to wait you MUST go between the hours of 4-6pm.....because after that you will be waiting for at least 20 minutes for a table. Now while that is not a long wait if your hungry that could seem like an eternity....LOL. I have waited as long as 40 minutes but I wouldn't do that again. The Service is pretty good but if you sit at one of the tables in the rear of the establishment they may forget about you back there. The food is just average.....I had the Chicken Alfredo....the chicken was to fatty....and the noodles were a little cold. All in all it wasn't a terrible experience....but I don't have to come back to this location anytime soon. That is a real shame too because it is only about 5 minutes or less from my apartment. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
4	**This review is for the soup and salad lunch special**I absolutely love my zuppa toscana and since I found out about the lunch special we have been coming here more often. We were there twice in the past week or so and the first time our server Kim was OK.I wish she had refilled our bread but I had 4 bowls of zuppa toscana!!The first time the salad bowl was kind of empty, so when asked if we wanted more we said yes. The second portion was very generous... which makes you think if it had been like that the first time we had not asked for more on the first place.Second time there were 4 of us, we all had tea (I like the peach tea they serve) and the salad/soup special.Service was really good. Joanna took really care of us, along with a young gentleman, I think his name was Alex, I do not remember for sure : (About their other specials, like the eat one here take one home (I don't remember the exact name) or the 2 for $25, they sound good but the options they have are very limited, so I don't think they are that good.Other times in the past, I think they are a bit pricey for what it is, considering I mainly go there for my zuppa toscana : )About 6 months to a year ago we went there for lunch and our server Elizabeth took great care of us... Outstanding! I didn't write a review then but she totally deserved 5 stars!
1	Olive Garden continues its slow down hill slide. This particular location had a leaky awning out side draining water onto the benches out side. The staffs answer to this was to throw napkins on the wet bench. Wait staff was unfriendly and inattentive. Salad literally tasted like it had a cigarette butt in it. Bread sticks were cool and extra salty. Waited over 45 minutes for entrees to be served. Waitress dumped my wife's leftovers and mine together in one box, despite both meals being VASTLY different and not compatible. TERRIBLE SERVICE, WORSE FOOD. GO ANYWHERE BUT HERE...
3	We came in Sunday for Soup, Salad and Breadsticks. I LOVE the new potato and mushroom soup, we both had a bowl of that then decided to try something new and have the chicken gnocci soup. That was a mistake. It was horrible! But, the beauty of unlimited soup means if you don't like it, you can get something else. Our service was a bit slow from the get-go. But, once he finally got to the table he was good. Nothing spectacular, just average.
5	Second time dining at this location.....service has consistantly been very attentive.  Our waitperson, Sean S., provided excellent service and was very familiar with the nuances of the menue.I had salmon and wife had seafood alfredo....both were tasty and portions was generious.
4	Any time we visit this chain we sit at the bar, since it's usually open seating and service is almost always great from their bartenders. Our server was quick to get our drink orders and we didn't wait but a few more minutes to place our order. We always get the same thing and it's consistent at every location, which is really what you expect to find at chains.There were a couple of interesting patrons that came in for to-go orders while we waited for our food, but the staff handled everything flawlessly. Props for the good service and the ability to diffuse difficult situations from staff and management alike. We had the seasonal pumpkin cheesecake at the end - which we have had on one other occasion - and it was delicious!  I recommend giving it a try before it's gone until next year.Overall: AConsistent food, great service, yummy dessert.  Good visit.
3	We're still at 3 stars. 2.5 if I could. We were in over the weekend for Soup, Salad and Bread Sticks. It was an interesting experience. While our server was over the top nice, she was also over the top awkward. She tried so darn hard to be good but it left us all feeling uncomfortable. I won't go into many specifics but she needs to tone it down and just let us enjoy our lunch without a bunch of theatrics. (I will not leave her name)We received our salad first and when that came my father asked for our soup as well since we prefer having them together. We all finished our salads and sat there for a while before we received our soup (despite hearing it was coming multiple times). When we left we all stood there in shock at how uncomfortable that lunch was. Between the server and a few other events. We will not be back to this location.
1	Don't go in here if your black. They will be extra rude to you. The wait was longer than I expected so I changed my mind. Wife wanted to stay so I went back and reserved a table for 5 again. She claims I said 5. She did that to be nasty. And I think because we were the only black family there.
1	On 01/02 - I took my 6 yr old grandson on his birthday to have a celebratory lunch.  I specifically inform the waitress there just that. First, after receiving our order [I had soup and salad and he had a pepperoni pizza], we never saw the waitress again until we were done - so to speak.  I say that because the pizza was so undercooked, he could not eat it.  So he had my soup.  The waitress finally came back and asked if we wanted the pizza boxed up.  I informed her the pizza was undercooked and to let the cook know.  No apologies, no nothing from her.  She then asked if the birthday boy would like a birthday dessert.  Of course, what little boy wouldn't?  So she brings over a menu for him to choose his dessert.  In the meantime, I noted on the table if you bought a $50 gift card, you would get a free $10 bonus card.  I informed my waitress that I wanted a $50 gift card.  After they brought my grandson his candle-lit dessert and sang happy birthday to him, I received my gift card, but not the bonus.  After inquiring about it, they stated that promotion was no longer running, even though the promotion advertisement was still on the table, and it did not state a date to when the promotion ended.  After speaking with the manager, he "graciously" gave me a $10 gift card.  I say graciously, because he certainly had an attitude about it.  But the kick to all of this, not only was I charged for an uncooked pizza my 6 year old grandchild could not eat, I was charged for his birthday dessert?  Who does that?  Who charges a birthday dessert for a 6 year old child?Needless to say, we will never go back to that location.
4	For a chain resturant this was excellent - the service provided by Nicole ( first day on the job ) was outstanding !! Cheers
1	This place is interesting.  I was disappointed to walk into the Olive Garden on a Sunday afternoon to find it full with abrasive customers.  This was to be expected, however, and the amount of obnoxious people lingering around the restaurant at the time of my visit has nothing to do with the low rating I am selecting.  The way that the staff of hostesses and managers dealt with the wave of people was almost comedic.  They were running around senselessly and obviously trying to get a grip on the situation without success.  It was a whopping two hours (no exaggeration) before I was finally sat.  Once I was finally sat, chance supplied me with the most awkward server I have ever had.  I couldn't honestly say that she finished a whole sentence at any point throughout my meal. This was a weird experience
4	We've been going to OG for years at various locations across FL and the greater Phoenix, AZ area, and we're huge fans.  The food is consistently good, and the service is usually prompt.  The atmosphere is casual, so come as you are, but you could also dress up and make a date night out of it as well.  I've also been with large parties for birthdays and whatnot, and they are always accommodating.  The food is always prepared fresh and served hot.  We love sitting at the bar with its quick open seating, and when it's not that busy we've always found the bartenders friendly and super attentive.  We typically get the spaghetti with meat sauce (hey, you can't beat a classic!).  I pair mine with the pasta fagioli, while my wife usually goes for a salad.  If there's any room left, we will split a black tie mousse cake. Delicious!While this sounds like a general review, this absolutely applies to this OG location.  There are multiple OG's in our area, and this is our go to spot for its consistent service and relative proximity to our apartment.  Be sure to check this place out, and save us a seat at the bar!
4	Better than Macaroni Grille.  You gotta love the soup and salad and some entrees are pretty tasty and a standard fare.  Olive Garden actually has some very good items.   Their salad dressing is yummy, and their drink menu is tasty.  Olive Garden is solid and reliable.  They are always adding new dishes and they make some great new combos.
5	Just decided to stop by this Olive Garden with my boyfriend today to get a really early dinner. As soon as we walked in we encountered what you would expect at an Olive Garden at 4 in the afternoon, a loud baby and people wearing pajamas as clothes. Little did we know that we were going to have the best service we have ever had in our entire lives. Being 21 and 22 means we usually get treated like we aren't good tippers at restaurants. But our waitress Nichole was so on top of everything I barely had to take a sip of my drink before she was filling it to the top. She was very friendly and efficient. And on our way out she boxed everything for us and even supplied extra soup. I felt like I was walking out the door with a weeks worth of groceries. Bottom line, thank you Nichole for being an awesome waitress! We will be back.
4	We went here because we won a gift card at work. It was actually surprisingly good! The service was absolutely great; especially since we had a 6 month old and asked for a car seat sling then a high chair. They were very accommodating.The food was pretty good to for a chain restaurant. We had the 2 for $25 (with a $3 add on for seafood Alfredo) plus a limonata and calamari. We also had a $5 off coupon. ALWAYS look for coupons when going to chain restaurants. It can save you some money!
5	My friend and I went to Olive Garden last Sunday night.  I had a coupon for a free appetizer which we loved and our meal was very good as well.  The best part of our experience was the waiter.  Zack was one of the best servers I have had.  He was quick, attentive and went out of his way to  accommodate our special needs.  It was a very pleasant experience and I will definitely be going back again.
