5	5 stars isn't enough for this awesome pediatric center! My son's primary doctor is Dr. Sotelo, but I've spoke to all of the doctors here and I couldn't be more happy with trusting my son's health in their care! I've never had a moment where I know I could call and never get a call back or get a call or advice I couldn't trust. They put my new mom jitters at ease immediately! Most of my friends use this office, also, and we all gush about the great care they show towards you and your child. It's nice to have someone ask how the mom is doing after a new child, so they take care of the parents, also! They are a fantastic office!! The whole staff!! A++++
4	Dr. Cannon has been my daughter's pediatrician since she was born.  Although he has never expressed any negativity at our decision to delay/decline our daughter's vaccinations, some of the nurses have been a little snooty about it.  From our first visit, Dr. Cannon has always been very thorough in answering all our questions, and even answering questions we didn't even know we had.  The office has a sick-child waiting room and a well-child waiting room.  I'd never seen that before, but it's so sensible.  Even though we moved from Scottsdale to Tempe, we aren't changing doctors.  Dr. Cannon is obviously experienced and I respect his professional opinion.
4	I know, I know, Baby Mess hasn't even arrived yet, but I was told it's important to "meet and greet" potential pediatricians before the baby arrives.  So, since Dr. Sotelo at Papago Buttes came highly recommended thanks to our friends who recently became parents, Tammar H and Brad P, we scheduled a "meet and greet" appointment with him and were pleased with how it went.The office staff were extremely friendly when I called and in person... We felt comfortable from the moment we walked in, and especially like the fact that they have a "sick child entrance" and a "well child entrance."  (This very well may be standard today at all pediatricians, but it was new to us!Dr. Sotelo himself spent plenty of time with us thoroughly going over our health history and answering our questions.  He was also clear about how convenient it is to schedule routine appointments, the hours they are open, getting in when the child is sick, and even just calling with questions.  I am relieved to have a pediatrician and I feel that Baby Mess will be in terrific hands when he/she comes into the world!I'm giving four stars for now but after a few visits, I am hoping to bump it up to five assuming we continue to be pleased with this practice!
5	I could not be more thrilled with our first visit to see Dr. Sotelo at Papago Buttes.  From the initial phone call, until we left the office, I was pleased with every interaction I had we had.   It started with a phone call to see if Dr. Sotelo, who came highly recommended, was accepting new patients.  To my excitement he was.  I wanted to make an appointment for the same week, and they were able to accommodate my request.  Before we hung up the call I was told that I would receive a call before my appointment to get all of my information entered into their system.  I loved this!  Someone from the office took all of our information over the phone so when we arrived at the office, we had no paperwork to fill out!  Three signatures (privacy policy, permission to treat, agreement to pay for services), all on the same sheet of paper, and we were free to enjoy the lobby entertainment until our name was called.  The parking lot was large and not crowded.  The waiting area provided ample seating for adults, a bookshelf filled with children's books, a play table and a few small chairs or little ones.  One of the walls was an activity wall with interactive games for the kids while they waited.  After a few minutes, our name was called and we were led back to a room.  Just outside the room was a large toy box. The nursed encouraged us to grab some entertainment on our way in.  My initial thought was, "I guess that means it will be a while."  Wrong!  The nurse took our measurements right away and said the doctor would be right with us.  Within five minutes Dr. Sotelo entered the room.  He spoke to me like I was his equal and explained what he was doing as he did it.  My daughter appreciated this, as did I.  I had chosen to delay certain vaccines. Dr. Sotelo took the time to hear my reasoning behind the decision.  Instead of pushing me to move forward with them, he answered my questions and let me choose how to proceed. After the doctor left, the nurse returned and administered the injections we had decide to go forward with.  When she was done she led us to Dr. Sotelos office.  Dr. Sotelo met us in his there, offered my daughter a sugar-free sucker (which she devoured in minutes), and we sat and discussed milestones, development, etc.  On the way out, a friendly staff member set up our next two (!) appointments, and we were on our way...well, almost on our way.  My daughter insisted on a few more minutes of play time in the lobby before we headed out.  Yes, that is right, she didn't want to leave.Never did I feel rushed or forgotten.  My daughter had a blast.  The staff was professional, respectful, friendly and courteous.  What more could you ask for in a pediatrician?
3	My experience here was terrible with Becky... That's the only problem with the place.However, Dr. Sotelo, Dr. Cannon, and Dr. Resnick are absolutely amazing.
5	I have been bringing my daughter here for the past 7 years, her doctor is Dr Scott Cannon, and he is truly an amazing pediatrician! I feel very lucky to have a doctor we can trust. In the past 7 years we have met the other to Dr's and they were fabulous as well. This pediatrician's office is top notch!!!
4	Dr. Sotelo is a Buckeye's fan, how can you go wrong here?  Beside being from the same area in the Midwest as Dr. Sotelo I have been taking our children here for several years.  We have always been treated well by the staff and Dr. Sotelo.  There is hardly any issues with scheduling an appointment and they don't make you wait forever in the waiting room or the exam room.I saw Dr. Cannon for the firstime on my last visit there and was pleased with his evaluation and treatment of my daughters issues.
5	My wife and I absolutely love these guys.  Dr Resnik has been our guy since day one and for a 3-year old to be happy to go to the Dr says a lot for him.  Maybe it is because they share a birthday, but I expect it to be for the level of care he provides, and to follow up at 8:00 pm with a call speaks volumes for Dr. Resnik.  We have another on the way and it is not even a question as to who the Dr will be.
5	We recently switched to PBPC because our current doctor's office wasn't providing our family with the care we expect from a pediatric office.Our daughter hates going to the doctor's office. She cries as soon as we are in the parking lot and cries the entire time at the office.We had to follow up with our doctor because we were in the ER with our daughter. We just couldn't take her back to the current doctor and put through all of the emotions again. So I decided to search on Yelp. PBPC had great reviews so we decided to try the PBPC office.Our daughter walked right in and went straight to the toys...which she never did at the old office. Front office staff was very friendly, another plus! They didn't appear to hate their job. They called her back and she walked herself straight back and got on the scale to get weighed...another first!When the doctor walked in, he introduced himself, shook our hands and our daughter even shook his hand! She did wonderful the entire visit! Dr. Reznick is a great doctor and our daughter loved him! She keeps asking to go to the doctor.
5	I love Papago Buttes! My kids actually get excited to go & see Dr. Sotelo! They are everything I was looking for in a pediatrician & their office. The office people are always helpful & friendly. The sick & well children have two, separate areas & entrances which is great too. Dr Sotelo is friendly, thorough, & seems genuinely interested in providing quality care for children. He never makes us feel rushed which is refreshing. It's a medium size practice so it doesn't seem like patients are herds of cattle waiting for long periods of time in the waiting area to see the doctor. I recommend this practice & Dr. Sotelo to friends & family all the time. My friend who was a NICU nurse at Scottsdale Healthcare Shea takes her son to him & recommended him to me!
