4	I travel frequently, so I'm always at the airport.  Because most of my flights are with Southwest I'm in the C Gates....and that's where Corcoran's comes into the picture.  It's a small Irish Pub located between C Gates 1 & 2.  It's a great spot to have a few drinks and watch a game or fire up the laptop to get some work done while you wait for your flight.  If you need a plug, the table to the far left side of the bar in the left corner has a plug available.  That's the one bad thing about the place....there's not enough outlets.Will I return?  Of course....this afternoon as a matter of fact.
2	It's 2:00 pm in Las Vegas. We are sitting at Corcoran's with about 2 hours to go before our flight is scheduled to depart. We find the last seat in the tiny bar area. We sit down and take a look at the menu. Aside from the usual domestic suspects, draft beer selection is Guinness, Harp or Stella. After waiting for a long time I realized that despite menus on the table they must not have table service. I went to the bar and ordered a Sauvignon Blanc and a large Guinness. The good news is both were very good. Bad news is this set me back $25 plus tip. The man behind the bar seemed angry. Was he angry that the owners required him to charge outrageous prices?  Was he angry because the floors needed to be cleaned?  Was he angry because he had a lousy gambling streak last night? We will never know. So, based on price and overall feel, I will choose another airport bar over this one. Unless this is my only choice, no thank you.
1	If I could give 0 stars I would. I have been sitting here for over 20 minutes and have yet to be greeted. I finally went to the bar to place my order and there is one bartender and still no drink. The only reason why I've stuck around this long is because I found a charging station at my table. As I'm typing this, the bartender approached my table aggressively and yelled, "how dare you ask me to clean your table and not order a drink!" I said, "excuse me? I ordered a Bloody Mary 20 minutes ago from you and you have yet to bring it to me." He said, "oh yah I forgot." I have never been so offended by a Resturant/bar staff member in my life. Unbelievable! John Taffer from Bar Rescue would be falling over right now! Needless to say, I got up and left.
3	It's an airport bar.   Don't get your hopes up of this being the best place ever.   They have food and they have drinks.   Nothing in mindblowing but if you have some time to kill, I'm sure you can find a drink you like here.   As far as I could tell, there is no cocktail waitress.   You have to go to the bar.   Will I be back?   Only when my flight gets delayed.
4	The service is great, front, and efficient.. The lady who took care of me, was very polite, very happy, and up beat.. The food flavor was as expected, the cleanliness was great. Food portion were generous. I recommend it.
