3	I'm a big fan of Kanda on Queen Mary and this one is owned by the same person, so I figured I'd try it out for lunch. Standard fare was very good, but the first round of tuna sushi we were sent looked grey, shriveled, and extremely unappetizing. Very disappointed. We sent it back with an explanation and it was replaced with nice, red sushi. Why didn't we get this in the first place? That rather put a damper on the meal and, when I had tapped out, so to speak, I went down to the bathroom. As soon as I walked in, an incredible odour immediately caused me to vomit. I spoke to the manager, and he acknowledged that they were treating some sort of water leak - but seriously - that's toxic. Make sure that's fixed before trying this restaurant. If you're thinking that a 3-star rating for this visit is bizarre, given the comments, know that the food (except for the first tuna round) was excellent. This had 4 or even 5 star potential. When they fix the problems - and they're easy fixes - I should have no problem recommending this place.
1	I don't even know where to start with this review, or should I say, a litany of disappointments. First, we did an order for take-out, we had an order of Japanese dumplings, which weren't great but okay - as well as basic hot and sour soup, which accounts for the 1 star. Now normally I'd give something for the rest of our meal but I just can't. I requested no octopus for our sushi combo (40 pieces of sashimi, nigiri and maki) and we ended up with 1 octopus nigiri and 4 pieces of sashimi. Sadly, they were close to the best items in the combo. The seaweed used for several pieces tasted of fish that's gone slightly off. The salmon sashimi was solid, as well as the surf clam but we were just so sad we bothered to try this place. Both my sister and I had terrible pieces of nigiri that resulted with us spitting them out. We were left with an overwhelming sick feeling after eating and worried it might be food poisoning (it wasn't, thankfully). My miso soup was very over-salted but I was really starving...and if you like very salty foods, you might not find it a problem. Honestly, I'm never, ever, going to get food from there again, even for the cooked items; it's just not worth it when you can find much better faux-Japanese and pseudo-Chinese a few minutes away.
3	This update refers to my review from February 5th. Sadly, I start by saying that the stench in the bathroom is still, 8 months later, rancid and toxic. This is absurd. The food was just as good as last time. I'm conflicted. Maybe I'll still go back to this place, but use the washroom elsewhere before I arrive. If that sounds ridiculous to you, know that it does to me too. Your call, folks.
1	Ate here with my parents. It's now $18.40 to eat the ever shrinking all you can eat menu. The service is slow and not attentive. The quality of the sushi is passable.I am now officially over this resto chain.I understand that this place will last because of all the offices along Decarie - captive audience.  Their others probably will die because the quality to price ratio has gone way down.
1	Coming from two people (me and my gf) who regularly enjoy the awesome quality of sushi and excellent service at Kanda Pointe-Claire, we came into Kanda Decarie with high expectations. First off, the place was freezing cold. I couldn't tell if we were sitting indoors or out and they didn't bother to change it at all..Then the food came in.. Every single thing we ordered was well below subpar. The rice was just not cooked enough and the rolls would fall apart when you tried to pick it up. It felt like we were eating from your average sushi stands and even those had better food. Lastly, we ordered 2 bubble teas (pineapple w/ tapioca & coconut w/ lychee). Not only did we wait 15 minutes for it but when it finally came, she had the tapioca & lychee in opposite bb teas.. -_- We pointed this out and she apologized and took them away to make us new ones.. or so we thought! When it came back, it was ridiculously obvious that she just scooped and swapped the bubbles. Final product was lychee and tapioca visibly mixed together in both plastic cups. We asked for the bill and left. AVOID THIS PLACE!
3	We went for the all you can eat lunchtime deal, and it wasn't half bad. Not the best sushi by any means, but for $20, you get what you pay for (and lots of it). The hardest thing about this place is not getting carried away. Their menu is extensive, and it's easy to want to order one of everything. With that in mind, you should know that if you don't finish everything they'll charge you for any remaining pieces (I think it's $1 or so per piece). Service was fast and friendly, but if you can, avoid peak hours (between 12pm-1pm), as it can be incredibly hectic during these times.
