5	Dr. Patty is a great person and was always great with my two cats. She has a great sense of humor and is very intelligent. Her and the staff are very friendly and always made me and the cats feel comfortable when there for a visit. I moved out of state and miss this clinic and would recommend it to everyone.
5	I've been taking our dogs to Dr. Patty since moving to the valley in '98.  She's fantastic and so is all the staff at South Point Animal Clinic.  Dr. Patty is a very practical vet who really helps care for your pets as if they were her own.  I whole-heartedly recommend her.
5	We have been taking our cat here for several years, and the previous cat too.  Service & care is wonderful.  The staff is caring, makes prompt appointments, and really pays attention to you and your animal.  Dr. Pat is very nice and explains the issues with your animals carefully.  They are also reasonably prices and accomodating.  I really recommend this Vets.  (I could only hope for this level of care from a people's doctor's office..)
5	Dr Patty is the best, love her she is like family
5	We highly recommend Dr. Patty and her staff at South Point Animal Clinic.  We have taken Winston, our Welsh Terrier, to her for the last 5 years, along with our recently adopted Clementine (a mixed breed dog).   The staff is so attentive and caring.   They follow-up every call and visit to make sure everything is ok.    If we have a question or concern, we call and they advise us over the phone -- which I think demonstrates that they aren't in it to just make a buck.    I love Dr. Patty and wouldn't trade her for the world!
5	Dr. Patty is the best.  we have been coming to her for almost 14 years.  She treats all her clients like family.  We drive over 3 hours to come see her.
4	The service was nice, fast, efficient. There are many cats running around (and when I say many, 5+ at least), so those with allergies will definitely be hurting. I'm slightly allergic to cats and I could just tell the dander was getting to me even in my brief visit.I recently got a miniature dachshund and I just needed to get his shots up to date and whatnot. It was a painless process, everyone was very friendly, and we left with a clean bill of health.I will however say the bill was a bit surprising. $200 for a first visit and usual puppy shots? Ouch. Assuming I don't have to come here often, I can suck up the price since the service was great. Otherwise, my doxie's checkups will need to go elsewhere.
5	We have been going to South Point Animal Clinic for many years now and absolutely love brings our dogs to see Dr. Patty and her staff. The have got us through tough times with our dogs and the normal routine visits. We have recommended her to many other pet wonders & everyone has had the same experience. Anyone looking for a great Vet should seriously consider South Point Animal Clinic no matter where you live in the Valley!
5	Dr. Patty is wonderful!  She treated us (and our cat) like family.  She was kind and helpful, and especially sympathetic to our sick kitty.  She took the time to explain our options and their costs, which was great. It's been less than a week, and they have already called 3 times to check in on our cat. The pricing was fair.  It was $57 for the office visit, $50 for an antibiotic shot, and $90 for labs.  I would gladly pay it again here.
5	Dr. Patty is awesome, very caring, and doesn't try to be a know it all. The staff is great, and the service is fast. I'm so glad I found them. The menagerie of friendly cats is a wonderful experience. I always enjoy taking my fur babies here because they enjoy it.
5	My pets will never see another vet! Dr. Patty and her staff are always so helpful, honest, compassionate,  and accommodating. I have recommended both friends and family to her office and they have all received the same quality care. They truly care for each pet as if it were their own. I have been taking my dogs to see Dr Patty for almost three years, since my Great Dane had to have an emergency surgery, and I will never go anywhere else!
