5	I'm going to have a hard time finding words to describe this place..... My husband and I have been to Auberge Du Dragon Rouge twice while visiting friends in Montreal. The first time was a wild enough experience that I HAD to go back. Our first time visiting we arrived to find about a 2 hour wait to get a table for our party of 5. Eh.... wasn't crazy about that but our friend/tour guide insisted that it was worth the wait. Finally when we got in, we entered a small restaurant whose dining area was maybe the size of my LR/DR, yet seated DOZENS of people, jam packed in. If we were in the US, this place would certainly not meet fire code! Once we sat down, luckily, we felt right at home. During the entire meal, the wait staff walked... that is... SQUEEZED, in between our tables singing and playing on their banjos. Being as everyone speaks/sings French, I could not understand a word, but it was still fun. As soon as our waiter found out that my husband and I only spoke English, the (friendly) harassment began! The harassment only got worse when I ordered the one (and only) vegetarian meal on the menu - veggie burger. The most interesting part of the meal comes AFTER you eat, when the wait staff asks who would like to prove their allegiance toward slaying dragons (or something of the sort) by drinking the blood of a recently slayed dragon. The "blood" is a warm drink consisting of Tabasco sauce and I think whiskey, and before you drink it, you have to stand on your chair and take an oath of allegiance! Crazy enough that I regretted not doing it the first time, and was the sole reason I made a point of going back this past year. Needless to say, the blood does not taste good, but it was fun enough that I'd do it again! The lack of vegetarian options would probably normally cause me to take off a star, but the fun and unique atmosphere made up for it. Definitely a place to go with a group of friends, some of which hopefully speak French, as the menu is in French.
4	I recently went there to celebrate my Birthday... I have been going regularly for year to the main dining room and have always enjoyed the atmosphere and the ambiance... if you don't like crowds stay clear of the place on weekends. What made this trip different from my usual one is that My group of friend and I reserved the Upstairs 'noble room' and had a wonderful 3 serving meal with lively animation and excellent service. The food menu is set depending on the banquet you choose in advance (you can check the various Menu at http://www.oyez.ca/auberge/banquets.html - in French only). While the servers/actors were comfortable enough in English (we had a priest, a young guy called 'mousse and a wench called Freya, the 2 latter were rather quiet but efficient) The entertainment was mostly in french, even if I had requested, was promised and confirmed that it would be no problem to have some in English; some in french. Only 2 people in my party of 21 spoke only English, but still it was a small disappointment and the reason I removed a star.All my guest had an excellent time... and I am not sure it is standard practice but I was offered and enjoyed a shot of calvados on the house. The food was good, well presented and timely served. I personally had the 'sampler' platter which is a bit of all the other 3 choice on the set menu. If you want to have the place upstairs I would recommend doing reservation at least 6 month in advance. And that is the only way you can reserve as the main dining room downstairs is always first come first served.if you want to get a feel of the place while it is quieter a lunch there (or going early afternoon) is a good idea. Want to experience the whole experience... Friday or Saturday night is the best.On another note they only Accept Cash or DEBIT card... L'Auberge is definitely and experience and one of those very unique restaurant in Montreal
5	Dragon Rouge is an experience.  A refined medieval experience with roving minstral and period dress. The team is all about the experience ... it takes you back to a better time ... if only for an evening ...
5	This place is quintessential 514:( joie-de-vivre)^inf. Testament to the high fun quotient of the entire island, this gem is not located downtown but is in one of the northern 'burbs. You're not seated until everyone in your party has shown up but that just builds up anticipation as you see others having fun.The decor is tacky fun: dragon heads, rustic lamps, very woodsy, supported by appropriately clad wenches and minstrels!The food is hearty, tasty fun: bison, boar, fries et al. It's been a while since I last visited but the garlic fries left an indelible impression! The menu is a bit lacking in the vegetarian department, but  vikings and kings didn't dine on fiddleheads and arugula!The entertainment is uber fun: it's very participatory as the waitstaff amble up to you and target you in a gentle roast or an awkward dance! The minstrels provide the background score to add to the ambiance.I've had many great memories in this renaissance themed restaurant: being asked to belly dance with another random patron, having friends asked to entertain the room at large, singing with the slightly tipsy waitstaff ( they drink while they serve you)!The Red Dragon is a bit on the more expensive side, but then again, no one said that entering the belly of the dragon wouldn't come at a price!
5	Honestly one of the best restaurant in this town ... Its location is very hidden as it is situated in the north east of Montreal. Freaking love this place and the employees that work there , they really love their jobs and make sure that you feel at ease and comfortable within their castle :3I haven't tried much except their burgers , but holy hell does this place makes excellent burger and good fries and sweet potatoes chips.I have actually went here 3 times over the last two months . As my first experience of le dragon rouge was an I call within their establishment , i could not be more satisfied about my meal that night and so did my partner . I had the boar pig burger in the past which tasted dry but perfect. I've gotten the Butcher burger which came with half a pound of meat and merguez sausages .. Can I say it was delicious ?! Yes I will rate this burger top 2 in Montreal , I'm not joking.The side dishes include sweet potatoes chips and giant hand made potatoes ! I'm not gonna lie probably the best potatoes and fries in Montreal as it comes with GARLIC SAUCe, YES YOU heard me right , THIS Establishment have garlic sauce and IT MAKES THEIR SIDE DISHES PERFECT .Lastly , I can say that I've brought two friends to this place , and they can't believe how good this restaurant is in term of food , service and establishment . Fact is during the night , the staff gives an excellent show that is mostly in French , but very fun and exciting as it put ambience ! Take out order is absolutely amazing - takes about 10-15mins , in the mean time you can drink water and watch the establishment show , or chill under the terrace . Seriously, do not be afraid to come within the domain of this restaurant as you will be amazed by this unique medieval restaurant :)  Merci encore dragon rouge for the amazing experienced in food that you've allowed me to enjoy !
4	mind you, its been a long time since i went there. i think the last time i set foot in this lovely establishment was during last year burger week but i'm not sure.all i can remember is the food being tasty, atmosphere being quirky and loud and portions are HUGE!its a meat lover heaven and i think i went into a comatose state because of it hence my lack of remembering.food, especially meat, lover beware!
4	The Auberge du Dragon Rouge is a very unique place in Montreal. Upon entering the restaurant, I was surprised to noticed that even the clients (for most part) where dressed in medieval clothing and behaving erratic. There were people playing great medieval songs and shanties. And every time someone would order a large meal they would screen and bring all the attention to the table. Some of the songs were also drinking games. For example, whenever the bard would sing the month of your birthday, you would be invited to drink whatever you were drinking.The food is delicious, and almost everything contains boar meat. They have a large selection of beverages, including Mead and alcoholic coffee. Those who were willing to drink the "Dragon's Blood" (a mix of alcohol and tabasco) were invited to stand on the table and swear an oath (both English and French) before drinking it. There was also a dance with people that had birthday's that month. The only two downsides: People really do get excited and can get pretty loud. This is absolutely not the place for those seeking a calm bar to talk to friends or significant other. Also it can get a little bit expensive. Me and my friends spent around 65 dollars each for the meal and a few drinks. The decor of the place is very well done and does look like something out of a museum. In my opinion it is well worthy it. Probably the closest to a medieval tavern experience that you will have in Montreal. Note: Oh, by the way. Be sure to reserve ahead of time. It fill up pretty fast and the first time I went there, had to find some other place to eat.
