4	This is the new Jacob that just opened on Saturday. The husband and wife owners used to have a smaller place on Gorgie road and have let that to friends and are building their business. I had been watching the shop getting ready to open and the sign writer painting the graphics on the windows.Lovely inside, quite understated and local cafe in style.I bought a fresh home made loaf of sour dough bread and it is delicious! I was a fan of Jacob before and it is so nice to see their hard work pay off. The selection of cakes and pastries looked great and I will be heading there again soon.
4	Stopped off tonight enroute home from work to meet my husband and his parents for a coffee and cake. I had carrot & parsnip which is a new combination to me, but delicious. Tasty latte and they sell fentimans curiosity cola which is a real treat.Good service.how refreshingly nice to have home made produce with good quality ingredients that the person who made it can tell you all about it.  All veggie as they don't use gelatine! Hurrah.
4	As a regular visitor to the original bakery on Gorgie Road, I was looking forward to this opening in order to stock up before catching the train at Haymarket. Unfortunately, it's probably a wee bit too far from the station for the walk back loaded down with coffee and pastries, and you won't  be able to resist loading up. The cakes and pastries are from the home bakery and exactly the same high standard and excellent value and they also offer  a few more gift-wrapped specials. Coffee as hot and very fresh (from Matthew Algie), perfect.Most custom with probably come from local offices, and with a large spacious corner location, it would make a very attractive lunch spot. Even for a Saturday morning there was a wide selection of sandwich fillings available.
4	I went along to the Haymarket cafe with a friend.  There was a lot to choose from and finally went with the brownie and a cappuccino.Jacobs has a nice corner premises so the seating goes right along the windows.The cappuccino and brownie were delicious. The service was friendly and prompt too.  I would go back too.
4	YUM! I think that is the best explanation of this cafe.I went with my boyfriend and our friend who was visiting a few weeks ago for breakfast. The breakfast rolls we ordered were so yummy and topped off my a homemade scone by desert. The service was quick and the staff were very friendly.They have a great selection of fresh cakes and baked goods including bread. We bought a small loaf of freshly made tomato and olive bread to take home with us which was so delicious.The cafe is quite small but very cozy with a selection of traditional tables, sofas and comfy arm chairs beside a little fire. Lots of seats are at the window as well which is great to watch the world go by. A perfect place to spend a few hours.
5	I was absolutely devastated when the shop on Gorgie Rd closed for Jacob to open up at Haymarket. All the baking is still done from Gorgie, but no more popping down the street to grab goodies when I have visitors.I love the slogan that Jacob's has - 'we bake what we want' and its true. Seasonal ingredients are often used so if it's plum's in season and a local customer has donated excess plums from their orchard, then plums will feature in different cakes over the following few days. Although I am gluten free, my friends and family aren't and they would never forgive me if I tried to feed them GF bread for brekkie. My fall back used to be Jacob's. Fresh croissants and artisan breads, baked fresh on the premises and sometimes I'd leave the shop with my little bag of warm, fresh out of the oven delights, ready to reclaim my role as the hostess with the mostess.I don't get to visit as often as I would like but I do try and pop up for fresh croissants, breads and gorgeous sweet pastries for family and friends. My parents love the Danish Pastries in particular (the plum ones being a favourite) but often, I'll grab a selection of breads, quiches, and cakes and they go down a storm.There is now a cafe at Haymarket, with filled sandwiches, quiches, etc available and it is a bright and airy space. Lots of room for moving about with space between tables which is great. Again, prices are really reasonable and it is worth a visit :-)
4	Lovely smooth Matthew Algie coffee and soft brown rolls, the bacon can always be crispier for my taste but that's just me! Meant to get a take away cake as felt a giant meringue for breakfast was too naughty. I managed to forget on way out though, so have a perfect excuse to return soon!
4	This ought to be a five-star review.Had it not been for a few minor aggravations, it would have been.Let's get those out of the way first: the card machine was broken - not their fault I know, but running up the road in the rain to the nearest cashpoint does sully one's experience a little. There was no sugar on the table to put in my tea, meaning it had to be pilfered from another table. FInally, the girl serving didn't ask me if I wanted ketchup on my bacon roll, leaving me to assume it would be delivered on the side anyway, which it wasn't...But those are minor aggravations. Mini mini mini qualms. Overall, PJ is quite simply L.O.V.E.L.Y. Big and fresh and high-ceilinged, with a good line in yummy-looking cakes (including some simply adorable mini macarons) and a fine Chesterfield sofa, this is my kinda place for real. I don't get out to this end of town all that much but this is definitely a beacon to draw me back. (Although it looks like they're opening a branch on South Bridge, so, y'know. It depends where the sofa ends up. I'm fickle.)My bacon sandwich came on proper wholemeal bread, just like you'd hope, in a roll bigger than my palm. Ok, ok, tiny mandolin hands render that comparison useless. Let's say about the size of a saucer. A happy size. A truly filling size. Sure, without the ketchup it was a little drier than ideal but not so much that I bothered to actually ASK for ketchup. Add to that that my pot of tea was good and generous and cost me less than two quid, and I was properly set for a darn tootin' good day.Thanks, Pat Jacob. Looking forward to having you in Old Town!
