4	I come here to get my oil changes and I must say I feel that the employees here treat me right without trying to cheat me (too bad you have to be wary of that kind of thing).  I've also come for my smog check.  I've always been treated with respect here.  The waiting room is pretty yucky- that's my only real complaint.
4	Car getting dusty and need to wash it cheaply and decently, this is the place.1.  Price - For the gas, it is what it is.  They do use Chevron products, which I like. For the wash, it is 8 or 9.00.2.  The wash - I can go in with my huge Excursion, and this is the chain / track type wash where your car is transported through the wash. If the system can push my truck it can work with anything.  And, they use the soft cloth which does great to get rid of stuff, unlike that touchless car wash systems.3.  The wait - Never have to wait long at all.4.  The squeegee - I hate it when the water in the squeegee container is like 6 months old and black!  Here , it seems to always be fresh and clean.5.  Overall, nice, easy to get to, and they have a vacuum and wash station as well. I find it to be a good value.Check it out.
1	Beware if you have one of their half price oil change coupons!! They don't actually give you one for half price of what you paid. They have raised the price of oil changes by $6!!! and then they tack their miscellaneous fees on top of it. To top it off, my newly cleaned car was left covered in oily fingerprints. I may sound petty, but there are a lot of other options out there where the service is better and the waiting room not so disgusting! I know I won't go back here.
5	They serviced AC in my truck in 20 minutes, otherwise I would of had to wait a couple hours at other auto repair shops.
4	I'm usually a regular here mainly because I'm in and out getting an Arizona Green Tea or Dasani waters. The service is great, but I just get so upset everytime they run out of the Green Tea Arizona. They run out a lot! I guess that side of town has a thing for Arizona Green Tea!
1	Very sleazy, slick people working here.  The old man with the slicked back hair and orange skin is a trickster and not to be trusted.  I brought my car in for oil change, when I was waiting they brought in a list of things that needed to be fixed, it amounted to over $700.  I looked it over and said thanks but can't do it right now.  The guy looked back at me with a crazed look in his eyes like he wanted to kill me.  I was honestly scared at that point and just wanted him to leave the waiting room without berating me.Well, anyways back to the oil change and check up.  They refilled my oil but left it one quart short.  I asked them about my transmission fluid level (supposed to be in free check) they said it was fine. I had the level checked at the jeep dealer two days later and it didn't even register it was that low.  Also, tires were severely deflated when I brought it in, they did not check the tires or fill them up.Do not trust these dirtballs.  Go get your oil changed somewhere else. I believe their employees are drug addicts and scam artists.  DO NOT GIVE THEM YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION OR ADDRESS
4	I love this place and have been getting my oil changed and smog checked forthe past 4 years.No games, very fast service ( especially if your there early) and I love the $ 15.00off coupons that come in the mail.
3	Located on Eastern Ave just off the 215, this is one of our favorite spots to fill up for gas on the drive back to Phoenix.  The lanes are wide and there's a convenience store to grab snacks/drinks.  Gas prices are pretty good.  There are also many choices for food around the area too, so we usually fill up with gas then grab a bite nearby.Return Factor - 60%
4	To preface this, I grew up in the Midwest and I've never had to get a smog check before, so I don't quite know what is normal. That being said, I had a great experience here. The smog check is in the back, so you have to go around the building. There was an attendant waiting, they asked for my zip code and the miles on the car. He then directed me toward the lobby and said he would be about 5 minutes. It was less than 5 minutes before he was done. I had time to pull a book out of the diaper bag, sit down with my 1-year old and look at the first page with her and then it was done. That was amazing. I was there around 8:45 on a Monday morning. The cost for the smog was about $20. I think I've seen it for less elsewhere, but it works.
1	Horrible customer service, all my fluids were LOW after full service oil change including my oil!! Refused to take any coupons or discounts. I will never go here again, to avoid a hassle please don't go to this Terrible's location for oil changes!!
1	It's one thing to upsell while educating with real facts. It's another thing to upsell by lying. At least the manager returned the $40 cabin filter that they forced on my wife when I asked him to, he can definitely use a lesson on manners as well. But telling her that synthetic oil is REQUIRED for her Civic is ridiculous.
5	This place is fast, friendly, and cheap. Took car in for smog check and was out in less than 15 minutes. Got a free coffee out of it and the people were great! Highly recommend you take your vehicle here for smogs.
5	I have been going to the Lube place for years for oil changes and smogs,  but pulled in yesterday with a smoking engine. (Good service over the years, but it is hard to impress me with an oil change.) The guys checked it out and confirmed I needed a new radiator.  They called me back with an estimate that was very fair and so the next morning  (today) I went in for the repairs. At some point one nice guy pulled me outside to show me the new parts in the box and the old ones removed (thermostat, too) so I wouldn't worry.The guys were so nice, fixed my car in great time and with no unexpected charges. Straight up good guys at this place doing good work.
