5	We took my bike in about 2:30 to get a new brake. We snapped the original in half when we had to replace the tire. They replaced it in about an hour. We were very impressed with the service. They put air in the tires as well before we picked it up. And the prices were very reasonable. I will go here again next time one of our bikes needs service.
5	Had a great experience here. They gave us multiple options to choose from as far as new brakes. They also repaired another loose brake and made sure there was air in the tires. I thought it would take a few days to get the bike back, but they said it'd be ready the same day. Sure enough, within an hour or so, it was good to go. They are knowledgeable and offer great customer service. I'll go back for any bike-related needs.
1	I went to the shop yesterday October 25, 2013 to have a new tube installed on the tire of my cruiser bike since it kept on going flat. I brought it home that same day and left it in the garage since I didn't have time to install it on the bike until Saturday evening and to my surprise the tire is flat again. I will be taking it back to the shop and hopefully the man that helped me will remember that he fixed it and back up his work. I paid cash and wasn't given receipt.
3	UPDATE: despite the store's policy of not providing warranties on inner tube replacements, I am happy to report that the owner backed up his work and replaced my inner tube that kept going flat at no charge. As a small business owner he shows pride in his work. The review is not 5 stars though because he was visibly upset at my first review. Although I do not believe I "bad mouthed" him in the least. Thanks for the tube Sir!
5	Nick did a fantastic job repairing the tire on my bike. Thank you for the military discount. I will definitely be back.
1	Very poor customer service by the cashier who says he is the owner. I went to return a defective inner tube which he said I punctured the tube upon installation and was not responsible.  A 6$ inner tube that probably cost him 2$ at the most he was not willing to guarantee. ..i then gave  back the rest of my purchase there that I had done with the tube and told him that his poor attitude towards customer service will not be rewarded with any of my business.  When I arrived earlier in the day at the original purchase I asked if he would install the tube on the tire and he said he could do it in about 5 hours later because he was so busy...i was the only customer in the store at that time...He did tell me it would only take a minute. ..but he was so busy that he could not take a minute of his day to do for a customer.  Since he won't back an inner tube I doubt u can trust him with a guarantee of anything expensive or costly repairs.  He is willing to sacrifice current,  future and repeat business over the cost of an inner tube. I told him that he can keep everything I purchased and since he refused to give me back my 31$ I am involved in a dispute with my bank over his payment.  GOOD LUCK BEING IN BUSINESS IN A YEAR JERK! This is the second of 5 reviews to mention this guy's attitude towards a returning of a tube....go to Walmart where u will get a better guarantee on your purchase. ..BUYER BEWARE. ..
5	The folks at this shop are awesome and very attentive staff . Bike shop workers were very helpful with my questions about freewheels and removal of freewheels. They offer a wide selection of bikes, bike parts, and bike accessories also. Listen this is the place to go if you need bike worx :)  they treated me like they knew me for ever. The first thing Nick  did when I walked in  was extend his hand which I thought was to grab my rim,  which I  was taking in for service but noooooooo it was a for a hand shake to welcome me :) made my day I guess you can say he was welcoming me first then my business. I also chit chatted with him a little about my order from Amazon and he understood everything and actually gave me some ideas..  ps. he saved me some money by telling me what the problem was for my other bike so I din't have to buy extra parts .... Thanks Nick Thanks Bike Worx
