5	We asked locals in Gila Bend where to get lunch, and they sent us to the Texaco Station. Ribs are what its all about. The pork ribs are mesquite smoked with peppery rub. They are juicy with enough smoke and spice to enhance the pork without overpowering it. They also have ribs drenched in sauce, but we've never tried that. They also have wings and Mexican items, which are all good, but the ribs are worth a hefty detour.There are a few tables inside the food mart, and some picnic tables outside. Takeout is the common mode.The whole station and food mart is a sort of living tribute to the spirit of Route 66. They have about everything a traveler might want, and a few kitschy do-dads that you might not realize anyone sold these days. If you are in Gila Bend, there is a good chance it's because you're traveling. This is the place to stop.
5	Cleanest c-store in Gila Bend!  Have not tried ribs, but they look great!  Ribs in a c-store?  Yes!
5	OMG you have to try the green chili shredded beef burritos!! Even if we don't have to stop for gas I have to stop for one of these! They are fresh and I think are homemade. They also have many other HOT items to choose from which look yummy but I'm hooked on the burrito :)Bathrooms are generally clean, they have fun things out in front of the store to purchase for your yard which I love to check out while there. Employee's are always nice and happy to see you.  It's a great place to stop for gas or food in Gila Bend.Oh and when I checked in I received $.10 off per gallon of gas.. which just makes it a better place to stop!
5	Tried some ribs - and I agree with the other reviewers:  outstanding!
1	This time the ribs were pretty bad - dry and tough and tasteless and over salted and over peppered and probably a few days old.
5	It seems like this place is safe and pretty chill. This is our second stop on my path to SD. There is a taco bell, carls jr...a normal sit down restaurant, a scale place near by.
5	I'm on my way from Buckeye, AZ to Tucson and I forgot to fill the tank before leaving Buckeye, whoops.    I'm driving down the 85 toward Hwy 8 and am looking for an exit with both gas station at a reasonable price and a few fast food choices so I can grab some grub for the road at the same time.    I see multiple options and exit.I pass a few other stations and pull into this Texaco station.   I whip out my phone and the Yelp app, find this business and check in.    Whoa, what's this??   SURPRISE SURPRISE... it's telling me get 10 cents off PER GALLON with check in, YOWZER!!!!    This is the best check in offer I've ever gotten, YAY! I walk in and show my phone with the check in offer and sure enough when I get back to the pump, the price has dropped from $3.25 to $3.15 a gallon, SCHWEET!This is an interesting station, in that, it's a gas station with the usual mini-mart, but they also sell ornamental yard art, decorative water fountains, benches etc.   I'm glad I chose to stop at this station rather than the others right next to the off ramp!
3	The service station was clean with friendly employees. We arrived around 10:00 and got a huge discount on their breakfast burritos. Contrary to other reviews, I wouldn't recommend it as a food destination , but at $1.00 each, the burritos were a good road snack. Most of their (not the breakfast burritos) burritos were deep fried, so if health is a concern, just buy the breakfast burritos.
