3	This hotel is perfectly serviceable - it's not real fancy, but we found it would allow you to get a decent night's sleep.  It's located on the SW side of Madison with easy access to the Beltline, but it's a drive into the UW/downtown area.  The room we had was recently renovated, with a nice seating area, bedroom, and extra large bathtub.  It was a little noisy in the common areas - apparently, the Midwest Horse Association was in town - but we didn't have any problems in our room with noise.  The hotel also has a nice breakfast area and is close to restaurants and shops at the West Towne Mall.
3	It's a good place to stay when the hotel is not the highlight but a safe, clean, predictable bed is necessary. A very solid "free" breakfast and easy check in and check out. Clean and quiet room. Updated amenities and comfy bed.
3	The BEST THING about this hotel is the made-to-order breakfast.  We received a ticket to take down to the dining room and selected an entree:  eggs, french toast, or pancakes, which came with potatoes and sausage or bacon.  Also provided is a selection of cereals, oatmeal, bread/toast, muffin, and fruit, as well as juice, milk and coffee.The LOCATION is great!  It's right across (a block or so away) from the mall and several restaurants; it is also right off the interstate too.   We liked how spacious THE ROOM was (King with sleeper sofa)  The room was like a little studio/efficiency with a full refrigerator, stove, and microwave.  The room was clean.The not-so-good things are as follows:1.  The room felt stuffy every time we entered.  We kicked up the air conditioning but got too cold.  There was no happy medium for crisp, cool air at a comfortable temperature.  2.  The pillows were flat; using two pillows didn't help.  3.  The stairs are steep in this two-story hotel, which lacks an elevator.  If you have trouble with stairs or have lots of luggage, you may be better off to request something on the first floor.OVERALL, this is a very decent place to stay.  It's not too expensive; it's not too fancy; and it provides an amicable atmosphere for an overnight stay.
2	Not a fan of Best Western but had no choice.  Anyways,  my room was spacious but felt dirty.  The air unit had a mind of its own.  It was either too cold or too stuffy.   There was no happy median with the AC unit.  Oh, with me having a fear of bugs what do I see on the wall?  A remaining bug that was smushed by someone else who previously stayed here.  Hopefully I don't have to stay at this hotel again.  Disgusted.
2	I was in Madison for a night and picked this hotel as all the downtown hotels around Capitol Square were booked solid. Madison is small enough that getting downtown is still a pretty quick drive - take Mineral Point to Midvale to University Avenue. The room was surprisingly spacious and the appointments were of decent quality for the price (around $60/night), the wifi is free (a lot of expensive hotels charge $15/night for wifi - seriously!?), and the staff is very pleasant and accommodating. However, the following items were disappointing.- The bed sheets weren't exactly clean. There was plenty of hair from the previous occupant in the bed. Not fun to discover that.- There was a bar of soap lying in the bathtub with more hair. Gross.- The pillows were substandard. They were extremely small pillows like one would find on a couch. Not fun for sleeping on and I had a pretty restless night thanks to them.I'd probably stay here again if the downtown hotels are all booked up but if I have a choice, I'll pay a few more $ and stay downtown.
4	This is the second or third time we've stayed at this location and as long as there is space, it will be our go-to when we come to town.  The location is excellent for us - near to where we usually go when in town and there are multitudes of amenities nearby, including food and shopping places - and Woodman's, which is the best grocery store ever, but that is a story for another review.  Check-in has always been quick and without issue.  The rooms are good-sized, and include microwaves and small refrigerators, which is nice.  The A/C is super cold, which makes me very happy, and I haven't had any issues with noise here, though each time we've stayed, it's been at a far end of the floor so there just may not be much occasion for that to happen.  I haven't had any issues with hearing people moving around in the rooms around or next to us and the hotel was pretty full this weekend.  Free internet - yay for that - and I also like that we can bring our dog if we can't leave her at home for whatever reason.  The pet fee was only $15, which was nice.  Free cooked-to-order breakfast in the mornings, too.  We've never had any issues with cleanliness of the rooms and with my husband's back issues, the mattresses and pillows work out well for us.  Parking may be at a premium on some weekends when lots of things are going on in the area but overall good bang for the buck here and we will be back.
4	We decided to stay here at the last minute after visiting some nearby touristy things. The rate was great and the room was spacious and clean. The free breakfast was as good as any other free hotel breakfast, and best of all I didn't have to make my own waffle. The hotel was quiet for the most part and I was happy not to have been woken by drunks or children slamming doors or getting loud in the hallways. The one bad thing about this place was the girl at the front desk...when I went to check in I asked for a room with two beds (I knew they had one because I saw it on Hotels.com). She said they didn't have any rooms available. Ummm.....Hotels.com come says you have several rooms available...? Ooohhh - she says- " we have only suites available. A suite has two beds but it is the same price..."  Wow. At least the suite was clean, comfortable and quiet.
4	My room was nice. It had a small refrigerator, a microwave, and even two stove burners (which would have been really great if they had pots and pans). The AC was quiet and functioned well. I've been in better hotel exercise rooms, but you get access to the Y which is just a few minutes down the road. Good location near a mall, shops, and restaurants, but not so good if you want to be in the downtown area. Easy access to the beltline as well. My room was very dark and quiet which made for great sleeping. The TV seemed to have a mind of its own - the "previous channel" button on the remote didn't always go back to the previous channel and when I put in a channel number, it didn't always go to that channel.
5	Our stay at this Best Western was great all around! We aren't particularly fancy people when it comes to staying in hotels, but this one made us feel that way.The room we booked was the most basic and was very clean, spacious, and bigger than we thought (included a mini kitchen and two seating areas). We received a voucher for breakfast upon check-in. Thinking breakfast would be the same old rock-hard bagels and burnt waffle maker, we were pleasantly surprised to order, restaurant-style, meals like eggs and bacon and buttermilk pancakes, made to order. The staff was friendly and helpful. The hotel is located near major roads to get around the West side of Madison easily.
