3	Bakery Square or BKSQ is a new $150 million development on the site of the former Nabisco Plant in the Larimer section of the city by Walnut Capital of Shadyside. To me it's really sad how people are trying to take over and rename urban areas of the city. This area is now know as "Eastside" for East Liberty and Shadyside. As of right now there isn't to much open. On June 14, 2010 Urban Active Fitness opened a 47,000 square foot facility the first Urban Active location in Pennsylvania. Anthopologie, a women's clothing store is is open. Google Inc. is moving their CMU office to Bakery Square as well. Pottery Barn will be relocating to Bakery Square from Walnut Street in Shadyside. It will join sister store West Elm furniture. There is also a 110-room Marriott Spring Hill Suites hotel on site. Neiman Marcus is in talks of opening a mini, smaller version of one their stores on the site as well which would be the second Neiman Marcus in Pennsylvania besides the one in King of Prussia. A few restaurants are in the works as well. All in all BKSQ reminds me of a mini South Side Works. There is a large parking garage in the rear of the property as well. We'll see how it goes.
2	Bakery square was previously the nabisco Plant.  Several years ago  you could have dropped bomb here; no one would have cared about the forgotten residents of this community...  Anyway Bakery Square is textbook example of urban renewal.  Google, urban actives fitness and a quaint Little coffee shop (name escapes me)  are all located here. Adequate garage parking. Street level parking is more readily available at off peak times. Weekends   you'll have to compete with the horn honking  mercedes, braking BMW's and the Voltswagen gti driving; skinny Jean wearing yupsters for street parking. Good luck!
4	Give it some time- BS has a ton of potential. I already love my gym being here and Free People is one of my fave brands. Once they plant some more trees, and perhaps implement an outdoor seating area (they have one next to coffee tree roasters, but there is space and potential for another), it will seem more lively here. Also, there are several empty storefronts that should open soon. My vote? Sushi, a tapas/wine bar and Razzy Fresh! Oh, and maybe a hip little nail salon. Hang in there, BS!
2	I was so excited to come down here and see the shops and walk around, but when I got here it resembled a goast town.  There are not really any shops, and the only happening place seems to be a coffee shop which my mother and I did not even make our way into.  Hopefully soon this place grows, cause it looks really nice and has some potential.
2	I'm hoping that this place will eventually bring more life than what they do right now.  I really want to like it, but it's lacking something.I think once they add the residential part across the street that it'll liven up the area even more.  And with that it will probably bring some more interesting and diverse businesses to the area.  Until then, this is only a place to come if you have a purpose, not a place to come and hang out.(Those bikes would be awesome to use if everyone in the city could use them, not just the Google employees and CMU students)
5	It's lacking, but it's still a wonderful improvement to Larimer. I hope that with the Google apartments that the area will continue to grow. Larimer & Homewood need life. In the near future I hope to advance my interest in the area. We need more black people that are into urban design, renewal, & architectural landscape. When you have capital, capitalize and that's what I plan to do once I start making some money. Bakery Square is a good addition. There's so much more to Larimer now.
4	Bakery Square is a great place to put up guests for a wedding. Free 3hr garage parking, breakfast at Panera Bread (below Springhill Suites), shopping at Anthropologie and Free People, walk to Target, Staples, Trader Joes and McDonalds, and dinner/drinks at Social. Google offices on site.It's a lovely little place to stay and hang for a weekend. A nice addition to Pittsburgh.
3	Matthew (below) actually took the words right out of mouth here.  While this area seems like a perfect addition to the neighborhood and looks good superficially, there definitely is something missing. I did have high hopes for this area, and assumed that I would spend a bunch of time shopping, maybe joining the gym here, working at the Tree Roasters often; however, I never feel the need to come over here. In fact, every time I stop over here I'm a bit disappointed. Even though I hate overdevelopment, I hope this place gets some more meat on it in the next few years (how about a few more cool restaurants? A farmer's market? An independently owned bookstore?).
