2	I visited Dish 1st week of September. The one thing I realized about this place was how overpriced everything was. Breakfast burrito - $9? Grilled chicken that was laying out in the deli  (no sauce or condiments) $8? There is another place like Dish that sells the exact same chicken for $5. I order the pizza at the restaurant and it was a really salty. I should have just went to Domino's.I really had a hard time believing the prices they are charging for a grilled sandwich (almost $10) to pasta. Are you kidding me? Then I realized I'm in Scottsdale where people will eat anything in front of them as long as that place looks trendy (see Olive and Ivy). The concept is pretty good. You can pick up stuff for home if you don't have time to make anything. I think the prices are restaurant prices for a take out place. I think the location of Dish will attract considerable traffic. It's a huge place that offers pick up and a sit down restaurant. Most of the employees knew what they were talking about and were friendly. But, it's vastly overpriced for what they offer.Update 9/12/07: People have said that the food is pricey, but it's Scottsdale...so it comes with the territory. That's what's wrong with most people. Location should not justify the prices, the food should. Actually, I don't mind spending money if the food is worth it (in fact, my favorite local seafood restaurant is Wildfish, not inexpensive). But, the food is alright compared to the prices. If you're a bit lazy and can't make a sandwich yourself at home, then by all means..spend $10+ for a sandwich here.  I think this is definitely catering to the right crowd.  This place is a larger, overpriced LGO with marginal food. I've tried the pizza, grilled chicken sandwich, burrito, and sushi. All were OK.  Perhaps, I am fortunate that my client/work pays whenever I go there. I think there are other places I would go to spend my OWN money.I think Dish will do well because of it's location and because it is Scottsdale..where most people don't have a discerning taste bud.  One positive thing I will say is that it's a quick, easy place to get a meal and the employees seem knowledgeable about what they sell. So, if you're not in the mood to cook or even sure what to eat, but want a myriad of overpriced choices then Dish is for you. Again, this is a personal opinion. I'm not trying to offend anyone.
5	I drive past  this place at least once every day, and assumed it was going to be just another sit down overly trendy Gainey restaurant.  What it actually is completely surprised me.  The best way I can describe it is the deli counter at AJs on steroids.  Just from what I saw they have salads, sandwiches, a hot carving station, an ice cream counter, a bakery, sushi, gourmet cheese, wine and pretty much any kind of side you could want from hummus to pasta salad.Being in a rush, I opted for a ready made chicken ceasar .  Henri is right, it's not fast food-y type cheap ($9 for a meal-sized salad, and, i think, $6 without chicken), but it's also a lot better than you'd get from a drive-thru.  Along with the fresh greens and tasty dressing, you get nearly an entire chicken breast that actually tastes like someone tried to make it taste good, which is pretty unique for many take-away chicken ceasars.While mainly a take-away establishment, they do have some limited seating.So,  if you're like me and work in the Gainey area and are really looking to get away from fast food for lunch and a place where you can quickly grab a variety of different tasty things for lunch, this place is an awesome choice.  If you're looking for fine dining, you'll probably be disappointed.
4	Their full name is "Dish. A Food Experience."  And that is pretty much what it is.There is just so.much.food.  There are prepared meals, a deli part, a grill, groceries, a bakery,  fromaggier, desserts, wine, champagne, a coffee and breakfast bar and oh yeah, a full service bistro after 5.  The sandwich that I had was very good, all the ingredients fresh and the sourdough bread was delicious.  (I would go back to try some of their other breads.)  My husband chose sushi and found it to be ok, but it was probably a poor choice given all of the options available.  We split a Tuscan pasta salad that we didn't like, there was too much vinegar.  The desserts, however, were outstanding.  I chose one of their chocolate filled cupcakes and it was better than any cupcake I've had out here yet.  The tiramisu was also quite good, and my husband enjoyed his latte.  On our way out I noticed that they had individual s'mores which I will be trying on my next trip!It's a great place to stop for lunch, or maybe to pick up something for dinner if you don't feel like cooking.  I would also go back to get food if we were entertaining for cheeses and whatnot.Oh, and just so you know the map here on Yelp is wrong.  Its not on  the corner of Scottsdale and McDonald like it suggests, but its at the corner of Scottsdale and Gainey Ranch/Via de Ventura, which is further north.
5	I looked around the market part, but did not buy or eat anything. Instead we went to the restaurant/bar side and it was great.  They are a wine store, so when eating at the restaurant you can get bottles of wine for pretty cheap. It was only $18 for a bottle and the bread that comes on the table is amazing. The three of us ordered a pizza to split (this was a happy hour thing) and the pizza was so good. I can see how it is expensive if you buy things per pound in the market, but as for a restaurant, it was very reasonably priced and the food was delicious. THe bar part is totally seperate from the market so the atmosphere is really nice. I would definately go again
4	A good friend of mine actually works at Dish so I know they're open to feedback. If you think anything needs to be changed, they want to hear about it. They want this concept to work!Having said that, I love the idea of what Dish is doing and love most of their food. I find that some of it is too spicy (including, oddly enough, the fried rice and green beans), but most of it is delish. The pizza is really, really good (if you like thin crust) and the salads (plus house dressing) are great too. Don't forget to try one of their s'mores if you're looking for dessert. They make their marshmallows in-house (I didn't know anyone did that) and they're out of this world.
4	I love this place.They have the best DIY salads ever. I am seriously head over heels in love with the "create your own" salad concept. They also have a sandwhich station, which is like an awesome upscale Subway, as well as a pasta station. And the filled cupcakes. FILLED! My biggest complaint about most cupcakes in that all the yummy frosting is on top. Well, dish makes cupcakes with frosting in the middle. Heaven.Dish is clean, sunny and spacious with very friendly and helpful staff. I never have to wait too long in the salad line and they are really cool about letting you sample before you buy. I have not eaten in the formal sit down section of Dish, but the DIY stations, bakery, coffee bar and deli case are all top notch.Just thinking about Dish makes me want my butter lettuce/white bean/broccoli/asaparagus/roasted pepper/almond/cheese/shrimp salad with house dressing. So good.
4	Having been a frequent visitor of dIsh since it's inception (did it seem like the build out took forever?) I feel like it is time to knock out a review.  Overall, I've been impressed.  There were a few kinks to workout in the beginning---whose idea was the bulk food section?  And who can forget the floor debacle?  You'd walk into the dining room side and the floor was like a skating rink. Amazed that didn't result in a slip and fall lawsuit.  Now that they have a few months under their belts, I think they've begun to hit their stride.  The naan bread brisket sandwich is top of the recommend list (avoid the Reuben) and the salad and cold sandwich side has yet to disappoint.  For breakfast, I developed a serious addiction to the three blueberry pancakes---some of the best around.  My other frequent purchases are the hummus and the tabbouleh salad.  The only experience I've avoided so far is the sit down dinner service in the evening.  Frankly, I'd rather schlep the 25 yards down to bloom.  But never say never.....and when they start serving martini's (I've not heard anything re: their alcohol license---they had beer and wine at opening but weren't sanctioned for liquor) I imagine I will visit the bar a time or two.My advice to the dIsh executive suite (that's you Darren!)--Consider something late-night.  You've got a steady stream of people heading from Old Town to NoSco from 11ish to 2ish who are looking for an evening bite that is not In-N-Out.  Something to consider.......
3	For what it is, it's great. A gourmet style take out marketing with eat in dining area and bistro. I loved the look and feel of the market. It reminded me of Dean and Deluca in NYC. The one in Soho. I ordered a "malke your own salad" at the salad bar and a sushi roll. I was dying to try their sushi so I ordered both and took some to go. the salad bar was great I ordered tons of veggies, some cheese, a hard boiled egg and a piece of grilled chicken it was $8.  I think a fair price for a huge ass salad. The sushi on the other hand was mediocre. I ordered a spicy tuna roll and well I won't be getting sushi there again. The fish was fresh although the rice was not right. I'd say the sashimi would be a better bet. The did carry my favorite water from tuscany Acqua Panna although it seemed a bit pricing at $1.75 for the 16.9 oz bottle. Either way I recommend checking out dish. I think you'll agree it's a diamond in the rough.
4	This place is ambitious:  they bake their own bread, churn their own gelato, make salads, sandwiches, pastas and stir-fries to order, and offer a huge selection of gourmet grab and go foods.  Starting at 5pm, the bistro to the side offers a hit-list of American favorites like burgers and grilled tuna as well as a full bar.We chose to eat from the take-out side and ordered the fish of the day from the grill.  $8 includes two sides and a house-baked roll.  We ordered the salmon fillet grilled medium-rare with drunken beans (pinto cooked in beer) and mac-n-cheese.  By the time we had paid at the register and walked back to the grill, our food was ready,The salmon was cooked perfectly with nice char marks on the outside and pink on the inside.  The pinto beans were tasty enough to be a dish in itself.  The mac-n-cheese was actually fusilli-n-cheese which probably works better because the twists in the fusilli help it to stay al dente longer.We contemplated having the buttermilk panna cotta for dessert but when we saw that it didn't wiggle when shaken, we opted for the gelato instead.  3 bucks for a small cup of pistachio and coffee, which the guy behind the counter packed way high.We plan to come back for happy hour which is apparently offered all day on Thursday.
4	I really dig Dish!I would agree with all of the reviews that came before met that the salads are kick ass!  There are not too many places that you can design your own salad with every ingredient that you want, and it is always fresh and delicious!  I've also enjoyed the gourmet-to-go salmon, hummus, sweet potato, and beef ribs.  I've never been disappointed!So, it sounds like sushi is not their forte... I will stay away from that and stick to everything else. It's expensive, but it's exactly as the name says, "a food experience."  I've dined in the sit-down side once and food was good / service was slow... I've also had to wait a few times in the 'take-out' side for a cashier to open up and ring up my food.  Aside from those minor negatives, I'll continue to hit up the 'take-out' side for sure... as a matter of fact, i may make the drive over there for lunch today!
4	It's yuppie, full of rich White people and I love it.  The food is awesome (the Southwest burger with green chillies and avocado) and they have great specials and a full bar.  I can't comment on the groceries but I'm glad it's way up in North Scottsdale or I'd be there all the time.
4	They have good breakfast, who knew?  I must have driven by this place a zillion times (okay, that is clearly an exaggeration) , but never stopped in until one random Saturday morning after being, uhhhh... "stranded" at a "friends" house for the night.  He lived just up the street from dish, so we made our way there for breakfast.  The menu is limited, but my breakfast was excellent.  I also really enjoyed the modern decor.  I am not often in this part of town for breakfast, but it definitely has my approval.  Check it out.
4	Dish is.... closed!I was about to whip up a written tour of this gigantic and ambitious space, but it's too late.Looks like Dish had a severe case of bad timing: http://www.azcentral.com/ent/dining/articles/2008/07/14/20080714dishclosing.html Too bad, after the enormous investment and effort!
2	I give them a 2 not a 1 because they actually had the best ribs ever!. They were over priced and the corn bread and various other things had trans fat in it. I confronted the president to alert them of my finding. I told them I saw it listed in the ingredients on the corn bread. Then questioned why have a bakery and have fresh baked bread when your using the ingredients of a sit on the shelf forever and not go bad bread?She wrote back and told me they called the chef and they dont use it. WTF?Its on the ingredients on the package, you idiot.She didnt even know what was in the food so she told me a lie.Weird, they didnt even make a lot of the stuff there. Thats why she didnt know
