5	I went for an oil change because I had a coupon, called, made an appointment with no trouble. When I arrived, Randy greeted me and was very friendly, he said it would be about 30-45 minutes. Having been to a multitude of other service shops that always say that (and take much longer) I was prepared to wait it out for a while. My car was done in 25 minutes, granted I still had to pay so my total time there was about 35 minutes. I was very excited about this! I was told two things that were recommended to be done on my car but did not feel pressured to have the services performed right then and there or to schedule right away. I greatly appreciated the information and education they provided me in what I needed done. That in itself made me want come back!Great service!! There was a large waiting room with 2 couches, regular chairs and a rocking chair, with separate mens & women's bathrooms (although I did not go into the bathroom). Based on being a first time customer, Apache Sands gave a great first impression and I plan to return for future services!! Hopefully the next visits I have are just as good as this one!
1	Do yourself a favor, and call ANYONE else. I have dealt with dozens of tow truck companies over the years as a paramedic on the scene of accidents/extractions, Never have I been so blow away by the rudeness and incompetence of Apache Sands Towing..The driver, James, showed up to tow the vehicle and saw a bolt on the ground. So his opening statement was "I'm not towing this." I explained that the bolt was to hold the negative battery cable, which I had disconnected for safety. He contrinued to argue saying it might be something else, ie- Calling me a liar.He refused to listen to reason, I asked for a supervisor, he refused. James turned around, got in his truck, and drove away. Called the supervisor, who informed me their drivers can do whatever they want, and they have no control over them.I am a Firefighter/medic and my wife is a nurse, I can't believe they can treat public servants like this. Just avoid this place, use anyone else.ZERO stars.
1	Bad business practices. Do not use I repeat do not use! Can I give no Stars??
1	Called to confirm that the self-service car wash could be used for RV. NO ANSWER to several attempts.Then because the rig was filthy, I decided to go anyway. Got there fine but they have only one RV slot and the over head hoses caught on the air conditioner. After 15 mins of back-and-forth we went to buy tokens. Can't buy with credit card and the personnel informed us that we need to buy TOKENS with 1 or 5 dollar bills only.Asked for help but no one was interesed. Left with a dirty 5th wheel and will use a local mobil cleaning service.
1	First off before I rip into this shop let me say the people are nice. Very friendly bunch. However they are incompetent and not straight forward. I took my truck in because my check engine light was on and my radiator was clogged. Without going into detail of all my pain. I spent $2000 on new radiator, fuel injectors and to fix 1 engine cylinder. It took them 3 weeks. The first week they kinda fixed it and then I had it for 1 day and took it back because the check engine light came back on. After two more weeks without a car I got my truck back. The check engine light came back on after 2 days and I decided to just deal with it. Even though I could of taken my truck back for a 3 try I just cut my losses and could not deal with them again. The reason for this review is to tell everyone what happens when you go to a competent shop. About a year later I took my truck to a different shop, http://www.greulichs.com/. I had the same issue with my check engine light. They told me up front how tricky it was to fix a miss firing cylinder. I left the truck with them. They took a look and called me. Told me two cylinders are not firing at all. Told me it would take 3 days. 3 days later I got my truck back as good as new. They replaced 2 of the new fuel injectors (had gone bad because of the poor install from Apache), replace the radiator hoses (Apache installed a new radiator but did not replace the hoses, crazy), machined the cylinders and replaced all the needed parts. Got my truck back in 3 days. Very happy with Greulichs in North Phoenix. I basically paid two shops to fix the same problem. First shop failed and second shop was fantastic.
1	Very bad company to go to for anything! I tried renting a uhual truck from Apache sands and had THE most horrible experience in my life. First off I was told the truck was gonna be $19.95 a day! It ended up being $39.95. Then after doing the walk around I point out all the dings on the truck to make sure I don't get charged for damages that were already there. Mark seems to get mad at me for pointing them out..like WTF. I brush it off and decided to rent anyway. Upon returning the truck Mark tried charging my for damages I pointed out when I rented the Da#m truck!! In conclusion don't go there for ANYTHING they are rip offs.
5	This is for the Uhaul part of the store. I arrived on Saturday about 30 minutes early to pick up my Uhaul truck for a move. The guy said my truck wasn't there yet but I was early so I said I would wait. As soon as I sat down, I heard him call the previous person who had my soon to be truck and asked her when it would be back and reminded her that she was supposed to have turned it in already. The person apparently said she wasn't brigining it back any time soon. Rather than me having to argue which you usually do when something doesn't go right, he fixed it. He told me I could have the larger truck for the same price plus discounted the gas/miles charges. No argument, no trying to worm his way out of it, just good customer service. He fixed it and made it worth my while for the inconvienience. I returned it to the drop box yesterday when they were closed and had an emailed invoice to me this morning bright and early. Great customer service. They even called when they got my rental information when I booked it online and confirmed.
1	I keep defending this company because it is linked to AAA and I hope they would be helpful and honest.  After 2-3 questionable service visits, I started to have doubts.  Today I told my wife to take my car, which my teenage daughter drives, by Desert Sands to have them read the check engine light.  When she went in she was told she would need an appointment and it may be tomorrow or the next day-JUST TO READ THE LIGHT.  My wife told them she was with AAA and offered her card and was told it did not matter, she would need an appointment.  I told her to take it to AAMCO on Southern and Ellsworth which she did.  Even though they were incredibly busy, the gentleman behind the desk came out and read the light (which took 15 seconds).  He told  my wife it was the gas cap (which I figured but did not want to take a chance with my daughter) and that if it continued, the seal may be bad and I should buy a new one.  No charge, in and out.  I don't know why Desert Sands could not have helped my wife but I will not be going back and will make sure and let AAA know the low quality of service one receives there.
1	Incompetent!  All four wheels on the drive way, please.  It's not too much to ask!
4	I had need of a tow the other day, and my insurance company called this company. The time was set for them to be at my location at 09:15. I called to verify as per my insurance and was told yep!. I was also sent a text verifying as well as giving me the position of the wrecker, which showed on the map, about 5 miles from my location. To make a long story short, the tow arrived 1 hour later, and up until I called and asked what was going on, the wrecker that I saw on the map never moved... Beware of tracking devices in your vehicles!  Anyway I got my vehicle towed, the driver "Charlie" was courteous, and friendly... Yea I'd use them again.....
5	Needed a tow tonight. Kurt was the driver who came down to take my vehicle to an auto repair shop. He fixed my car on the spot and saved me some money. Thank you Kurt for being so friendly and helpful.
