3	Look, there's nothing healthy for you at Bojangles--or nothing you'd order, at least. You know that going on. You're probably going to feel a little sick or regretful after your meal. You know that going in, too. But still, this place makes the tastiest, worst food. I can't help but go back time and time again, even if it's just to reward myself for good behavior. There's a lot to love about Bojangles, this location in particular. As you'd expect, this location is super clean and, well, pretty fast; you get your food in a timely fashion, which makes the crowds less intimidating. The fries are to die for: supremely seasoned and pipin' hot. My girlfriend lives and dies by Bojangles biscuits, so be sure to grab one if you can. While their chicken sandwiches are awesome, I love their tenders too; I often combine these with a meal of mashed potatoes and/or slaw. Again, probably the least healthy option in the world, but as far as fast food--what a tasty option.
5	Ah! Back in the land of the Southern Breakfast Biscuit! Oh how I have missed you my little Bojangles!!!! Back in high school, we'd stop by a Bojangles almost every morning for their yummy biscuits - the perfect way for a Southern Belle to start her day After moving to San Fran, I sadly discovered they had no Breakfast Biscuits of any kind & certainly NO Bojangles (there is also no Dunkin Donuts, but that's another review) So when work brought me to Charlotte, I squealed like a little schoolgirl when I saw not one but TWO Bojangles near where I'm staying! Beware this location does not serve breakfast all day - but they do serve the biscuits But this doesn't even distract me from a full-on 5 star review b/c I stopped by in the morning for my Egg & Cheese Biscuit & again in the afternoon for their Seasoned Fries That biscuit was the doughiest, fluffiest, buttermilkiest biscuit I've had in like forever Their fries are the BEST on the planet, hands down & those of you who are lucky enough to have Bojangles in your lives know what I'm talking about....crispy on the outside & mooshy on the inside w/ a TON of seasoned salt.  Sccccccrumptious!!! No diet food here - only the most delish down-home southern fried treats around!! I HEART Bojangles!!!
5	This fast food chain serves the best priced and best tasting breakfast foods HANDS DOWN! Take your pick from sandwiches, bo rounds, anything on the menu really. One of my favorites is the bo berry biscuit... it's almost too good!
5	This is some juicy chicken. I had the 2-piece white with fries, biscuit and Sierra Mist for lunch yesterday. Even the cashier made jokes with me. It's right in the bus depot so you won't miss it. There is a seating area for those who aren't rushing.
5	The biscuits are to die for.  Seriously.  The bo berry biscuits are good if you want something sweet (and I mean sweet), but you can't beat just a plain, melt in your mouth biscuit.  Service is good, too.  Can't remember a time when anyone's gotten my order wrong.  You can count on them to get it right.
2	I did some research, saw great reviews for this place and decided to try while on a trip. I love fried chicken, biscuts and potatoes so thought this was right up my alley.I went for breakfast.  The service was fast, but bottom line I wasnt impressed with the food. I got the fried chicken biscut with potatoes.  The fried chicken really didnt have any great flavor or juiciness to it. Yes the biscuts were good. The potatoes were like tater tots. Not what I expected for breakfast and nothing better than the average tater tot. No ketchup? I went back and asked for hot sauce which made it all tollerable. It wasnt horrible, it just wasnt great. If you're looking for great fried chicken I wouldn't say this is the place.
