4	So they just got done redoing this place and it looks way better. It has a restaurant portion and a bar area. This is a great place to enjoy a Finger Cordon Bleu. It's a chicken served up to whatever hotness you want and topped with swiss cheese, ham served on a toasted bun, served up with some fat fries. My suggestion get it hot, with cheddar cheese instead of swiss and forget the ham and ask them to serve it up with some onion rings instead. It is awesome, they have a lot of repeat customers, cause the server knows a lot of the names of the people dining and the customers know the servers name. You cant beat that. The menu is your common all american menu with steak, burgers, sandwiches and some pasta.
5	This place has always been a great neighborhood hide-out.  I frequent them for lunch.  Great soups.  Friday is chowder, though.  I'm not a chowder guy, so I can't speak for it.  But the Beef Barley, Vegetable Beef, Chicken Noodle are all excellent.  What I like about this place is that it is not high profile.  The people that go there are regulars, and the wait-staff will learn your name, drink, and order.  I have been a customer for ~5+ years.  It is even better since the remodel.  The remodel was a forced thing, to come into compliance with the recently passed no-smoking-in-restaurants law.  While many establishments griped about this, many did like LL and remodeled as needed.  And they are better for it.  Now that the restaurant side is smoke free, it solves the one complaint I had.  My personal lunch is the Philly French Dip, Steak Fries (Cajun Style), and a bowl of soup.  Plan B is the Chicken Cordon Blue sandwich, which is downright guilty.I reserve 5 stars for only my favorite haunts, and this is one of them.
4	Neat little hideaway in front of a manmade lake.I love how the restaurant is separated from the bar, but you can see into the bar.Weekly specials. happy hour. They even had specials for thanksgiving and valentines day,probably more, but i happened to go in during those times.My breakfast burrito was huge=two meals.really friendly service.
4	Secret gem hidden in a residential neighborhood. Interior is clean and inviting. Seating is pretty limited so expect to wait if you arrive during peak hours. Great Steak & Eggs or Steak sandwhich for $5.99, but it doesn't taste like it was $5.99. Service is always tops and you know a place is good when servers know customers by name. My parents love this place so much they sometimes go 5 plus times a week. Nothing on the menu is breathtaking just your normal family restaurant food. Great prices, fantastic specials, and consistently good services. In a town like Vegas you can't beat that.
3	The food is tasty and better than what I expect when going to a local bar. When I complimented the blue cheese dressing, our waitress told us it was made there fresh, and that quality seemed to extend to everything we ordered. In my experience the service is usually not that great, though.
4	always there when I get off work and need a nice sandwhich to feel me up. Nice staff and love the view of the lake
4	Great neighborhood hideaway.  Ample portions.  Soups are always good.  Great comfort food. Service is fast and friendly.  The pot pie is so rich and creamy.  Specials every night, most under $10.  Meatloaf, chicken, or turkey and stuffing are tasty!
5	Menu items are great and prepared to perfection.
4	Inexpensive food that is worth your money! The food is good, service is good; therefore, my tummy is always satisfied whenever I'm here. The portions are enough to fill you up and maybe more.
4	Oh yeah, of like coming here for their specials and low priced menu. For being very affordable, the quality and the quantity of the food will not disappoint.  It's a favorite among senior citizens, but I see all other age groups come here as well.  I love the Ribeye Steak, and I come on Fridays or Saturdays for the Prime Rib special.  Oh so delicious!!!!
5	5.99 steak and eggs aaaaammmaazing.
4	Yummy deliciousness in a dive bar...what's not to like about that!
4	I hadn't been here in 4+ years, but was pleasantly surprised.  It was nicely renovated, which it really needed, and they still have the best deal in town with their steak sandwich.  Service was a little slow, but the bartender was obviously not a "professional".  Id definitely go back.
4	Fun neighborhood place. We always go as a group on Mondays for the baby back rib special. This is not gourmet, just good food. The ribs are so tender they practically fall off the bone. The special includes salad, baked beans, fries, and corn on the cob. Great service too.
4	Great hole in the wall with great food.  Video poker pays decent and James is the man to see behind the bar.  Russ is cool too.  Just a great neighborhood place... the kind of bar you don't find in Vegas very often.
5	I gave this place five stars based on the basics that I expect:  good food, good service, and a reasonable price.  I'm always on the lookout for a reasonable restaurant to grab something with my wife and daughter and this place is great.  Decor is nice and its comfortable and it doesn't smell like stale smoke as so many places do when they're connected to a bar.
5	Dont let the exterior fool you, this place is great!  My husband and I have been going here for years.  We eat breakfast here at least twice a week.  I can say that everything on the menu is delicious because i have tried it all.  We love bringing our 1 year old daughter here, the staff is friendly and the food is yummy.  A must try for sure...
5	Great neighborhood pub. The place is way nicer inside than it appears outside. The drinks were spot on and the food was yummy, even at 4AM. The staff was friendly and provided great service.
4	We've eaten here 4-5 times in the last 6 months.  Food is always good, service too.  It is much nicer decor than one would expect from the outside.  The dining area has booths and tables and under 21's can eat as it is glass walled off from the bar area.  Bar is compact but sufficient.  Great place if you live nearby.
4	Our absolute favorite neighborhood place! We try to go at least twice a month!  The breakfast is amazing  and super cheap!!  And the chicken parm sandwich is a great dinner!!  The service is a little slow but the food makes up for it!  Even though its a little slow the staff is always very friendly!  The outside looks like a dive but inside is so elegant and cozy feeling!
3	Small parking lot.Small dining room.Great price.Decent food.Friendly service.I would have given this place 4 stars if the sirloin steak was done better. I loved everything else but the steak itself was not good at all.
5	Living in the Lakes for 10 years, I never took advantage of how close it was from home and how cozy and delicious this place truly is. I have since moved to green valley and still manage to drive 30 miles just for their amazing food and a sence of home, the staff is so friendly and hard working, the food is great and well priced, and they've managed to separate their bar and restaurant with a smoke free wall dividing the 2 sides. weather your in the mood for a beer and some bar food, wine and a steak, breakfast after church on a sunday or just some really good food and awesome service, the Lakes lounge is the place to go! My Favorite restaurant in all of Las vegas!
5	AWESOME prices on food and they brew their own beer!! Usually an older crowd (from my experience, anyway). They have a pretty big menu and a different special every day (call to find out what it is and GET THERE EARLY - they run out of it!). If you're a craft beer junkie, it's a reasonable place to have something other than a Bud Light.
3	My son and I were on the hunt for a new, delicious, lunch spot, so the Yelp app lead us here. "The Lakes" is a beautiful community, so we were definitely wanting to check out a restaurant surrounding the lake. We landed on "Lakes Lounge".The outside of the restaurant is "vintage", if you will, like something you would see outside a boat yard in Santa Monica. It was a nice change of scenery, compared to everything else in Vegas. We walked in and grabbed a comfy booth. Our server was Margaret, and she was very nice. I asked for her opinion on some items, and I narrowed it down to their "Famous Chicken Pot Pie"(refer to pic). I added a "House Salad"(refer to pic), for $1.99, which was delicious. When the pot pie came out, it looked incredible! It was gigantic, and had a beautiful, buttery, layer of crust on top that makes your mouth water, just wondering what treasure you'll discover inside. MmmMm, is what I was thinking, while patting myself on the back for the good choice. As soon as I put my spoon to the crust, it was like a symphony! Beautiful sounds of perfectly baked, fluffy crust, flaking so effortlessly apart, but this is where the symphony had a few miss notes, and maybe a sneeze or two from the conductor. The pot pie looked as though is was made with an over abundance of heavy cream, which was odd to see.  From the first bite the pot pie was so overpoweringly creamy, I was literally hoping it was a joke.. like, that is what they do here. They give you a terrible first bite and then the food is incredible. This was not the case, unfortunately. I couldn't eat more than 10 bites(refer to pic). It was very disappointing, because I'm a hugh lover of pot pie's.After not eating much, Margaret brought over some boxes for my sons food and she took mine away, saying, sorry she wished I had enjoy it more. I didn't ask for it to be removed from the bill, but she was awesome enough to give that kind of guest service, where she knew it was needed. Thank you Margaret, I appreciate it. They definitely have integrity, and i will always try a place again when they show that. 3 stars for now. I will definitely be back for some different items.
5	This place is my new spot. It's low key, never crowded, and has really good food for the price. I think I've been here 4 times in the last two months. Everything that I've orderd I enjoyed and it's always been a good experience...
4	This hidden gem definitely caters to locals. From the outside, one might be concern about going in with the tinted windows and two front doors to have to enter. Once inside the restaurant side, it's a nice relaxing, clean, and updated vintage ambience. Waitresses are great. Food came out timely. People are friendly.I ordered the chicken pot pie. Superb! Hands down delicious. The crust is light and crispy. Their fillings are just perfect -- not too heavy. They're also known for their fish and chips -- known for 25 yrs : )Will go back here again if I'm craving for the pot pie and am in the area.
5	This place is great!  Fantastic customer service and the food is even better.  The omelets are awesome!  Would definitely recommend to anyone.  Will come again!
5	I thought I had found a real gem until I discovered that most of my friends already were frequent patrons at The Lakes Lounge Restaurant. The restaurant and gaming bar have separate entrances and air handling systems so there is no smoke at all in the restaurant area. The steak sandwich at $7 is a steal. It's a decent steak on a good crusty roll accompanied by either fries, coleslaw or onion rings. My friends swear by the fish and chips stating that the tartar sauce is the best they've ever had. I saw the French onion soup last night and know my wife would love it as she's a fan of that soup. The service has always been friendly and attentive. For a restaurant at a gaming bar I don't see how you could do better.
4	Looks like this will become a regular haunt, and we haven't eaten yet!!We found this place by searching Yelp, since we couldn't find the restaurant we set out to go to.  Talk about unassuming -  when we entered the front door, it felt as if we were on Let's Make a Deal:  should we choose what was behind Door #1 or Door #2?  They were marked, so it was a no-brainer, but it sure seemed strange.We were greeted and seated right away, and were instantly impressed by the friendliness of the waitresses.  The good impression continued when we looked at the menu, and couldn't believe the prices.  I can't remember the last time I saw a half-carafe of house wine at a restaurant, and even back then, it always cost more than the price of two glasses of wine.  Here it was less!  The house wine is Barefoot, and it's our favorite cheap wine.I ordered Chicken with Spinach and Portobello mushrooms, and was easily able to substitute mashed potatoes for the rice pilaf.  This is the rare time that the live dish actually looked better than it did in the menu's photo, which looked like canned spinach.  But no, this was fresh, and the mashed were homemade and had what seemed to be scallions.  The chicken was very good, but could have benefited from a minute or two less cooking.  Hubby had the blackened wild salmon.  Usually the first ingredient in the blackening seasoning is salt, so I pass it up.  But this time it wasn't overly salty.  Bravo!!  I like my salmon slightly undercooked, so my comment for the chicken goes for the salmon, too.  But Mr. +1 likes all his food cooked until rigor mortis sets in, so it was perfect for him.  It did taste wonderful.  His salmon came with fresh mixed vegetables, and he stayed with the rice pilaf, and left no grain uneaten.Both entrees were supposed to come with soup or salad, but we were told at the outset that the soup had been all slurped up and was gone; it was a cheeseburger soup, so I guess we were better off not having the opportunity to ingest all those calories. I know at least one of us would have gotten it, and the other of us would have tasted it, then tasted again.  We did get a perfectly ordinary iceberg salad with excellent homemade dressings, and found out later that next time we can ask for romaine.Our waitress, Robin, was perfect, and funny, too.  We had a thoroughly enjoyable experience and a very good meal.  The best part was the absence of sticker shock at the end.  We'll go back soon, and often, to what other Yelpers have described as a hidden gem.  It is for sure!!
4	The hidden gem in Summerlin! This is a little restaurant (separated from the gaming side) hidden by the Lake in Summerlin. We didn't expect much from this place but after reading the great reviews and it being so close to our home we had to try it.IT WAS GREAT. Here's why......- Friendly staff! Always smiling and it's a relief to see people working in F&B in Las Vegas that look like they are genuinely happy.- The food. I'm sorry to say but I didn't expect great food. I was mistaken. Everything we tried was pretty dang good. The breakfast burrito was great. The club sandwich was huge and great tasting. The quesadilla was maybe my favorite I've ever had, with the peppers inside, the crema on top and it wasn't greasy at all. Corn beef hash was also good. The eggs and bacon may be the downfall for them. They seem like they are instant and the bacon was majorly overcooked. Looking forward to trying the chicken pot pie and some other things there!- Price. It is VERY fair.This place feels like a little local spot back home for us. So for that and the other reasons I listed, we will be coming back...... a lot. =)
5	This is one of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas. It has amazing food for the price. I am also weary writing this review because I don't want that many people to know about it.
5	Another day, another visit to Lakes Lounge, and another great experience.This time our waiter wasn't funny, the way our waitress was last time, but he was just fine - attentive and efficient.  Despite the 112 degree temps, we both decided to have soup.  The home-made beef barley was chock-full of tender beef and vegetables, and filled me up before the main course arrived.  I ordered the day's special, meat loaf - two large slices - which came with mashed potatoes and fresh sauteed vegetables.  Unfortunately, the veggies were drowning in salt, and the waiter offered to have the kitchen prepare plain steamed ones.  He returned two minutes later with a plate of veggies big enough to feed a small country.  Needless to say, I had the clairvoyance to know what I was going to have for dinner 24 hours later!Hubby had the Fish and Chips, got 'em with sweet potato tots, and can't wait to go back and order it all over again.Another successful sojourn to Lakes Lounge!
4	The burgers here are REALLY good, you can basically build your own fresh grilled burger and they will make it for you :) loved it!
4	This place is the best. Right by The Lakes, small and dark, and consistently quiet even when it's busy. The same staff have been here forever, like Russ and Darren. Each day is a different featured dinner, and they're all so good they sell out by like 9pm. Went recently after hearing my bf and his homeboy reminisce and rave about this place after moving away from Vegas, and it did not disappoint.  Ordered the chicken fried chicken with veggies and mashed potatoes with white gravy and a bowl of the French onion soup.And it was all amazing. The chicken was well seasoned, flavorful and moist, the mashed potatoes were better than your grandmas and went perfect with the chicken. The veggies were steamed with a delicious seasoning blend and weren't soggy or overlooked at all.Oh and the French onion soup? It's the best I've ever had. If you've had a bad order of French onion soup, this place will redeem the soup and restore your faith in the tastiness of onions. No joke.The service is great, there are plenty of TVs to watch a game, and there is zero obligation whatsoever to socialize. Love that- sometimes I want tasty food and/or a drink, but I don't want to look presentable or communicate in any way outside of grunting. This place fits the bill and then some- their house amber is delicious, and the fact that they have their own beers on draft is pretty killer.Come on Fridays and Saturdays for prime rib, or do Wednesday's pot roast. Come early though, or they'll run out. And don't bother with a house side salad, it's the only menu item that is completely pointless. You're not here to be healthy anyway.
4	Our new mother-daughter dinner place to go. Food was very good and fast. service was perfect. Definitely recommend coming here!
1	The reason it is so dark is to hide the filth... Yuck!  Not impressed in the least... Staff are slow... Surprised the Lakes would have such a hole in their community.  Greasy spoon.
4	The smallest place I've been to in Vegas. Staff is friendly enough I guess. No happy hour which is rare in Vegas. I got the moz and mush chic sandwich. Fantastic. Pretty cheap all things considered. Don't know if I'll become a regular but I'm sure I'll be back.
1	We went to the Lakes Lounge for a late supper. The restaurant was closed so we ate in the bar. We got 2 Bloody Mary's, the steak sandwich, and the fish and chips. Not quite what we had anticipated based on the previous reviews. There is a saying we have been learning since moving to Vegas and that is you get what you pay for. Well, we paid $25 bucks, so.... Needless to say we won't be returning.
5	Off the beaten path, would have never found this place had it not been for my best friend who is a local.  Little bit of a wait, but totally worth it.  Don't let the location fool you, this is a hidden gem.  I have been different times of the night, and quality of the food is always consistent.  Never any "late-night leftover" taste.  If you go at 5pm or 5am you'll be pleased with the service and the food.  BEST pot pie I have ever had!!  EVER!!! Friendly staff. All the food was great, second favorite was the French Dip...Can't say enough good things about this place
5	So I am kind of bias because I have been eating here for ten plus years, but if you want good to above average food at reasonable prices without the scuminess that comes with practically ever pub in town this is the place.  I love that it is tucked away in the Lakes like some secret, because it is!  The average person would pass by a hundred times and never know it was there.  My dad took me here one day randomly as he had been eating there for many years with his friends after golf, and it is now the place I take anyone from out of town or new friends.  My favorite meal is probably a common one, the steak sandwich.
4	Had lunch here for the first time and was pleasantly surprised.  Hidden in the lakes,  a gaming lounge with separate dining area.  Dark and cozy,  small dining area with one server and one busser. I had their corned beef and cabbage with Irish potatoes and carrots.  It was served with soup or salad.  Portion size was hefty as I took home a third of it for later.  The corned beef had a lot of flavor and the sides were soft not mushy.  My husband had the prime rib dip which included some green peppers and onions to add for a more flavorful sandwich.  It came with sweet potato tater tots which was delicious.  Service was fast and friendly and the gaming side looked rather busy too.  We will definitely be back.
5	3/23 9am party of 4 - Breakfast today everything was perfect food and service. We will be back for sure... Secret hide out...
1	I would do no stars if I could, but I can't. This place is hidden away in a dark corner. We walked in the dining room got weird looks from the server that was sitting with some guess, then another server asked how many? No greeting then the third server waived us down and asked "are u sure this seat will be okay?". I responded with I've never been there so any seat is fine. We sat at a wet table with dirty seats. So then the server asked me what I would like to drink, when I responded with coke she said "oh yeah our soda machine isn't working". Then my boyfriend asked "you have NO soda?", she said no just water and tea. That's when I got up and said its a deal breaker to have nothing other than water and tea. I will not be going back there.
5	The breakfast chicken fried steak at midnight on a Tuesday after work is amazing!  Mark the grave Bartender is outstanding.!
4	Although breakfast stops at 2PM, I couldn't be too upset because well... We waited until 2:30 to eventually get somewhere for breakfast. That's totally on us. My girlfriend was a bit upset, but I had to remind her... Seriously... We didn't get somewhere for BREAKFAST by past lunch time hahaI've been wanting to try this place for awhile since we just moved into the very near neighborhood, and it has some pretty good reviews. It being near the lakes, being called a lounge, and open 24 hours... I imagined some sort of diner type place. Well, I was mistaken. First of all, on the outside, it's nothing special to look it. Honestly if I wasn't navigating there from Yelp, I might have just not seen it. My girlfriend and I were a little hesitant, but I figured hey, it's got good reviews and I've never let a dive type place stop me from enjoying food! (See: The Waffle House).We swing the door open to the dining side of the place, and wow! Much different than imagined. As noted by others, very dark, but it was nice. You can see the pictures, nice stone walls, all the furniture looked new, just an overall cozy nice atmosphere. I would have preferred a window, but seeing as how there was a glass wall between the bar and gambling area, I'm sure they were looking to keep the whole place dark at all times. We grabbed the menu, swam in some self pity about the breakfast situation, and then ordered some lunch. I got the lakes cordon bleu, and man, was that sandwich good. It was under 8 bucks, and came with plenty of sweet potato tots (which were really sweet potato-y!)I mean, drenching it in buffalo wing sauce was just a beautiful touch, and the frying on the chicken was perfect. Seriously, I'm salivating right now imagining having it again. It was just that well done. We also got some coffee that was pretty good too. One big reason we will be back, the value of this place is nuts! I saw fettuccine Alfredo on the menu, and read 10.99. I was thinking wow that's incredibly cheap.... Then saw that was for added chicken! The normal one is 7.99! Definitely going here for a super affordable dinner in the very near future.
4	I just moved to the Lakes area and needed something to eat late at night that wasn't Roberto's. Bar food is usually a good option and this place didn't disappoint. I ordered the fish tacos with a side of cajun fries. The portions were so ridiculously large, I couldn't finish it all. At $4.99, the fish tacos were a steal. They were gigantic! What you get are 3 large fish and chips-style pieces of fried fish served on a tortilla with cole slaw on top. It's not the most Mexican in the world - there is no pico de gallo, cilantro, or anything else you'd expect on a fish taco - but the size and flavor make up for the authenticity. The fries were your basic steak fries with a Cajun-style seasoning. I'm more of a light seasoning type of guy (potatoes taste great on their own, damn it!), so if you're like me you should ask for a light sprinkle next time (but please, call it something a little tougher than "a light sprinkle") To add to the allure, their $2 happy hour specials (3pm - 7pm) are great and include Ellis Island beer on tap. The bartender was really nice and attentive to my needs and everyone else in the bar at the time. I will definitely come back for sure!
5	My boyfriend and I have become regulars and always get the fish tacos! We love this place!  Best in town! And great prices. The servers are all friendly. Ask about the specials too!
5	Used Yelp to find a restaurant near grandparents for lunch.This place was great. Don't let the "lounge" name, the out of the way location or the secret dual door thing fool you. This is good, fresh food and a friendly staff. Our table had the fish and chips and the pot pie, both were winners.We definitely have a regular spot when visiting the grandparents in what I like to call "the other Vegas".
3	I live on the lake and decided to stop by for lunch. It was very cool how I could dock my boat and walk up right to it. The good was good and it was a good atmosphere. A great place to stop by for lunch.
5	I live in the area and frequent the lounge quite often. For breakfast I recommend the skillets. The sandwiches and salads are fantastic and the daily specials have all been good. My preference is the prime rib on Fridays and Saturdays. The staff is attentive and they do their best to beat the rush especially on Sunday mornings.
5	Love this place. Food is great. Service is great. And the Cheeseburger soup is awesome
4	From the look of it, this place doesn't look all that great. On the outside, it looks almost shady and you're kind of confused for a moment. You step inside and there's a sign that tells you to seat yourself. The restaurant is split in the middle with a glass wall. One side is the bar and the other side is for dining. Honestly I believe it looks tacky as hell. Everything was really, really cheap. My party of three totalled only $23!! I ordered fettuccine Alfredo with the creamy wild rice chicken soup. The soup and alfredo was sooooooo good. I was really surprised. The food here was surprisingly good. Don't let appearances fool you. Service was average. I do love how fast they were and how fast our food came out. We barely even waited unlike other places.
5	Great place for locals. Also great prices on food and drinks not to mention the food is excellent never had any problems with these guys love this place
4	Prices are great! For appetizer we got chips and salsa. Chips were hot and crispy and the salsa was delicious. For entree I got a 8 oz steak and eggs (6.99) and my partner got a steak sandwich (too large to finish) and was also 6.99. Steak was perfectly cooked to medium-rare and I love their potatoes. And my total came out to be $18. I deducted a star because of how small the place was and there was a line for those awaiting for seats. Service was great but it took awhile for them to get to our table in terms of taking our order and getting the bill. Overall, me and my friend had a great time and wouldn't mind going back!
4	Been going here for five years and we still love it. Breakfast is great, super fluffy pancakes and delicious Texas Toast French Toast. The biscuits and gravy is also decent. The lakes burger is great, make sure to ask for a side of chicken gravy for your fries!! Saturdays, they serve Cheeseburger soup, sounds weird, but it's fantastic, creamy cheddar soup with beef. Goes great with a cold winter day. We usually order that with the steak and baked potato special. The only downside, is the small amount of space, they for sure need to expand. It can get busy here. One thing I have to appulaud them for, is that they installed a glass window to separate the bar from the restaurant. We are unable to smell cigarettes which is great in my book.
5	This place is awesome, not only for drinking but the food is great for a great price. Their Cajun steak fries are why I make sure to go here every once in a while.
3	For is good very hit and miss on certain items. Service has really gotten bad. Gone here for years but I think servers have gotten too relaxed in their jobs
3	I was a little let down. Why would you promote being in the lake if there is NO view of the lake from inside? Bummer!Food was ok. Wasn't awful yet nothing to "write home" about. Service was descent and the interior is definitely not what you would anticipate based off the outside appearance. It's much better inside! I love that the bar area is deprecated by large glass windows, keeping the smoke out of the dining area.Probably won't return, just because it was just an uneventful experience overall. It wasn't bad, just BLEH.
5	I wasn't expecting much as I work graves and many small gaming bars have steak and egg specials - usually kinda gross steaks, but here for I think $6.99, I got an 8oz NY Strip steak cooked to the right temp, seasoned well, and not a crappy cut of meat like most S&E "specials", tender & overall yummy! It also came with eggs (also cooked to perfection), fried breakfast potatoes, and choice of toast! My friend got a build your own omlet and was very pleased as well! Thumbs up! Will definitely return again soon!
5	Great food , great prices, got the N.Y steak and eggs for 6.99 can't go wrong with that . Cooked perfectly . The service is excellent and the atmosphere is quaint and quiet. Walking distance from our apartment . Glad I'm a regular. Treat yourself and go to this lakes gem.
4	Who knew this place was so popular? From the outside, this lakeside shanty-looking building looks like it should be condemned. But step inside and you'll see a well decorated interior with stone and glass, comfortable booths, large TVs,  and plenty of folks who seem to be regulars.On the menu are plenty of comfort food items like chicken pot pie ($8.99) and fried chicken ($7.99). With its flaky, golden crust covering a velvety smooth cream sauce with plenty of vegetables and chicken, the pot pie instantly brought back fond childhood memories of eating the dish. Almost as good was the fried chicken dish consisting of half a chicken, each piece hand breaded and fried into a course, well seasoned crust. If you want something healthier, try the Lakes chicken ($10.99). Sauteed in lemon, white wine and butter, it's served with a vegetable medley and rice pilaf. Located in the Lakes, steps away from Those Guys Pies, this is one place the regulars are probably hoping won't be discovered. Reasonable prices, large portions, and above average food provide plenty of bang for your buck and a reason to return.
5	This place makes my favorite chicken fingers!!! So delicious and tasty!!! I like to mix the honey mustard with ranch. So good. My boyfriend and I used to frequent here more often when Dale was the bartender. All new people now. Didn't even see new Mark last time. :( I'll still go though cuz they have the best chicken fingers in Vegas!
3	The in-laws discovered this place a few years ago. Back then, it really was a "hidden gem." Although the entire plaza has always looked old and ghetto. The food wasn't outstanding, but it was good enough and you had no reason to complain about the prices. Sadly over the years and more recently, I feel like the quality of their food has gone downhill.I have ordered a variety of food here, but nothing really stands out. The fried shrimp has never let me down. But then again, fried shrimp pretty much tastes the same everywhere. I do like the sweet potato tots and they do give you a generous portion of them. The clam chowder that I had once was tasty and my husband said that the fish and chips was good here. Some of the things I didn't like was the chicken parmesan, which was very bland and the grilled wild salmon. The salmon was alright, but the rice pilaf was horrible and the mixed veggies were dry. Service is usually friendly and attentive, although there were a few times that we waited long to be seated and to order. In my experience, both the service and food are bad on Friday nights. They have a bar side which is open 24 hours, and the dining room side which is open daily from 7am to 9pm. So the Lakes Lounge is definitely affordable and gives you big portions, but they need to work on the quality and taste of their food. I don't think I'll be back anytime soon. Honestly, you will be better off going to Denny's and ordering from their $2, $4, $6, $8 value menu!
4	Yum yum yum... This place is great, for females watching their girlish figure.. And those who are ready to indulge in comfort food.  I usually order a Cesar salad with grilled salmon or shrimp.. It has bar/gaming seats only.. Smokey though...know. For pot pie and fish and chips...It's often packed bc there is tables... sometimes we have to head to porchlight grille... Another great option for late night dining..
3	I sat myself. Was greeted by a girl who took my drink order. The drink came immediately. I sat and waited 7 minutes until I saw someone who resembled a waitress. She then took a large party order who was seated AFTER me. I am on a time restriction with my lunch time so I verbalized this to the waitress after I placed my order (at this point I couldn't down the Caesar salad because I wouldn't have enough time to eat it so I opted for the side salad.) The salad came out immediately with the check. A diet coke and a side salad was $5.38I would come back when I have more time to try something else. This trip served its purpose.
5	Amazing food.  Great atmosphere.  Smokeless cozy. Home cooked food.  I'mReluctant to let you know of one of Vegas best kept secret open 24 hours.
5	Woohoo! As good as it gets
5	My family and I love this place. Regulars for years!
4	The only reason i don't give it 5 stars is the bar, it's just not as good as the restaurant. The restaurant is awesome and that's an understatement!! Great food, great service, UNDER priced!!!! This is my go to spot, love the lakes!!!
5	service is excellent.  food exceeds the service.  all fresh, no frozen anything except the ice cream on my brownie desert that capped off and complimented my dinner. prices are ideal and definitely felt that i got more than what i was charged for.  this was my first visit, and it is now at the very top of my list in vegas.  had the chicken pot pie and my friend had the fish tacos. looking forward to going through the entire menu as every selection seemed like it was something i would enjoy.
