4	I am a fan, because my kids are both fans. Let's be honest- if the kids get excited for the routine dental check-up, then we all jump on board.Jacob has been our hygenist for both visits. He's great with the kids, and very patient.Dr. Jeff is knowledgeable- and patient most of the time, unless it's busy. And I can't say that I blame him.The place gets PACKED. If you can make your appointment before school gets out, I would strongly advise you to do so.Also- side note, the sell battery operated toothbrushes and mouthwash at the counter. Skip it. I bough both my kids a tooth brush, and 1 bottle pf mouth wash....$29.00 later! I checked the tags at the grocery store tonight- I could have gotten the same exact thing there for half the price.The things we do to ensure that our children enjoy the dentist.....
1	This is the most unprofessional dentist office we have ever been to! From the first phone call to make an appointment to the first visit and exam, we have been completely unsatisfied! They never explained what was being done and made us feel bad when my daughter had milk for breakfast when we were never told she couldn't have dairy prior to her appointment. My daughter was in so much pain she came out crying. When I asked them if it should be pressure and not pain that she feels he dismissively said, "sure!"Then they never gave us after care instructions. I had to call them when I got home to find out if she needed to wait an hour before she could eat or if it was okay to give her motrin even though she had laughing gas. Prior to this, my daughter loved going to the dentist. If you do not want your child traumatized, do not go to this dentist. They are unprofessional and do not care!
1	This is the most unprofessional practice ever.  I don't even know how they have two locations. When we called they scheduled us for one location. Then when we got there, they were closed. So when we called they said our appt was at their other location. So we had to reschedule again because of their unprofessionalism. Then on our second appt, they made us wait over an hour and a half to be seen for cleaning and X-rays. A week later we called to pick up the X-rays and they told us to come pick it up at 9am. So we get there at 9 and no one was there. We then called their other office to see when they would open and they said they had no idea when someone would be there. Are you kidding me?  So we waited til 9:50 before someone opened the doors. And to top everything off they charged us $20 ea for paper copies of the X-rays. No film, no disk, just two pieces of papers   This place is truly a joke and we are sad we even crossed paths with them. Beware everyone!
