5	OK. I NEVER write reviews, this is my first, my wife has done a couple. I have been going to this gym for about a month now. I am super skeptical when trying new programs so I wanted to check them out thoroughly. I primarily partake in the Jeet Kune Do training as I have always wanted to learn this system of fighting. So I checked the instructor's website http://phoenixjkd.com/ and read it thoroughly. The instructor, Sharam, lists his lineage (he is a third generation instructor) there so I actually called his instructor to confirm. Everything checked out. Then I decided to simply take advantage of the trial period. I asked Sharam a slew of very direct questions to which all of his answers met or exceeded my expectations. His teaching methods during that trial, and ever since, have shown him to be an excellent teacher. Everything is broken down to a simple teaching so the newest person in the room can grasp the information. Everything we have learned in just one short month has blown away everything I have ever learned. I used to hold my own sparring with black belts and I learned combat fighting serving 8 years in the Marine Corps yet I feel like I did not know how to REALLY fight. Everything Sharam teaches is easily learned and highly effective for use in a full on fight. This is not your local dojo. In short:- The JKD class is the real deal- The gym owner is pretty cool and straightforward- The rates are awesome- The schedule fits nicely with my retail craziness- The gym is on the small side but adequately equipped and growing- I love this class, if you ever wanted to learn JKD this is the one for you!
5	Hello my name is Annie Medina, mother of BJJ warrior named Viper (my son's mat name). My son actually has been training Brazilian Jiu Jitsu with Professor Joao for over 3 years consecutively. I'm talking an hour for 4-5 times a week, no off season.  After meeting Professor Joao, he explained to us what he teaches/expects/etc. We then spoke to my son Viper in private; he was very excited and did want to try it out by committing to six months. He wasn't sure if this would be the "right thing!" After his six month was up we definitely wanted to keep training. As a parent, it's exciting to see your child REALLY WANTING to stay committed and genuinely want to keep training. Viper is now 10 years old and continues to train 4-5 days a week, gray belt with 4 stripes, has over 20 competitions under his belt, and is learning so much (including discipline). If you are an adult or have kids that would be interested, come visit the gym and see them in action. We are very happy to have found Battleground Sports.Now that I have explained about my son, here's a bit about me. I started Crossfit a little over a year ago. It just made sense to TRY it out especially since my son trains BJJ in the same gym during the time Crossfit session takes place. Seeing my son hit it hard for an hour pushed me to get myself in gear. It was very intimidating to me as those weights looked heavy and I'd never trained in that type of environment. I was used to more of a light fitness not so much weights. To this day I'm now seeing improvement overall. Trainer, Eric Brandel and the group I train with are AWESOME. It's an at your own pace and support system is like no other. It's a team setting and everyone is at different levels so that makes it that much better. It's exciting to see when someone does a box jump for the first time or flips a huge tire for the first time. It's just awesome and I'm all in. If you want a quick 30 min or less full body workout I highly recommend you come in and TRY a session with us, it's a group thing and you'll love it.Any questions let me know.Annie Medina
5	Best choice I made for my family.The wife ,daughter and son loves the gym . Going on almost 5 years with coach joao my daughter and family loves the place...
5	Great teachers, great atmosphere, it's an environment in which the highest level competitor and the newest student can work together to teach and share this incredible sport. I've been training with the head instructor Joao Viera for 3Years now and I couldn't imagine a better team. If you choose to dedicate yourself, you'll find that you've joined another family. Obrigado!
