5	Great place great food for people who are actually foodies and know good food.
5	Awesome food, great decor, and knowledgable staff.  One of their house specialties is their brussel sprouts.  Trust me when I say their not the kind your mother used to make us eat.  Did I mention the NC draft beer selection... Mmm.
4	Overall reaching for that fourth star, but once they get through their opening week or so they'll definitely be there. Food was awesome, seriously no question whatsoever - this is tasty goodness, the hand-cut fries are amazing (and I love how so much is made in-house). I reaaally liked the short rib slider on the pretzel roll, and the black&blue was also a big hit. I was a little disappointed at first when only two came out on a plate after seeing three in photos (maybe you get 3 at dinner?), but 2 sliders + some fries = content. Could I have eaten another? Sure. Would I be more inclined to share/swap sliders if I had three? Yes. Granted, we decided we could have probably had about 15 more they were so tasty, but in the end my belly was happy with two. Service, well, we were the first customers of the day and maybe she just hadn't had time to put her game face on. Definitely pleasant, but some of the questions were a little backwards ("You guys didn't want any dessert today, right?"). It also became apparent that they didn't subject all of the staff to a full menu tasting before it opened, but I'll give them til my next visit to figure that one out. Atmosphere, I love the colors and the set up, they're definitely ready for the after 5 crowd, but they seem to still be working on everything else. It definitely has a lounge feel, but they dimmed the lights, turned up the volume of the music (which  most seemed more appropriate for an evening meal/bar hour), and were adjusting TV channels continually during most of our meal, so I couldn't tell you exactly what they were going for as far as daytime hours, because apparently they're not entirely sure either. The other two staff members (and I'm guessing one was an owner and maybe a manager, but no one introduced themselves) came by the table to welcome us and give us little tidbits about the place (in the spring veggies will be coming in from the rooftop garden). I definitely will be returning, most likely for dinner as I think this place will really shine in the evening hours, and the bar space (and menu - hello NC beers and delish cocktails!) is very appealing, but the food here is definitely a welcomed addition to Elizabeth. I want to eat everything on the menu!
5	This is an update to a previous review with a bump up in stars.The original review was less complementary because I was dismissed over a discrepancy. Growing pains I suppose. I received a personal and generous response from management. And so, after a second visit...5 stars! The food on both visits  5 stars all the way.Still not without problems though. This second visit I ordered black and blue burger with fries, with NO bacon. As you may guess it had bacon on it. It's a big problem for me. However, I know I am in the one percent so I did not deduct a star. Disappointed though because I ordered it with no bacon and that seems like an easy request. More growing pains?As mentioned before somewhat expensive but good food is worth it. The price is reasonable for the quality.Also it's great to have another restaurant on Elizabeth St. Being fine dining I don't know if they could do it, but with the location they might want to consider some quicker and less expensive options and possible delivery service. .
3	NoFo on Liz used to be my all-time favorite restaurant in Charlotte. Come on, it had a cute gift shop attached- what's not to love for a girl?I was very excited to see that Smalls had begun to fill that space vacated by NoFo and Mexi Cafe and on such a great street that has gems like Customshop and Elizabeth Creamery.I hit the jack pot ordering. Holy chicken and waffles. The chicken was juicy and the syrup was just sweet enough without being over-powering. My friends kept eating off my plate. This is a must have item. My friends however where not blown away. Hence- the reason for a three star review. We enjoyed the fried pickles but the sliders were dubbed "eh" and not even finished- rare for this group. The flatbread was not anything special. I adore how the beer and wine are all local and all the food is made to order. But- order the signature items if you want to be blown away-  since the portions are not huge ordering here can get expensive quick. I can't wait to come back for a second try!
5	Smalls is like a breath of fresh air on Elizabeth Avenue.  Although the decor and atmosphere of the place is refreshing and deserves some attention, I must talk about the food first.Wow. All I can say is, chicken and waffles. I didn't order this the first time I went and instead ended up stealing about half of my friend's order. Calories from friends' plates don't count right? I hope not because I couldn't stop myself from going back for more. I wanted that perfect bite-- a little of the crisp, light thyme scented waffle topped with super crispy fried chicken, and of course a little dollop of the heavenly salted caramel butter. I'm literally salivating as I write this...mmm...The only bad thing about the chicken is it takes a little longer than other items to cook (we were told by our server) so if you go for it try to have a little patience.Believe it or not, the other menu item that really blew me away was a salad!! I've never said a salad rocks before, but this salad rocks! Each salad comes with a whole poached pear which is hollowed out a bit and filled with a butternut squash creme fraiche.  The pear sits on top of fresh arugula with a spiced citrus vinaigrette. It is so light and refreshing and really something different. You really don't expect to cut into your pear and have something luscious creamy awaiting you in the center. Friends ordered the sliders, fried pickles, and "Zack's Korean style wings" which I naturally had to taste a little of each. Although I didn't get as much time to savor those dishes I still concluded that they were delicious also.All in all, Smalls is a great place to socialize with friends, try a few little bites, in a fun non-stuffy environment. I've been waiting for a place to open on Elizabeth that doesn't cost $28 a plate for dinner.  Even if you want a larger entree you won't be breaking the bank. It feels new and exciting inside and I'm looking forward to going back again soon.
4	Small place, big taste. I was fortunate enough to check out Smalls last week for their friends and family opening and enjoyed a small sampling of delicious items while taking in their modern digs! I'm incredibly impressed and delighted that Smalls only serves NC beer and makes everything in house - including all the bread and pastas. How awesome! Service is incredibly friendly and attentive...just as you want it! Be sure to pay attention to their super creative cocktail menu - this is one of the only places I know of in Charlotte where you can get a gin fizz! Hubs and I sauntered back in last night for a quiet, Monday night dinner. Here's what I had... Margherita Flatbread: 4/5: Yum. Toasty, crispity goodness. The tomatoes and shards of cheese were incredibly fresh and a perfect start to the meal. Plus, it's served on a nice piece of slate...love the presentation. Chicken & Waffles: 4/5: I've never had this Southern staple before (shame on me), so I was more than excited to try Smalls' version with, quiet please, salted. caramel. butter. Yes. That salted caramel butter completely makes this dish. The waffle triangles were perfectly fluffy and crispy and when they were accompanied by the hot, fried chicken, this dish will really made you smile. My only issue with the dish is that both pieces of my chicken were fatty and I had to dig around the bird to get great chunks of meat to accompany my insane waffles. Get yourself to Smalls and snag a gin fizz and a plate of the fantastic chicken & waffles.
4	Walk in and I LOVE the way this place looks!  Holes still in the wall from a knife fight (only don't bring a knife to a knife fight when the other person has a Pick Ax) in a club or concert hall, long before Liz had her stand here, covered only in black paint.  Please NEVER take these "scars of History away!  Long Hallways (Entrance and to the restrooms) Great looking Bar and Dinning Room...This place is Coooool!Drunken Short Ribs on a Bavarian (better be if it's a pretzel) Pretzel Buns for tiny sliders.  The taste was Fantastic!   Mayo Warning! ! !  I HATE MAYO! (at the time of this writing the menu contains NO Mayo warning)!  I'll be glad to delete this part of the review if someone can prove the restaurant added it to the list of what comes on the sandwiches (I gave my idea to my server and I'm not making a statement here accept to inform those who despise it more than I.  It was my only recommend change for the Restaurant)!  These sliders even had heaps  of Mayonnaise on them and I was still Totally impressed with the taste (I hardly ever send anything back, nor make many complaints anywhere and did not today even though they quickly offered to remake my order).  The flavor of the Onion Ring Batter (it was cooked when I tasted it, so batter may not be the right terminology) was very good.  The only reason it does not make my Onion Ring list is because it is not one of my favorites, though still one of the better batters in Charlotte and cooked just right!Drunken Short Ribs 5 yelp starsPretzel Bun 5 yelp starsOnion Rings 3.75 yelp starsHouse made Garlic Mayo (I can not rate it since I prefer none).  I bet if you like Mayo You'll really like this one!How about Dessert:  How about MINT Ice!  That looked like a question the Mint Ice is Fantastic though I think it was meant to be the garnish on this Flourless Chocolate cake!  The Shaved Mint Ice gets 5 yelp stars for flavor, 5 yelp stars for texture (bigger than snow and twice as Romantic, smaller than Hail and ten times softer).  I almost fell in love!  The Flourless Chocolate Cake gets a 2.75 star rating!The Service gets an EASY five yelp stars and I'm one who invites the minimum amount of service as long as EVERYTHING is PERFECT!  Today I met four of the servers and all four were friendly!Second meal:  March 7th 2012 Chad style UPDATE : : Service still great!  Storefront Signs are in place and looking great!  The place looks FANTASTIC! The food is ahhh, uh, ok here goes:Eggplant Stack 3.9 yelp starsDrunken Short Rib 3.85 yelp starsWaffles: Fantastic 5 yelp starsFried Chicken 3.75 starsFries: Better than many, though will not make my "Lonely Fry" List 3.25 stars!
5	Elizabeth Street wants to be a busy street so badly.  It seems like it's on the end of the line. Smalls is a very nice addition, taking over the old NOFO space.  There are many items on the menu that I want to try, sliders (meat ground in house, homemade buns), chicken & waffles and the pimento cheeseburger, but today Zack's confit wings were a must.  Korean spicy wings, so yummy.  I don't think I will be able to visit Smalls and not order the wings.We also tried a lunch special today, hand made linguini & grilled chicken with a light pecorino sauce.  It was a hard decision because they were also offering a BLT special  on homemade potato bread.  The food is delicious.The best part is the food quality and the price ratio.  It's going to be in heavy rotation.  Did I mention late night food and all NC draft beer?   Makes me say, Biggie, Biggie, Biggie can't you see, sometimes your words just hypnotize me.
4	Finally got to check out Smalls after seeing/hearing about its opening in Elizabeth.  Very friendly staff and interesting lunch menu.  We got the chicken wings with a spicy Korean BBQ sauce.  Well, not sure there is anything Korean about the sauce, but the wings were yummy and appropriately spicy.  Wifey tried the crab cake slider and said it was good - substantial lump crab meat, always key.  I tried the salad with roasted NC shrimp.  The shrimp tasted very fresh and were well seasoned and roasted.  The greens were very healthy, the tomato confit added the pizzazz and the peppered buttermilk dressing was just right.  Good presentation too.Lots of attention - I think the owner came by a few times - he MUST be a New Yahker - very intense, but in a good way.  The waitress was super nice as well.  Good overall vibe to this place.Love the fact that it was ALL NC craft beer - booyah!  But $5 per draft?  $4.50 for OMB Copper doesn't count.  That $5 draft thingy seems to be getting more popular at the restaurants around here.  And I have a psychological barrier about it.  Please make it $4.99.  Keep it under $5.  Or offer a daily special, where one is less than $5.  I know, I know.  It's all local beers.  But, how about if it's sold as $4.50 per pint with a 50 cent NC local beer surcharge?  That's completely different than paying $5, right?  You wid me?  Ah, fuhgeddaboudit then.  Anyway, check this place out.  There were a lot of other items on the menu that make me want to come back and try it again.
5	I was so excited when I heard that a sliders bar was opening on Elizabeth.  These joints are everywhere in NYC and something I always look forward to.  Smalls did not disappoint and it is so much more than a sliders joint.  I love what they have done with the old NOFO space red, black, and white it's hip and classy.  There were so many delicious options on the menu I wasn't sure what to choose.  My sis and I decided to split a lobster bisque and the short rib sliders.  It's hard to impress me when it comes to lobster bisque because my mother makes the best I've ever had however smalls was extremely tasty - crab, sherry, cream, and I really enjoyed the flaky crust on top.  It's filling so I would share if you can so you can enjoy some of the other menu items. The short rib sliders melted in my mouth and fresh cut french fries I just can't say enough I will be dreaming about this food for a long time.  I can't wait to get back for more.   Our server was also very friendly which always deserves a big red star!
2	Went for lunch, very disappointing.  Food took over a half hour, and there were maybe three tables total, and it just wasn't worth the wait.  Service was very slow.  Probably a better place to grab a drink than eat.
4	They might be called Smalls but they're big on flavor. Okay there goes my Obama milk joke for the review, I couldn't help myself. Entering through the longish dark corridor following the bright pink on Tonya's hair I wasn't sure what to really expect. But the decor brightened up with some splashes of red and cool pictures and stuff once it opened up! Kind of like walking into a cave, just call me explorer Jimmy!We got some Korean bbq wings kicked up a notch, they came with some awesome hand cut fries, and the lunch special which was some fresh made linguini with chicken and a creamy sauce. Yum yum! The food is delicious and reasonably priced, I'll definitely be back to try some more items on the menu here. The chef came out to talk to us a bit once everyone was happy and munching on their lunch to see how we liked it, cool.I left here happy and full of yummies in my tummy. This review has me wanting to go back already for some chicken and waffles.
5	This place is good. The food is fixed by competent cooks. I had the crispy chicken and waffles [with a side of fries]. The meal is a little big for one person, but if you have a group, it would be perfect to share the fries. The chicken, breading, and sauce was good. Yes I did say there is sauce on the fried chicken. Its a honey infused with chili peppers type sauce. It sounds a little odd, but I can't complain. The waffles were meh. Service: I can't complain. The server I had was warm and friend. The GM/Owner came by a few times to see how things were going, so it seems like they care about quality. The place is a bit pricey, but the food is good.The bad:The design of the place was nice. The art on the wall was just odd. The music was too loud. The place looks more like a club rather than a restaurant. The lead up to the place is dark, and the lighting inside is dark. If you're looking for a place for a late meal, and drinks... go here.
4	Good meal, just short of epic.  I went last week to try it out before a show at the Visulite.  Me and the wife ended up trying 3 small plates rather than a meal to sample as many things as possible.  Korean BBQ Wings - $10 - Cooked perfectly, juicy, tender, sweet, and spicy.  However, they didn't come off as korean at all.  But, Korean BBQ wings sells better than "sweet and spicy"Short Rib sliders - $11-  Flavorful meat, too much horse radish, tasty bun.Crispy Eggplant Stack - $13 - Lots of flavorAll in all the food was excellent.  The prices were not.  I feel this place would be amazing if everything is 2~4 dollars cheaper per plate.  I will still come back, but not as frequently as I would like.
4	The name "smalls" refers to the restaurant's interior space, not the size of dreams or expectations you'll find once inside the doors.  A local vibe permeates the environment: the chef is a Johnson & Wales graduate and the bar serves NC craft beers.  The menu is interesting and accessible, with a few varieties of down home sliders accompanying other worldly options like chicken & waffles and handmade pasta.  Once your order gets to the table, watch out; the food is rich, developed, and flavorful.  BUT... a month after opening, there are still some service-type kinks that they haven't yet worked out.  Friday night, I called to see if a party of 3 could be seated and was told that they were filling up, but if we got there in the next 10 minutes we should be fine.  7 minutes later, we walked in the door and were told there would be a 15 minute wait.  Not that big of a deal, we went to the bar for a drink.  The bartender was very nice, but sadly couldn't transfer our drinks to the table once we were ready to be seated, so we had to close out - again, not that big of a deal.  Our waitress (unenthusiastically) told us the day's specials and then took our order... which is right about when everything fell apart.  They brought only two of our three dishes to the table, of which only one was correct.  So they then took the pimento sliders away but not-so-sneakily tried to pawn them off on the table behind us - alas, the pimento sliders were not what they'd ordered either.  Apparently, our third order had never gotten put into the system, so they scrambled to make that and finally brought out a plain burger, having prepared it so quickly that they left off all the burger toppings (cheese, bacon, lettuce, and tomato) that were supposed to come with it.  So, now we send a second plate back to the kitchen.  Ultimately, we finally got the right sliders and burger with all the proper fixins, but it shouldn't have to be that difficult.However, the food was good enough to assuage those problems (it didn't hurt that they comped us the burger on our final bill too).  Assuming they work out the kinks, this place may need to be renamed Bigs, as I can see it being huge in the Charlotte restaurant scene.
5	I'm not sure if it was a Valentine's Day special or not, but we had the best dessert here. It was a chocolate cake with caramel served with ice cream. Be sure to ask for it just in case. The staff were very friendly and the service was quick. They have  a wide arrange of food items and a good selection of beers. All what seem very amazing. I recommend the drunken short rib slider.
4	So I came back and adored the 18- Hour Beef Short Rib, Parmesan & Bourbon Creamed Corn, Whipped Garlic & Chili Infused Yukon Gold Potatoes. I could have ate an entire plate of that creamed corn. They also grind all their meat in house which means rare burgers are allowed!
5	Finally, a cool place to go  on Elizabeth Street besides the visualite!  Every time a friend from out of town comes to visit, I feel like we always just go to Soul.  I wanted to switch it up but still craved an intimate atmosphere with small plates of scrumptious food, so I decided to check out Smalls...It was Saturday night and Roy Daye Jr Band, started dazzling us with his musical talents at 10:00.  A great addition to our already loud table, and he was cool about taking requests...  GREAT food, attentive staff and great atmosphere!Fried pickles with peppered buttermilk dressing: 5/5 these crispy dill poppers were perfectly breaded and did not feel greasy.  The dressing was a refreshing substitute for plain 'ol ranch.  YUM!Zack's Confit Wings:  4/5Spicy Korean bbq?  YES...  the the spicy and sweet chicken was tender and juicy and the sauce was a perfect blended mix of sticky and flavor.  I have a tough palette to satisfy when you say they're going to be spicy...so I was hoping for a little more kick.  Crispy Eggplant Stack:  5/5This was my favorite of the night!  This distinctive dish was as delectable as it was beautiful.   I would rather dig into this stack than a stack of pancakes any day!  The eggplant tasted fresh and was not overpowered by the breading.  The mozzarella was nice and thick and complimented the confit tomato.  Each component was pulled together by a savory aged balsamic.  I'm thankful that Jo had this brought to our table, thanks!Crispy Chicken: 5/5Let me start by saying that I NEVER eat fried chicken, but I heard that I had to order their chicken and waffles.  The chicken was savory and I tore in to this dish as if no one was looking (i must have looked really attractive).  But this dish is just that kind of finger-lickin good!  the waffles were as fluffy as a cloud and covered Salted Caramel Butter, Chili-Infused Honey .  MUST ORDER!
2	Came in on Saturday night and we walked in at about 8:30 and got a table- the manager/owner? was very enthusiatic and very nice. We sat down and i ordered a Margarita-with Patron -It was gross and barely any Tequila- when the bill came it said it was $16-umm are you kidding me for something that i had to choke back and barely tasted any tequila in- not worth it and honestly its still making me mad- I love Tequila and if you look throughout my reviews I have at least 1 before i go into wine so I know what I'm talking about and $16 for it is absolutely absurd. ok I will move on We ordered French Onion soup to start along with the Short rib sliders- the French Onion was pretty bland and it needs to have MORE cheese!!! The Sliders were ok -the pretzel bread seemed like it was frozen and they microwaved them to heat them up so it was a little disappointing. For my Entree I had the Papperdelle with Oyster Mushrooms- the pasta was ok but they put way too much sauce on it and I kept trying to figure out what it was reminding me of and it kinda was like Italian dressing- like the kind you make yourself- it was weird. He had the Crab cake sliders and Oysters- oysters were ok nothing great and the Crab sliders were again weird- they were fried so the crab was way overcooked if only they pan seared them then they would be way better!No desert- 2 glasses of wine and our server was very nice. I feel like they rushed to get up and going- linen table clothes but paper napkins- Menus are way too big and fall all over the place. I also have to say that once again the prices for some of these items are high and don't make sense when you get the dish- i have no problem spending money on food-seeing as i eat out about 10 times a week, but make it worth the price, because if the quality isn't showing and I cant see why I'm paying so much for it then I most likely will not be back.
5	This is the second time that I have been to the restaurant. First time eating here though. The first time I came in and sat at the bar while talking with a friend. The girl who served us, blonde hair but forgot her name, was very nice. So nice that I even told her that I loved it in there and would be back. NOW we're leading into today where I finally came in and had a meal in here. I and the friend that came with me ordered the same thing. The old fashioned burgers. They were fantastic and I would highly recommend them. Yet again we had great service even though this time we had a different person.The price on the soft drinks is a little higher than normal but no big deal. A 5star place that everyone in Charlotte needs to try at least once.
2	Incredible food, but overall a very disappointing experience.  I wish I could have given it more stars, but several things just left a bad taste in our mouth (not literally, thankfully).  One of our friends ordered the $18 short rib dish, only to be given a piece of meat that was 3/4 gristle.  I ordered the same dish and it came out perfectly, so we asked for the waitress to get her a different piece of meat because it was obviously just a kitchen mistake to plate a piece of meat like that.  We weren't upset at first, but then the manager basically came out and instead of apologizing, told her that short rib was supposed to be fatty as if she were wrongly asking for new food.  She said this without even looking at the plate that was given to my friend.  That was the most disappointing part of the meal - to feel like we weren't valued customers spending money in this new establishment.  We could have gone out raving about this place to all our friends, but instead are just really bummed out about it.  The service from the waitstaff didn't really knock our socks off either, unfortunately.  And, just as we were closing out our bills - someone came around handing out thongs with the Smalls logo on it... apparently it was "Thong Thursday".   Not exactly what I had in mind for a place where you spent $50+ on dinner for two.    On the bright side, the short rib dish was excellent.  So were the wings and fried pickles.  The problem definitely is not the food.  I hope they can improve their focus on customers so they can actually be a successful foodie spot.
4	If the mystery streetcar traveling Elizabeth Avenue were to become reality, I'd be a frequent commuter to Smalls. In the meantime, I'll happily drive there. [By the way, street parking along Elizabeth has been easy and free (after 6 p.m. weekdays) for me the past couple times I've visited.]My first visit was a small plate-sharing happy hour; my second visit was for dinner. The fried pickles are quite tasty, especially with the peppered buttermilk dressing for dipping. The pimento sliders could've had a touch more of its namesake cheesy goodness in my opinion, but the tender, flavorful beef made it worth the ride. And the eggplant caprese was an interesting, savory twist on the classic.Make note of the singular form of 18-hour short rib, whether considering your appetite, the pricing ($18) or both. On the side are a bourbon creamed corn I absolutely enjoyed and chli-garlic potatoes, which also were very good and can be ordered as a side if you spring for a different entree.The wine list is OK, though it has some stiff competition from the N.C. craft beer and creative specialty drink lists.Service, from host stand to table, was friendly and attentive.For a cozy, laid-back experience and creative culinary touches, Smalls is worth the trek.
4	Oh Smalls, you are a gem. With your all NC beer list and your delicious food all served in a chic little dinning room that frequently hosts live music (sans cover). I can't help but love you.Smalls boasts a wide variety of sliders, which come three to an order. They range from blue cheese and double smoked bacon (which were great) to crab cakes (which were also great) . If i could only give you one piece of Smalls advice though it would be to try the garlic chili mashed potatoes. I literally scraped every existent morsel of flavor out of the classy tureen they were served in. If they had served it in a vessel i could have gotten my mug in, I probably would have licked it clean. Well played, Smalls.The one thing that is keeping me from 5-starsing them all over this here yelp is that at least two items we attempted to order they were out of. If you are going to have something as tasty sounding as drunken short rib sliders on your menu (seriously, how great does that sound?!) it's a bummer if you are out well before closing.Either way, I will certainly be returning to Smalls for many a brew and tiny burger. It's just to good to miss.
1	So I ate there on a Sunday night. Maybe not the best night to go but I was hungry and wanted to give it a try. First of all I will say the service was great. The hostess and waitress were super friendly and good at their jobs. The issue I have with this small plate bar is the ginormous prices. $6 for a cup of fries? Are you kidding me? If you want a $10 slider you have to order a side of fries to go with it. I was expecting a huge order of fries at that price, you know enough to share and enough to feel really guilty about, but no just a cup. About what you would get at the Crepe Cellar.  My friend had the steak sandwich and it was the size of a slider, he said it was good but for the price? And some of the items are even more expensive but I did not bother to try them as I wanted to leave the night with some money left in my pocket. I had the pear and arugula salad. It sounded great on the menu and at $8 I thought it was fair. It turned out to be a pile of arugula with 4 roasted walnuts and a whole pear off to the side sitting in what may have been a balsamic reduction. There really wasn't enough of the reduction there to taste to determine for sure. And did I mention the pear was whole? The presentation was cool I will give them that but the practicality of the plate was ridiculous. Inside the pear was some of the creme fraiche but I could not mix the flavors with the salad so basically I ate arugula with a pear. I could have done the same thing at the farmer's market for about $2. The ambiance was nice but not for the price. Can CPCC students really afford to keep this place in business? Am I missing something?  I will not be returning to find out.
4	My first visit to the newly opened restaurant and overall I'd say I was impressed.  Met a fellow yelper there and started our meal with the Eggplant Stack, which was VERY good!  Perfectly cooked, slightly batter and layered with fresh mozzarella and tomatoes...YUM!  Would definitely order again!  For my meal, I ordered the Crispy Chicken that came with Thyme Waffles with salted caramel butter and chili infused honey drizzled over it.  It was very good fried chicken (on the bone, so I picked at it with a fork and it pulled right off.  The waffles were very good and the toppings were delish.. For $14 it was an ample portion I suppose, perhaps should've included another side dish for that pricepoint in my opinion.  He ordered the 18 hour beef short rib and chose fries as his side.  The beef was tender and tasted well seasoned, not being a huge beef fan, it's hard to get me too excited here, but it was definitely good.  Fries were okay, nothing to write home about and calling them "herbed pommes frites" doesn't really change the flavor.While the online menu mentions two desserts, our waiter told us that there was only one and my fellow yelper had sampled it the last trip he made and wasn't impressed.  I totally trust his judgement, so we didn't try it again.  I must say i was suprised at the lack of dessert options, it seems like this would be the kind of place that would be up for the challenge of a variety of options.The decor is hip and modern, the space is intimate and attractively decorated and the owner greeted us while were dining and seemed very friendly.  Our waiter was super helpful and patient and not too chatty and was only a glance away at all times.  For $49, I'm not sure I'd be back on a regular basis as that seems a little pricey for the offerings, but Small's has potential and hopefully with some tweaks will fair just fine in this location.
4	I ate immediately prior to my first visit to Smalls.  Why?  Because Yelp lists Smalls under the category of "burgers" and I was not in the market for a burger.  Shame on Yelp for this egregious mislabeling, for it kept me from experiencing the crispy chicken and thyme waffle during my first visit to Smalls.  The chicken and waffle is the best selling item on the menu, and that fact will not surprise you once you try this.  Crisp, golden skin on the fried chicken, paired with a thick waffle with butter and some delicious caramel syrup stuff.  We also had the heart of romaine salad, roasted brussels sprouts, and fried eggplant with tomato and mozzerella.  All delicious.  All beers on tap at Smalls are brewed right here in North Carolina.  I was happy to see a couple selections from NoDa (brewed by the brilliant Chad Henderson) on tap during my first visit.  Coco Loco and Midnight Madness never fail to please.  The service at Smalls is impeccable.  All servers are friendly and knowledgeable.  If you are not a fan of trying to talk over really loud, really shitty music, do not visit Smalls during the later evening hours on Friday or Saturday.
3	I had pretty high expectations going into Smalls. I normally am not a chicken and waffles kind of gal (separate yes, together no) but I heard such good things that I couldn't resist. Overall I found the flavor sort of one note- sweet. I liked the thyme in the waffles but I wasn't blown away by the waffle nor the chicken. Next time I'd definitely try something else. Just an FYI the chicken takes 20 minutes to prepare but we were in and out of lunch in about an hour. We also split the eggplant stack which was perfectly crispy but way over-salted. I also would have liked a bit more of the balsamic glaze. My dining partner thought her shrimp tacos (special) were nothing special but not bad. Prices were really decent for the huge portions we received...I am shocked that someone thought portions were small or that it was expensive...maybe at dinner?  Service was fine overall, she had us in and out quickly and with a smile.
4	Stopped in for something to go. Ordered the confit wings and pomme frites. The wings were awesome with a great flavor and just the right amount of heat from the Korean BBQ sauce. The pomme frites were good also except the kitchen was a little heavy handed on the salt. I will definitely be back soon
5	Love this place, Love the service, love the food! One of our favorites.
3	Perhaps it was the fact that our friends had recommended it so highly, or maybe the fact that is was beyond dead at 9pm on a Saturday night, but I wasn't such a BIG fan of SMALLS. The fried pickles were too salty and overly breaded, and the pimento cheese slider was really underwhelming. The fries were nothing special. We were also told that the kitchen was out of a ton of items -- most of seafood.We'll give it another try, but first impressions being important, I can't say I was falling out of my seat. Decent beer selection. I hope it was just an off night.
4	We came here for lunch on a Saturday afternoon. Parking was great and I love the ambiance of the restaurant.  Casual but with great accents and artwork.  The fried pickles were offensively good, was that cinnamon? They definitely put a new spin on the term "anything is good if you fry it".  Then the sliders came out, top quality ingredients with excellent preparation.  I will absolutely be going back. Also, in my Maker's and ginger ale? Fresh ginger garnish. Sold.
2	On our second trip to Smalls, we were hoping for a different experience, it didn't happen. Both times we've been, the restaurant has been out of several of the more appealing items. The first time it was super crowded, so seemed possible, the second time not at all, and was just annoying. The food sounds interesting, and does make efforts to be unique, but falls short of the very high prices they charge for such small portions. If I had to describe it, I would call it overcharged glorified pub food. The beer list is interesting, I'll give it that. But just because you dim the lights and turn on dance music doesn't mean you're the hotest stuff around. If I was in the mood for a drink and some ambiance, it would be a good place to start for a drink. If I wanted more expensive food with great flavors I would try out Custom Shop and Carpe Diem nearby."You're killin me Smalls!" - The Sandlot
4	Came in for a quicky after the food truck friday. First time, been reading about it here.Great server Jeremy, cool set up for Charlotte , good wine, very good wings, flat bread crust was under cooked for me,  but anyway.... Crazy thing friday 9ish the place was dead ? will go back ... this is a place I want to see succeed .
2	Overcooked brussel sprouts (still tasty, but needed a few more minutes in the oven); cook/waiter forgot the cheese on my sliders; someone dropped one of my sliders on the way out to me; I reminded the waiter about the cheese so he took them back, replaced the dropped slider and put slices of cold cheese on them. The onion overpowered the burgers and the two that weren't dropped were cold by the time they made it into my mouth. I was going to send them back again, but just decided to cut my losses. I imagined the waiter was going to take some of the check down a few bucks for the trouble, but I guess I didn't complain enough. Oh well. Like I said, the brussels were tasty and honestly, the burger that was warm was pretty good. I just wish I'd gone to the noodles place a couple doors down instead.
5	You must visit this place and try the eggplant stack to start! Chicken and Waffles is awesome. Nice NC Beer selection. All of their burgers are awesome. The staff are very helpful with the menu.
1	Well. I am not sure what happened. We called to make reservations for 12 people on Saturday night. We showed up and the place was CLOSED?!?!?!? No lights on, no signs... nothing. The neighboring businesses did not seem to know why they were closed. Not cool.
5	Smalls is now closed. http://www.wsoctv.com/news/news/local/customers-say-they-were-overcharged-hundreds-dolla/nPNLm/
