5	OMG - amazing home-made quality and taste.  I'm a health nut but a foody - Reza the owner was amazing and delivered on both.  I'll be back!
5	Stopped in for lunch and wasn't disappointed. I had a turkey, avocado and bacon sandwich on freshly toasted bread and it was simply the best version of that sandwich I've ever had -- the fresh fruit smoothie I had was also excellent -- definitely gonna go back and try their other menu items. Check this place out, it's not a typical eatery.
5	Fresh and trendy new place in Las Vegas where you can grab a quick yet healthy bite to eat. No longer need to sacrifice great food when you're in a hurry.  They offer an inexpensive gourmet menu of all fresh salads, sandwiches, Pides, and juices... And even yummy breakfast items too:) Their pides were my favorite (Greek Pide)... A different play on a flatbread pizza... The dough is what made this so so special! I even took one home for later (Blanco Pide)! My daughter loved it too! The staff were friendly and the vibe was cool! I definitely will be going there again soon!
4	Found this place cause of Yelp's frontpage mentioning new businesses. They opened two days ago and the inside is very nicely done and super clean. The bathroom even smells nice :D. Take a look at their clock! Pretty nifty. I want one, haha.I came with a friend - he got the turkey sandwich while I tried the Greek Pide. I only tried it cause of a yelp review but feta cheese is just not my thing. It ruined the whole thing for me but I DID enjoy the bread :). I think I'll try their Ruben (corned beef) sandwich next time. The turkey sandwich was good, though.I didn't try any drinks, though. They have different stuff for breakfast and for lunch so hopefully I'll get a chance to drop by another day... I came around 7:30pm and most of their stuff were already put away. Come in the day for everything :)! Croissants, salads, and their desserts. Try them all! :0DThey are super nice and they are absolutely open to any suggestions! Feel free to tell them. They want to stay open, after all.+ this is my 100th review! :D wheeee.
4	I was told to meet up here by my friend so we could both try a new place. Since this was 3 minutes from my house, I agreed; and I'm glad I did!I'm a big fan of turkey, bacon, and avocados, so naturally, my eyes automatically wandered to the Turkey Sandwich! It was just your regular turkey sandwich meant (and imo, needed a bit more avocado), but the thing that jumped out at me was the BREAD. Infused within the two slices were walnuts and dried CRANBERRIES! There wasn't an overload of cranberries, so every time you bit into one, it was like an unexpected burst of yummy-ness! That alone made my trip worthwhile. =]  I also ordered a custard bun, but since we were there so late in the night, it was a bit hard for my liking.My friend ordered a Greek Pide. I had a piece of it and didn't really like it. But hey, I'm not a big fan of Greek food, nor feta cheese. The taste of the pide did scream "GREEK" to me though, so if you are into Greek food, give it a try! I'm sure it's really good =]Since they opened recently, the cashier/workers were not too familiar with everything nor how the system worked. I had to repeat my order twice before they got it entered into the system (maybe I have an asian accent an I'm hard to understand? I don't know). However, I did appreciate the cook/owner (not exactly sure what his position was) coming out and asking us for suggestions/feedback. It's always a plus to have someone ask how everything was =]I shall give this place another try in the near future. After all, it IS really close to home! =]
5	I loved it. I have been dying to find a place on this side of town that offers healthy, fresh and affordable food. This is the place! Their pides are so tasty. The Greek pide was my personal favorite.They also have amazing salads and sandwiches. I recommend the vegetarian sandwich. Their ham & cheese is also quite tasty. It comes with blueberries, and it's surprisingly good! Also, fresh made smoothies are delicious! The staff and owners were so sweet and friendly! I absolutely recommend it!
5	Wow is a slight understatement when it comes to my experience here tonight. My family and I were introduced to Presto Cafe by Chris Herrin the owner of http://www.yelp.com/biz/bread-and-butter-henderson !  We had a smorgasbord of a little of everything that this place has to offer and OMG what an experience. I love how everything is fresh and beautifully prepared.  I felt like my taste buds went on a well fed tour around the world. Lots of freshly prepared salads both savory and sweet, wonderful smoothies with real fruit ( not the pre-packed processed stuff with ice and sugar) The pida's were divine too ! We got to try a little of each flavor and I think I am in love with all of them ! We also tried a few of the sandwiches, I brought home a ham one with a nice surprise of Funyuns in it.  We also tried the Ruben that is made with a raisin rye that was right on with the right amount of tang to the coleslaw !To finish the night we were treated to a nice coconut pastry and a wonderful nut/raisin tart that really completed the meal !!Needless to say this place was worthy of a review, the owners were great, explaining their love of food  in their life and travels and wanting to bring a new fresh concept to the Spanish Trails neighborhood and they certainly brought that to the plate here.  Price point wise your getting an excellent meal for the price, the Pida's are more than enough to feed two people and the salads are filling as well. There is nothing like going to a place where you can feel the love in the food and wanting to express that in the most sincere way.
5	The Reuben was choice! I loved their interesting take on it. Could not find a salad I did not like, and I tried them all! Brain Power smoothie was on par as well. Didn't hurt to have The Killers playing on their stereo a few times either!
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE THE RUBEN!!! Must try! The dressing is a little on the sweet side but I think that's what makes the sandwich so DELICIOUS!
4	The Reuben and the salads were great, all the food has a farm to table feel, comfortable place to eat... Excellent service!
4	I just HAD to come here because the photos of the pides looked so damn good!  We would normally go to Elements since it's in the same plaza but my wife and I just wanted something quick and relatively inexpensive.  Not sure how many reviews as of now are legit but again...look at those pides!Staff was really welcoming and friendly right off the bat.  We went with the Italian pide which tasted as good as it looked.  Lots of sauce, meat and flavor.  I'll try the Greek one next time.  The sandwiches were pretty interesting and not run of the mill.  We tried the "Ham & Cheese Please" which included local smoked ham, gruyere cheese, blueberries, Funions, chili mayo on panini grilled country bread.  More sandwiches should have Funions in them!  Who knew?  Yum yum.  They had 6 or 7 salads to choose from and we went with the tandoori chicken, mango, coconut which was OK.  I thought the chicken could've been more tandoori-y if that makes any sense.  The Israeli couscous, wild mushrooms, parmesan and lemon truffle was decent but that was more of the wife's choice since I'm not into the whole liquid chemical truffle thing.   The quality of the smoothie itself was great.  Definitely on par with Whole Foods or Greens and Proteins.Overall a solid place though.  A great place for lunch or a quick dinner.
4	If you're looking for a good, quick meal Presto Cafe is a solid option. It definitely isn't fast-food in terms of that level of quality (or lack thereof) and the prices reflect that. Don't come here expecting a dollar menu and the typical crap that would be available on one. While not perfect, the food is a tasty step up from many other cafes and fast-casual spots.They've got a variety of salads, pre-made and laid out on their counter. They're available by the scoop: 1 scoop for $4.25, 2 for $8.25, or 3 for $11.50. The tandoori chicken salad was good, but lacked the bold, spiciness that I expected. Their ham and cheese sandwich ($8.99), on the other hand, is packed with flavor and varying textures with its smoked ham, gruyere cheese, blueberries, Funions, and chili mayo on bacon cheese bread. It might seem like an odd combination, but it all worked in a bizarre yet delicious way.
4	I recently had lunch here with a friend and had a great meal. I ordered the Ruben partly because of the reviews here and my friend also said it's great. I was not disappointed! It was delicious. I also ordered a green juice and had the guy behind the counter make one up for me on fly. Kale, cucumber, celery, apple & other stuff I can't remember. I also had a slice of their homemade pumpkin pie - It was so yummy!
5	Amazing Food and amazing service! I wish we had this in Orange County I would eat here on a daily basis. Healthy clean foods, very similar to Lemonade in LA but with better food and Cheaper... Go there and get the Ruben, and the beet salad is to die for... Great Place will be going there again on my next trip to vegas!
5	I always wanted too try this place since close too my house. I heard only great reviews about it plus my roommate gone and rave about the B Reuben. My first impression was this place is really cool. I LOVE the earth tone colors on the walls and funny pics of smiling vegetable on the menu board. The tables each one has flowers on them so not just plain table and chairs! Well light brings out all the positive and relaxing vibe of the restaurant. I went into the same location before when it was called Harold Kitchen. It SO much more upgrade in decor and hopefully Presto Cafe will stick around. I decided too have the B Reuben and try on of there salads. It basically a la carte. The salads or basically sides look really good, fresh, and they let you try any or all of them if want.. I enjoy the way all the sides are presented right in front of you. Nice clean, easy too read description card in front of each one, and not just salad have desserts all lined up presented in the same fashion. I went with the israel couscous, wild mushrooms, parm, truffle vinaigrette as my side salad. The B Reuben is by FAR just topped my old best Reuben at Steiners hand down. It looks delicious, fresh, and you just want too manga. The Raisin Rye Bread is so good! It got perfect grill mark from panini press style, toasted perfection nice crispy, and get that toasted crust first thing bite into then rest is unreal. The red cabbage (most places it typical sauerkraut) slaw so much flavor, gruyere cheese, julienne carrots, and russian dressing brings everything full circle. The corned beef nice hot, moist, and could tear up corned beer by itself!!!! I so agree with Misti its Reuben ecstasy next thing know done and not that big of sandwich but good thing got salad. The salad was just as amazing as the sandwich. The israel cous cous is cooked perfectly. The wild mushroom, fresh parm, and all tossed in black truffle vinaigrette. Black truffle oil and mushroom is like peas in pod. They just go hand in hand. It perfect side dish and between both perfect lunch not too heavy but just right! The service was top notch from first step in the place was greeted with warm welcome. She explained too me the whole menu, whether it was my first time visit,  and went over the salads. If wanted too try anyone of the salads. She brought out my lunch. She checked up on me during my lunch. You even get dollar off your bill check in on Yelp. Dam it! Between Buldogi and Presto Cafe nice know that restaurant and cares about us Yelpers! Without doubt plan on coming back again! =) Lot more of the menu looking forward too checking out.
5	It's place is awesome. They have gourmet sandwiches and a selection of house made healthy and creative salads.I had the turkey sandwich with an over- easy egg. When I was eating it, the soft yolk was dripping out. Yum! Beside the egg, the bacon was applewood smoke and the turkey was good deli turkey. By let me tell you my favorite part about the sandwich... The bread was thin! They didn't use a big slice where you feel like they are trying to fill you up on bread. This sandwich was definitely meat and vege heavier. I also had the farro salad with arugula and parmesan cheese and tandoori chicken salad with cucumbers, and mango. You pay by the scoop, it is really reasonable and the ingredients are fresh and high quality. I would definitely go back and often! Maybe I will see you there :)
4	If you're looking for a great sandwich in a cute spot, this is the place.  Not only are the people great, but the food is, too.  I love their concentrated menu of juices, healthy sides, and unique sandwich options.  Sure, you can get a ham and guyere anywhere, but they sprinkle some dried sweet blueberries and funions to make it even better.  I truly suggest their meatball sliders, as they are soft, savory, and just the right amount of food.  They provided us complimentary apple and strawberry salad, which was delish and a great contrast to the meaty sliders.  Their reuben is filling and their cole slaw is vinegar based, making for a crunchy, tangy, meaty meal.  Overall, great menu, prices, and taste.  I'll definitely be back for more.
5	This place has amazingly good food. I just had the Ham and Cheese Please sandwich, and it was one of the most delicious sandwiches I've ever had. The Tandoori Chicken Salad is also to die for. On top of that, everything is fresh and healthy. I love this place!
4	Popped in for lunch with my brother. He heard about the Ruben and wanted to give it a try. It's a cute spot. It was different that I expected but we were warmly welcomed and menu items were explained when we mentioned it was our first visit. I couldn't resist the ham and cheese please. It was the oddest sandwich I've ever encountered. I had to know what it was like. Well? It was delicious. I'm not often a fan of ham, but this was very good with the gruyere, blueberries, funyuns and chipotle mayo. My brother was satisfied with his Ruben, but agreed the ham & cheese stole the show. As an added bonus, they serve shangri la tea which happens to be my favorite.
4	Great new local spot, tucked away off Rainbow/Tropicana! Great place to take your taste buds on a mini-vacation! Immediately greeted by friendly and knowledgeable staff/owner... LOVE THAT!!! Tonight, we ordered a PIDES (don't make the mistake and say it wrong like me... PE-DAY) The "Greek" and the "Italian". A delicious twist to the Turkish dish... Big enough to share... We ordered a few of the salads as well and were not disappointed! The Israeli cous cous is a great side salad and the Tandoori chicken salad was AMAZING as well... This place NEEDS SOME RECOGNITION!!!! I love locally owned places, and I especially love locally owned chefs who make their food from scratch! If you're looking for something nutritious and delicious, try PRESTO Cafe! You'll be surprised at how great the food is! I am looking forward to trying some of their gluten-free desserts! I will be in again to try out their breakfast menu!
5	This review was based out of their Ruben Sandwich, which was absolutely awesome! When I saw the sandwich, I was like maybe I'll eat the other half tomorrow since it's kinda big and I'm not that hungry. But when I had the first bite... Hmmm... The sandwich was very addicting. I just kept eating and eating till I saw that I just finished the whole thing!Salad (Farro, Arugula, Spinach, Radish, Feta) was also yummy. Very refreshing with its citrus dressing. I also tried the Tropical Wake Me Up smoothie and it was also good. It's all natural. Try it! I'll be back! Make sure you check in to avail of the $1 discount.
4	If you are in the southwest area of town, and you have a sandwich craving, look no further than Presto Cafe.  For all the Subways, Port of Subs, Firehouse Subs, and Capriotti's throughout the valley, I haven't really had a chance to enjoy a local sandwich spot until now.  If supporting the local economy isn't enough of a reason to shop locally, Presto Cafe's sandwiches should do the trick.So far I've had the pleasure of trying:Israeli couscous salad (wild mushrooms, Parmesan, lemon truffle: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/presto-cafe-las-vegas?select=Bkxds9f5hBK3_JoZIbas4g#Bkxds9f5hBK3_JoZIbas4g): I enjoy this salad a lot with the lemon truffle flavoring, but it could use less parmesan and more mushrooms.  Expect cheese in every bite; otherwise it's a great salad.Strawberry and arugula salad (with blue cheese and sherry): A simpler salad.  I'm a fan of strawberries and arugula on their own, but I can't say I'm a fan of them together.B. Ruben Sandwich (corned beef, cabbage, gruyere cheese, Russian dressing: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/presto-cafe-las-vegas?select=ltbV10WKOaqkKK1A5HGeEg#ltbV10WKOaqkKK1A5HGeEg): Ohhh that dressing.  And that bread.  And that corned beef.  I could go on.  And that cheese.  And I'm done.  On paper it seems like a decent corned beef sandwich.  In your mouth it's an avalanche of juicy ingredients.  Eat this sandwich alone; time spent talking to a dining partner is better spent eating this sandwich.Ham & Cheese Please sandwich (local smoked ham, gruyere cheese, blueberries, Funions, chili mayo). It's an odd mix of ingredients with the blueberries, but it turns out well.  It's a really good ham sandwich, and the blueberries aren't over powering.Expect to pay a bit more for a meal here than other places; a sandwich and one scoop of salad will run you about $10 or so.  It is quality food though, so don't let that deter you.  I've only come by during dinner time, and I've been the only customer, yet I noticed that it's taken a while to get my food.  I get that it's made to order, but it took a good 10-15 minutes for my order each time; hopefully it's not a typical thing, since that time could add up if there are multiple customers there.Presto Cafe has a lot going for it.  I want to try more of their salads, and eventually one of their pides.  They also have a smoothie menu that I haven't had a chance to try.  It'll be hard not to go back and just get the ruben or ham & cheese sandwich again, but that's not really a bad problem to have.
5	Reading all the rave reviews on Yelp, I decided to try this place out with one of my friends. The girl behind the counter was kind enough to explain all the different things on the menu and what was popular, etc. All the other workers were extremely nice as well, even asking how our food was when we were seated. I ordered the Ham and Cheese Please. It didn't taste like any other sandwich I've had before! There were funyons in it and blueberries as well. The chili mayo was a great addition to the taste. I enjoyed it very much. It might have been a little over toasted but nothing that took away from the taste. My friend had the meatball sliders and they were good as well. The pesto sauce made the flavor stand out a bit more. Overall, it was a good experience and I'll be back to try the other menu items!
5	I've used Yelp for years, but this place was so good, I had to make an account.  Do yourself a favor and eat here.  I'm a fan of doing a few things well, over doing a lot of things mediocre.  Every option sounds healthy and delicious.  The main menu is a little small, but they have six or seven salads they sell by the scoop.  Was in town on business and had lunch here with a few coworkers.  We liked it so much, we came back for breakfast and lunch the next day.  Every time I go to/drive through Vegas, I'm stopping there again.  It was excellent.
5	Definitely recommended!! The ham and cheese sandwich is like no other       I've had before. Great, healthy selection at a great price. Customer service was amazing.
5	If you are looking for a healthy place to eat, this is it. Super clean, friendly staff and great food. Perfect place for a relaxing lunch or to grab a juice on-the-go.
5	I walked in craving a tuna sandwich and was kinda bummed when they had none of the sort on their menu. After a girl greeted me from behind the counter she explained the break down of how their menu worked. They have 8 salad options, all which they sell by the scoop so you can mix up your selections if you chose to do so. They have an interesting breakfast menu they serve all day--the green eggs and ham flat bread caught my attention. They also have pides, which are type of flat bread where they have a Greek, Italian or Blanco to chose from.  There's also a juice bar, soup options, and protein add-ons.I was sold on the Israelian couscous salad with a truffle dressing. -AND-After coming here I'm in here several different occasions after, I am in lust with this place.  Try their veggie sandwich, my personal favorite, which I sub the goat cheese out for gorgonzola.For you meat eaters, I've been told the ruben sammich is to die for!
5	Great Pide's and there Green Goodness juice is awesome. Breakfast Burrito special is great too.  Love this place !
5	Just tried for the first time today. It was wonderful. So fresh and healthy. I got the Greek Pide and it was delicious. Also, try the brain power smoothie! Yuumm. And reasonably priced for the quality.
4	Eating healthy isn't exactly cheap... But your body is a temple and you should treat it as one!! I have been to Presto Cafe twice now, and each time my wallet cries a little... but I quickly tune it out. On my first visit I had the turkey sandwich ($9) and a brain power smoothie. Turkey sandwiches can be boring, but not here.... The cranberry walnut bread they use is AMAZING, the applewood bacon really complimented the turkey and cheese, and the veggies were very fresh. The smoothie was delicious... But $6 for a 20 oz smoothie is pretty steep. On my second visit I decided to go with one of the 8 salads Presto offers up daily. Salads are sold by the scoop, I decided to get two scoops of the strawberry arugula salad and added some grilled chicken for some protein. The salad had everything I wanted, in addition to the arugula and berries it also had sliced green apples and crumbled blue cheese. So delicious.  Presto's employees are awesome, they give recommendations and carried on conversations without being annoying or pushy. You can tell they are passionate about their work. The next time you are craving a sandwich, skip the chains and support a local eatery. It will cost you a little more but both your body AND your community will be better off if you do so.TIP: Take advantage of the Yelp check in offer, $1 off your bill!!
5	My first time @ Presto...WOW!! after going to and leaving other "healthy" places in town unsatisfied, this place finally fit the bill.The only thing more amazing than the fresh food is the service. The food and juices here are priced very well for being as healthy as they are.Ham & Cheese is ridiculously good. I could go on all day, just go yourself. You will not  be disappointed.
5	great .. i had the greek pide w/ scoop of farro (omg) and quinua spring mix... the salads are great but too small, pide good price two can share
4	Their pides (pee-days) are amazing and huge. A cross between a pizza and open face sandwich with a middle eastern twist, these seasoned flatbread pies are covered in yummy toppings. I had  tomato, pesto, and cheese. They also have a good variety of fruit and vege smoothies. In a strip mall west of the Strip, so the ambience is lacking. However, it's worth the surface road traffic to get there.
4	Went here for the first time with my fiance for lunch. It was excellent! I had the turkey sandwich and she had the meatball sliders. The sandwich was excellent. Cranberry bread, applewood smoked bacon, lettuce and avocado. It was very fresh and tasted great. I didn't try her sliders, but I did try the pesto that topped them and it was awesome!I definitely recommend this place if you are looking for simple, healthy, and low-priced.
5	truffle couscous is extremely addicting! I love this place not only for it's amazing food but their helpful staff. not only do they have the patience to go through the menu with you for all you first timers but they are eager to do it which to me earns them more than 5 stars if I could!! they also let you sample the salads as well!!!
5	Breakfast wrap was fantastic!! It was the perfect size with plenty of filling-ness, but it was definitely not a "gut bomb" like Roberto's or Fausto's breakfast burritos. This one I'm sure had 10% of the calories of those, too. It was fresh, perfect amount of egg-and-cheese to rest of the fillings. Will definitely be back for another breakfast wrap!
4	As soon as I walked in, I was greeted by the cashier. The ambiance is a cute happy vibe. They give you BIG sandwiches. Normally I eat one and save the other one for later. They add a little salad on the side. The food is very healthy and fresh! Pretty good!
2	Over the past weekend I was in the area; a friend recommended this place to me for lunch as I was rather famished.it's a nice little shop with quaint tables. The place is very well decorated. The staff deserve an A+. I found the food to be "okay" but nothing to write home to mom about. it cost me $11.87 for a turkey sandwich and a fountain iced tea. I think my heart skipped a beat or two when she told me the cost.Comparing them to other well-known sandwich shops; my opinion if they brought the price down to Earth, they may do better. Some people might not mind, but at prices like that I won't be back.
4	Food tastes very fresh and they use quality ingredients.
4	We lunched at Presto Cafe on a shared B Reuben with corned beef topped with a unique purple cabbage slaw, Russian dressing and Gruyere cheese plus a scoop of one of their 8 prepared salads. It was a difficult choice but we settled on the one made with black beans, avocado, corn, tomato, onion, and cilantro. All the ingredients were very fresh and the staff was exceptionally friendly
5	I love the entire idea of this place, and the passion the owners have for the food is just beautiful and refreshing. If you haven't been here before, go now because you are missing out ;)
5	My doctor recommended this place so I went after my appointment a couple weeks ago. They had about six different salads that you can mix and match and even try samples of them. I am trying to like kale but didn't care for that sample (bitter). I had the beet salad (with oranges and onion) and the Couscous (with mushrooms and cheese) and they were both really good. You forget you're eating healthy. I can't wait to come back and try the homemade meatballs and more salads. I hope they open another location in Summerlin. It's a welcome addition to Las Vegas. Staff is friendly and interactive.
5	Best lunch spot in the area BY FAR!!! Not only is the food delicious, but the guys that work there are extremely friendly and helpful. My mom was visiting for the weekend and went there by herself one day while I was working and came home saying the exact same thing - they are the friendliest staff ever! She also went back a second time by herself because she thought the food was so good. The menu is small, but it's all very good. The green eggs and ham breakfast pizza is my favorite, however there is nothing on their menu that isn't delicious. I HIGHLY recommend this place!!!
4	I have been driving by Presto Cafe for months. I am so glad that I finally stopped there on my way home(starving) from work. I was so happy that the cashier was patient and understanding with all my questions about the menu items. I ordered a green goodness smoothie and a vegetarian sandwich. The sandwich was HUGE! Let's just say that I am still very fully and satisfied after my meal. There was a very nice selection of salads that can be ordered by the scoop. I will be back to try another smoothie and for a salad and maybe one of those delicious looking pastries. Thanks again to the employees who were very friendly and who seemed proud to be serving such healthy and delicious foods.
5	So glad I finally came here! My friend and I split the Greek pide and it was DELICIOUS. The crust was perfect, super cheesy, and the pesto was great. Really fresh ingredients. We also had a scoop of the Israeli couscous with mushrooms. SO GOOD. And they gave us a complimentary pastry! Will definitely be back.
4	So my husband calls and says bring me something "healthy" for lunch. He has an odd definition of healthy but Presto Cafe came to mind, we drive by it almost daily and haven't tried it yet. The menu is small but decided on the Turkey Sandwich. It was really good, and felt "healthy". All the ingredients worked well together, the Walnut Cranberry bread was a pleasant addition. It was a decent sized sandwich but I feel it is a tad over priced.Pleasant staff, clean restaurant.I went a second time and tried the Ham and Cheese Please, it was interesting but I liked the Turkey sandwich better. I also got a cup of the soup of the day which was Potato, Corn and Ham (which I think was actually bacon), it was very delicious. Great taste.I will continue to visit this neighborhood establishment.
4	This place has healthier food that is very good. Great for lunch!!
5	This place is right down the street from me and I eat there a few times a month.  Sure there is a lot of healthy stuff on the menu, but I am no health nut... I'm no slob either, but when it comes time to make a decision, I'm not putting something in my mouth unless it tastes good. That's the deal. That's why I was pleased to find there are a lot of things at Presto that offer a nice compromise between healthy and straight-up fucking delicious. The Ham and Cheese Sandwich is one such item, at first I was like "WTF? Blueberries and Funyuns?" -- now I will never have one without them. The Pides are another such item. The Ruben, The Meatball.  Basically, what I am getting at is -- Men, Women who like to eat -- don't let the healthy reputation scare you off. There is something satisfying here no matter how large your appetite.
5	great menu! i had the vegetable sandwich and my friend had the turkey. all the ingredients were fresh. where was a lot of flavor in my sandwich. i honestly dont remember what was in it. =Pim assuming they were the owners since it looked like they were all family, but everyone asked me if i had any questions or wanted to try any of the salads. they brought out this bread thing from the back and put it next to the salads while i was eating. i asked the lady what it was. haha she was so soft spoken i had to get up and walk over to her. even when i got closer she spoke so softly. she seemed really sweet.hope they stay around since they have a very healthy menu.
5	I love love love love this place! It's a few blocks from work & I go here daily. I usually get the breakfast wrap with the green goodness smoothie with no agave! I have a routine down, Presto for Breakfast & Greens & Proteins for Lunch! You should really check this place out, Reza & his cousin are great guys and are always so nice and polite. Friendly faces are good to see!
4	As a first timer to Vegas I once again turned to yelp for some help... I would say for Vegas this place is very reasonably priced considering the price of everything on and near the strip and casinos... If the food is worth the price I do not mind paying a little extra for fresher local ingredients... No farms, no food, it's simple...  I ordered the Ruben on focaccia. The corn beef was delicious thinly sliced and just the right amount on the sandwich. They use red cabbage, Russian dressing and Gruyere cheese. It also came with a small sample of strawberry apple salad which was delicious as well.. I really enjoyed the sandwich it was fresh and filled me up without making me feel heavy. My other got a blanco pide which is a much heavier dish because of all the cheese but he said the ingredients were fresh and the flavor combinations were really good. The pides are large and he could not finish it and brought it to the hotel and finished it later. We also ordered a morning wake up smoothie and it Was truly amazing!!! The drinks are a little pricey but all and all I feel for Vegas the food was fairly priced... $4.50 for coconut water? Holy moly! The service was great fast and prompt. For a cafe the man running the register (maybe owner) checks on you through your meal to make sure all the food is good.
5	Today I had one scoop from  3 of Presto cafe's salads :1) Faro, asparagus, spring onion, radish, parmigiana reggiano, arugula, lemon. (pretty darn good and I honestly didn't expect to like this one very much.)2) Israeli couscous, wild mushrooms, Parmesan, lemon truffle (freaking AMAZING and I will gladly go back to enjoy this salad again!)3) Strawberry, arugula, apple, blue cheese, sherry (decent but I could have done without, it wasn't bad but it wasn't anything special.)And I finished it off with a regular Green Goodness smoothie (Apple, Avocado, Banana, Spinach, Kale, Ginger, Agave nectar.) It was pretty good, the girl at the counter told me it was their most popular one. I have never had a smoothie with kale in it and it wasn't off putting like I expected it might be. The prices were very reasonable! The staff was friendly and helpful.I would recommend this place to anyone who had a long night or someone who just enjoys good healthy food.A great bonus is that kids eat free on Friday's after 4pm
5	Local produce. Love it. I love a good sandwich, and after looking over the pictures on Yelp, I needed to try one of each. I ended up getting the Greek Pide (pronounced pee-day), it was like a Greek salad in a doughy basket. It was delicious. Also snuck a meatball slider off my friends plate, that was equally good. To balance my lunch and to make myself feel better, I order one of their fresh squeezed green juices. They have plenty of juice/smoothie options.I love the salads here, you can order by the scoop, and it's so cheap! I had a full plate (only two scoops) and it was $5.68. Right! What a great family owned cafe, at the corner of Rainbow/Tropicana.
5	Family run restaurant with really good customer service.Everything here tastes really fresh. You can tell right away that the quality of food is really good here. I recommend the Corned Beef Reuben and the Tandoori Chicken side dish. The Chicken Tandoori is really refreshing. I'll definitely be coming here every week.
4	Great turkey sandwich and smoothie was tasty. Delicious healthy food.
4	Fresh, healthy and local. I finally got a chance to try Presto today for dinner. The prices are a little more expensive than I was anticipating but the quality more than makes up for it. I ordered a Ham & Cheese Please which is ham, gruyere, blueberries and Funyuns on bacon bread. I ordered my fella and mom the turkey sandwich with avocado, bacon and cheese on cranberry bread. they are served panini style which was nice touch. Everything was delicious. They have lots of salad, breakfast, juice and smoothie options, all made fresh. They also had flat breads that are calling my name for next time. The food takes a while to make, but patience is worth it and everything was fantastic. I can't wait to come back and try some of their other menu options. It's so great to have healthy and fresh options in the area.
5	I've been to Presto many times and it never disappoints! My favorite is their breakfast sandwich on cranberry walnut bread. The sandwiches are delicious, their salad bar is delicious, their smoothies are delicious & best of all they have amazing people working there. Great, friendly people that are there to help and give you great quality food!
4	Very good, fast, and different, my wife has visited 8 times at least.  I have been here 2 times and thought it deserved to be recognized especially since.  I have never seen food sold by the scoop, but it works.  Certain things you get huge portions and the other things its the opposite.  I still highly recommend it
5	Food is great! Not a huge fan of the Rueben but I've had the turkey sandwich a bunch of times. All the salads are great.
4	Always looking for great food and healthy options!! This place hit the spot. Right down the road from where we live. Small place,clean and very comfortable, quiet with good mellow music the day we came in (witch I like on my days off). I ordered the Ham and Cheese Please, with two scoops of Israeli couscous with wild mushrooms,parmesan, and lemon truffle and a Berry Goood 4 U smoothie. My husband order the Meatball sliders. We sat down wondering why this place wasn't busier from all the Yelp reviews. While we're waiting for our food we saw a lot of regulars coming in and ordering takeout food.Our food came out in a timely manner. My Ham and Cheese please had local smoked ham ( I could taste maple in it too), cranberries instead of blueberries (the menu states because of freshness and seasonal items might be substituted), funions, field greens, chilli mayo on rustic bacon cheese bread. This sandwich is one of the best sandwiches I have ever had, I loved the ham and the funions just a enough to give it a nice crunch. I'm glad we got two scoops of the Isreal couscous this is addicting with a wonderful truffle flavor. My husband enjoyed his meatball sliders. The sliders weren't all beef it had a mixture of a another meat tasted like lamb. He didn't order a side salad but when they served his plate it came with a complimentary salad with strawberries, nice touch. I can't forget about my berry good 4 u shake it was made with all fresh ingredients wich included strawberries, raspberries, blackberries, banana, and apple juice. There was two sizes I went with the smaller one, I'm gald I did because it very filling and refreshing.Me and my husband are looking forward to returning and trying out the menu. Very curious about the Pides.
5	One of my favorite places in the whole city. They make great juices and sandwiches like the Green Goodness and Ham & Cheese please but my personal favorite is the Blanco Pides. Truly everything is great and you can't wrong its all just so fresh. Also try the salads and treats like Zucchini Bread.
5	Wonderful food & excellent customer service!    Fridays are family night & kids eat free.  Organic whole foods in every item including on the spot juicing to order!  They have gluten free bread & other gluten free options, a real treasure in Spring Valley
5	The food is surprisingly fresh and very very tasty!!  I got the beet salad, couscous with mushroom and truffle vinaigrette, and quinoa with mint and kale. The best I have had. Flavors are absolutely fresh!  The turkey sandwich was delicious as well!  Definitely going back!  A must for healthy eaters and those that want great taste without the bad stuff!!
5	While browsing the web looking for somewhere healthy to get some lunch for myself, I found this place.  The reviews were pretty high and it is not too far from where I live so I decided to check it out.The menu was a bit confusing, as I had no idea what some of the categories even were.  Luckily the cahier could tell I was a bit lost and started giving me information and also suggested things that were the most popular items.  I ended up ordering a Green Goodness juice and a Greek Pide.  Together they came out to be about $15 which was more than I intended to spend, but it ended up being well worth it!  The juice was fantastic and as I waited I watched them make each one ordered and they were jam packed with amazing fresh ingredients!  The Pide I ordered simply because I was curious and it was one of the tastiest things I have had in quite some time, in fact as I am writing this review I am getting quite hungry for one right now :D.  Everything was very fresh and delicious!  Well worth the price.Fantastically clean, fresh, quality, delicious, great customer service!  Perfect place for a healthy breakfast or lunch for those on the go.
5	Stopped here for a quick lunch, the food was so fresh and delicious! Great customer service and a simple but creative menu. Yum!
5	I made my first visit here this past weekend and I have to say the food is legit.  Some of the healthiest eats around town.  Sandwiches and shakes are amazing.  Don't waste your time going to Subway or Panera, eat fresh local produce at Presto!!
4	I've been here multiple times and still haven't written a review? I think it's time I get on it. I've been on this healthy eating streak so when I was on this side of town and wanted to meet one of my favorite yelpers for lunch after my hair appointment, this place popped up automatically. It can get busy during lunch time, but we were surprised to walk into an almost empty place on a Saturday afternoon. It's a cute little spot. Simple menu with reasonably priced items. You have to remember you are eating healthier, so expect to pay a little more for your meal. It's delish food, so you won't be disappointed. They have all their specialty salads in front of you so and all their items are made fresh to order. I defaulted to my Green Eggs & Ham flatbread. I always want to try other things, but it's just so good I order it every time. Flatbread topped with roasted red peppers, ham, eggs over medium, cheese and pesto. I also ordered their special salad, which I was told they were only going to have for one more month. It had figs, edamame and seared ahi tuna tossed with a teryaki marinade. OMG everything was so good. You can really taste the freshness of the food. I ate all of it and I was so full, but I didn't get the fata$$ feeling I get when I devour that much food. Loren ordered the vegetarian sandwhich. I didn't try it, but it looked amazing. Huge sandwhich packed full of vegetables. So colorful too. I did order a Ham & Cheese Please sandwhich for the bf. I didn't get to try it either since I had to drop it off to him at work, but he said it amazing. I will definitely have to try it next time, especially since they put Funions in it. Yes, that's right, Funions!!!! The employees were super friendly and helpful. And you get $1 off your bill when you check  in! How can I not come back?
4	I'm a big fan of Turkish food and there's almost none to be found in Vegas until I saw pide being served here! So I took my friends with me and ordered the white pide. It was really cheesy, soft, and more American than Turkish but it was still pretty good. My friends ordered their sandwiches and they were very decently sized. A good lunch spot with many healthy options.
4	The ham and cheese please and the turkey sandwiches were really good. Their side kale salad were good also. Neither me and my husband really liked the smoothies, he had the Green Machine and I had the Tropical Wake Up and they were quite bland. I would go back for the sandwiches and salad (we shared a cup of the Kale salad). It is pricey but I really enjoy eating healthy so I would recommend it.
5	Well this place feeds the sences I can not get over the cranberry walnut bread not to mention the pesto! Get in and try this place!
5	My favorite place to go for lunch in my neighborhood. I love the food and the way I feel after the meal: healthy and energized. The portions are just right and the salads are always delicious.
5	One of my favorite hang outs with the family! Love the Pides and the salads! Our favorite is the Green Eggs and Ham! Yes, it's called that and it is soooo good! The food tastes very fresh and it is definitely one of the best healthy restaurants to eat!
5	Service is great. The employees are very friendly and helpful.Check in and you will get $1 off your order ...which you should drop in the tip jar because the staff is just amazing.I am just in love with their Ruben sandwich. The dressing  complements all the ingredients of the sandwich just perfectly. My mouth is just eager to take another bite after bite after bite. I am sure that there are other items on the menu that I would like but I will not risk giving up experiencing this euphoric feeling to adventure off. I do however try a different smoothie every time I stop into Presto. My favorites are the Berry good 4 u shake and the veggie goodness.
5	Super impressed with our first visit. Friendly staff and great food.  Had the green eggs and ham flat bread and the ham and cheese please and enjoyed them tremendously. Can't wait to go back and try other menu items.  Job well done.Been back multiple times -- both service and food quality remain at the highest standard!
5	Driving by we saw the Presto sign and decided to stop in and give it a try.  I'm a fairly picky eater so I'm not usually a fan of trying something new.  I was super glad I gave this place a try.  I had the meatball sliders and my friend had the porchetta sandwich and a side of chicken corn chowder.  We were both very pleased with all of the food.  The bread for both of our sandwiches was fresh and delicious.  All of the good tasted homemade.  I will definitely be back.
2	Let me ask you something if you had 40 minutes for lunch would you be upset if you got your sandwich 9 minutes before you had to be back at work? This is what happened to me today . I walked in here and there was NO CUSTOMERS there, I order a simple turkey sandwich, sat down and proceeded to watch as 4 people walk in, order and get their sandwich etc before me ( they were no called in advance).  One of the workers had a string of to go orders he was working on prior to even starting my order.  I tentatively ask about its progress and I'm told it will be 4 minutes which turns into ten. When I finally get the sandwich I am forced to eat while I drive back to work. The actual sandwich was fine. But not worth waiting 30 minutes for! Avoid if you have less than an hour for lunch.Btw I tipped them and there wasn't even an apology!
5	We went to this place on a whim. We ordered our food and sat down. About 5 mins passed and the cook came out and had us try a salmon slider. OMG, is all I have to say. Deffo coming back.
4	I do a lot of Yelp scanning, almost on a daily basis looking for places to try that day or to store in the memory bank for future dining excursions, so I was a little shocked when Presto Cafe popped up out of nowhere in whatever page of whatever search result I tried.   Anything averaging 4 stars or better with more than 50 reviews is enough for me to try.   Plus the pictures of all the different sandwiches looked really good, so it was a done deal and I drove through pouring rain among what I consider the worst drivers in the world.   Ah, the power of a sandwich.It was between 3 options for me on the sandwich front based on the Yelp reviews.  Even though I consider myself fairly adventurous on the dining front (I ate a pig blood popsicle smothered in peanuts and hot sauce in Taiwan a month ago for God's sake), something about the Blueberry and Funyun combo really sounded unappealing to me.  Instead I told my friend to order that and I went with the safe turkey/cranberry bread one.   I did an extra scoop of the kale salad as well because I'm really trying to embrace this kale thing before beets officially take it over as the sexy vegan food of the moment (for the record when Subway unveils the Chicken Kale sub is when you know it's over)I'm happy to report the sandwich and salad were both incredibly delicious.   It's hard to go wrong with a Turkey, Avocado, Bacon, Mayo sandwich on cranberry bread, but it's also difficult to nail each and every component, and I felt Presto Cafe did.   The salad was also incredibly tasty which came as a surprise to me because I normally subscribe to the Ron Swanson theory that salad should be reserved for rabbits.  This had feta, cranberries, mint vinaigrette and cashews though, so it'd be pretty good eatin' for a rabbit.  I devoured both scoops.  I guess there's a scoop free with the sandwich order?   Nothing was said about this and honestly if I'd know I probably would have tried something different for the extra scoop or maybe even have decided the one scoop was enough.   Leave it to me to complain about a FREE scoop of salad.  My friend really enjoyed his ham, blueberries and funyun sandwich.   I would have tried it too but we're not really on that level of friendship.   No in all seriousness nothing was coming between me and my turkey sandwich, especially not some insane mix of funyuns and blueberries.   Going with a 4 instead of 5 just due to the price being a little more than I would normally spend on a sandwich and a couple scoops of salad ($14 or so with the drink).  That's not to say it wasn't worth the price though because I do feel it was, so maybe I just woke up on the wrong side of the bed this morning (which would explain the complaining about the free salad).
5	This is right next to my office. We go here for lunch all the time! Everything is good but the salads are only $2.25 a scoop, get two and you're set for a healthy, tasty and cheap lunch. They now have a dinner menu too! The staff is friendly and helpful. I hope they open more locations.
5	Presto Cafe is one of the best in town at what they do!Presto Cafe is not your standard cafe.  They are a solid 4.5 stars as a normal lunch spot for me, but they also have a ton of vegan, vegetarian, and healthier options...and no one else does this with wraps, salads, soups, smoothies, and sandwiches as well as they do--so well that it is a no-brainer for me to give them 5 stars!I first came in for smoothies, but soon came to love the rest of their menu.  I have been a big fan of several of their daily soups, their side dishes (which are amazing), and several of their sandwiches and wraps since then.  Check out their B.Ruben, Meatball Sliders, or get a couple incredible sides and add your own protein!The staff is helpful and wonderfully friendly and they usually have a Yelp Check-In offer too!
5	This place is simply amazing! This was our second time going for lunch and it didn't disappoint at all! First of all, the staff are really friendly and their food is always fresh. Last time we were there, we got to sample a crusted salmon slider... insanely delicious! Today I have a couple of their salads (the bean salad and the tandoori chicken salad) along with a bbq chicken pide and an all Berry smoothie. I would definitely recommend this place to those looking for a healthy meal and a great enviroment!
5	Looking for something healthy/awesome/quick? Vegan? Vegetarian? (Or not, there are plenty of meaty options too)  This is your place! Loved the Israeli couscous salad and juices and smoothies. Great for lunch!
5	Green eggs and ham, all day, every day. Not the Dr. Seuss kind either. I'm talking about the real deal that this place serves up. Not to mention, the Israeli couscous is crazy good as well! If you're in the neighborhood and feel like eating something amazing--think no more and make the trip here. Your taste buds will thank you.
5	A hidden gem!  You must try this place.  The food is so fresh with many healthy options and smiling service.  The menu is very unique and tasty!  I especially love the breakfast sandwich and the shakes.  This is one of my new favorite breakfast spots.  Its great, food ready in a jiffy; and the guys working the place are super friendly as well as easy on the eyes.  You gotta check out this spot its truly a diamond in the rough of Southwest Las Vegas.
4	Came here after seeing good reviews on yelp. Had a delish arugula, apple, strawberry, blue cheese salad. I want to make it back here to try one of their juice drinks.
5	Wow! What a find, we live in the southwest, the short drive was So worth it! We had the breakfast bowl, green eggs and ham and two fresh juices for breakfast! We love the flavors of everything and really liked that it wasn't over seasoned at all! We will definitely be back! We even got two of the salads for lunch on our way out!
5	Good experience..  Not heavy at all..  It was out first time there and the guys had so much patience explaining everything
5	A great local place to try! The breakfast is yummy! A lot of different items on the menu, very creative. the service is really friendly and welcoming. And the juice is fresh and tasty. Will be coming back again!
5	Soo delicious!! Obsessed with this place!Finally I found a place that has healthy, delicious, and reasonably priced food! I had the vegetarian sandwich with the quinoa salad and fell in love!
5	Upon walking in, I was pleased to see there were plenty of tables at this little cafe... So One would not have to worry about finding a place to sit. The guy who greeted us at the counter was happy to explain the menu. Sandwiches, salads, entrees, and even breakfast! This place is great. All fresh ingredients & a great stop for an on the go bite to eat.
5	We found presto via yelp and was pleasantly surprised. The reviews were right on. Interesting menu. The Israeli couscous was delicious as was the Greek pide. The pide is big. Sharing is recommended. Never seen green eggs and ham like that. The owners were very friendly and personal.
4	Decided to drop in for lunch on a Tuesday afternoon. Wanted to try a new place nearby. Small little place on the SE corner of Tropicana and Rainbow. A few tables, and a small couch seating area. "Open" kitchen area where they display the day's fresh made salads (lots of variety, about 7-10). Yelp says free wi-fi but it's password protected. May need to ask for password? Ambient music a little louder than normal, maybe require you to talk louder to one another. Prior to arriving, i was on yelp and checking out what people had suggested, and the first thing that caught my eye was the Ruben. Being a lover of corned beef or pastrami sandwiches, that was what i was going to order. After arriving, i saw the wide variety of salads they had, and one had caught my eye ! Pricing for the salad was by scoop. Something around $2.50 per scoop (pretty decent amount because i only got 1 scoop and there seemed to be more than 1 scoop) Seasonal Special (as of january 28, 2014) ($2.50/scoop) - Seared Ahi tuna, watermelon radish, edamame, quinoa, and sesame ginger dressing. OOOH this is probably one of my FAVORITE salads so far, EVER. The seared ahi tuna was nice and fresh. Edamame gave it a nice crunchy texture while the sesame ginger dressing gave a nice flavor that blended everything in. (being one that doesnt really like ginger, i didnt really taste the ginger which was great and didnt know there was ginger until i took a picture of the tag prior to leaving). There was also a lot of these white little things that i didnt know what they were but they were delicious. Asked what it was and they said it was quinoa O.o surprising. That a soft texture while holding its shape. Similar to rice but apparently really healthy for you. Something along the lines of a flat couscous? Hope i can eat this a few more times before it changes, since its a seasonal special B.Ruben ($8.99) - Corned Beef, red cabbage slaw, gruyere cheese, Russian Dressing on a Rustic Raisin Rye bread. Decent sized sandwich with a ratio of maybe 1:1 between the corned beef and red cabbage slaw. They use a pretty thin sauce for the slaw, which caused a lot of dripping while eating the sandwich. And it was quite sweet. It covered a lot of the corned beef flavor, as well as the russian dressing. The rustic raisin rye bread was not soggy (surprisingly) even by the end of the sandwich, nicely toasted and was not too hard. Overall, it tasted pretty nice but its not one of my favorite ruben's i've eaten. Overall, surprisingly, i enjoyed the salad more than the sandwich, that i originally went there for. I'd go back to try other salads and the various "pides" that people have been raving about.
3	Been here a few times in the past. Service can get kind of slow if you get a sandwich, but the salads they scoop right up for you.The B.Ruben sandwich is one that a lot of people rave about. I concur. The melding of their cabbage slaw, gruyere and corned beef.. Mmmm.Celiacs and GF folk be aware though. You can get gluten free bread, but they use a panini press for their sandwiches. Request no panini press or ask them to thoroughly clean it.
5	What a great place !!!!!!!!!!!! We couldn't decide as everything looked so good. After looking and receiving a few samples, we decided on a bowl of auch. This is a green veggie soup with kale,mint, spinach garlic and a few different types of beans. It was so unique and flavorful. The gf and I then opted for a greek pida which is like a flat calzone. so good sndnot heavy like a calzone would be. We also ordered a side of cous cous with mushrooms and truffle oil which was delish. We finished our meal with a vegggie smoothie which was made entirely of fresh fruit and veggies.   Everything here is super fresh and you can watch everything being made in front of you. The owners are there and are super nice and helpful as this was our first time here and they let us sample a few items before ordering.   We left feeling great and look forward to visiting Presto Cafe soon!!!!!!!!!!!
4	I heart Presto Cafe.  The menu is wonderful and the sides are super delicious as well. My favorite is the turkey sandwich, it's so addicting. Three words: cranberry walnut bread. Sooo good. This sandwich has a perfect blend of savory, sweet, salty, crunchy, and fatty. It's seriously so good. I like pairing this with a side, usually the strawberry, arugula, apple, blue cheese, with sherry vinaigrette cause I love me some bleu cheese. I also like the ham and cheese please because c'mon, who doesn't want funyuns in their sandwich?I've had the juices before. They're good, but nothing exciting. I've been here many a times and will keep going back. The lack of a 5th star is due to the pricing. I feel like for a sandwich and 1 scoop, it's pretty pricey. They should have like, a 1/2 sandwich (cause a whole sandwich is pretty filling) and 1 scoop combo for ~$8. The bf and I have eaten here before and have spent well over $30 for just lunch alone. Also, the last two times I was here the music was out of control loud. C'mon guys, this isn't Club Presto. But I'm definitely a fan.
5	Was hungry and yelped this and I'm glad I did!! First time here and I'm coming back! Ordered the vegetarian sandwich and sides of the Israeli couscous salad and "Seasonal" salad  with ahi and watermelon soooo delicious!!
5	I absolutely love it here. The food is fantastic. My favorites are the Israeli couscous salad & the ham & cheese please, with the vegetarian sandwich being a close second. But what I really love about this place is the service. They know what customer service is all about. Do yourself a favor & give it a try.
5	Have only been to Presto one time, but wow... it was great!  We frequent Vegas at lot, and it is so nice to find a place off the Strip.  Not to mention it is affordable and healthy.  The day that we went there, they were quite busy, yet the workers were still highly attentive to us and came to our table several times.  Lastly, I ordered the Breakfast Burrito Special.  I currently live in Los Angeles, the land of the breakfast burrito.  It was still, easily, the best breakfast burrito I had ever had!
5	Usually I equate healthy food being bland, but Presto Cafe has some of the best tasting food anywhere.  I travel a lot and eat at a lot of different places, again their food is healthy and awesome.
5	GREAT HEALTH FOOD SPOT! The dude behind the counter is excellent. They are very accommodating to any selections and changes you want. I honestly would eat here every time in Vegas if I could. Also, that bruchetta bread is insane!
4	My hubby and I as trained chefs and coming from the NW  always are on the look out for tasty food that has fresh ingredients and offers them at a decent price. This cafe does just that. Think Mediterranean menu meats fresh organic deli type food. I had the turkey sandwich which was delcious, with the seasonal seared tuna on mixed geens with a ginger seasame dressing and edamame. The sandwich was done panini style and was an addicting blend of textures and flavors all completely in sync. The salad had such a delcious dressing with just a hint of pepper heat to balance out the sweet. My hubby had the Pide (greek style flat bread?) BBQ chicken flavor and it was very good too, he ended up dipping the crust into the dressing remains of my salad. Only reason not five stars was we were served on paper plates and a plastic trays while other customers were served on actual plates with real silverware. The salad dressing made the paper plate soggy and made a bit of a mess. Although the plates and plastic wear were compostable, which I do appreciate.
5	Healthy, beautiful, and delicious! I ate dinner here with my fiance for the first time. Rick recommended the Hanger Steak Chimichurri and the Marguerite Chicken. These entrees were presented beautifully. The ingredients in both these dishes blended ever so effortlessly.We will be coming back!
5	Food is delicious, always fresh and taste homemade like your mother or grandmother is in the kitchen. Seems to be a family owned place.
5	To start off, it's a family business - which I  love to support.  They are all so cool and friendly... always sharing their knowledge on what and how it's healthy for you.  They genuinely just want to make people eat and be healthy :)I've been here plenty of times and have tried many things on their menu, and some things a few times (because they're so good) :PI love this place... It's right in between work and the gym for me, so it's so convenient!!  When I'm craving for something healthy, they have so many things to choose from: salads, sandwiches, entrees, pides, juices, and even breakfast dishes.  They have plenty of vegetarian main dishes to choose from for days that I don't want to eat meat: the vegetarian sandwich (the goat cheese makes it super tasty), gluten friendly lasagna (interestingly delicious), and Greek pide (my all time favorite).Another thing that love is their salad bar that's right in your face while you're ordering your food!  You can't help but to add a side of one to your dish! Haha Their seasonal tuna salad is the most popular... They usually run out by dinner, but they'll make you some for you at your request :P Highly recommend this place to everyone!
5	I randomly ran into this place as we were driving around looking for somewhere to eat. So glad we did!! I had the turkey sandwich, husband had the meatball pide. We also tried a side of the tandoori chicken salad which was super fresh. Everything was fantastic. We will definitely be back, can't wait to try some smoothies and fresh juices.  Great healthy, fresh spot. I wish they would open one in summerlin!! Can't wait to bring my girlfriends!
5	I love this place! Very nice people and the food is so good I had the Vegetarian sandwich - Roasted eggplant with roasted red peppers, tomatoes, Goat cheese, red onion, olive tapenade, field greens on a olive bread it as so good and the Green Goodness Smoothie- Apple, Avocado, Banana, Spinach, Kale, Ginger, Agave nectar it was GREAT,  Loved it. I think you will too.
5	A great surprise! The food was delicious, fresh and fun. I highly recommend this to someone looking for a very casual or take-out Mediterranean meal.
4	We have wanting to try this place for a long time... Unfortunately we went in on a Sunday afternoon. The place was packed and nobody looked happy. The staff was slammed! We order a Greek salad and a veggie sandwich to go...it took half an hour. But with all that being said the food was just perfect! My salad was huge and unique and the sandwich was like a work of art in flavor and appearance. Seriously we were a upset when we left but the meal completely turned us around.
5	Finally a great simple food place in Las Vegas!  I love it!  Absolutely wonderful food, great smoothies, and awesome salads. I keep complaining that's its hard to find this in Las Vegas!  I feel like I'm back in Abbott Kinney or So Bay... Minus the bicycle. I don't live or work nearby but it's worth the drive. I will be coming back very soon.
5	The place doesn't look like much, but the food is simply amazing. Especially the Greek Pride and green eggs and ham
3	I've been here a few times and I have to say that the food is really good here and the staff is really nice but what's up with the decor, blue plastic serving trays and plastic utensils!!!! Are we in a school cafeteria? Common you can do better than that!
5	found the nearest healthy spot near home. I based it off reviews and gave it a shot. the guy was really helpful I didn't get his name. I got the turkey wrap and a green smoothie. it was so good and fresh! highly recommend this place! thanks :)
5	The chefs here know how to do breakfast right. The Presto Cafe offers healthy options for the carnivorous as well as the veggie only eaters. Our friendly chef offered to modify any dishes to suit our tastes, but we certainly didn't need him to. It was delicious!The Green Eggs and Ham flatbread is one of their most popular menu items, and the pesto sauce on top is simply delectable. I ordered a southwest style scramble with black beans, potato, fried egg, and a variety of different little treats that I don't remember because I was scarfing it down.
5	We were jonesing for anything healthy during a quickie trip out to Vegas  and thanks to yelp found this place.  The food was delicious and totally hit the spot. I had the pasta-less vegetarian lasagna (sweet potato, eggplant and kale!) and my husband had the steak and eggs. Since we try to eat primal, even on vacation, they graciously substituted out the potatos for strawberry/arugula salad.  The service was excellent and the food was made from scratch.   We have found our go to place the next time we are out here.
5	One of my fave places to eat!  Friendly family atmosphere, amazing food and great service!  What more could a girl want?!
5	Have been here a few times now, diverse menu, great food, and healthy options. Always looking forward to coming back.
5	Once again Yelp has helped us find a great place for a delicious meal.This time a tiny little "sandwich shop" with a menu that blows away many a big restaurant.  Everything looks and sounds great and we can't wait to go back and try more of the items.It is not a "health food" place, but a "healthy food" place.  It has a menu that is made up of all fresh and healthy "comfort foods". They have "free range" meat selections and delicious artisan style breads.  The salads are exotic and unique in comparison to most places. Didn't get a chance to try the deserts but I bet they are good too.We shared the Tandoori Chicken Salad, the Rueben Sandwich and the Greek Pide, and they were all delicious.  They don't serve alcohol but we snuck red wine in our juice bottles and it made for a really wonderful late lunch.If they ever decide to franchise I would mortgage the house (if it ever gets its value back) to get in on one of these.  One of the co-owners served us and as it was slow mid-afternoon, was really nice and told us of their philosophy.  I think they have a winner!
5	There is no possible way to improve on this place, it's seriously some of the best food in Las Vegas.  Healthy, clean, friendly, and above all delicious!!!  I eat here 3-4 times a week, Las vegas needs more places like this.
5	Great food, great owner, and a great experience.
4	Tucked away in an unassuming strip mall, is this gem of healthy eating. Not too many reviews mention it, but this place has a stellar selection of salads, all on display at the counter for you to select as sides. They're nearly $3/scoop, but they're big scoops and the ingredients are quality- bf and I sampled the beet salad (with citrus, pickled onion, and hazelnuts), the tandoori chicken salad (with mango, papaya, coconut, cucumber, red onion, and cilantro), and the curry cauliflower salad (with kale, golden raisins, almonds, and pickled onion). Each was bursting with flavor, and getting a couple sides could easily be a light meal.For our entrees, we opted for the hangar steak chimmichurri on a bed of truffled Israeli couscous wild mushrooms risotto style and the free range marguerite chicken with quinoa, asparagus and roasted cherry tomatoes. I initially felt the $14/plate was a little steep considering average pricing for their salads, sandwiches, and other dishes- but as soon as our plates came out, it was clear that the price was worth it. The ingredients, again, were high quality, and even the plating was beautiful and made the food look good- everything looked exactly as in the photos on the menu. The taste was off the charts! The meats were clearly cooked fresh and in good portions, the sauces for each dish were complex and delicious, and the sides/vegetables complemented the protein perfectly. The guys in the kitchen clearly know what they're doing, and it shows in the care and quality that come out on each plate. I'm happy to have another healthy dining option in the area- next time, I plan to try the ahi tuna sliders or the pan-seared salmon!Side note: Take out menu states that they have happy hour 3pm-5pm daily on selected menu items. We were there at 5pm but no specials were mentioned to us, nor did we notice any on the posted dine-in menu.
4	Delicious breakfast. My husband had the breakfast sandwich and I had the breakfast bowl. Clean restaurant, friendly service. Looking forward to trying the lunch. Thank you.
3	Not a huge fan. Went with high hopes. But, grumpy staff. The name is deceiving because the food took 30 mins to come out.  And no coke products.
4	Finally got to try this gem out and boy it was worth it! This place is a hole in the wall type place, which is awesome in my opinion. Seriously, I feel like if you blink you just might miss their location. As soon as you walk in you're greeted and the cashier was great on telling us all about their menu. It was a bit busy when we arrived so a big plus to her for being able to attend us and still bring out the orders. The first thing I noticed was their amazing display of delicious looking salads. They look freshly made and each one has their own individual description. The second thing I noticed was the huge menu. It's a little overwhelming but they do have a variety of different plates . I ended up ordering their turkey sandwich and the green goodness smoothie. The total was $16 which seemed a little pricey for a typical lunch but after the first bite it was well worth it! The food is freshly made as soon as your order it so do pack some patience with you because it does take a bit to make your order and if you're planning to eat their, good luck not hitting your neighbors chair because the seating a somewhat crowded there. All in all this place was amazing! The only reason I gave it 4 stars was due to the excessive wait time since they never called out our orders and/or mentioned that they would be bring us our food when they had someone available.  Also the seating kinda was an annoyance, I felt bad having to get out of my seat since I had to keep making the guy behind me get out of his so I could have enough room to squeeze by (mind you I'm a small girl) All in all though I loved their food and service, super friendly and delicious food!
1	After seeing so many good reviews and looking over the menu, I thought this restaurant had promise.As soon as we walked in we were put off by the smell of dirty dishes and the dirty floors. The first girl to greet us was extremely unappetizing with stains all over her shirt. We looked over the "freshly" made salads and asked if we could sample a few. We sampled the couscous, kale salad, and the bean corn salad. The couscous was fine but the kale salad was unappetizing. All the elements were soggy, nuts had no crunch, and tasted like it could have been made in a dirty bowl. If it would not have been so late we would have gone else where for lunch. My girlfriend and I decided to share the breakfast wrap. The taste was not bad, but the quality of the bacon was poor. Will not be back because I make a much better wrap at home and I know the quality of ingredients being used.
5	I'm enthusiastically bumping Presto up to the Holy land of 5 star reviews.  I've done a lot of experimenting of the menu over the last several months and have been nothing but impressed with said experimentation.   Let me cover each item:1)  Greek Pide:   This was extremely delicious, but it is gigantic.   Sure I should have realized this from looking at pics, but it was so big that I was downright embarrassed to have it sitting in front of me during lunch while customers seemingly on their way in from a yoga workout walked past.  It's also extremely cheesy.   I won't be ordering it again because I'd like to live past the age of 34, but as I said, it's very tasty.   If you have a family of 8 and you're all hungry, I'd highly recommend it.   A bargain at $7.99.2) Salad with Salmon:   So you can order sides of the salad and then add protein to it.   I thought this sounded like a wondrous idea since I'm kind of obsessed with the kale salad they've been featuring for a while and salmon is always solid.   Well almost always.   I was a little disappointed in the cook of the salmon when I ordered this combo.   It seemed overcooked and not very well seasoned.  this is where they really start earning the 5 stars3)  Chicken Marguerite entree with charred cherry tomatoes and asparagus.   This was wonderful.   The chicken was moist and flavorful, the veggies were perfectly cooked, and the sauce tied the whole thing together like the Dude's rug.   at $13 without a drink it was a little more than I usually like to spend on a lunch, but I can say it was worth every penny.   It was the best thing on the menu until4) Seared Wild Ahi Tuna Sliders.   GET THESE.   I know they're $14 and you've got bills due and child support to pay and you owe the government taxes and you've been laid off and you can get 3 tacos for 25 cents at taco bell.   I dont care.  GET THESE.    The tuna was perfectly seared and seasoned.   The cabbage slaw added great crunchy texture to every bite.   My only complaint is I think it should come with a free scoop of salad as they tend to give a free scoop for the other sandwiches, and these are sandwich-ish.   My logic is sound right?   GET THESE5)  Pan Seared Salmon with a Chia Citrus Seed Reduction and veggies.   Another delicious dish.   The gentleman who took my order said it was his favorite item on the menu.   I'll be honest I was hesitant with how I felt my salmon was cooked with the side salad, but this was a completely different experience.   The salmon for this dish was perfectly cooked and moist, and the reduction was unique and flavorful.One last note which helps my 5 star bump is the music here is so in tune to my taste.   If you like "indie" rock/pop you'll feel like Presto jacked into your favorite Spotify playlists as you walk through the door.   I constantly am hearing Lorde, Chvrches, Cut Copy, Haim, etc..    It's a never ending game of "Name that Tune" with my coworker.
4	Friday lunch with the wife and we wanted to try something different. Looking to stay on the healthy side we opted for Preto Cafe. Just off of Trop on Rainbow it's in a small area of businesses. I looked at the menu online before going and decided to split a veggie sandwich. When we got there we noticed a salad bar with different healthy options, some with fruits, some with cous cous and some with a mix of both. We had the sessional special salad with seared ahi, avocado, tomatoes, quinoa, tomatoes and a vinaigrette. It was so good and I wanted more but didn't want to over do it. The veggie sandwich was equally good. It is stacked with roasted eggplant,roasted peppers,olive tapenade, and some other veggies. Just recently started eating eggplant and this is one sandwich I would order again. The prices are a bit on the high side but these are fresh ingredients so to me it's worth it. Service was on point and all the staff said hello, went out of their way to greet every customer.
5	I never would have thought this place has the food it has from driving by it from the outside.Hangar steak and eggs is a protein lovers dream.  The meatballs from the sliders should be tried at least once as well.  The salads are light and fresh which is phenomenal.  Great breakfast and lunch spot.
4	I decided to try out this place you're seeing so many reviews and the recommendation by email from Yelp. Pretty good experience overall. It's a small place with a simple selection. I wasn't sure what I was going to order. I came in for an early lunch. The ordertaking girl had no recommendation. And I was the only one in there! I had the porchetta sandwich. Pretty good sandwich. The ingredients were all fresh. Tasted of the healthy side so maybe just a little bland.
4	Got the Greek Pide...it was way too cheesy for my tastes. There were several other items on the menu I'm looking forward to trying so will definitely be back. The staff were very friendly and the restaurant was very clean.
4	I like this place because it strives to be on the healthy side and "utilizes local resources" according to their website. Not sure what that means exactly since South Nevada isn't exactly an agricultural hot spot.Anyhow, the 'pide's' are their thing. Not sure if they invented this quasi-pizza technique or what but I'd never heard of it. We tried the Greek which is the most popular - this was good but it had too much cheese. It's very much like a pizza/calzone kind of thing.I also got the Steak Chimichurri - it is pan-seared hanger steak with dallops of chimichurri sauce on top of a truffled Israeli cous-cous. The cous-cous isn't too exciting after a while. But the steak was very good. Very surprisingly good actually...very tender and high quality meat. Nice.
4	First time ever here and we will be back. My man and I enjoy trying new places especially if they are not a chain restaurant.  Stopped in after seeing there menu at the therapy place down the street. We had the Bbq pide and the veggie sandwich.  Plenty of food. And delicious.The pide crust is phenomenal if you like fresh bread or hot fresh pretzles youll be hooked. there is a  small veggie salad that comes on the side with the sandwich (cauliflower and other assorted veggies with a hint of I think rice wine vinager and curry flavor. )Only advice I have to give is if your in a rush dont bother or.  Call in your order.  Good food takes time.Can't wait to try thr Blanco. ..
4	I came here with a few of my friends after having read through all these great Yelp reviews. Let me give you a rundown of what I got to try:1. Greek Pide - I loved it! This "pide" is pretty much a pizza with tapenade, feta, and cherry tomatoes--all that good stuff! It's cheesy! I like that. This is a must-try.2. BBQ Chicken Pide - If I liked BBQ, I would definitely love this; I just had it just to try it. Lol! But it earns extra points because the chicken wasn't bland or dry. It was moist and full of BBQ goodness! Mmmm...3. Kale salad - This, for me, was THE winner. I love the combination of kale, quinoa, cranberries and feta, but the addition of cashews were what balanced out the dish perfectly! If I had to choose one dish to come back for, it would be this salad.4. Corn salad - Nothing too special. Still good though!5. Tropical Wake Up Smoothie - I read the ingredients (pineapple, mango, banana, ginger, coconut water) and thought it'd be a punch of bold, tropical flavors. I was wrong. I downed it, but couldn't help but to think it was underwhelming. I think I just made the wrong choice. I'm sure the other smoothies are delicious! Next time, I will definitely try the Green Goodness Smoothie.Overall, I think the food here is very well worth the price. You don't come across many places that offer food like this (mostly) under $10. The atmosphere is alright--it's clean and there are plenty of tables. Can't wait to come back and try their sandwiches and breakfast items! :-)
4	My car was overheating on the way to Presto... Do you think that deterred me? No effin way. My boyfriend and I were so hungry and looking at a ton of different cafes for lunch. I had showed him a picture of their prides and we both got pretty excited.We started to drive over but it was about a 25 minute drive and our car started to overheat. :( we persevered and made it there with smiles on our faces. I knew for sure that I wanted the Blanco Pride and my boyfriend took a few minutes deciding. He ended up get the Ham and Cheese Please. It had funyuns on it!! Amazing!!I ordered a side of the risotto since everyone was raving about it. I realized that I shouldn't have just a little too late. I'm burnt out on truffles and it has truffle oil all up in it. Truffles are just a little much for me but the risotto was definitely good otherwise.My pride was amazing. Oh lord. I haven't had something so good in years. I was in love. Drooling and stuffing my face at the same time. I died a little. It was nice and flaky around the edges and had SO MUCH CHEESE. I was in heaven by the end of it and I did eat it all. Well... My boyfriend had a few bites.We also got a peach smoothie that tasted super fresh and mild. Not too powerful of flavor but very delicious. Overall, super satisfied! :)
5	I recently just discovered this place & it's amazing! Everything from the food to the smoothies..healthy & delicious! The Chicken Marguerite, Turkey Sandwich & the Just Peachy smoothie are my ultimate faves!
4	We had been wanting to stop here for awhile, but keep missing the operating hours. Finally got the chance to try it out this Sunday. I was so pleasantly surprised. This place is a hidden gem! They have a really diverse menu ranging from smoothies to sliders (actually kinda of like Skinny Fat's concept). We opted for the Turkey Sandwich and the Seasonal Salad (ahi tuna salad). Both were fantastic. Sandwich had a good amount of cheese but it wasn't overly greasy or falling out of the bread (a pet peeve of mine). I only paid for one scoop of the seasonal salad ($2.75) and I felt like I had just been given a Christmas present! I got a big heaping scoop of it. It was the perfect healthy snack and the ginger dressing was amazing. The staff here were super friendly as well and offered samples, which is always nice. My only complain was the time it took to get our food and the seating. This place is so good it demands a bigger staff and bigger seating area. I will definitely be coming back here!
5	Super good! Cute, little healthy spot.Salads are made fresh daily and delicious! They have a nice selection. I've been back numerous times and will continue to go back.I am in love with the kale salad! I've tried their pizza like thing and it was pretty good. But the salads will jeep me coming back. I've had the green goodness smoothie and its very tasty! The owners/workers are very friendly and helpful.
5	This place has two new customers!! Fantastic quality food! The best part was my husband and I could eat what we both enjoy without one of us having to compromise on the restaurant. I'm more of a vegetarian health conscious person. My husband is more of a meat eating kinda health conscious person. Presto is perfect for us! My husband had his meat and I had my veggies. Organic, real food made us both happy without the compromise of flavor and/or quality.
5	Great food and great service! They have pretty tasty Persian soon called Aush. Reminds me of being at home with my family! I had a yelp checkin from my first time with an offer for $1 off and the owners told me they don't have that anymore but would still honor it! Great selection of side salads, my favorite is the beet salad!  And I always get the large greek salad!  One day, I will eat the carbs and go for the veggie sandwich!
3	Truly a 2.5-- rounded up in kindness... We ordered blanco pide-- added shaved pork.  It is kind of a cross of a calzone and a quesadilla.  Good flavor.We also ordered the B.Ruben sandwich-- never again! Bread on bottom was soggy even though it had been toasted/grilled. Pretty pricey for such a disappointing experience.... Doubt I'd come back, and if I did, I'd stick with the pide!
5	Delicious food, and friendly owner and staff. Attention to freshness and quality. And simply a nice place to eat. Will definitely be returning.
5	I tried this spot off a recommendation. I love it here. I highly recommend the Green Goodness Smoothie ( I opted no agave). So delicious! I also love the black bean salad. My husband got the Pork sandwich-omg! Nice and clean. Very friendly. I've been back at least 4 times.
5	Five star food ... Inexpensive healthy and always a great vibe ... Their breakfast sandwiches and wraps are excellent !!
4	Family-owned and operated, quality ingredients, and hints of culture sporadically in the menu. This is refreshing - and healthy!If you come in and glance at the glass in front of their food, you'll see a variety of extremely healthy and fresh salads you just won't find anywhere else. Here's the list:- Faro, asparagus, spring onion, radish, parmigiano reggiano, arugula, lemon.- Beets, Citrus, pickled onion, hazelnut vinaigrette- Cauliflower, Kale, golden raisins, almonds, Pickled onion- Israeli couscous, wild mushrooms, parmesan, lemon truffle- Strawberry, arugula, apple, blue cheese, sherry vinaigrette- Tandoori chicken, mango, papaya, Coconut, cucumber, red onion, Cilantro- Kale, Quinoa, Cranberries, Cashews, Feta, Mint vinaigrette- Ahi Tuna, Quinoa, Edamame, Avocado, Scallions, Cherry Tomato, Field green, Sesame Ginger Dressing- Black Beans, Corn, Cherry Tomato, Avocado, Red Onion, Cilantro, Southwest DressingI dare you to find more salad variety, especially with this degree of quality. There are fresh pressed juices, too, for you health nuts.Other items of note? Pides. Basically, oval-shaped and freshly baked bread topped with a bunch of ingredients. Sounds like a pizza, right? You're not far off on that thought. It's a bit like khachapouri in Armenian culture. A fun eating experience, though, since you can pick it apart!Service is inconsistent, but they do mean well among their own chaos. You'll have your traditional selection of sandwiches and wraps to keep it familiar, but I think you'll get the best experience when ordering their specialty items. It's what really sets them in a unique position among other cafes.
4	Why is the turkey sammish so addicting? When im hungry and i try any excuse not to cook or make dishes i run to Presto for the turkey sandwich. Yes its fresh, yes its well put together with a great combo of ingredients. As others said sure its a lil pricey for a sandwich but if you dont eat it too often and treat yourself once in a while its a nice upgrade from subway! I have also tried the Greek Pide and that was quite tasty as well. The crush is unusually light and actually perfect...these are large and can easily be shared. Be sure to look at the small dry erase board on the wall with hand written specials to the left of the order area. Had i looked and noticed the discounts on something different than a turkey sandwich for a deal id be happy to try other things on the menu.
5	I just came here with 3 co-workers, with varying tastes mind you, and it absolutely blew all 4 of us away with the quality, price, and taste of the food. We all ordered different things, and all can't stop talking about it. The only knock was the time we had to wait, which was a solid 15 minutes or so, but after seeing what was brought to the table, coupled with the taste,  I'd gladly wait again just to taste the "ridiculiciousness" of the food. We will all be back!
5	Nice little cafe with great gourmet sandwiches. Delicious fresh ingredients. We got the rueben and turkey sandwiches.
5	Love this healthy place! The prices are reasonable and the staff are friendly. I love the cous cous salad with mushrooms and truffle oil and the BBQ pide.
5	Great food and an easy going environment!! I can't believe there aren't more fresh and healthy sandwich restaurants like this! Also I could eat a whole meal of just their cous cous!!! Off this place was a little easier to find and more noticeable when driving by I honestly believe there would be a line all day just to get it.
5	Face it. People go here because it's good. The fact that it's healthy? A bonus. I don't even know what kind of witchcraft this place does but EVERY TIME I'm around the area I find myself craving something from here.My go-to drink? The Green Goodness. It's absolutely amazing. Apple, avocado, banana, spinach, kale, ginger and agave nectar? You can't go wrong. I've had similar smoothies at places like Fresh Mama and Protein House but Presto takes the crown hands down.I can't even begin to sum up my favorite things to eat here. Honestly, they're all good. The Greek Pide is to die for, the Beef Rueben Sandwich is SO FLAVORFUL and the Vegetarian Sandwich is unexpectedly delicious considering that there's no meat in it. There's also a second location off of 2-15 & Stephanie so be sure to drop by whenever you're in the Henderson area. I'm sure you won't be disappointed.
5	Great food , everything tastes fresh. All healthy options . I had the meatball sliders and my bf ordered the ham and Cheese please. Both were terrific . Great food all around . Sampled a couple salads too which were also great ! :)
5	This place is great! I have been here multiple times and I have had the Mediterranean pide. YUM! My all time fave that keeps me coming back is their Ruben sandwich. The bread they use for their sandwiches is top notch! I've also have the turkey sandwich which is good as well. They have a nice selection of salads as well. I usually add a side salad and my fave is the couscous truffle salad! Great spot to grab lunch!
2	Really wanted to like this place. So disappointed. Arrived about 11:15 on a weekday to an empty restaurant. Immediately ordered (to a very unfriendly waitress/cashier) two food items & a fresh juice. By 11:35 we had one of our food items. It took until almost 11:40 to get everything we ordered. Once the food arrived, it was really good. The fresh juice was room temperature and gross, but we got a turkey sandwich that was delish & the green eggs & ham flatbread which was also excellent. But not worth the poor, SLOW service.
5	Had the turkey sandwich with an added over-easy egg, something suggested by the staff. Was excellent!If you haven't been here yet, you should check it out. The food is unlike anything you've had in Vegas, especially the sandwiches and something really good called "Pide" which is like an inside out kind of pizza.It's not their fault, but the cell service for AT&T is really poor inside their store. I thought about docking a star, but it's really out of their control.
4	Do yourself a favor and get the Israeli cous cous with wild mushrooms and truffle oil.. OMG.. I am addicted! It is perfectly cooked, light, nicely flavored with their special truffle vinaigrette and around $6 for 2 scoops! We also tried the Greek pide which was almost like a cheesy flat bread pizza, the breakfast wrap and tandoori chicken side. Everything was delicious but I didn't like how I came across several pieces of bone or cartilage in the chicken tandoori side. The young Asian guy who took our order was very sweet and helpful.. I can't wait to go back and try more of the menu.
5	My husband and I found this place online. We wanted something healthy but we did not wanted to leave the house so we ordered thru road runner or eat 24...dont remember. However, I do remember the amazing food that was delivered.  We had the breakfast turkey sandwich with a side of the Israeli couscous.  Food was fresh, tasty, healthy and extremely affordable.  My husband and I are extremely snobby about food but this cafe exceeds all expectations. Great service, amazing food and we now know that it is on the way to work so we stop here now quite often. I have seen them prepare everything at the moment and still the wait is not bad at all.Im happy to see that Im not the only one addicted!
5	Came here with my boyfriend for lunch and we were pleasantly surprised with the food for being a hole in the wall place. We had the steak and eggs, the ham and cheese please, the seared ahi tuna salad, and the beet salad. Everything was delicious and filled with so much flavor. However, I do wish the beet salad had arugula or spinach in it. Definitely coming back here again.
3	The food here is great, but the service is always slow, no matter what. It took almost 15 minutes for soup and a scoop of pre-made salad, and it WASN'T busy. I have waited over 40 minutes in the past for a sandwich when it was busy.
4	I've been here a bunch of times and had a lot of things on the menu and everything is great..turkey sandwich with egg is amazing.. All the salad scoops are unique and delicious.. Grilled salmon and tuna always great.. For a great lunch get 3 scoops with a side of grilled fish.. Healthy and very reasonable... Thanks presto for breaking the mold of stupid crappy vegas restaurants..
5	We're from California where healthy/socially conscious is all the rage. Whole Foods in our area is a big go to spot for fresh smoothies. This place is only 4 miles off the strip and pride themselves on providing a healthy, organic, and locally sourced eating experience. We came here for breakfast and I can say that it was one of the more memorable breakfasts I've had in Vegas. We ordered 2 smoothies: Veggie Delight and Peach. The Peach smoothie was light and sweet. The Veggie Delight was a hit of unexpected freshness. I had expected it to taste grassy but it's so refreshing with a note of sweetness from the banana. Watch out Whole Foods because this smoothie will give you a run for your money. Their Green Eggs and Ham pide was delicious. I loved the fact that I could get a little bit of the egg yolk on every bite. The pide dough on its own was good but then you add the egg, the ham, and the pesto and its just yummy goodness in your mouth. Seasoned just right. Its definitely not your normal egg breakfast. I can't wait to come back and try some of their other pides.
5	There is only one word to describe the food I just consumed from presto, and that word is... BOMB! Super delicious it was. I had the veggie sandwich which was to die for! Yummy! & the boyfriend had the salmon which was really good as well.
3	I hate having to do this and write anything but a great review, but I think the owner needs to know that things are going downhill at Presto. Ever since the opening of the new location, the owner stopped being on site here and it really shows. Ordering over the phone is a nightmare and you can almost always guarantee the order will not be accurate. The young staff that works here doesnt seem to care much about being friendly and giving the same customer service the did when the owner was on site. We have been eating here since they opened and would do really large orders for our entire staff. Now everyone in our office stays away because of how many mistakes they always make and the timing it takes to get the food. We understand that all restaurants have a lunch rush, but sometimes its 30 minutes or more for a simple sandwich. I really hope the owner sees this review and gets a good solid manager to be on site who gets this place back on track. I will then give them another chance and update my review as warranted.
1	Ordered a juice & a burrito. Why it took 30 minutes, I have no idea. They weren't even busy. Won't be going back.
5	BOOM! that's what I am talking about. This place is awesome. Fresh salads you can see and order as sides. I love the chimichurri on the steak and the couscous risotto. Mediterranean Chicken is fantastic, flavorful and juicy. I also love the soups that seem to change daily. Chicken Curry soup is outstanding. I don't think I've had anything that wasn't top notch. I actually have not even tried the smoothies. A hidden gem in Las Vegas. A must visit.
4	Small , healthy spot. Great salads and breakfast although a little slow on the preparation.Juices are great as well
