4	This is another place I can't believe no one else has rated yet.  My cousin and I were due to get our tattoos touched up.  After 13 years or so, my tattoo had begun to fade.  The place I had it done at is long out of buisness and when I talked to my artist, he wasn't a bit surprised.  Anyway, my tat is of my four-string bass guitar and it's vertical, to the right of my left shoulder blade.  It is a very intricate pattern, but it just needed re-inking in a few spots.  I have no plans of ever getting rid of it either because I am proud of it!  Yes tattoos do hurt, but my artist was professional and as gentle as good be with it.  It was a tad sore for a couple of days afterward, but not too bad.  And my tattoo looks so good again.  My cousin's does too!
1	No Way!!! Southside Tattoo has a terrible city-wide reputation and for a GOOD REASON. #1 - most of the artists are just so/so. #2 - they way over charge for work. Hell, one time - a friend of mine and myself walked in to get some small, cheap, quick work done. Seriously, a 20 minute tattoo that we already with us. We talked to the guy at the desk, who was rude and said "Let me talk to an artist" - the tattooist never came back out, we waited for 30 minutes, no one ever said another word to us, and we left. Back when I was really young and just started getting tattooed, I got my first 2 tattoos there - both scarred, were un-even, and had a TON of fallout. I ended up having to go elsewhere to get the one touched up because southside tattoo would not re-do the tattoo (poor professionalism for a tattoo artist) because of the high volume, 2 weeks later, the artist did not recognize me at all... and the other tattoo was so bad I had to get a full cover-up. There are so many other good shops in the city - don't waste your money going to a flash-tattoo mill.
5	South Side Tattoo is touristy. But that's not something they can be faulted for. They'll pierce/tattoo younger kids with parents present. The place is usually crazy packed unless you've scheduled an appointment. Not a place to show up out of the blue unless you have the patience of Mother Teresa.That said, I got my first tattoo here, and it was my best tattoo experience to date. I got my family crest--which has considerable detail-- on my left hip in black and white. This is a BIG tattoo and I got it for $180. I consider this a huge deal. I've gotten tattoos half this size at other shops for $200.Joe did my tattoo and it's gorgeous. They gray scale shading is perfect. After 5 years, it still looks great. Despite the intricacy of the Irish patterns and knots, he spaced everything far enough apart that when the ink spreads, as it does, that the skin would not appear gray where it should not.The entire ordeal was awesome. I was comfortable the whole time, the place was clean, the staff was professional. I stand by this being  great place but repeat that you won't have a good experience unless you put some planning into the process.
2	I've never had any work done here but I've been with plenty of people who have and they are way overpriced and flashy. I never liked the vibe of the place. Walk to In the Blood or Jesters Court if you're in the s.s. but if you're willing to drive, head to human productions in bethal park...well, first make your appointment because it might be awhile...that's a good thing!
1	The vibe of this place seems very sketchy, and the fact at all of the work on the walls has prices seems a bit off. The staff are unfriendly and rude and do not greet you after you walk in for a good ten minutes or so. That being said, I do not know about tattoo work here. Piercings, however, are a different story.Don't do it.The woman who did them did not seem to know what she was doing, and did not even clamp the area before piercing, causing bleeding. And then she went on to make fun of my friend for this, for a good long time. Talk about unprofessional! She also refused to put in the type of jewelry requested, and only put in the type she first grabbed, even with an explanation about why this type of jewelry would be the worst for the piercing. I had heard good things about this place, but I see know that everyone was very mistaken. In the future, if I ever need another piercing or tattoo, be assured that I will not be going here. Or trusting the judgement of said friends.
2	Southside Tattoo has some really talented artists that churn out some great work. I am sympathetic to how busy the receptionist is, but every time I am in there, he is always rude and never particularly helpful or prompt.The other day, my friend was hoping to get a tattoo walk-in, and Randy, the receptionist, told her she would have to make an appointment. We exited the shop, and my boyfriend was calling other tattoo parlors. He accidentally called Southside Tattoo, and Randy said they weren't busy. What? I don't understand.
1	Not worth it to get a tattoo here... Went in one day with a friend to see if I could get a very small tattoo done and scheduled an appointment for the same day. The guy at the desk told me there was a required deposit for appointments so I put down the money ($50 I believe) and came back later. The tattoo experience was fine and I enjoy my tattoo but I had forgotten about the money I had already put down and was charged a full $120 on top of it. Not only that, this guy at the desk swiped my card, said it was declined and suggested I take the money out of the ATM they have in the shop... Only to get home and find out the transaction actually did go through. Of course I went back and told them what happened but instead of refunding me they just blamed it on the bank and said that it was just pending. All in all I have a tattoo that is an inch tall and dropped $290 on it. Avoid the place and go somewhere else, anywhere else.
1	I have a few tattoos and every one except the one I got here looks amazing. The one I got here looks awful. This shop is not clean and they butchered my skin. The artist who tattooed me used the same gloves the whole time (they're supposed to change them several times, especially when setting up the machine and cleaning your skin). The tattoo I receive blew out within a week (this is when the ink spreads  under the skin and it does not happen with a quality tattoo) I went back twice to have the tattoo fixed. It got infected after the third time. My tattoo is raised, uneven, and looks unfinished. I'm planning on having it retouched by a quality artist who won't screw it up as badly as they did. I don't mind paying the money for a quality piece but this place rips you off. Please, if you value your health and your skin, don't go here!!!
2	FYI- This has nothing to do with the artists. I called a week before the day that my friend and I wanted to get tattooed. When I called I explained I wanted to set an appointment but was told the only way to do that was by stopping by with artwork and leaving a deposit. I said that we were from out of town and unable to just stop by. They told me that best way to do this would be walk in. Well that's what happened and they were unable to take us. I understand that things happen but I would have been more than happy to email my artwork and give a credit card deposit to hold the appointment but that was not offered. We called another shop and went down street.
4	Joe did my tattoo, and I had a great experience. It's fairly large and spans the side of my rib cage. He was extremely patient with me in getting it placed exactly how I wanted, and did the whole thing, with shading, in under an hour and a half and it still looks fantastic three years later. I would definitely go to him again!However, I wouldn't go back for a piercing. I had my tragus done, and while it was pierced well enough, their policy is only to use CBRs, which move a lot and never healed in my ear.
4	I was a Sunday walk in for a nose piercing.  I was greeted in what I thought to be a reasonable amount of time... I was given paperwork to fill out, and was waiting for the artist to become available.  I was provided with post care instructions that were very clear and concise.Once I was with the 'piercer' he was very personable, and asked if I had any questions, marked my nose, and went for it. Although I have wanted a nose piercing for years, I hadn't done much research... blow your nose millions of times prior to going in.... be prepared for a betadine cotton swab to be shoved up and wiggled around your nose.  The piercing didn't hurt too badly, but threading of the ring wasn't too pleasant.You are provided a bottle of betadine to clean your ring.Over all, I am happy :-)If you're looking for a tattoo, make an appointment, esp for a Sunday.
4	I really don't know why these reviews aren't higher. I know a lot of people who have gotten great work done here, so when my roommate and I made a spontaneous decision to get another tattoo, this was the only place that came to mind. We didn't follow the usual protocol - make and appointment, get a drawing, make another appointment to get tattooed. I understand why they have this policy, but our tattoo wasn't too large or complicated, so we walked in. We were prepared to be there for awhile, which turned out to be about four hours (1 1/2 for the actual tattoo). Both of ours came out even better than we were expecting.  I can't remember the names of our tattoo artists, but they were very talented. It was a bit pricey, but to worth it. Obviously, if you're permanently marking your body you should be willing to spend some extra cash to ensure its an amazing tattoo. This is always my #1 recommendation for a tattoo place in Pittsburgh.
1	I walked into store a couple of time and did not feel like I was anything else but a number. When I approached employees it felt as if I was a bother to them for there time. I asked about getting a sleeve custom drawn and I was told to bring it what I would like done. There was no trying to talk to me or find out what I want or what ideas they had. It was "Bring what you want done in, pay a $50 deposit and when do I want to get started". I'm okay, I would not go to that shop, customer service is none and the art that I seen come from there is no where near up to par for the prices you pay.
4	SouthSide tattoo is one of the more well known tattoo parlors in Pittsburgh with it's prime location on East Carson St.I've relieved all 3 of my current tattoo's from Joe Capone. One of the artists there. Joe is a great guy and most importantly a great artist. While my tattoo's currently are not very difficult, Joe still did everyone of them perfectly.The only downside to the shop is having to go through their store manager about your tattoo first, rather than the actual artist.
