4	This place reminds me of visiting in Mexico. Upon entering its kind of worn down and relaxed.. the staff smiles at you through the smoky air. The smoke lingering is from the fajitas juices hitting mesquite charcoal as they bring them to your table. Heavenly!Now Ive been here many times of the years as it's very close to my work. When there are vendors in town we usually take them here as a nice alternative to all the chains that they seem to prefer. So over time Ive tried many dishes here but my favorite is what's called a Pechuga.. breast of chicken with melted cheese served between two flour tortillas. For me this is so good because of the trio of salsa's they bring to you after your sat. They make a green, a red and a pico de gallo so the Pechuga is the perfect platform for all their tasty salsa's. The #15 comes with the Pechuga as well as 2 beef tacos.. the taco's aren't served in those greasy hard shells but in fresh corn tortillas.. Mexico City style! Another great crevice to pour loads of salsa into! Mmm!Salsa and crevice.. what a great combo!
5	Why can't you have an LA location?!I seriously lay awake at night craving your three elusive salsas and undeniably perfect chili quiles.  I have spend many moons in rural mexico, mexico city, and tehuacan; nothing reminds me of my time south of the border more than Parrilla's Mexico city cuisine. What you must try...chili quiles - best ever, just epic cheesy chips, sauce and goodness.tacos - all there meat is chargrilled with a little bacon, peppers and onions. amazingggggggChuleta Suiza - a real version of a quesadilla, there is something about the flavor of the pork and the cheese they use that makes me weak in the knees.  Really any of the dishes they serve on a grill - Parrillada de Pollo and my fav ...Platillo Mixto con Bisteck - Melted cheese with chorizo and grilled peppers topped with avocados, served with two charbroiled beef tacos. agggghhhhhhhhOh my god i cant even take reviewing this place, i am slipping into deep depression knowing i have to wait until Christmas to eat here again... oh the humanityyyyyy... btw the service is either amazing or sucks horribly but once that sauce hits your mouth (dirty) you wont care if Hitler just brought you more chips.OHHH and make sure to get a Cadillac Marg, combined with a full meal  it has been known to educe a happy coma.
5	In high school did you ever have a friend of the opposite sex who you were platonicly close with but then lost contact with post-high school only to see them years later and they are completely grown up and boneable? Yesterday's visit to LPS was just like that, the poorly presented delicious Mexico city Mexican food of my youth has been transformed into well plated, incredible tasting fare. LPS has some of the BEST salsa, ever, a spicy blended red, a tamatillo/avo green, and a mixed pico. I had the pork flat tacos with a side of the chilaquiles. (greatest dish ever, ench sauce, cheese and chips baked together... kind of like a mex baked ziti actually) The roomies had chk enchiladas and beef tacos, both were spectacular. The service is really hit or miss, our server couldn't split the check to save his life and spoke little English but it could have been worse. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/nsEO3MRzYLKfgtID7gvArw?select=h_wy_MqnFW0L397uYsQOighttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/nsEO3MRzYLKfgtID7gvArw?select=1UOxVH3vvYGkwv7HZ_H8Cwhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/nsEO3MRzYLKfgtID7gvArw?select=ryVQVqRPyJylpYzi-XZezQ
5	Have i mentioned this is my favorite Mexico City Mexican food joint?! W/out a doubt consistent, fresh and cheap. Whenever i am in AZ this is my spot. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/nsEO3MRzYLKfgtID7gvArw?select=9vEQ2jKcRGjryTyVEvZDmAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/nsEO3MRzYLKfgtID7gvArw?select=w1hAI5b7FWBJ1WNQzRpplg
2	I moved very near this restaurant about a year and a half ago.  The first time we tried it, we loved it enough to keep going back several times.  The food was delicious and original -- not what you get at a typical generic americanized mexican restaurant.  The place has really gone down hill a lot in a short time.The latest time we went will also probably be the last time we go.  The food simply stank.  Everything came with a pile of hard purple cabbage, which unlike the typical but useful pile of lettuce&tomatoes, was nothing more than garnish.  (this cabbage can be seen in just about all of the photos others have posted)  Dishes that had been consistently good over several visits were suddenly changed, and not for the better.  My daughter's shrimp tostada thing was a portion size almost half of what it used to be, and if she's going to order something that costs more than what I order, It'd better be worth it, dammit!I know Parrilla Suiza has long been considered agreat place, and not your typical mexican restaurant, but it just isn't the case anymore.  I am curious if any other former long-time customers are recently feeling the same?
2	Stopped in last Friday for dinner.  My husband and I always drove by this place and had seen cars packed in the parking lot near this restaurant and thought it might be a good stop to eat at.  We walked in and noticed a nice decor.  We weren't expecting to much walking in but the atmosphere was pretty nice.  They had a huge wait staff waiting for diners to come in.  The place for being prime time dinner time on a Friday night was pretty empty.  I liked it cause we got sat right away.  The booths are really comfortable, very soft and relaxing.  Our waiter came right over to take our order.  We felt like a margarita or two, or three so we ordered a pitcher to start.  Looking over the menu it looked as if they would have some pretty good food so I thought we stumbled on to a nice place.  We ordered the fish taquitto for an app.  The margarita came out and it was perfect, exactly how I make mine at home so I was happy.  The app was served and I was like, What????  It was one taquitto sliced in three pieces, not even enough for one person to enjoy, way to small for a $9 app.  I was very disappointed.  We tried it and it wasn't good either.  The fish I swore said salmon on the menu, and we got some sort of white fish I can't even figure out with no flavor.  bummer....   We both ordered some sort of combo they had.  I got the beef taco's, and enchilada.  My taco's really reminded me of the authentic Mexican taco's I've gotten down in Mexico, you know the smaller ones.  It came with a side of pinto beans, and rice.  My enchilada wasn't anything special, the taco's were a little bland.  My opion would be you can go through any drive through Mexican taco shop and get the same quality food for 1/2 the price of this place.  If it weren't for the margarita lifting my spirits I would have been very bummed about the price we paid for our dinner.
4	I love La Parilla Suiza. It's a Mexican City type thrown down!!!I haven't been to their other locations in Phoenix only this one but I continue to be blown away by their level of hospitality and the taste and diversity of their food. This was a favorite lunch spot of mine when I live in Phoenix and I make it a point to visit each time I swing by town. Some of my favorites:Queso Suizo---plainly put...Melted gooey cheese with torillas. A great start! It does take some time to make so be patient...It's sooooo worth it!Chicken Enchiladas Suiza with their green sauce-YUM. I have attempted to order this at other joints only to be sorely disappointed that it it didn't have the tangy-ness of this plate. It's seriously heavenly good!Bistek Tacos-The meat is flavorful and perfectly cooked. Its the type of beef that's marinated and cooked to perfection that you don't need any sauces or condiments to hide the taste. It's melt in your mouth bomb diggity.  Simplicity on a plate. Chips and a variety of salsas are always on the table...sip on a margarita and you're in the good. And order the flan....WOW!I'm sure anything else your order there is good and I would put my stamp of approval on it any day. But, sometimes I can be a creature of habit and order my go-to dishes.The service is always top notch. They have always been hospitable and efficient, even if your running off a lunch hour. Go! Go! Go!
4	Best Mexican food in Phoenix. Serving authentic menu items for years, always with a complimentary assortment of fresh salsas.  They have six locations in Arizona. I have been to 5 of the 6, all very good, but I prefer the quality of the location on Peoria Ave in Phoenix and the Ina Road location in Tucson. But all of their locations serve really good Mexican food.
4	La Parilla Suiza is one of my local faves. I probably go there about monthly - sometimes more, sometimes less. The food is great and reasonably proced.  I understand there are several, but I've only been to this one. I like the environment. The kitchen has a large window and you can watch some of the preparation. The wait staff is always very friendly. A few times they've even had mariachis playing table to table.  They use a lot of white cheeses, which I really like. I don't order the typical mexican tacos and enchiladas here, so I can't rate them, but the main entrees are really good. I'm a big fan of the Champignones Suizos - a mushroom and cheese appetizer. I've had the chilaquiles, chicken melt, parillada de pollo, and others, and always like them. I really like the churro beans - it's more of a Pinto soup than the typical refried beans. I've not tried the mole, but my son who likes mole enjoys theirs.  The price is good. I never wait long. The facility is good. The service is great. The food is great. What else can you ask for?
3	The food was pretty good. The services was HORRIBLE! That's why this is a 3-star review and not a 4-star. The manager sat at the bar and did nothing else. The waitress came to our table twice (once to bring us chips/take our order and another to bring the food). We had to go up to the bar and ask the manager to get our check. No refills, no "how is your food", no sides that we asked for 3 times. NOTHING. We won't be returning. I'll check out another location instead.
4	Absolutely love the "Mexico City" style of food which seems tastier and healthier than most Mexican food restaurants. It doesn't weigh as heavy on you.Not the greatest location in the world but ambiance inside is good. Definitely a local favorite.
2	I've been to this La Parrila Suiza a couple of times now. I keep getting invited by some friends to join them in this Mexico City food fest.  They love this place so I've hesitant in writing this review but after our last meal I feel I must "spill the beans"...Service ~ They are really friendly and helpful when ordering but they are very slow. I mean, come on!  You can only play "eye spy" so many times before you loose interest in why your there to begin with.  The only... and I mean only reason we did not leave was due to their tri-salsa dippage action with crispy chips.  It is really one salsa a pico de gallo and a green creamy kinda of dipFood ~ Chicken flautas were ok, three of them fried, topped with sour cream and Piquillo sauce served with rice, guacamole cole slaw and beans. The cole slaw and beans were not goo at all.  We also had the Chicken Melt which was very good but we were shorted one of the tortillas!  It was supposed to be two flour tortillas filled with melted cheese, chicken bacon, avocado and tomatoes, topped with cheese and a sauce. It also came with their beans rice and cole slaw.  It took so long to get our order we didn't bother saying anything...Our last order was a chicken taco salad.  It was HUGE and served in a very crisp tortillas bowl.  The salad was tossed with all of the ingredients which was different.  I enjoy separating some of the chicken, cheese and other goodies in the salad bowl, but with this salad you could not do that ~ it was all tossed together.  The chicken was very cold and tasted blah. The bland dressing was also tossed into the salad which made this thing a big bowl of mushy lettuce, yuk-a-roo.So if your meeting a friend and they are buying this might be a good place for you to go.
5	Best authentic Mexico City style Mexican food restaurant! Best chips and salsa! My favorite restaurant ever!
4	I am so glad I found this place because I have been a fan of their restaurants in Tucson, AZ.  I had the chicken tacos which were good and the charro beans were excellent too.  Not too much bad to say about this place...the food is great and it is right near work so a good place to go.You wont find great service here but the food out weighs that expereince by far.
4	Yup, I like what I see and what I like seeing is real homemade corn tortillas on a parilla! Parilla Suiza keep it goin' you're doing something right! I haven't been disappointed yet.  I enjoy the tacos with carne asada, the parillada was huge and that arroz & beans... mmm... rico.  So the only thing I noted changed on my last trip was a re-vamp o the menu... Originally I was a bit disappointed that they now have a burger and ribs on their menu... nothing about that is Mexican but HEY we are in AMERICA baby and in America we enjoy a good burger or ribs now and then, so... why not!? Although I haven't given them a whirl... nor will I because my trip to La Parilla is strictly about the Comida Mexicana!  Thumbs up Parilla keep those corn tortillas coming!
4	My wife and I ate at the restaurant with two friends.  We all had good times eating and talking.  We were there for almost three hours.  The food was good.  The prices was very reasonable.  We were there to celebrate my Birthday.  The only thing is that the waitress was not happy to be there and to serve us.  She looked grumpy.  I think that the restaurant needs to educate their waitresses and waiters about the Joy of Serving the Customers.  I would recommend this restaurant as long as the waitress is happy, and everything would be fine.
3	The food was awesome, the service was horrible. I got the Alambre tacos sans bell peppers and it was one of the best things I've tasted. The tortillas were perfectly thick and soft, the meat wasn't over-cooked, and the bacon and onions were a perfect compliment. The complimentary chips and salsa (comes with three types) were great, too - especially the verde sauce.My mother is on a restrictive diet so she asked the waitress if it was possible to get a side of vegetables instead of beans and rice. We expected a nice selection of squash, corn, peppers etc. (as are listed available for their vegetarian options). However, she received a bowl of what looked like canned mixed vegetables. Nonetheless, everything else on the plate was fine.Prices were a little higher than your average Mexican restaurant, but what I got was quality, so it's worth the few extra dollars.It took way too long to get our order taken and our check given, and then the waitress gave us the wrong change (short $10!) and it took awhile to get her attention to fix it. While it was dinner time (6-7pm) on a week night, it was not busy at all. I would go back just because my tacos were so great tasting but I will have to try a different location to see if the service is more timely.
4	I have eaten here for 15 years, and I always get the same thing, the Chicken Melt. It is chicken, cheese, tomatoes, avacado, and bacon melted on a crispy tortilla, I love it. It also comes with yummy charro beans. Some of the servers are slow but it's worth the wait. They have a large window looking into the kitchen, that's always a plus.
4	I love this place! It's very good food for decent price, the red sauce on the enchiladas were BOMB!  A very good place to eat on this side of town!
3	Solid three. Mexico City style food. Good service. (way better than places like Macayo's.)
4	La Parilla Suiza has been a restaurant that we've gone to for a long time in our family. Though we don't go as frequently, I believe the service and food seems to have slipped a bit.The first thing that your MUST order when going is the "Queso Suizo" which is absolutely mouth watering amazing. Definitely a favorite when we go, and has and will always be delicious. Luckily, you get complimentary chips and salsas (green one is my fav), so that'll keep you busy before your huge plate arrives. Their combination plates are pretty good, not too much a fan of their charro beans, but their chicken enchiladas and arroz are very tasty. Their chicken is always grilled very yummy, their fajita plate is veeeery tasty. Make sure to ask for extra green salsa for your food, it's a must.
2	Great food, terrible service - I recommend it only if your eating TO GO.
2	Very disappointed.  I had high hopes for this place being more than a generic wanna-be authentic Mexican restaurant.  I'm sure this place is better than what I experienced but I probably won't give it a 2nd chance and here's why.Our waiter was so dull & clueless.  I seriously think he must be a relative they HAD to employ.  I know it's not a dream job but he really looked upset to be there.  Whenever I go to a new place I always ask what dish makes their restaurant worth coming back for... you know, what do people tend to favor.  He had no clue how to answer this.  I asked if they had any drink specials & he said no.  Turns out they had Sangria (which I usually like), but I didn't order it b/c I had already ordered a beer.  He was rushing us to order.  If I had more time we would have ordered an appetizer, but I guess he prefer we spend less.  I asked for green enchiladas, instead I got red.  He could only do one thing at a time.  When he brought our order, instead of clearing our table to make room for the plates, he just plopped down the meals on top of the dishes already there - making a lot of noise and making things flop all around.I saw dishes on other people's tables that looked better than ours, which only made me blame the waiter more for rushing us.While it may not be fair to judge this entire restaurant because of one waiter, the fact that they let this guy work in public makes me question anything this place does.But what about the food?...  very mediocre.  My favorite part of the meal was the beans... pretty sad.
1	I am always hesitant to give restaurants bad reviews because many times bad reviews are just odd occurrences. La Parrilla Suiza; however, not only failed to deliver quality service, but the food was a nightmare. I ordered a water, two fish tacos, and a side of rice; a simple order for most Mexican restaurants. It took close to 45 minutes for a waitress to get me my water even after I repeatedly asked for it. My food was delivered after an hour and a half and it matched the services quality, which was horrendous. My fish tacos consisted of a cold tortilla, one fish stick per taco, lettuce, and avocados (which I asked to have removed). It was such a joke I just ate the fish sticks with my hands. The rice was the only thing that was mediocre. My meal experience was poor as was the guests around me, who routinely waited over an hour for the meals only to be presented with sub-par food. Overall the service was incredibly disorganized and poor and the food was worse than what a four year old with an EZ-bake oven could make.
1	I have been going to this place for years.  However, not in the last year.  Went there last night and the service was dreadful.  The place was very hot and dirty.  The food was similar to what you would get at Taco Bell.  The burro I had was full of dried out chicken and nothing else. The beans taste like they were from a can.  Really disappointed.
1	Bug in food, followed by terrible handling of the situation. I used to come here on a regular basis however on my most recent visit my friend saw a bug crawling across my plate and pointed it out. I called the waiter over and showed him the bug, he made a sound effect acknowledging that he saw the bug and took the plate away. He then came back a few minutes later with the check and acted as if everything was ok, saying nothing. I was so taken back I paid and got the H out of there ASAP. They made no attempt to fix or even mention the wingless bug we all saw making its way across my plate! Not going back EVER and its a shame because I've been coming here for years! You can't treat customers like that if you expect to run a business successfully. I would have considered coming back but the fact that they made no effort shows that the staff doesn't care at all. That's not okay.
3	La Parrilla Suiza is one of my favorite local mexican restraunts, I have been going here since I was a kid and I have never had a bad experience.
4	We've been there quite a few times! The food is good, the portions are good, the service is usually good too and the prices are quite reasonable!
5	Authentic Mexico City cuisine, especially well-represented by an array of "parillas" - chaffing dishes full of tasty ingredients, just waiting for you to assemble into little taquitos.  I loved the ooey-gooey melted cheese bowl... reminiscent of al fresco dining in Central Mexico. The Chicken Suiza was excellent, also.Attentive service, casual atmosphere (not a tex-mex joint with lots of neon) and very well-priced, too. The most expensive thing on the menu is $14.
5	The best, unknown Mexican food in Phoenix.  Homemade tortillas, fresh tasting food, very authentic.  Chips and salsa are amazing.
4	Been 3-4 times, Good food for most part.  Better than garcias  across street.  Only bad thing is last time saw some roaches, pretty gross.
3	Have never been before but had heard good things about it, so tried it out.  It was enjoyable....not as good as some of the Mexican restaurants I recently experienced in California, but I'd say better than the Mexican chain restaurants you see on every corner.  The food was good, service was fast and it seemed like a popular spot.
5	Great restaurant.  I like the melted cheese and fajitas.  The food they cook is authentic for sure.  The service is great as well.  Great food at reasonable prices.  You will not be disappointed.
4	I've been to this place a couple of times while living in Arizona. When I first came I was impressed. The salsas are all amazing, especially the green one! The portions are HUGE! Enough to feed a small village. Nice Mexican restaurant decor. They have TVs to watch games. This is good Mexican food in Arizona. I will be coming back here when I visit.
3	Salsas, melted cheese and service, 4 stars.Chips... 3Food was good, but only 3 stars because... I went there with a vegetarian friend and they have some vegetarian options... but... the veggie fajitas he ordered come with beans that we were told are made with bacon!!That does not make any sense at all...Also, beans are a good source of protein and I believe any Mexican restaurant should have vegetarian bean burrito option.
4	Love the #14 :-)
2	Food, excellent as always. I've been dining here for nearly 20 years. Service, horrible. Last night was the worst I've ever experienced there. Lots of waiters doing nothing, managers holding up the bar, maybe one busser in the restaurant. Took forever to get a water. Took forever to be followed up with. Oh, and when you order an appetizer isn't it supposed to come before the main course? 2 stars for this visit, and that's only due to the cooks doing their job right.
4	I am here for the queso.  It is just that good!  The food is good too but, the queso Suizo is just phenomenal. Good enough for two as an appetizer or as part of their #16 platter.  Great combination, pretty sizable.
5	Best salsa in town, I've been eating here for 10 years and I always order #34 chicken melt- there was a time where they started cooking it a weird way so I stopped going, but just recently started going back and they went back to their old ways so Im excited to be eating at my favorite restaurant
4	This joint was recommended by a friend... So we decided to try it. On a Friday night (maybe around 8:00pm) this place was fairly empty. We were greeted at the door promptly and seated immediately. The server was very attentive and polite. I ordered the "Enchiladas Suizas" with green sauce and they where just ok, It came with a small portion of rice beans and a wanna be salad. Would I try this place again....? Maybe, will I crave it? I highly doubt itI've had better tasting Mexican food
1	I am here in Phoenix on Vacation and was told to visit this place. I am 100% Mexican, and I must say there is nothing "Authentic" about this place. The food was horrible, they couldn't make a simple Chicken Quesadilla. We had a party of 6, and not a single person liked their food. We paid $60 and only took two bites. Their silverware was dirty, there was a bug in one of the drinks. I'm not a picky eater or a person who likes to complain, but for the rating this place had we were all expecting a whole lot more. Never, ever coming back. I suggest you don't waste your time either.
5	They have a dish that I love here (cheese dish), it is the most simple recipe in the planet big is nothing but the best! The food is delicious and the service is friendly, I couldn't help but feel like I was with my family, I recommend this for a casual outing!
2	This place used to be good, but that was years ago.Today it's very dirty with food that just doesn't cut it.The salsa is still good so that gave it a star.
5	I've been going to this place for 29 years. They treat me like family. The waiters are friendly and very helpful. The food is delicious! I try to get something different every time and it is all good. My favorites are the fajitas, crispy tacos and combination plates. For dessert, nothing is better than a deep fried icecream. I now live in San Diego and its a must go every time I'm in town.
