4	Great hotel!This is a great hotel, just a 10 minute walk from Edinburgh castle, 20 minute walk from Waverly station (take a cab if you have bags, as it is uphill) and close by to some of the large businesses of the area.The room was fantastic, great size, recently refurbished in great style and the price was even better!I booked online and used their summer saver type rate, 89GBP B&B.My only disappointment with this organization was that they would not honour my customers negotiated rate without using their travel agent.  Not a problem this time as the summer saver was the same price as my customers rate, but out of season I may have to use the Hilton instead :(
3	This is a nice enough hotel with excellent service, but I felt it was way overpriced for what you get.  I was staying with a platonic friend, and they only offered rooms with one not very large bed.   The internet connection (wifi and cable in room) is pretty slow and unstable, and cuts off every 30 mins.- I couldn't check or send email the whole time I was there (3 days).  There are only 4 or so channels on the tv, no movies.  No gym or spa, yet the price was $250 a night. The food in the restaurant was nothing to get excited about.  The bar was quite nice, with a very efficient and friendly bartender who also was our waiter in the restaurant.  The location is pretty good.  It's an ok place overall, but for the money I would go elsewhere.
5	Ate their for the 2nd time on Friday.Stunning food, I had the smoked eel and then the pork shoulder! Two great dishes!!Also sampled the beef and snail salad! Superb!!
5	You can quite easily walk past this hotel because it sits quietly on the road, minding its own business. But when you take the time to go in here, wow. It's so chic, really really modern and trendy, a place for professionals!The hotel rooms are lovely too and it is in such a great location for first-time visits to the city. It has everything you would want from a hotel!They have a really good wine bar, Du vin, which is a great place to spend the evenings!There are usually good deals on the internet for this hotel too, worth a look!
5	Du Vin is the wine bar in the beautiful hotel, Hotel du Vin. It's uber classy and ultra chic. My sort of place!There is such a great mix of people in here , professionals just getting a drink with a really laid-back atmosphere. You;re not pestered by sleazy guys spilling their beer on you whilst telling you about their amazing job and fast car etc etc.it's a really classy wine bar, and the wine is chilled to perfection. They really know their stuff!
4	Hotel du Vin is one of the newer culinary, wine orientated kids on the block in the old town, and it certainly looks the plush part, with the immaculately finished, rustic, French kitchen-esque restaurant space, teamed with a really tasty, and also French themed food menu.I've been here for dinner a couple of times, and a couple of dishes have really stood out, namely the crab and chips, and at times you can't beat a good old rib eye steak, which is also a brilliant option here. The dishes stick to fairly classic formulas, but have enough variety to be universally people pleasing. Prices are reasonable for the quality of the food, although they definitely couldn't be classed as cheap. The wine list is extensive, and there's a mezzanine bar and a cool whisky snug where you can enjoy a drink afterwards, plus a cigar shack if that's your thing.
5	Don't know what the food is like, but I have to say as a review on staff. 5 stars!Was recently in for a Christmas Fair and must say, really nice people who work here! Also I really like the atmosphere and design of the Hotel. The entry way is a really nice touch and is pretty at night! I'm surprised I hadn't been in yet! I recently booked my parents into a hotel, but now that I just went here I wish I got them a spot here so I can visit!
4	I wanted to save some of my review for Hotel du Vin to outside of the Yelp event that I attended recently. It first caught my eye with the window display of wine casks that made me what to squash my nose up against the window in an alcohol-induced frenzy, but I was with people, too sober and too self conscious with a dash of 'how clean are those windows' thrown in to boot. Nonetheless, it had reached my subconscious that I wanted to return. Little did I know that this would be via a Yelp event, but it was a great introduction to a place that I definitely have plans to return to to test out their menu. We were delivered canapes as part of a wine tasting event - if that is the quality, then I won't be disappointed, especially in the cheese stuffed profiteroles... sinfully good. We were given a nice little tour of the hotel - the snug, a nice wee place to indulge in a whisky with friends (yup, I can picture long nights of drunken scheming and finagling taking place in here), the restaurant complete with wine theme, and a fantastic overtop bar with a great view of the diners below. For the somewhat closeted geek in me - loved the wine pull (treat wine like beer! Imagine the lockin fun with that!), the seriously over the top wine tasting room with custom built tasting station (and very bad fake stone wall paper). And that brings me to the parts that make me cringe - the fake stone wallpaper took a rather funky tasting room (next door to cellars I would dream of owning) and added a layer of crass. The chandelier made out of nasty looking wine glasses just further contributed... and the mural of Burke and Hare in the function room was just seriously awful. If those were accidentally burned in a freak accident, I wouldn't miss them. That would leave the much better parts of Hotel du Vin, including the super lovely staff (Nan the manageress and Seb... a fantastic speaker, raconteur and sommelier) to do nothing but impress.
4	Never fails to impress! Lovely food, better wine, delightful staff! So friendly and helpful, I guess you're paying for it but that's why you go here! You know what you're getting, always good, lovely atmosphere, well done hotel du vin.
3	The Hotel du Vin is such a cooooooooool place.  The setting is gorgeous, they have a really swish smoking shelter with a fire which makes me want to take up smoking (joking!), an amazingly fabulous whisky snug, and a cool wine glass chandelier.  I booked in here for afternoon tea with my mom, attracted by the interesting G&T(ea) option.  We actually decided on the bubbly accompaniment, but the cocktail did sound tasty.  We arrived to a lovely little setup.  There were two parties who had booked in for afternoon tea and we each got our own little tucked away corner to enjoy ourselves.  This was great because it allowed us to chat and stay for ages.  The downside started when we waited quite a while for the very rushed/harassed bartender (on a Monday afternoon) to come and ask how we would like to receive our tea (we asked for the bubbly last, but got it first).  We then waited for what felt like too long again before actually receiving our tea and nibbles.  The nibbles were... meh.  The sandwiches were fine though pretty uninspired.  Ham, cheese, and salmon.  That's it.  We then each had two scones (one fruit and one plain).  I never understand when they give you two full-sized scones and often wonder if it's a cheap way to fill someone up?  The dessert tier was pretty lacking.  I tried everything and while half of the desserts didn't seem terribly fresh, the other half were just relatively tasteless.  So, the setting was fantastic but the actual afternoon tea itself left me feeling pretty "meh" about the whole experience.  I would come here for a drink but would look elsewhere next time I feel like afternoon tea,
4	What a Sunday Brunch!Great little place in old town...Burger is spot on.
5	A review for the Hotel du Vin (not the Bistro, unfortunately...) I had a truly lovely one night stay at the Hotel du Vin -- and would've stayed longer if time allowed. It's a beautifully remastered property with all the classic touches brought up to high sheen. The room: a well thought out space which contained a sizable bed (comfortable), small desk, commanding wardrobe and flat screen TV. The real hit is the bathroom -- with a full-sized tub and rain shower, higher end shampoos and soaps and fluffy towels/robes. Nothing overlooked -- even fresh milk in the fridge for your coffee! Room service. I opted for room service breakfast and it was fairly standard for the price (about 13 quid) and included a basket of pastries (too much for one person surely!), and then selection of juices (fresh OJ!), a carafe of coffee, yogurt with meusli and fresh berry compote. Satisfying and delivered swiftly -- I found it a worthwhile investment. The extras: complimentary wifi (and it works!), nespresso machines in room, velvet red cake squares at reception, the ladies even called me a taxi to train station. The rate: 89/night (midweek, advance paid booking via web) *authorisation of 50 on your credit card at check-in. Will definitely stay again. Well located to great restaurants, Edinburgh University, great shops, Greyfriar's Bobby. Protip: make a reservation to eat at The Outsider nearby. Very good restaurant and literally a 1 minute walk.
3	There is a sense in which this place was on a hiding to nothing, from the outset, as we'd had a simply excellent meal, the night before, at Cafe Fish, with the same group of people, visiting for the Six Nations rugby. It seemed unlikely that we could hit those heights, two nights in a row.And so it proved. I had a disappointing spinach souffle, to start, then followed with the steak hache, which was good without being particularly memorable. Service was confused and confusing, with a lot of staff overlapping and the pace of delivery rather pedestrian.It was a shame as I really like the venue. It's an excellent marriage of old and new, and the place has a lovely vibe. Their wine list is as impressive as you would expect.It's priced as fine dining, but the quality on offer is nowhere near that.Overall, we said: "Bistro du Vin certainly met our post-match needs very nicely, but it didn't quite hit the heights, for me. While the setting was lovely, and a jolly good time was had by all, I'm not sure the quality of the dishes was all that it could have been."
4	My partner had a voucher for a meal for two and we went on Friday night. The welcome at the door was great and we were shown to a lovely table. The waiter, sommelier and manager were all really friendly, knowledgeable and friendly. Our food was lovely - we had steak tartare and pate for starters with a lovely wine and then had a fabulous plate of hot shellfish and crustaceons with chips.I didnt like my dessert but then I was trying something new and my partner finished it very happily. We had a lovely evening and great atmosphere.
4	Had dinner here with the in-laws a wee while ago to celebrate the OH's birthday. The food and wine were lovely, the service was prompt & friendly but I found the restaurant a bit dark despite the high ceilings. There's not much natural light & even though we were sat by the window I almost felt like I was sitting in the dark.Next time I'd try the upstairs bar or if it's warm enough, a table in the courtyard.
5	So this place used to be a Mental Asylum And now for the review... The service, food, standards and overall personality of this hotel make for a solid four star experience. I stayed in one of their sister hotels before so there is a faint whiff of 'chain' but certainly nothing that takes away from the experience. Like I said,  a solid four star experience,  that's until I strolled into the bathroom for a shower after a cold afternoon in Edinburgh... and all of a sudden 4 became 5. Underfloor heating 'ya wee dancer'!
4	i popped in here the other night to grab a quick drink before an elite event.  i've been to the bar a few times before, but it was nice to re-visit as it had been a few years since the last time i'd been in.  like other hotel du vins, this is a fantastic hotel!  it's located in what used to be edinburgh's insane asylum, so a bit of historic bit totally refurbished to a 4 star hotel.  hopefully without any residual inmates from the past!!the bar is on a mezzaine level above the main restaurant, making it rather small but as cosy.  i quite like it and it's never been busy when i've been in so i've always been able to get a seat.  there are so cosy sofas for sitting and also a few small tables with chairs dotted about as well.  it's all keeping the general design of the hotel which is dark colours, leather and exposed brick.  very chic indeed.as we were only there for a quick drink, i got a whisky sour which my drink mates had a margarita and a bloody mary.  the waiter was very friendly and after taking our drinks order brought over a pot of olives and some nuts for nibbling on.  drinks arrived promptly as well and i can confirm my whisky sour was top quality.  it went down a treat and i was sad not to have the time to get another!  similar comments were made of the bloody mary and margarita.  as time was short we got the bill and were on our way shortly after the drinks were done, but overall a lovely visit and i'll need to make a point of getting to hotel du vin again soon!
3	Hotel du Vin has got its share of problems, we have attempted to go here on many occasions. a few months ago they had a electrical outage, so we couldn't. This time we went during the Fringe.  Very nicely they dotted their courtyard with parasols (read: rain shelters) and in addition they also erected a cigar booth. This set up allowed for smoking outdoors, whilst having the feeling you were indoors. As a smokers this is a luxury. Unfortunately their 'attendant' for the courtyard was a new guy. He was very sweet and helpful, but missing the attentiveness and the efficiency. Long waits for menus, drinks and the final bill. Good thing we were not in a real hurry to catch a show, as we already had ours. But that could have been quite disastrous if we were. I am sure the waiter will improve - and on a consequent visit I shall reflect that in my rating. For now it was OK.
4	When I found out I was to go to Edinburgh with the Yelp UK team, I was excited. When I found out I was staying in the Hotel Du Vin, even more so. We have a Hotel Du Vin in Birmingham (see review http://www.yelp.co.uk/biz/hotel-du-vin-birmingham?hrid=Ii2m4dKv7F_RbVSgsyP3gg), but I've obviously never had call to stay here as I live in the City Centre. This lovely building located in the old section of Edinburgh is so tasteful and classic, I practically felt out of place! That isn't to say that the staff weren't warm, welcoming and helpful - I'm just not very good at doing "posh"! I stayed here for three nights total and had breakfast on each of the mornings. The rooms were small, but well equipped (Yum... Nespresso machine) and offered all the creature comforts you would want from a hotel. The bath tubs were huge and I still regret not making time to grab a soak when I have the chance. The rain forest shower was also lovely though, so I can't really complain.In terms of extra touches, as well as the coffee pods (which were in a walnut presentation case and replaced everyday) the bathroom goodies (shower gel, conditioner, shower cap and cotton buds) were of a good quality and didn't wreck my sensitive skin or untameable hair - bonus!The breakfast here was Great! With a buffet selection of pastries, yoghurts, fruits and cold items and a full hot menu included in the price of the room - I have no complaints about the selection. When 6 of us went to brekkie together, there was a bit of a wait; but this didn't ruin the experience.The upstairs bar area is delightful for a nightcap and the outdoor area is magical at night; it's all lit up with string lights making it a great spot to enjoy a last beer before bedtime. All in all I had a nice stay at Hotel Du Vin. The rooms were either a bit warm or a bit noisy with the air conditioning on - but the beds were comfy and the decor was lovely. A solid 4 out of 5.
