2	I bought tickets to Kooza for my family of four including a 3 year old and a 6 year old. Because this was my first cirque traveling show, and four of us were going I decided to get the cheaper outer area seats, the ones that are $43 a piece.  One thing that they don't mention and you should know is that the cheaper corner  seats are obstructed view, actually even the next price level up for the rows in front of the cheap seats are obstructed. You will have a giant view of a support pole the entire performance. The performers move around a bit so it doesn't effect the entire show but it certainly isn't comfortable or enjoyable when you can't see, I wish they would have mentioned this.On to the show. If you are new to Cirque and your only point of reference is Ringling brothers then you will probably like this show, that is if you like clowns. David Shiner, the creator and a Cirque clown definitely has quite a bit of clowning acts in the show, I actually thought it went way overboard. For me clowns should offer light entertainment between what I consider the meat of the performance, the acrobatics and the story. Kooza is extremely heavy in long drawn out clown performances that wear you down and make you lose interest. I remember sitting there hoping the clowns would leave the stage so they could get on to the live music, acrobatics, anything. The performance itself is 2 and a half hours with a 30 minute intermission, which is a lengthy performance. If you have ever been to Vegas the shows typically run 90 minutes without intermission and they are packed for beginning to end. The seats are travel seats and can get uncomfortable after awhile, especially when you are craning your neck to see whats going on behind the pole.The acrobatics are typically where Cirque shines, and in this case the performers are great, they just happen to do most of what you have seen before at Ringling like the high-wire, the spinning dual wheel, etc. etc.  Don't get me wrong there are some amazing acts, and some hints of Cirque sneaking out here and there with the live music, beautiful costumes, and psychedelic acting, but for the most part the performances were to short and the clowning to long. Overall I may have been to hard on this performance because I just watched Mystere in Vegas at Treasure Island and it was utterly mind blowing. Kooza in comparison was a much different experience, one which I couldn't really get the pulse on nor really get drawn into. It didn't flow together well and felt to choppy, but again this could have been because I was blown away by Mystere which is a well oiled machine at this point. The best comment to sum up Kooza came from my wife, a first time viewer who you would expect to be blown away by the amazing Cirque du Soleil, but as she said "I just thought I would be overwhelmed, it was okay", which is a comment you would never hear after a Vegas performance. FYI-There is some adult content so if your kids are sensitive to this you might as well leave them home, but overall I found the performances tame and the adult content minimal.
5	I'm not even going to lie, the night was amazing for me, I was overwhelmed by everything and only vocabulary word I would said during the acts was WOW, I said WOW for 2  1/2 hours, smh I know soo many words but when lost in the moment only able to say WOW.  Went opening weekend and it was a 1st date, he wanted to take me out to dinner and a show and I was like ok cool, I like it when the man makes the plans, I don't like having to make the plans. I was shocked when he told me that the show we were going to see was Kooza, who does that for a 1st date and this was our only date I think my use of WOW didn't thrill him haha I have never been to a Cirque De Soleil show so I didn't really know what to expect, but had heard from friends that I wouldn't walk away disappointed.  The seats we had were great, saw everything clearly, I really enjoyed how they kept the audience engaged while waiting for the show to start. I don't want to spill to much because it might ruin it for you. The performers were just amazing, everything they did, the costumes, the makeup, the music, the singers OMG it was just mind blowing for me, I loved it! Should've had a WOW counter on me, I'm sure I said WOW over 60 times, yep makes me smart date hahahIt was my 1st Cirque De Soleil show, and now that I have a little taste I need to go to Vegas and catch a few more!
5	This show was fantastic. I highly recommend it to everyone. It was act after act of pure enjoyment. The price of the ticket was a huge value for what we saw. If you are going to see the show, this is defiantly one you don't want to go cheap on the tickets.I didn't follow the whole storyline but I really wasn't there for the story. I wanted to see the acts that the performers did. Wow! Was it worth it. Just when you thought an act couldn't be topped, another performance outdid the previous one.The clowns that did perform between the acts were pretty funny and did keep you laughing throughout the show.I saw Mystere in Las Vegas and felt that this was better. Don't miss this opportunity to see it while they are here.
4	I have been to numerous Cirque shows - traveling and fixed - none have ever disappointed me.This show was no exception. All the performers were well trained and awesome in all respects. The Wheel of Death made me say WOW at least 100 times with their dare devil routine. This was my favorite part of the show.LOST STAR = It was HOT (104), and in a tent, it was hotter. The A/C they had running was a joke. As the show had already been running for a couple weeks, you would have thunk they would have made adjustments as needed. Just needed a little better planning for the PHX area.
5	FREE tickets from the trapeze artist was the icing on the cake! thanks Yulia! She and the main singer were my students at my driving school. Being close to the 101 freeway must make it ok to commit highway robbery on Food and drink prices!
2	I have to ask the folks who planned this show in Glendale, "Why pick July in Phoenix?"It's 110 degrees outside. Does anyone want to sit inside a plastic tent, on a asphault parking lot, in the middle of the desert, in July? A non restricted view ticket will cost over 100 dollars each. I could have sucked up the expensive ticket prices & food costs, but the heat? No thanks. I will go to Las Vegas and see a Cirque Du Soleil show in comfort. It's too bad because it would have been much different had the show been planned for January, in Phoenix
4	I love cirque du soleil....this show didn't let down. Very entertaining, it involved the audience quite a bit. It seemed like most seating had a good view, most traveling cirque shows are like that, quite intimate.There were quite a few acts that had my palms sweating a little....the tight wire act, and that moving sphere thing (I have no idea what to call it) it was very cool, nonetheless....The only thing I didn't like was the off-color jokes the clowns made sometime (cirque du soleil clowns are nothing like circus clowns, just so you know...) Wasn't always 'family oriented' then again, I guess I saw nothing to indicate that it was......The tent did get a little warm after a while.....you won't need a sweater, and if you suffer from high blood pressure, then you'll probably be REALLY hot......Also a downer....they charged $10 CASH fee for parking.....and there is NO option! I HATE obligitory fees...just include it in the ticket price or something! At least that would be a fair warning.....ONE MORE THING....if you are in the cirque du soleil club, don't forget that they email you the program for free. (we did).
