5	Yum!  Great Carne asada & pork chorizo - tortillas were good too!
5	I went here on a recommendation for their carne asada.  I ended up buying 1.5 lbs of carne and 1.5 lbs of chicken, both of which were pre marinated.  They were PHENOMENAL on the grill.  The meat was tasty and very tender.  I also picked up some of their homemade tortillas which were just as good as the meat.  The prices were very reasonable as well, as I was out the door for around $15 for all that food.I would recommend this place to anyone looking for some authentic Mexican food or good meat to throw on the grill.  Clean store, nice people, and I will definitely be back.
5	This is not just a carniceria it is also a post office. I originally came here because I have a po box and pick up my mail. Now, I kill two birds with one stone: pick up my mail and some marinaded meat to grill for tacos. It is simply delicious and their salsa is good too. I haven't tried anything else but I might today :) the customer service is awesome and they are very welcoming. Try this place out either for a quick bite or bring some home to grill.
2	This place is really kind of a cool old school carniceria that I really wanted to like. The people that work there are great and really friendly. The post office in back is a nice touch as well. Being a breakfast burrito fanatic, I simply had to try their burros. Yesterday morning I went and ordered several bacon and chorizo. Was asked if wanted potatoes, sure I said, I didn't realize would be an upcharge but that's ok. When I got the burros home they were basically all potato. It reminded me of a baked potato with a tortilla wrapped around. The salsa was watery. I believe there was MAYBE 1 strip of bacon in each gi-normous burrito- nearly non existent. The chorizo was about the same, very very little meat. I could overlook this to some extent if they weren't $6.95 each. I have never in my life paid that kind of money for a breakfast burro. I think the worst thing was the price. You can go to anywhere in Phoenix and get a great burro for 5 bucks. The dichotomy is that you are going into like this hole in the wall/dive type of place, which I love, but then to pay high end prices. Really weird. Will not be going back.
5	Such a cool little hole-in-the-wall. I always go here when I want to make some authentic Mexican cuisine. They've got some good fresh vegetables for salsa, guacamole, fajitas, you name it. The pre-marinated Carne asada is just awesome!
4	Ok so who doesn't like Taquerias? I have had there Carne Preperado/Ranchero/Arachera.. Ive takin it home to grill also had it there while I waited.. EXCELLENT FOOD!! The Best Burro in town!!! I have some complaints.. 1 being if you order a carne asada burro for there or to go ask them to CHOP the carne for you.. its the best chopped instead of big chunks of asada.. the beans are to die for.. also the tortillas are fabulious.. plus you have a complete Carneciera to buy all you need to create your own marinates or spices. You can get Arachera add lime and adobo seasoning and is perfect.. our you can get Carne Ranchera(Marinated in orange juice garlic cilantro and onion).. I like to marinate my own :)Sure you could goto Food City and get Fatty Grizzle Flat meat for maybe $1 a pound cheaper .. But when its sooo fresh and ready to go.. Its all about the final product.. burros as big as your head with a nice fresh tastey 16" homemade tortilla filled with your love for your belly!!! I LOVE EL TORITO!!!!  :)
