1	My family and I have been going to the Taco Bell at 1909 W. Deer Valley for years. Last Thursday night my Dad went through the drive through, we got our usual, they messed up the order and did not give him a mexican pizza and got mine and my Mom's order right. While eating the taco salad, I looked down to find a bug about the size of an ant crawling out of my salad. I promptly stopped eating my salad and told my Mom I was going to call Taco Bell to see if I could get my money back. All the manager said was "that he could give me another salad (why would I want another salad) and a free drink." I said no thank you. I think you should check the rest of your food for bugs.My advice for people when they go to this place, check your food before you start eating it.
4	Taco Bell is good. CheapQuickFriendlyMary the older lady here might be the coolest person ever working in fast food. She is one cool lady.
2	OH MY GOD THIS PLACE IS GROSS! These taco bells have all been knocked down and rebuilt due to conditions that no longer make them sanitary enough to eat at.  Now this being said i like taco bell and I eat their healthy options because im not obese, as well as i don't go there much but this particular location which is unfortunately near my work i have been to several times.  The workers are illiterate which i spelled wrong and used spell check taking away all credibility but really scummy workers, gross place and my order has been messed up every time ive gone, go else where but not culvers because they SUCK TOO, and i dislike you if you like culvers honestly they shouldnt be in business
4	I really enjoy Taco Bell.  I know, 39% beef.  Regardless of my ability to eat faux beef, this location is operated very smoothly.  Their drive through for the most part runs like a well oiled machine.  Everyone that works there has always been very friendly. There is one guy that is actually on the verge of being annoyingly friendly!I've waited longer being the only person on line at other places than I have being the 6th or 7th at this Bell.  They have quite a weekday lunch rush, especially on mondays (yes I go there that often).  But they handle it well and it is *extremely* rare to get your order wrong.Though you might have to ask for a spork.
5	Its taco bell. That's all to be said about the food. However, this particular taco bell has THE friendliest staff of any fast food place I've been to. They are always upbeat, at first it's off putting because you are so accustomed to the person handing you your greasy food through the window being lackluster at best. Eventually you realize that they really are just this nice. I have never had someone roll their eyes or impatiently take my order. No, they are always happy to serve you. I've even had one fine gentlemen become concerned for my well being when I ordered a volcano burrito but no beverage. He wanted me to know it was very spicy. He continued to worry until I let him know I had a water bottle with me. Really. Nicest. People. Ever.
3	$2.00 value meal, cheery service crowd (almost too cheery) and that new green sauce which blows their others away.
4	The employees at this location are extremely friendly. Only complaint I have is that they have some trouble keeping up with the high volume as far as cleanliness in the dining area. But all in all, we're pleased and continue to return when we're on the go.
5	Alright. I don't eat taco bell, and wouldn't still even if I weren't allergic to dairy. That being said, my boyfriend and I just left this place and had to see if anyone else mentioned the gung-ho middle aged guy working there named Matt. He was the most intense guy ever to work in fast food. Basically a commercial come to life. I wasn't sure what to think or whether he was trolling, but it was the most interesting experience at a taco bell I've had. Totally a nice guy.
5	I think this place is amazing! I am not exagerating when I say that they have the friendliest staff ever. I will drive out of my way to go to this location. They are always positive and my orders are always fresh and accurate. For being a fast food spot, I am amazed at their high level of service and commitment to their customers. I def recommend!
5	A review for Taco Bell - "this guy is nuts" you might say.  I'm not going to lie, Taco Bell is a guilty pleasure of mine.  The food is good and cheap.  But, the thing that sets this restaurant apart from any other fast food restaurant is it's service.   A matter of fact, this place has better service then probably 90% of sit-down restaurants out there.  The staff is always friendly and extremely hospitable.  This may sound crazy - but go check it out and you'll be blown away.  I'm trying to convince my HR department (I work in hotels) that instead of recruiting out of any other avenue - we need to go find where this Taco Bell gets their associates.  Must have great management.
4	I have loved Taco Bell ever since I can remember...back when the Chili Cheese Burrito was called the Chilito.This location holds to the high standards a fast food restaurant should adhere to:CleanFast ServiceFriendly Staff
5	I don't bother reviewing fast food chain places unless there is something I really feel like I need to say...and today I do.I've lived in a neighborhood where this is the closest Taco Bell for over five years...and I have kids. So they want tacos every so often.And in all the times I've been to this place over the years, for late-night dinners, for offsite lunch during work, whatever, this particular location has impressed me in the long haul.This Taco Bell has NEVER, not once, gotten my order wrong. I can't say that about any other fast food place ever.This Taco Bell's employees have always been so polite, friendly, and kind that they may have given me diabetes.These people do a job that is by comparison, pretty lousy, and they probably get abused by a lot of rude folks in town. But they deserve to know that their efforts are noticed and appreciated.Hats off to the staff and management here, you are an example to the entire chain.
2	#DTCCR SUCKS. I'm only giving it 2 stars, because my GF prefers TB to DT, otherwise it would be ONE STAR.My personal disdain for this particular one comes from the horrible drive-thru correct completion ratio (#DTCCR). They have gotten our order correct MAYBE 5% of the time, with a statistically significant number of visits. REALLY.Tonights order 4 items= 2 Taco Salads-minus rice. One Pintos Cheese w/ green not red sauce. Steak Enchirito. 2 Drinks.Salads came thru window fast, and intact (no rice - yay!). 2 drinks followed, with one straw (boo). Second bag was pulled before coming thru window because it contained a large number of items (car behind us?). Second bag came thru - pintos, check. Enchirito, check.Got home - pintos with green? Nope. Red. Enchirito steak? Negative Ghost Rider. 6 items+2 straws = 8 things to hand us. 2 of them wrong, and no straw. 5 outta 8 just isn't a good percentage. Bonus points for window girl for realizing she had wrong bag and grabbing 2nd bag "on the fly". Negative points for substituting incorrect items for other incorrect items. It's just not worth it to call these places back and complain, or drive back, and they know it. I can't stress enough - when at this drive-thru DOUBLE CHECK YOUR ORDER for CORRECT ITEMS - not just number of items.
5	I never thought I would be reviewing a Taco Bell. I've been to this location several times, and I've never had a bad experience, so it already has a good mark in my book.I drove through a little after 10 tonight on my way home. It was mentally a long day and I was tired; I probably looked like a weirdo or doped up or something (I'm not).I noticed while waiting for my food after paying that the girls seemed to be having fun; I could just hear some laughter but I wasn't really paying attention. I always love it when people enjoy working together and make it fun. The girl who took my payment and served me was friendly and pleasant.I probably would have left it at that and just had a pleasant enough drive-through experience that was nice but not necessarily Yelp-worthy, until I got home. Not only was my food well-presented (which, whatever--it's a Cantina Bowl, so I wouldn't really have been upset if it was less than pretty), but "have a wonderful evening!" was written on the top of the plastic container in oil marker. I don't know if they wrote a bunch of them out for whomever came through tonight, or if it was just for me because they thought I was strung out or something, but it doesn't matter. It was a sweet gesture and it made me smile. That little tiny extra effort is a big deal in customer service, as far as I'm concerned. Kudos to the team tonight.
4	Thank you I was treated good very good customer service but only one thing just clean the bathroom itis  disgusting when I walked in there  keep up the good work
4	Liking the AM crunch wrap!  Great breakfast for the money, but the stigma of TACO BELL!!! will probably & unfortunately kill this concept in time.
