2	Went there for hubs MBA graduation today. NOT GOOD FOR KIDS! DO NOT BRING YOUR KIDS HERE!!!! I did. They wouldn't let us use the stroller around the walk around, or watever you call that thing. We could carry the baby but we had to keep moving. As soon as we stopped, the vultures from the security company would jump on us and ask us to keep moving or go outside. My father in law was visiting from the east coast and had to take the lil'un outside. He ended up missing seeing his son walk. Oh well, I guess there are DVDs for such things. They had a lot of area sectioned off for the people in wheel chairs and for the disabled which is fine but hey, how about sectioning off some special area for moms with strollers or dads with babies and bottles and diaper bags and gold fish, and crackers, and cameras too! Gosh!!!The stairs are kinda steep without having anything to hold on too...so wear shoes with good traction. The seats are too close to each other. Kinda felt crammed. Or is it cramped. Dunno.Positives; Wells Fargo Arena is easy to find. It looked clean. The parking garage was okay. Looks new.  It is quite a hike especially for elderly folks or in crazy ass Phx temperatures.The flowers they were selling outside were yucky and really low quality. Bring your own flowers if you wanna present it to someone at the ceremony etc.
3	Stopped in to check out, and ASU women's preseason game was going on.  Got in for free, stayed for first 10 minutes then left.  This was very adequate from when it was built (late 60s?) to about 10 years ago, but ASU probably will need a new building in the not too distant future it it's to stay competitive with other schools.  No suites and concourses not very wide.  But all around the concourse there's a nice athletic Hall of Fame exhibit (Reggie Jackson, Barry Bonds, Phil Mickleson, Pat Tillman and many many others). Reminds me of Purdue's Mackey Arena but all seats at ASU have seatbacks.  Views are good.  Parking can be a pain if you don't have permits or are unwilling to pay; had to walk about 3 blocks on a Sunday afternoon from strip mall.
3	Went for a graduation. Haven't seen a game here but the stadium is pretty nice. The seats are a little worn and not the most comfortable but it was fine. Plus, graduation's aren't the most fun events but neccessary!
4	This is somewhat of a small stadium, but very nice for watching basketball. It is very clean and modern in its design. The view is excellent from anywhere in the stadium. There are ample concessions and restrooms located around the concourse. Just watch out for the idiots throwing things and drunkenly punching each other up in the student section.
4	I'm a wildcat but I will say Wells Fargo Arena is a good place to watch a basketball game. Recently my niece was here as a trainer for a visiting team. We got our tickets way up high but I could easily see the entire court and didn't feel so far. It's also very bright. Probably because of the ugly yellow and maroon all over the place.lol. Had to throw that in!!!
5	The Sun Devils are back in the discussion this year finally and are off to a 7-1 start. Jahi is the real deal. This was my 2nd game at Wells Fargo arena and I liked this cozy arena. It is draped in ASU yellow and maroon and since ASU is the only tenant, they went all out with the pretty colors. Currently, the arena is barely half full, so walking up to get tickets, parking and managing crowds are not a problem. It is also very easy to parlay your $12 ticket into much better seating so far this season. Most shocking event of the night: saw a handful of scalpers out front, but they were white!
4	Cool place. Went here for my friends ASU Graduation ceremony.
4	As a Sun Devil alum, staff member, and athletics fan, I have found myself in Wells Fargo Arena for men's basketball games throughout the last six years (and occasional women's basketball games).  While I have been in much larger arenas, I think the Wells Fargo Arena is a great venue that isn't too large and isn't too small.  Having just been to the rival basketball game (U of A at ASU), almost the entire arena was filled, and there was much spirit and passion on the parts of both sets of fans.  Definitely a fun time!I have also enjoyed events in Wells Fargo Arena including the residential move-in experience, Sun Devil Welcome, student concerts, and graduation ceremonies.  The arena is built in such a way that there is great flexibility in its layout and each year, ASU upgrades the arena a bit.  Last year, a new mini-food court was added on the east side of the arena.
2	This place is old and needs to be imploded.  It looks like it was built in the 1960's or 70's and hasn't had a facelift since.  They need to improve the "Ring of Honor" photo displays in the arena....right now, it looks like a high school yearbook from 1965 instead of a modern display to honor the ASU Hall of Fame athletes who deserve to be honored in a better way.  It's more hilarious than honorable.  They did a good job at the football stadium, some Alumni should step up to make it happen here.The walkways to get to your seat are very narrow so when people are in line at the concession stands it's very difficult to walk around.  Same thing if a line forms at the restrooms, it's difficult to walk by.The seats in the arena are very narrow too.  I have no idea how anyone who weighs 250+ lbs can sit in them.  The video board is not bad and it can get loud when it's full, which is a key to home team advantage.Overall, the game watching experience is the best attribute to this arena.  It falls short on everything else.Return Factor - 75%
5	Wells Fargo Arena has the feel of an intimate, family friendly sporting complex.  Although I was never an ASU student, I feel like part of the home team.  I taught some psychology classes for ASU and worked on the Polytechnic campus for a stint.  That should count for something.  I've seen a women's basketball game and a gymnastics meet.  Both times, It was general admission and the seats were great.  At the basketball game I caught a shirt.  The gymnastics meet was a Girl Scouting event.  Around the inside walkway are trophies, team photos, and player photos.  At the end of both events, we were allowed to walk around on the court/floor and my daughter was able to interact with the athletes while they autographed memorabilia.  At the gymnastics meet, the women's team signed her shirt while she was wearing it.
3	It's big, it's noisy and it's big and noisy, but what do you expect when you are there for a High School Graduation?  This was our third year in a row here for graduation and sadly that is the only reason we come, except for one High School B-Ball tournament.  I'm not a big sports fan, and by no means a Sun Devil fan.  Our next trip will be in 3 years for yet another graduation.
3	Kind of an outdated venue but when the ASU team is decent it can be a loud arena with a great college experience.
4	Another year of ASU hoops and the crowds still remain about half filled or slightly higher (not counting UA). This will be the last year that the Devils have a chance to make the tournament in my opinion and crowds will die off next year. ASU needs a new arena to compete in the Pac 12. There is not one luxury box, kind of a throw back place, but since they dedicated everything to the football stadium, I think the hoops program is being thrown under the bus. Crowd can still get loud and the Devils draw more fans than UCLA and USC, but firing Sendek after the season might bring a new energy that is needed and maybe a better future for the program.
3	Ok at best.  Needs some work, updating and some loyal fans to pack this house.  Good concession food available.Close to bars/restaurants for pre-game festivities.
3	Nothin' really special about this place. It's clean and host sporting events. Staff is always friendly and available if you need assistance. Does the job but like Sun Devil Stadium, it could use a makeover.
4	Wells Fargo Arena is an older venue in need of a significant facelift. It's a time capsule that hasn't changed much since its ASU Activity Center days. Incremental changes have been made over the years to (barely) maintain its relevancy. Fortunately, it should soon be seeing some money from the newly created ASU Athletic Facilities District to help with some serious upgrades.But do less than up-to-date amenities really matter? I say "no." The arena has a fantastic location at ASU and near light rail. Perfect size, much more intimate than US Airways Center. Great college sports. I highly recommend sports such as women's volleyball or women's basketball, which allow you to get up close and personal at a value price. For the price of one Phoenix Suns game, you can take the kids to half a dozen games at Wells Fargo!
2	My $5 ticket came with access to the Sun Devil Club. This "Club" is a small room inside the arena with a few tables and a half dozen TV sets. Just like the arena, this club needs some attention. My main beef is the price of a beer.: $9 for a bottle of beer    (is this how they treat all Sun Devil Fans...there aren't many of us, so can you give us a reasonable beer price inside an exclusive club)No food served either or available and some guy in a tie comes out and gives us a 30 second scouting report on the opponent? Have the Devils brass heard of the internet? Just print out some stuff for the fans. This Club was a mess. The arena is old, but still gives good views from most seats.
