5	This stadium rivals Camden Yards as my favorite modern/retro stadium.My love for the stadium certainly has nothing to do with their tenants (the Pirates) who haven't fielded a credible team since a then lanky Barry Bonds skipped town in the early 1990's.And I don't recall any amenities that won me over.  I don't recall anything extraordinary at the concessions and - while they have local beer (always a plus) - Pittsburgh's local beers pre-date the microbrew revolution (translation: taste like domestic swill).So what won me over?  Two words: the view.Behind the outfield stands lies the most beautiful view I've seen outside a stadium.  In Pittsburgh?  I know!  They picked the perfect spot for the stadium.  It looks out upon the Allegheny River which cuts through Pittsburgh and merges with the Monongahela to create the Ohio River.  (geography is hot, huh?).  This convergence is the primary reason why Pittsburgh became a city and why their old stadium was called Three Rivers Stadium.The river provides a target for left handed batters who can reach it with a long blast over the high right field fence - very reminiscent of Barry Bond's new home in San Francisco (at AT&T formerly SBC and before that Pac Bell Park).  As the river extends out beyond center field, you can see the closest of three identical yellow steel suspension bridges.  These bridges dutifully represent the city in construction (steel - this is the Iron City and home to the Steelers), color (both the Pirates and Steelers have yellow in their uniforms), and number (three, like the # of rivers).  The closest bridge is named after the great Pirate right fielder Roberto Clemente who was a hero both on and off the field (he died in a plane crash in 1972 at 38 on the way to help Nicaraguan earthquake victims).    It's closed to car traffic during game nights so you can park across the river and walk over.  Really nice.  (interesting enough, one of the other bridges is named after Pittsburgh's own Andy Warhol - I wonder if pop art kids sit on this bridge eating Campbell's Soup listening to the first Velvet Underground album).Beyond the river lies the Pittsburgh skyline.  If it's not grander than, say, the NY skyline from the Circle Line, but it sure beats the skyline you see beyond Yankee (the Bronx) and Shea (parking lot).If you ever have a chance to see a game here, do it.  It doesn't matter if you're a baseball fan.  You can just stare beyond the outfield and soak in the view.
5	I enjoyed my one game at PNC Park quite a bit. Maybe it had to do with the amount of beer I drank- from the M-Lite to their local brews like Yuengling and Penn Pilsner, but I doubt that was the main reason. This park was the perfect size for the area, seemed very well maintained (granted it's pretty new), and had a good number of concession stands. I agree that it does a good job filling the traditional or retro park image in a modern way. My home park being PacBell/SBC/AT&T Park in SF, also new and on the waterfront, this park is right up there with that (not QUITE the same). Also comprable to AT&T Park are the records of the teams that play in both parks. Eh, that's why there's food, beer, and beautiful design and architecture to look at.
5	Gorgeous, gorgeous ballpark. If you are a baseball fan, I don't care where you live, get your arse to PNC Park. Everything about this park, except for the team (no offense, Bucs fans), is top notch. The park itself has a very cozy feel to it and offers a great view of the city. The food is excellent and there's a ton of variety. You can get really great seats for an affordable price. Plus, I don't know if you non-Pittsburgh residents (such as myself) know this, but Pittsburgh is actually a pretty clean city and a lot of fun.I think I might like this better than Camden Yards, actually. Definitely a must-see for any baseball fan.
5	If only the Bucs actually had a team worth watching......Of all the post-1992 stadiums, this one is at the top.  Beautiful views of the skyline, and not a bad seat in the house.  And plenty of baseball history here too, from the statues of Clemente to Stargell to Honus Wagner ( yes fans, the Pirates actually do have a storied history believe it or not ).  And of all the modern day parks I've visited, I'm glad to say that there are not many " bells and whistles" here , the emphasis is on the game itself.  And for the architecture, the use of limestone instead of brick really gives the park a distinct feature since a lot of are retro parks are using the traditional brick and steel features.  And with the Bucs struggling, tickets are really affordable.  Attended 2 games here back in Sept. 2005 vs. the D-Backs.  Also, if you can, walk acrosss the 6th street bridge, aka as the Roberto Clemente bridge.  It is closed of to vehicular traffic on game days to allow the fans to walk across to the stadium.  For some reason, walking across the bridge named after one of the 'Burghs favorite sons with other fans alike really is part of the game day atmosphere.
5	Whether your a baseball buff or not, if you are ever fortunate enough to be able to watch the Bucs via one of PNC Park's luxury suites GO GO GO!  The views of the field and the cityscape are spectacular.  The amenities are, well, luxurious.  The outdoor seating gallery is perfect for the hardcore Buc fans to watch the game and the adjoining suite with large picture window is perfect for mingling with co-workers or clients and grabbing some catered munchies.  There was even an a la carte dessert cart strolling the halls, when I was there, for those that hadn't included this in their catering orders.Lots of other dining options in the park itself including The Home Plate Club (for those with club tickets), Vincent's Pizza, Atria's Restaurant, Seattle's Best Coffee, Ben and Jerry's, and of course..... 'Outback in the Outfield' which has plenty of indoor seating overlooking the field, as well as, a party deck with a view of both the field and the cityscape.  These restaurants are open throughout the week and frequented by business crowds for lunch.Did I mention the spectacular cityscape views from every seat in the park?  I really hated to see Three Rivers Stadium go (and was present when it was finally brought down), but have to admit the views from the new stadiums are breathtaking.(And, if you get to bring a guest, bring one that has the class not to salivate on the glass dividers of the outdoor gallery when they spot their favorite celeb or sports legend in a neighboring suite. ;)
5	PNC Park is easily the best ballpark I've been in - better than my beloved Fenway, better than Wrigley, Comiskey (U.S. Cellular), Angel Stadium, any other I've been at. The food is great - I love how they've mixed in neighborhood food with the classic ballpark food. The views are fantastic - there's not a bad seat in the place, and it's just a beautiful, perfect place to watch a baseball game. I can't wait to get back to my next game at PNC Park... if only the Pirates didn't suck so much...
5	Okay, I am a huge baseball geek. When I say huge, I mean HUGE. I am the guy that knew that Ralph Kiner is the only man to lead his respective league in home runs his first 7 seasons. He was also the first Pirates player to hit home runs in 4 consecutive at bats. Maybe this is why they have a bronze casting of his hands here at the park.Anyhow, this stadium is top-notch. It is located right in the downtown area and there are plenty of bars surrounding it. In a blue collar city, this exquisite stadium looks to match that same feel, as it's nice, but in an old-school way that doesn't smack of pretense. If you are a real fan, you will have a great time here.
5	I would have to venture to say that this is the best ballpark in the major leagues. The only one that comes close would be Baltimore.  The view out of the outfield is spectacular.  The food prices are not extreme and with a selection of food such as Quaker Steak and Lube and Primanti Brothers, you don't have to eat the traditional hot dog or hamburger.  The beer prices are tame and there is plenty of parking between the stadium lots and the downtown garages. Park downtown and walk in over the Clemente bridge to get yourself pumped up.  Wow, the list of great things about this stadium just goes on and on.  There's some pretty cool bars just across the street too for after the game, or head to another section of Pittsburgh.
5	OK, so I'm not a baseball fan. I hate it actually. I've went to a few games and thoroughly enjoyed all of them. Great view of our beautiful city.
5	I'm originally from the area and now that I live in Seattle I miss my hometown bucs even more. Okay, so I'm actually from West Virginia and I'm actually a Mets fan, but hey I still pretended to catch baseballs like Andy van Slyke!No ballpark compares to PNC. I've been to many, many parks and there are none like it. Why oh why did they build Safeco right before the old-style ballpark comeback?!Maybe I'll catch a game early enough in the season for the Pirates to have a winning record.
5	This was a really beautiful ballpark.  I live in San Francisco and also love AT&T Park aka Pac Bell Park but somehow, someway, I feel like PNC is nicer but it may be just that ATT Park is in my hometown and it's easier to get to so maybe I take it for granted a bit.  Scenery is excellent and I can't imagine a park much nicer than this!!!
5	Simply outstanding park, with a breathtaking view of the Pittsburgh skyline and the Roberto Clemente Bridge. Everything about this park is spot on, but my favorite feature is the "out of town" scoreboard, which features runners on base, as well as at bat and pitcher details. Ideal.
5	The best skyline view of any park I've been to.  The only bad part of the whole experience is that the Bucs are terrible right now.  It's a great stadium, in a great town, with some great fans.  Hopefully things will change for the Pirates in the future.Highly recommend!
5	The Pirates may not be the best team in baseball, but they still play in the best modern ballpark in the US (and it was nice that they won 8-4 for my visit back home).Atmosphere - Great!!  Every seat is a good seat and you really feel up close and personal with the game.  Beautiful views of the city.  Aaah, da burg an nat.Service - Nice ushers clean your seat before you sit down.  Be nice and tip.  Food - Lots of choices from Quaker Steak & Lube (wings) to fancier things.  Plus, they have the Pittsburgh classic...Primanti BrothersPrice - Tickets as cheap as $12.  Choice seats at $27.Likes -* Views* Seats* I have not been back in 4 yrs and the stadium still looks new!!Dislikes -* Pirate ownership...spend a buck and get a good team.Overall - A great place to spend some time with friends and family.
5	My favorite park - gorgeous skyline, great food choices, easy to park, and you can't beat the ticket prices!
5	This is a great park!!  Was in Pittsburgh visiting recently and of course we had to take in a baseball game.  We're pretty spoiled coming from Seattle with Safeco Field as it's a pretty nice baseball field - however PNC Park is equally impressive if not more so.  We bought the cheapest seats but there were enough empty seats that we got to watch the game from lots of different areas of the stadium.It's a great view of downtown (and a great view of the park from downtown) and nice being right by the river.  Even got to see a home run hit out of the park - not just in the seats but actually outside the park.  Pretty cool.
5	Wow!  WOW!!!!  I think that was the nicest ballpark i've ever been to.  everything is right on top of the action, they understand making it an experience (unlike Seattle).  Great scenery, and yes you probably can hit a ball into the river.  Funny voicetrous fans ala Philly.They close the bridge for the games, though don't do anything with it.  just lacking crowds (which was nice for us as we could sit everywhere and tour the park.  Manny Santguine has a BBQ in the outfield and sits there and signs autographs the whole game.)Great fun, I think the bleachers might be the best seats in the house right on the fence.  Unlike other places they seem to mandate the players interact with the fans.
5	I can't beleive I haven't reviewed PNC Park sooner!  Let's be clear about one thing--the Pirates have not had a winning season since before I became an adult.  At least they have not been to the post-season since 1992.  I was 15 at the time!  But, oh, if they ever had a "Worst-Team-With-The-Best-Ballpark" award in the Majors, the Pittsburgh Pirates would certainly win it!  PNC Park is way better than what it replaced--Three Rivers Stadium.  Even though Three Rivers probably had the last cheap General Admission seats in the Majors.The design of the place is wonderful.  First of all, it's small.   This gives every seat a great view of the action.  You really feel like you're a part of something, instead of being in something so vast (Hello, Chicago's US Cellular Field!).  Second of all, the view from PNC is spectacular!  You really have a good view of Downtown and the rivers, unlike the old Three Rivers Stadium, which had no sense of place.  The only drawback is that it put home plate in the "wrong" corner of the ballpark.  Homeplate should always be in the Southwest corner.What really makes PNC Park stand out is that there's  pedestrian and riverboat access.  It also provides easy access for pedestrians crossing the Roberto Clemente bridge from downtown, as well as those arriving from the riverwalk.   They do the smart thing by closing down the bridge to traffic, so that it's an easy walk.Still, despite it being a relatively new park, you can get rather inexpensive tickets here.  Box seats will run you about $16.00-$35.00 and this is where I prefer to sit.  But as I said before, there ain't a bad seat in the house and you can sit in the upper deck granstand for $13.00 to $16.00, the left or right field grandstand for $6.00 to $9.00, and the bleachers for $9.00.  Whenever we have "Girl's Night/Day Out at the Game", we ALWAYS get the cheap seats.
5	As you can see from my trend in reviews, 5 stars do not come out very often. However PNC Park takes the 5 star award for baseball stadiums. This place is gorgeous. Everything about this park screams baseball, except for the team playing in it. With capacity at just under 40,000, the Pirates can't seem to even fill 15,000 of that on a normal night. However, no matter how bad the Pirates are, they still call the nicest stadium in MLB home. From the very beginning the experience is great. The stadium is surrounded by places to park and it is never hard to find a spot. The streets closest to the stadium come to life as game time approaches. The Roberto Clemente bridge closes down to traffic to make a pedestrian walkway into a street of activity just outside of the Stadiums box office. Here you will find food, give aways, and the occasional band playing. As you walk down around the stadium, you reach the Allegheny River. Its a beautiful stroll before or after a game with the Roberto Clemente Bridge right above you and the City Skyline across the river. Once you venture into PNC Park the beauty continues to grow. Everything is clean and its staff is more than happy to help you. Tons and tons of food options, including the famous Primanti Brothers sandwich shop which is a mandatory stop if it's your first experience in Pittsburgh. Prices are as expected high, but not as high as some other stadiums I have been too.I have never sat in a bad seat in this house. I have been along first base and third base and as high as the college night Pirates Cove. Never have I felt like I had a bad view of the field, and I have always had an amazing view of the breath taking skyline out beyond right field. If you are not careful you may get caught in the face with a fly ball looking in awe at how beautiful the city of Pittsburgh looks from inside the stadium. And if all that wasn't enough, if you catch a game on one of the many Friday night firework show games, you are in for an unbelievable treat. Select Friday nights through out the season there is a firework show that launches from the river over the Stadium and City that is choreographed with music that is played over the stadiums PA system. I have not yet seen a better fireworks show in my life than the once that PNC Park puts on a dozen times a year!If you are in Pittsburgh and its baseball season, this is a must see attraction and experience.
5	The best stadium in baseball.  I really love this place, and it takes all of my money.  However, the prices are so cheap here, I tend to purchase the fancy seats.
4	I've been to PNC Park both times I've visited Pittsburgh. It's the park itself that's the draw for baseball fans, at least for me. Obviously, the Pirates are not going to be the big draw for out-of-town baseball fans with their decade-plus run of mediocrity.The ballpark itself is beautiful. Nice, wide concourses with plenty of food choices. PNC park even has a Primanti's. There's plenty of people selling beer in the ballpark. The choices are the usual national brands like Miller, Budweiser and the Pennsylvania favorite, Yuengling. Even though I'm not a Pirates fan, I still had a good time during both visits. If you get a seat behind home plate but in the higher section, you can get a great view of the Pittsburgh skyline. PNC park is in a great location right along the water, next to the 7th St. bridge.This year the Pirates opened the Hall of Fame club to any ticketholder. It's a place where you can sit down, have a drink, order some food and either watch the game through the big window or on the many tv's placed around the bar. I noticed the new ballparks have a bar/lounge with a view of the field. If you paid all that money to go to the game, why would you sit at a bar inside the ballpark, watching the game on tv? Maybe someone from Major League Baseball can explain that to me.
5	Awesome stadium! I went there to see a Mets/Pirates game and was throughly impressed. I was sitting in the nosebleed seats behind homeplate. I actually liked these seats since they gave me a great view of the bridge, water and boats passing. I really enjoyed that going to get concessions didn't mean I had to miss much of the game as you can still see from the concession area. The prices were unbeatable, especially coming from NY. The person at the concession stand was pretty rude but I won't penalize the stadium itself for that.
5	PNC Park is one of the BEST baseball stadiums in all of MLB. I've been blessed to have this park available at my fingertips, since I work in Pittsburgh. But, no offense Burghers, I am also blessed to NOT be from Pittsburgh originally so I don't have to be a Bucs fan. Don't get me wrong. I have no problems rooting for the Pirates when I am at games (except when I went to the Bucs vs. Yanks game this year). I would just be so frustrated being a local fan. The past two years, I have had the pleasure of watching some of the staples of the Pirates ballclub - Nady and Bay, namely - play their hearts out even though they are always bound to losing seasons. (What are they at now? 16 consecutive losing seasons?!) Why, why, WHY would they get rid of such talented and passionate players?!! I know, I know, it's a matter of the business. Both players would be free agents in a year or so. But still, the Pirates organization has NO gratefulness to its fans! For those fan who go to games no matter the results of the games, the fans that continue to PAY money to support their team, my heart goes out to you. At least you all have a beautiful ballpark. After all, this is not the place for the pity party. This is the place to praise what you do have, not what you don't. So, my justification for the 5 stars: 1. One of the BEST views from ANY park - downtown pittsburgh is just darn beautiful especially during those night games. 2. Great food - Prim Bros: a local favorite and one to try for all tourists, Quaker Steak & Lube: delicious wings in a big bucket, and all your ballpark favorites.3. A great view from all seats - there really isn't a bad seat in the house. except maybe the seats at the angles where your legs jam into your neighbors. Not an issue for me, i'm short.4. Really nice club boxes - I've been once and the seats are comfy, the room is nice, the food is decent, and the beer is great.5. All you can eat seats for $35 - All the hot dogs, hamburgers, nachos, salads, popcorn, peanuts, ice cream and soda you can eat while you attempt to fit into the seats in section 147 for any game.So there it is. I love this place. Although losing the young stars is not much incentive to go. I think I'm boycotting for the rest of 2008, but I'll be around when the boys come back next year.
4	This place is worth it just for buckaroos... even though I'm sure that their 'bucko nuggets' isn't actually made of chicken, getting a drink/hot-dog/nuggets/fries/nachos/ice-cream/packaged cotton candy for about $10 total is awesome.
5	One of the greatest ballparks I've ever been to, even compared to my beloved Camden Yards which feels cramped next to PNC.  Apart from the obvious benefit of the greatest view in baseball, the stadium is actually wonderfully designed.  It's very intimate and seating sections are at very efficient, albeit unusual, angles throughout the park.  I especially like how the entire lower concourse is open to the field so you can walk around the perimeter of the entire park to explore, or get concessions, and never feel like you've left the stadium.  To top it all off, ticket prices are VERY reasonable.  $27 to sit twenty rows back directly behind home plate?  Psh!  That's almost minor league prices!My only qualm is that the stadium isn't really amidst anything but a parking lot.  I'm not sure if this is because of laws, or lack of interest, but there is also hardly any fanfare around the stadium which I found to take a little bit away from the experience.  No vendors or tailgaters; just a couple statues.I'm not a Pirates fan, or even a National league fan for that matter, but if I lived within an hour of Pittsburgh I'd be here at least once a week.  It's too beautiful and cheap not to come here.
4	Really people, it doesn't get much better. Great prices, great view, and an overall great way to spend a day out. The stadium is beautiful, the food is good, the team is alright, and for the price you can't beat it.
5	INSANELY AWESOME PARK!I was here for the 2006 All Star game, and I felt like stealing this park and bringing it home.This is possibly the best ballpark in America, and I went to old Comiskey, so i know a thing or two about kick ass fields.
5	Everything a major league ballpark should be. It's probably not even possible to conceive of and construct a baseball stadium in the city of Pittsburgh that can surpass this one.PNC Park has it all. Before you even arrive, you are able to walk across the river from downtown on the Robert Clemente Bridge, which is appropriately painted Pittsburgh-gold. The views of the three rivers, downtown, and park one end waiting for your arrival is an experience in and of itself. Once you get there, the park is decked out in signature Carnegie Mellon-style yellow brick, which is something that just simply works in this black-and-gold city. The Pirates honor their rich history well here, with statues of the greats at every corner. Once inside, the walkways have great sight lines to the field, even the ramps/stairs provide a view worth stopping for. The luxury boxes and Club level have comfort you could want. No matter where you sit, there's a great view of the field, the rivers, and the downtown skyline, which is one of Pittsburgh's most underrated aspects. You can also walk alongside the river and eat BBQ made by and old Pirate's legend. All you have to do is wander over there.Oh yeah, the food. PNC Park made extra strides to make sure that every major Pittsburgher original is included in the park. You can eat your primanti's bros sandwiches, have quaker steak and lube wings, drink Iron City and Yuengling beer, and soak it all up. There's so much variety too, from BBQ, to American, to Greek food, asian food, it's massively impressive. When I lived in the 'burgh, there was also an Outback Steakhouse in left field, which was super-great. It has closed since, but I hope that whatever they replaced it with works out.Of course, the only problem here is that the Pirates haven't even had a decent team since Barry Bonds was around in 1993 and lost that heartbreaking playoff game against the Braves. But, even the Pirates general awfulness turns out to be a blessing in disguise. It lowers the price of admission to one of baseball's greatest parks AND lets you root for the underdog every time you go!Lastly, don't miss the Pierogi races! It's way better than the sausage race in Milwaukee. And, if you're lucky enough to watch the Pirates play the Brewers, sometimes you get a Pierogi vs. Sausage showdown race for the ages!
5	Being less than a hours drive away from AT&T Park and the SF Giants, I have given AT&T the title of nicest park in Baseball.Until now.My taxi dropped me off at the Robert Clemente Bridge (one of my fav pastime ball player growing up) and the view from there was gorgeous. Plenty of photo ops from across the Allegheny! First word that came out of my mouth:WOW. Is what I have to say about PNC. Architecturally, I believe that AT&T and PNC are pretty even. However what sets them apart is the Downtown Pittsburgh skyline and Pittsburgh FOOD!! OMG. I had TWO Prim Bros sandwiches at the game, it was soo delicious. AT&T Park has the garlic fries (which would have brought me to climax if I had that and the Prim Bros sandwich).The game I went to, the Pirates came back from 4-1 against the Rockies and scored 10 runs in ONE inning! So I was pretty jazzed to witness that comeback!
5	Finally getting around to write a review for PNC Park.  Its my goal to go to as many parks as I possibly can, and this one was on the top of the list.Lets start with the location from downtown.  You can easily walk here from downtown and its really quite stunning to cross over the river on Roberto Clemente Bridge and be right there at the stadium.  I highly recommend coming by early to check out the area in front of the stadium.  There are several bars and restaurants that sell beers you can just drink along the street (blocked off).  The pirates have quite a rich history, despite nothing in the past 16 years, and they really put it on display at the stadium.  Statues and other markers on the various walkways.The stadium holds around 35,000 so it really has an intimate feel.  No HUGE upper deck every seat is a good seat.  I sat behind home plate so that I could get the fantastic view of the city skyline and bridges in the distance.The food is also quite exquisite.  They had tons of options and the prices were reasonable in comparison to other parks I have been to.  THe beer selections was also very nice.  Tons of nice microbrews, no need to drink Bud or Miller light.I will definitely be back to PNC in the near future.
5	Ok, so if you know me, you'll know I'm a die hard Cub fan.  Seriously.  I may even need therapy for it.  On the real.I came to PNC with my friend Devin, and were psyched to see the Cubs play the Pirates in Devin's new "hometown."  I was amazed at the beauty of the park, and the huge variety of beer, food, and fun that the stadium offered.Of course, the part that made my visit SUPER special, was my friend Devin CATCHING THERIOT'S HOME RUN!!!  So psyched for him, and it was like #7 knew exactly where the Cub fans were and it it to us!I loved walking the Clemente bridge before and after the game, and that provides great views of the park!I may have to plan a trip back here when the Cubs take on the Bucs next year! :-)**EDIT**Whoa!  After shmoozing Dempster (well, not really, but I did talk to him, and he said yes!), he got Theriot to autograph said ball that was caught!  W00t!!!!Also, I'd love to point out that I got the Levy tour of the park, and AMAZING!!!  There's at least 4 pool tables on the Club Level.  How cool is that!?Another great point, is that this park is EXTREMELY ADA friendly (they even have an open captioning program under the scoreboard) AND the Pirates organization is big on hiring people with disabilities.  This little fact alone gets a HUNDRED stars from me!!
5	I love, love, love PNC Park.  It is the most beautiful baseball park that I have ever visited.  So, stop #1 on our quest to visit all of the MLB parks.   I love the exterior, the style is classic and the location is awesome.  The views of the downtown Pittsburgh skyline are so amazing.  And while the Pirates are not the most impressive team in the National Baseball league, we have seen some great games here.
5	Having visited almost 1/2 the professional ballparks in America I can confidently state that PNC Park is the single best one to watch a game.  From every seat you have a full view of all of the action as well as an amazing view of the Pittsburgh skyline.  There are a number of fantastic eatieries spaced throughout the park (reasonsably priced by baseball standards).The only downside is that you end up watching the Pirates ... 19 years of futility and counting.
5	So what if the Pirates suck? Go to the game to see the away team!The stadium is still amazing and tickets are cheap on the street (albeit to the Pirates suck-ey-ness). We got 2 seats on the 1st base line for 15/each (and probably overpaid). Vendors make prompt re-visits to their sections and it's probably one of the few stadiums in the country where you can get a beer for less than 10 bucks. Walkable from all downtown hotels...plenty of places in/around the park to eat either before or after the game.
5	Still my favorite park in MLB.  I had a memorable experience back in 2005, which included a fireworks display, discovering Primanti Brothers, and catching a foul ball with one hand (yes, I am very proud).  I was impressed by how low the seats were to the field, so that even 10-12 rows back along the first-base line, we seemed really close.Yesterday's visit confirms my recollections.  Our seats were in right field, about four rows from the top, but it was still a great view.  We arrived early and went into the park to take a stroll around (first time here for two of my friends).  We spun the prize wheel but didn't get anything good (I wanted a hat or a mug but all I got were two free tickets...I guess that's a good prize if you live nearby...sad face).  Of all the sports venues I have seen, there is no beating the city view from PNC.  The river, the bridges, the buildings...all very striking.  As a bonus, the effect of the setting sun coming in just under a dark band of clouds and hitting the buildings on the south side of the river is breathtakingly gorgeous--as if the whole stretch of skyline had been doused in soft gold paint.The concessions here are excellent.  The selection isn't quite first-rate, but all the food is really good.  In stalking the concourse, I noticed that Federal Street Grille had long lines and North Shore Refreshments had short lines.  I started with a footlong hotdog from Federal St and onion rings from Quaker Steak and Lube.  Also I had a Penn Pilsner from a joint all the way down at the end, but that was entirely forgettable.  The hot dog was slick with grease but good (B); the onion rings were VERY good (A-)--big slices of whole onion and a crunchy batter.  It's a shame that there is only one place for regular Iron City--Primanti Bros.  You can get IC Light at several vendors.  I had to have an Irn at the ballpark, so on my second trip I paired that with a barbecue pulled pork sandwich (B-) from Manny's BBQ.  The meat and bun were quality but the sauce could have used some more flavor.  The line at The Sweet Spot was really long, but I had to finish up with ice cream.  Instead of soft serve, I got hand-dipped "Pirate's Hidden Treasure" which is like moose tracks.  Good stuff (B+), and the lady piled that cone HIGH with three big scoops.They also do well with between-inning entertainment.  Purists who scoff can feel free to ignore it.  I like having something to watch:  trivia questions, recaps of yesterday's MLB action, contests for some lucky patron, a hot-dog gun AND a t-shirt catapult...etc.  Oh, and a pierogi race!  Um, what else?  Let me just make a list of great stuff about this park.+ Maps of the concessions, like you would see in a mall for the stores.  What a simple yet brilliant idea!  Why doesn't every park do this?!?+ A neat pitching scoreboard which shows you statistics for each pitch:  mph at release, mph at the plate, vertical movement, and horizontal movement+ A photo booth+ During two brief rain delays, I was impressed at how fast they deployed and removed the tarp.+ Also, they played REO Speedwagon during the second delay!+ The game-opening pirate scoreboard show.  I actually liked the old simple one better, but this one is humorously over-the-top.+ The ridiculous Matt Capps scoreboard introduction.  "The Mad Capper" has his own interminable intro music and video show--"He's a big bull rider...he's not going down" etc etc, with rodeo stock footage.  I can't possibly do it justice.  It's absurd enough, but then  they throw up his stats, and the guy is 1-5 with a 6.00 ERA, and THEN he proceeds to give up a single and a double to the first two batters.  In the end, he got the save, but we had fun heckling him.
5	I've only been to a couple - AT&T and Dodger Stadium so I don't have a lot to compare it to but this is an awesome baseball park.  I paid $9 to sit in the bleacher seats.  Though it was in the outfield and the jumbo tron was behind us, it was still an awesome view of the game.  My friend and I gorged ourselves on $1 hotdogs, super nachos, soda, peanuts, and soft serve ice cream.  That was one great night!
5	really nice stadium.  it's relatively new being built back in 2001.  they even have a primanti bros up in here.  parking is fairly easy and i do recommend taking the 7th street bridge because 6th is closed for game time.  it's a good togetherness feeling in the stadium and fireworks go off when the pirates hit a homer.  i really enjoy this ballpark.
3	Sure, it's a nice field.But better than Three Rivers?Give NASA tax bucks.
5	I could lament (like most reviewers) how the Pirates do not do this stadium justice.  I tend to disagree, they do great respect to the stadium and PNC Park in and of itself is a celebration of culture and baseball.I have sat in roughly 6 completely different sections.  All have had their perks and a great view of the action.  The view of downtown Pittsburgh and the Roberto Clemente bridge is simply spectacular.Tickets are reasonable and expect to find promotions on ticket prices, especially through your employer or throughout Pittsburgh.  Food prices are normal for a park, $3 for a dog, $8 for a burger and fries, $6.50 for nachos (biggest rip-off in the place), $7 for a 16 oz beer or $6.50 for a 12 oz craft beer (Dogfish Head 60 Minute, Bell's Oberon, etc).The place is clean and very accessible.  Still fills up for fireworks nights.  I highly recommend the throw-back game they have once a year.  Not only do players wear throw-back uniforms, but all the extra-sensories of a ball game are taken away and you are left to watch the game with only the outfield scoreboard lit up.  There isn't even an annoucer!
5	Hands down the best ballpark I've ever been to. The view of the city off of right-center field distracts from the sometimes abysmal quality of play on the diamond, while the seating is cheap and spacious. Other ballparks come close to matching the wonders of this place (most notably Citizens Bank across the state in Philly), but the coziness and ingenuity that was put into everything about this park boggles the mind.I could go on and on, but I'll just give one example. This was the first two-decked MLB park built since Milwaukee's County Stadium almost a half-century before. By tucking the luxury boxes underneath the grandstand, HOK Sport managed to bring regular fans closer to the game without spoiling the view of the super-rich who REALLY put up the big bucks to watch the Pirates fail. God bless 'em, every one.SEATING: Not a bad seat in the house. I've sat in about a dozen sections and though I prefer some over others (seats close to the field on the left side point toward center instead of the infield), there isn't one that I wouldn't be happy with, even in the nosebleeds.FOOD/BEER SELECTION: The beer is standard (with a few local microbrews represented hither and thither) but decently priced. The food? Some of the best in the biz. Primanti's, Potato Patch, BBQ, fried chicken, fish, chicken wings... I would go on, but my stomach is rumbling.GETTING THERE: Easy. Drive and park on the North Side, park downtown and walk across the Clemente Bridge, or take a ferry from the Strip or South Side. A lot of options here.Sure, the Pirates suck, but at least you aren't paying a lot for it. Field box tickets in the infield go for $27 plus tax. Considering that the Yankees charge five times that amount, consider yourself lucky that the Buccos are horrible.
4	PNC Park is a picturesque dollhouse of a ballpark. Great venue to unwind after work in or a business trip to Pittsburgh. Sit on the third baseline for a surrealistically close vista of cityscape.
5	This is the 3rd best park in MLB.  And it's a steep drop after that.  The location is terrific.  And they realized that some people probably didn't enjoy being caged in at Three Rivers.  You can walk up on game day and get box seats behind the plate for $27.  There's really no excuse not to do that.  You can sit in the outfield for that price at chintzy Nationals Park.  You can sit on 149th Street and Grand Concourse for that price at ridiculous and stupid New Yankee Stadium.They also have Iron City in metal bottles.  The park looks perfect, especially from the inside.  Well-chosen dirt and grass tones.  Perfect orientation to face the bridges.  The people near us seemed to know a lot about the Pirates.  Which, I suppose, is the mark of the person who comes out to watch a 67 win team on the last weekend of the year.We saw Freddy Sanchez win the batting title.  I think he went 0-9 or 1-10 in the two games we saw.  But that's OK.  He'd already won the thing.
5	This park is awesome!!! Great seats, great views, good food. The atmosphere is wonderful. The fans were great. I cannot say enough good things about it. The Pirates won the night we were there!Take yourself out to a ballgame at this park if you are visiting Pittsburgh during the baseball season you will not be disappointed.
5	The best ballpark in America.The only downside is the home team.If you only get to go once, I recommend springing for seats on the third base side of the infield for the best view of the city.  Be sure to visit the food vendors behind the first base side where all the local favorites are stationed.
5	Such a cool spot .. right next to the PITT .. aka the Steeler's Lair .. Went to a day game here and had fun .. the newer stadium feel is different than what I am normally into however it was a nice change form the norm.The jumbotron type thing is huge and very nice .. The stadium itself is large .. nice seating .. and set up so there is no bad seat int he house .. I sat field level against the Diamondbacks .. YUCK .. haha ..One big tip .. EAT THE PIEROGIES ... yum yum yum and yum .. They have cheese filled pierogies and potato filled ones too .. they are like raviolis but better .. also the beer selection is great here .. My boyfriend tried the Yuenglings? I do not know how to spell it or pronounce it but he said it was really good and they do not have that here in CA so ...The stadium is close to downtown and in a good spot for views and photo opps ..two thumbs up for baseball stadiums
4	Many years ago my son & i had season tickets to the Pirates when they played at 3 Rivers. This was the team of Bobby Bo, skinny Barry Bonds, Andy Van Slyke, Jay Bell, Mike L & a very young Knuckelballer called Tim Wakefield......etc  & managed by Chain Smoking Jim Leyland ................ 3 Straight division champs, 2 NLCS agains the Braves. I think it was the last time the Buccos Made the playoffs.Truth be told though i'd rather watch a bad team at PNC that that team at 3 rivers, as bad as 3 rivers was ( it was awful for Baseball) PNC is a gem, for the the 2nd best New old style ballpark after Pacbell in San Francisco.A great view of the "burgh" Good food (how many ballparks have Pierogies??) Of course they d still serve the Sex in a canoe quality iron city, but nowheres perfect & that alone is no reason not 5 star PNC.cant wait till the Red sox play & the automatic 3 games sweep.Tim Wakefield pitching on sunday baseball against the Pirates..... i'm drooling.........................
3	I'm sorry but i'm so disappointed, with my visit to PNC Park, it's not as cool or as nice as I thought it was going to be. You can see yellow bridges and some buildings from the ball park, oooooh. Not that big of a deal, the stadium is just kind of blah there's nothing really to it, I don't know how people can say this is in the top three ball parks in the big leagues!  I'm not sure this ball park would be in my top 5.It was about 50 50 cubs to pirates fans. Well maybe more cubs fans, pretty sad when the visiting team has more fans at your ballpark. The Pirates fans that are here dont even seem to be watching or even have a care about whats going on. Until the Pirates took the lead. There are some really cool statues in and outside of the ball park. I can't really say any more positive things about the park beside the area is pretty cool.The people in Pittsburgh WOW, you are all amazing, you guys are the nicest people! Sorry I couldn't say you had one of the best ball parks.
5	PNC is definitely a top 5 maybe 6 ballpark in the majors.  Thats ranking location, comfort, food, views, etc.  Obviously they don't have a team on the field, so the creature comforts help to enjoy the experience a lot.  As a Sox fan, I have no good things to say about that old dump at Clark and Addison, but also don't rank US Cellular in the top 10 either.  I recommend getting the "all you can eat" tickets at PNC, the seats are in the outfield, but for $35 it's a really good deal.  There's a good variety of eats and drinks inside, and some great statues and displays around the park to check out.  Walking around the park before the game I saw no signs of a bad seat in the house, and cannot wait for my next trip to Pittsburgh.
5	Now this is the 2nd best of the 19 active parks I've visited.  Nothing has changed here (the team's as bad as ever).  But the fan experience at Fenway has deteriorated to the point where I can't put it ahead of PNC or Busch in good faith.
5	Girls, I have something to tell you.  I absolutely love taking my dad out for Father's Day--just the two of us.  Every year, I'll take him to either the Pirates or the Washington Wild Things game.  It gives us a chance to really spend some time together.  We get a chance to talk without spouses, siblings, relatives, etc, present.  We both enjoy a ballgame together.  You should take your dad out too sometime.  Do something you both enjoy and spend some quality father-daughter bonding.  I've already said a lot about how great PNC Park is.  The ticket prices are some of the lowest in the major league.  I think the ticket prices top out at around $45.00 per seat.  This is both great and bad for fans.  Great because a Pirates game is relatively inexpensive viz-a-viz other MLB teams.  Bad because the Pirates haven't exactly been a winning team and can't command premium prices.  I paid $14.00 each for two bleacher reserved seats.  Dad likes sitting out there.  He says it gives him a view from the perspective of the players.  Personally, I prefer sitting in the Left or Right Field Boxes with their spectacular view of Downtown.  But hey!  It was his evening out.We saw the Bucs beat the Cleveland Indians 4-3.  The Bucs took two out of three from the Tribe.  Eddie Vedder once sang about the Chicago Cubs, "Someday We'll Go All the Way".  Hey, if he sang about the Pirates it'd be "Someday We'll Make .500!"
4	This is a really beautiful park. The cityscape backdrop with the bridge and river is very picturesque when watching a game.The tour we took was middling, not the worst but not the best either, but I think this has more to do with with who your tour guide is and their depth of baseball knowledge of the home team. With friends like mine, who are fanatics on baseball history, this is a prerequisite. The statues that stand outside the park of Clemente and Stargell provide great picture opportunities for fans of all ages.There are some great deals to be had to watch games like the $35 ticket section that allows all you can eat and drink.Pirate fans seem loyal but disheartened, understandably. As a Boston Red Sox fan for many years your time will come.
5	Beautiful ballpark! Coming from Philadelphia for the weekend to watch the Phillies play I had only heard good things about PNC Park. Let me tell you it lived up to it's expectations. It made me disappointed that Philadelphia couldn't get their crap together to build a ballpark downtown. The views are great, not a bad seat in the place. I highly recommend taking one of their tours of the stadium, we had a great guide and got to spend time on the field, dugouts, press box and many other places. The only tip I can give is pay attention to the entrance location on your ticket, it can be a bit confusing to walk around the concourse.
4	This is a GREAT baseball park with a nice view.  I attended with 597 other people in a large group and we had the Southwest Deck to ourselves.  Great food and beer ran for 2-1/2 hours.  And the Pirates played the Phillies, and it was a great game.  The Pirates won!
5	As Ballparks go... you just can't ask for a nicer one than this!(Okay.... you can ask that a more successful team reside there)  ;)PROS:   Its very aesthetically pleasing!Great viewsgreat atmospheremany food options right inside(including a Quaker Steak and a Primanti's)lots of places to park within a reasonable walking distance from the parkloads of staff availablemany bathrooms availableelevators for public use (if you want/need them)Especially beautiful @ night!VERY good about handicapped individuals' accommodations!CONS:Everything is overpriced (ie.  Beers = $7.50)Even though the Buccos consistently lose (Bummer), its still a great park to go to with friends or your Sig-Other.Its just so pretty @ night.If you have access to a boat, take the boat to the game; that's a nice evening, as well.Its especially cool on a Fireworks Night (but... considering that we're talking about Pittsburgh, I do realize that fireworks aren't that much of a novelty in the summertime).TIP/PARKING:  Park across from FSN/Calico Jack's/Jerome Bettis' bar (for $10) or across the Clemente bridge (which they close during games and use for foot traffic only) there's a garage caddy-corner to the Renaissance Hotel that is reasonable.
4	My first MLB game was here, and I was not disappointed at all. I have to admit, I didn't follow too much of the game due to the crappy weather when I went, but I do remember the park itself in detail.The seats were very comfortable, and I liked that they were clean as well. From where I was sitting, I had a great view of the waterfront and bridges, which was quite enjoyable to look at (even with rain and severe wind added).On a side note, I was thrilled to see that there were Primanti sandwiches there. Not being from the area, I'd only heard about them on TV, so it was great to be able to get one and experience it for myself.All in all, I had a great time! The weather kind of put a downer on my entire experience, but I'm sure if I ever go back and the sun is shining, I'll still have be having fun there!
5	As others have stated, the actual ballpark is the best. An architectural gem. The views are great, plentiful parking nearby, relatively cheap tickets, plentiful food and drink choices.     Now the downside; the team that actually plays in it, sucks. Yep I'm a disgruntled Pirate fan. (Thanks, ownership and management) But I"m not here to rant.       A good parking tip is to park in Downtown near the Clemente Bridge and walk across to the ballpark. It's closed to vehicles on gamedays.
5	This is one of the best stadium I have been to, and I have been to a LOT of them.... check out my Baseball Stadium Tour list.Too bad the Pirates haven't been too competitive of late, but this ballpark has it going on:*  The downtown atmosphere before and after the game with bars and restaurants right near the park is excellent.  Try one of the Primanti brothers famous sandwiches with fries.... yum*  The view ...... of bridges and city scene are memorable*  The mascot ..... this stadium incorporates the theme of the team... the Pirate is prevalent throughout the stadium including the Pirate guy running around the stands.*  The technology.... the out of town scoreboard in right field is better than any I have seen.... not only the scores, but it shows runners on base and number of outs... a la ESPN.... very cool*  The seats.... good views no matter where you sit or stand.... and there are no really bad vantages points.  *   Walking around .... I like a stadium that allows you to tour the ballpark and walk around the entire bottom level.*  Foul Balls - get there early.... and you might get a foul ball during batting practice.... I did.I really like this stadium......only negative is the team has not been competitive since the Willy Stargel days.
5	Was at the stadium in 2002 the year after it opened and fell in love with the place instantly.  Was one of the new, new stadiums at the time.  My favorite thing is the view of the Roberto Clemente Bridge from inside the stadium.  Prior to the game, we walked across the bridge with the other fans, what a great tradition.  Pirates fans are pretty docile when compared to others that I've been around, but they love their team.
5	PNC Park is one of my favorite places in Pittsburgh. Even if you're not a baseball fan (or are disheartened by the Bucs), it's a great place to spend a summer night. It's a super cheap way to be entertained anytime during the summer, especially if you're tired of the relentless bar scene.I had the pleasure of seeing Dave Matthews Band in concert here, and from my third-level seats I might not have been able to see Dave's face, but I had the most beautiful, sweeping view of the downtown skyline and river as the sun set over it. The park is beautifully designed, with exposed steel beams that fit so well with the heart of Pittsburgh. It's nice to walk around and stretch during games-- the rotunda is a great place to watch, and it's always a beautiful view at night to walk along the river when the game hits a slow point. The food is pretty good for a ballpark. Much to my surprise, they serve veggie burgers, which is a nice option for vegetarians wanting to partake in traditional baseball park food. Fireworks nights are always impressive, and I enjoyed the show at PNC Park more than the Point fireworks this year, which I watched from Mt. Washington. It's an iconic steel city destination, and you can't call yourself a proper Yinzer until you've been!
5	This park is awesomely situated along the Allegheny. I think it's the nicest park I've been too, and this year I've been to Wrigley and the Jake. Although it probably needs to be used a bit more to develop personality. A good team would help too. Glad to see they were offering local beers, as I'm an out of towner and would have been disappointed with just Bud and Coors. If you are in the Burgh during the season you must come see a game.
5	Beautiful, beautiful park. I went to a game here having heard about how great this stadium is, but not really knowing what to expect. I have to say that I was pretty blown away by it. PNC park has this wonderful openness about it (in the physical sense) that helps you feel both the grandeur and the intimacy of the park at the same time.The other thing I was impressed by was the amount of detailed information there was on the game. Not only do you see the speed of the pitches, but also the direction and break of the ball. Amazing! I have definitely never seen that at any other park before.  I went to the game even though I am not a Bucs fan, so I was also thankful for the detail on the games that were happening around the league.
5	Great park!   As a Phillies fan, I went while in town since I heard about the great ballpark.  I hope the Pirates win back their fans, since the game against Atlanta seemed to have almost was many Braves fans.  The scoreboard was well done, I enjoyed the perogie race.   We stayed with the die hards through a rain delay and had a great time.
5	AMAZING view of the city skyline from PNC Park... AND you can usually get tickets for really cheap (the bf and I got tickets for $10 each)! Super relaxing and chill - definitely recommend checking this place out if you're in the Pitts.
5	Best ballpark in the USA... see you next season
5	So I've been to this park twice and I love it!I'm from NY and a Mets fan, yet never have been able to see a Mets/Pirates game.  I dropped by last week to see the Pirates take care of the D-Backs though.Pittsburgh, you guys know how to have a baseball stadium.  You don't make me feel like crap walking in.  Your walking areas are spacious, the food vendors are plentiful, the beer is there in copious amounts.  I love the fan stores too.I sat 11th row behind 1st base for $26 (face value).  Thats easily a $200 ticket in NYC.  This is the kind of place I'd be at everyday.  I could easily be swayed to the Bucs if I lived in the area.  Season tickets could be a must here.Big kudos on having a Primanti's and Quaker Steak & Lube next to eachother.  Also love the fireworks after you guys pop out a homerun.
5	if it werent for the park, watching the buccos losing over 100 games a season would be a hard pill to swallow.  a winning team and a bnice park would be too much to ask
4	This is a fantastic ballpark!Great views (especially at night games), excellent views of the field from most anywhere in the park, dirt cheap tickets, tons of tasty dining options, friendly staff everywhere, and the location right downtown is so accessible.
5	Beautiful ballpark. Great place to watch a game. I give mad respect to the Piirate fans. They are always in the game. I went to out there, when my favorite team,  the Mets came out there. The Mets whipped up on the Pirates. There is a nice stripclub, across the bridge on 9th street, called Blush. It's walking distance. I went there after the game. Man, I just had a great time there. Im going back there, for sure.
5	THE best park in America. I've been to 24 parks and this is my favorite. The yellow of the stadium and nearby bridges really give it a Pirates/Penns/Steelers feel. We took a ferry from across the river to the stadium and it was gorgeous. The front of the stadium has a nice bar neighborhood that every good stadium should have. We sat in the outfield and the view was pretty good by outfield standards. The food was cheap and everything we got was good. The chili fries were as tall and wide as my head. I can't imagine what this park will be like when, or if, the team starts winning. The crowd was into the game despite being 30 games under .500.
5	My husband is a lifetime Pirates fan, but had never been to Pittsburgh until this year. The wait was worth it....PNC Park is amazing! Great views of the city and a well thought out design. The food was excellent (we even tried a Pierogi). We stayed right downtown and the park was easily accessible. Will definitely be returning. Just hoping that next time we will see a Pirates win! I have seen fourteen baseball stadiums and this one comes in a close second just behind AT&T in San Francisco.
4	I really want to give this place a 5, but it's just kinda on the small side, it almost feels like your at a minor league game when your in here, it's got a cool vibe though, definitely a great ball park, and worth checking out if your the area!
4	Wow, some pretty good reviews for a stadium with such a horrible baseball team (that's not really debatable, folks...)But I will say, the best part of this stadium is sitting behind home plate.  You get the most beautiful view of the city.  Another thing I've noticed after being in this city so many times is that Pittsburgh loves fireworks.  Quite often they will have fireworks after a game.  More so than other stadiums I've seen.They do have a Primanti Brothers here which I personally would recommend going to the original one in the Strip District... but if you can't make your way over there, it's the type of thing that's worth having at least once in your life.This ballpark also offers tours (which are led by my cousin!) It's a good way to keep baseball alive in the off season! =)
5	You can say whatever you want about the team that calls this stadium home, but PNC is the best ballpark in America! There are always promotions and giveaways, great entertainment in between innings, great variety of places to eat and drink, and it only costs 5 dollars to get through the gates. Throw in the occassional fireworks night or concert and you have a the perfect place to go to for a date or out with the family.
3	The Best ball park I've ever been to in America. Fantastic view of the city, great firework shows, well planned and thought out park. Large clean restrooms, easy ingress and egress what more could you want.Oh year that's right some good food. The only thing sorely lacking in this place is good food. Come on Pittsburgh, hot dogs, hamburgers, Primanti's and fried food galore is a rather pathetic offering. I mean even the condiment bars for the hot dog's and Hamburgers were sorely lacking. Hello Pittsburgh let's have a reality check here, even the St. Louis Rams have stir-fry, taco bars and higher end offerings and better condiments than you do. Your food service is stuck back in the 1970's while the design of the park is 2010. Start serving some decent eats and I would happily change this to 5 stars.
5	Any event at PNC Park is a great one! Saturday morning my friend and I ran the PIrates Charities 5K and it was such a great event. This was the first year they did a 5K and they had over 2,500 runners - a definite success! The course started on Federal Street and looped around the North Shore, ending with a run around the inside of the field, and crossing home plate as the finish line. Aside from this event, going to a game, sky blast, or concert here is amazing. The view of the skyline is just beautiful. My friends and I come here all the time during Pirates season for a game. It's definitely one of my favorite thing to do during the summer. I'm not surprised it's ranked the #1 Ballpark in America!
4	One of the most beautiful stadiums I've ever been to. It's great just to walk across Roberto Clemente bridge and stroll in for a game. Good vendors, great sight lines, an incredible view of the river and city from the third-base side, and fairly reasonable prices.And as much as the Pirates have been awful for years, they've won both games I've been to at PNC, and both of them were blowouts (creaming the Marlins and the Cubs).Taking my son to his first baseball game at PNC was one of the true highlights of my life--no sarcasm, no exaggeration--especially because the first baseball game of my life was at Three Rivers with my mom and dad.
4	Great park! What an experience my first baseball game!!! Food is costly: 2 bud lights & a pretzel $19.00. But, it's worth the experience!
5	5 stars for a baseball park? You betcha! The designers of PNC park did this one right, from the sandstone exterior, the deep blue trim, seats and lighting, this ballpark is tops in the major leagues. I'm not going to rag on the Pirates either, the 2011 team at least is in just about every game, and let's face it, they have the start of a pretty good team.At every entrance there are reminders of this teams rich history, Honus Wagner at the main entrance, Billy Maz at the top of the stairs from the North Shore walk, Clemente and Capt Willy over near centerfield at the end of the Clemente Bridge. Inside the park there are reminders in statue form of Pittsburgh's great Negro League past. Do not miss this great link to the Homestead Greys and Pittsburgh Crawfords.The view of Pittsburgh's skyline from inside the park has to be seen to believe, The Clemente Bridge looks as if it is part of the park, The Allegheny River flowing by, and The Gateway Clipper boats blowing their whistles as they sail by all makes for a fun time. You can get seats for ten dollars and spend three or four hours on a warm summer night enjoying company of friends and watching a good, talented young team.The food is great, local flavors like Primanti Bros, Quacker Steak wings, Vincent's Pizza, Benkovitz's fish sandwich, and Willy Stargell's Chicken on the Hill. Personally, I get a huge bag of Carmel Corn and Cheese corn mixed in the same container and munch it all night long. Who would have thought cheese and caramel corn together would be good, but it's amazing.If you have time before the game, take in a meal at Atria's at the end of the Clemente Bridge and try their pot roast nachos or lobster bisque. But with all theat great ballpark food, I'll save Atria's for a night out when the Bucs are traveling.They have All You Can Eat seats too, with endless burgers, dogs, popcorn, salads, ice cream and more. The food's nothing special, save the money and try everything else. Just sayin'Overall, no wonder when they built new Yankee Stadium, Citi Field, and a few of the newer parks that they came to PNC Park and took notes on what a great ballpark is supposed to be like. It is the greatest ballpark in America.
5	Don't pay full price for tickets, Stub Hub has great deals for almost every game.  We sat 10 rows behind 1st base for about $10.  That's minor league prices, as far as the Pirates, well we can't have everything!  Enjoy the atmosphere, it's the smallest park in the majors!
5	Best new ballpark in MLB!!!  Took a tour on Monday, June 6th at 2PM.  Our tour guide was very informative, helpful, and nice.  Couldn't have asked for a better experience.  The team might not be great, but this ballpark is a MUST-SEE!!!!!
5	A beautiful and phenomenal baseball park. Even *getting* to the park is an awesome experience, as there are boats you can take to the game, or walk across the Clemente bridge, which is closed to traffic on game days. The park is beautifully appointed, with larger than life sculptures of famous Pirates (my favorite was Roberto Clemente), plenty of restaurants for a more refined dining experience, and gorgeous stonework along the exterior. The park is very handicapped accessible, with elevators and escalators, as well as stairs. The food is great (and not overpriced...I mean, it's right in line with other MLB/NHL/major league parks that I've visited) and there are plenty of stands. If you want the special food, you need to be on the first level, because that's where you can get Primanti's, pierogies, etc. We were on the top level so our options were more normal ballpark, but still good. Hot dog topping bar--major plus--where you can add ketchup, mustard, chopped onion, and relish. Another big plus for me was the availability of souvenir kiosks. I love this kind of stuff, and so many stadiums only have one big one and then a few lesser ones. But even the "lesser" ones give you a great variety. The park itself is beautiful. Sit along the left field line for the best views of the city (which are spectacular). The scoreboard has captioning for the mid-inning games/announcements, which I really appreciated. And the racing pierogies are a lot of fun, as is "Take Me Out" with the bouncing Smiley Face cookie on the giant scoreboard. Overall, it's a great place to relax and watch baseball--even if the Pirates lose, as they did yesterday. (But apparently they're winning during tonight's game. Oh well.)
5	I'm born and raised in NY. I'm a Yankees fan. I used to live 2 blocks from Fenway Park. I used to live 2 blocks from Wrigley Field. PNC Park is currently my favorite MLB ballpark. The location is incredible. Right on the river. Catching the crowds on the 6th Street Bridge before and after the game is a sight to see. Before coming here, my favorite seats were located behind home plate at the new Busch Stadium in St. Louis. I had grabbed these cheap seats in the top section behind home plate and the view is just astounding: the whole ballpark, the 6th Street Bridge, the water, and the Pittsburgh skyline. I had a great time. Great fans. Great food (Primanti Bros). The quest for the best view in a MLB ballpark ends here. (I must add a personal favorite moment: I was sitting in front of some season ticket-holders who kept calling out random numbers. I finally caught on and started laughing hysterically. They were keeping score: how many runs the Pirates scored to how many boats were passing under the 6th Street Bridge. I asked them who often won. The reply: "Not the Pirates, that's for sure.")
4	Beautiful park! Let's get this straight. I'm a Phillies fan, and I think Citizens Bank Park beats this park in terms of all there is to do in the park. And I'm trying my best not to be biased just because I live near Philly. The scenery and cleanliless of the park gets this place 4 stars from me. We came on a fireworks night, and the fireworks were spectacular! Tailgaiting scene is ridiculous!!! Had so much fun playing beer pong and BBQ'ing before the game.
5	Deservedly, every superlative adjective known to man (and woman!) has already been used to praise Pittsburgh's PNC Park.  What could I possibly add?!  If you've been there you know the wonders that abound within and without the walls of the ballpark and if you've never been lucky enough to visit, get your butt there immediately!  The Pirates are playing competitive ball this year so THIS is the year for your virgin visit.Once you've visited and words fail you in expressing the wonderment and amazement of one of the best and most beautiful ballyards in the country, here is a Do-It-Yourself list...just fill in the blanks:The ____________ (choose 1 noun from Column A) at PNC Park in Pittsburgh is _______________ (choose 1 adjective from Column B).  Mix and match at will.            A                                                          B        View                                                 Amazing          Ball Team                                       Spectacular        Fireworks Nights                           Hilarious        Give-Aways                                     Breathtaking         Bobbleheads                                 First Rate        River                                                Awe-Inspiring        Scoreboard                                    Impressive        Sound System                               Awesome        Concerts                                         Friendly        Wings                                              Succulent        Ribs                                                 Spicy!        Primanti's Sandwiches               Overloaded        Souveniers                                     Top Notch        Pierogie Races                             Hard Hitting        Beer                                                 Enthusiastic        Crowd                                             Gorgeous        Parking                                           Fun         Staff                                                 Exciting        Skyline                                            BeautifulPittsburgh proud of PNC Park!
5	Because they are playing the game!  That is why u go!  Have to have one of the old time favorites when at the game...hot dog, peanuts or cracker jacks.  Prefer the peanuts...Oh so good...so much fun to throw the shells at your feet!  Tasty!!  Yum!!A great ballpark, one of the best to watch a game.  Have been to many, including Fenway, and this place is great.  Great view, fun atmosphere, so many food options, close to town and lots of parking nearby, fun vendors!!!!!!!!, fun for family.  Also, pretty cool to look at from town or Mt. Washington at night when empty...the blue lights are soooo coooool! The team is playing better too.  If you like to be entertained between innings, there is something every inning...got a free dog from the dog shoot.  WooHoo!  lol!
5	Seriously great ball park.We had great seats 3 rows back halfway between home & 1st, but i dont think there is a bad seat in this park. Amazing view over the river & the downtown area of Pittsburgh.......... & of course the Red Sox won!!
5	Yeah I know the Pittsburgh Pirates play here....but this is simply the AT&T park of the East. Now for those of you who have been to AT&T park in San Francisco then you know exactly what I am talking about....if you have not been there then let me explain. AT&T park and PNC park are in my opinion 2 of the top 5 MLB parks in all of baseball. So let's take a close look at PNC Park:Let's see the Roberto Clemente Bridge....which is closed on game days so you can walk right across to the stadium.....this is totally awesome experience.Sits right on 3 rivers....with the kayaks and boats waiting out there for home run balls.Not a single bad seat in the house.Great hitters park.Great food.Great views from all over the Ballpark.Great Vendors.Fun, Friendly, atmosphere.Tailgating scene is off the chain.Even Parking.....and buying my tickets was a breeze. Now if any of you again have been to AT&T park you can clearly see the similarities here....the only thing missing is the Golden Gate Bridge....great public Transportation....the day care facility and the gorgeous sunsets. Don't get me wrong by NO means does this mean PNC does not hold it's own....remember what I said earlier top 5 ballpark....not the best. Still worthy of my 5 star rating and I don't give many of those. So if you have not been to this East Coast wonder....come by train, plain, or automobile....walk or run if you have to...but get to PNC park....you won't be disappointed. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
5	PNC Park is a jewel.  What an incredible place to see a baseball game!  I've been to half a dozen big league parks and PNC beats them all. It is certainly at the top of the heap among MLB ball parks.For maximum atmosphere, sit along the third base line to get a good view of the downtown Pittsburgh skyline out past right field.  PPG Place is almost straight down the first base line, so sit around third base.  I went to a night game here, and watching the city lights come on was a real treat.  From the airport, go east on I-376 (formerly I-279) the Penn-Lincoln Parkway.  This road winds through hills until you get to the Fort Pitt Tunnel.  Coming out of the tunnel, you emerge suddenly into the wide, open spaces at the confluence of the "three rivers" and the Fort Pitt Bridge over the Monongahela River.  PNC and Heinz Field are visible to your left with downtown straight ahead and to your right. This sudden and dramatic change of scenery is a neat experience.I parked at one of the cash lots along General Robinson Street a couple blocks to the east.  No hassle or big traffic problems getting in or out. A neater experience would have been to park downtown and walk across the Clemente Bridge on 6th Street, which closes for pedestrians on game nights.I wish the Pirates had a better, more competitive team to go with this gorgeous venue.  This park deserves a World Series or two.
5	Let me hop on the bus, here.While it can't ever compete in my heart with Wrigley Field, PNC Park is a lovely place.  The setting of the field with the river and the city as a backdrop is beautiful.  We saw three games in a row, over three days, sitting in three different sections (128, 303, 221) and I can say without hesitation that I don't think there's a bad seat in the house.Add to that Primanti Bros. sandwiches, boiled (yes, BOILED) perogies, and Yuengling on tap, and it's damn near a perfect place to watch a ball game.But it will never be Wrigley Field.  Never.
4	What else is there to say that hasn't already been said? PNC Park is absolutely gorgeous and I'm so happy the Pirates are actually doing well right now. I'm a Cubs fan, but if not us, I sure as hell hope it's them to top the NL Central.My only qualm with this place is the lack of food selection in the 300 level concourse. It's pretty much the same thing stand after stand up there.
5	Technically I live in Long Beach California, but I grew up rooting for "The Buck'os" and they have always been my team. Having said that, my girlfriend and I visited the park over the 4th of July, and truly enjoyed ourselves!The new park has an absolutely amazing view of the skyline, and the seats are actually angled towards home plate, which is very uncommon, even for the parks out here in Cali!TIP: The cheapest beer in the ball park, by volume, calculated by my brother and me, can be found at the Gyro serving stand above third plate. I can not remember the name of the stand itself, but its the only stand that sells Gyros, so you can't miss it... If you do, ask the guys in yellow.ANOTHER TIP: Buying beer in larger volumes is actually MORE EXPENSIVE then buying it smaller, i.e. price per ounce is cheaper to get a medium than a large, it's what we like to call a "convenience fee".ENJOY THE GAME(S)!!!!
5	My PNC Park Tip:14 guys + 2 kegs of beer = Not a good idea to sit in the Family Section.The kid with braces really got a kick out of us though.
5	Hands down the best ball park in all of Major League Baseball. The only other stadium that comes close is AT&T Park in San Francisco. Both stadiums are similar in size, dimensions, and style, but it is PNC Park's wonderful view the the Pittsburgh skyline which makes it stand above the west coast contender. Ask for tickets on the third base line, here you get the best view of the city. But no matter where you sit you will have a great experience. There is not a bad seat in the entire place. And the ticket prices are wonderfully low. Box seats on the baseline are only $24 and the cheapest tickets are only $9. Since the Pirates have been winning a lot this year it has been tougher to score tickets for weekend games so make sure you order your tickets online a week or so before you plan on attending a game.In my opinion there is no better place to be on a warm summer night in Pittsburgh.
4	Really enjoyed seeing the Cubs play here, great park with really friendly fans.  If I can't see my favorite team at Wrigley, this is one of my two number two choices.Clean, decent food and great sight lines.  Like the location right next to the river and we hit fireworks night which sold the place out.  The neighborhood around it is a bit sterile, no real feel to it but it's young.  Had a great visit here on our ongoing tour of MLB parks.  This one merits a return visit.
5	Went to all you can eat seats again. $40 gets you an outfield ticket and food. Go during day games. Less crowded and the food can digest. The park is awesome and cheap except behind home plate. Parking is getting harder to find because they are doing well for the first time in almost 20 years.
5	Never thought I'd be singing the praises of an MLB sports park...but here I sit, still basking in the glow of my first visit to both Pittsburgh and PNC Park. I purchased my tickets online and printed them out on my little Hewlitt-Packard...so easy. We stayed at a hotel near the park and actually got to walk across the Roberto Clemente (ROBERTO CLEMENTE!!) bridge to the park. How cool is that?! We had great seats behind home plate and one section up so we could see all the action. It rained a bit (with a lightening show thrown in for flair) - but who cares? - it was the Pirates and there was Andrew McCutchen almost close enough to touch - (it might have been worth a security breach to try.)The park is stunning. From where we sat you could see the beautiful golden bridge (Pirate gold, of course), against the backdrop of downtown Pittsburgh. The fans were great - the place was rockin' - and the concession food was pretty good.Ticket prices are very reasonable - so everyone in the family can enjoy an evening out together for a change.The second night we were there we got to see the fireworks show from our hotel window - an amazingly beautiful display of artistry. Nice city, nice ball park, what a gem Pittsburgh is...who knew????Hoist the colours, HOIST the COLOURS..........
5	Fun place to see a game. Cheap tickets, great amenities. And how can you beat that city skyline view from your seat?It's no Yankee Stadium, but it's a really great ball park.
5	What a great time.  My wife and I went to a game on our Anniversary and had a wonderful time.  We sat in the Pittsburgh Baseball Club section and were able to cool off in the middle of the game without missing any of it.  The park is very fan friendly and the staff was great.  If you are going to be in area for any length of time, go see a Buc's game.  The Pirates are out of the cellar and are in a battle for first place in the NL Central for the first time in I don't know how long.  I have adopted them as my favorite NL Baseball team.
5	great ballpark... great view of downtown, river, and bridge... all while sitting and enjoying a great game of baseball... the pirates have been doing well this year and was pretty grateful i was there to experience a win...
4	I root for the visiting team, just to give you a base.  PNC Park is a great baseball park.  Not the best, but it is an easy place to see a game.  Parking: With 3 rivers and the terrain, this makes parking an adventure.  It is on par with many other sporting venues = not bad but you reach in your wallet and say "really?".I saw a 3 game series, infield, foul ground, and bleachers were my seats.  Not a bad spot in any of my seats.  The fans are very friendly.  They are just waiting for the fall(not the season).  That makes me sad.  They are good this year... have hope!  The stadium food: about 3 good local brews are served.  Stick with Penn brewery, and you will be all right.  Avoid the nacho combo.  Chicken nachos: nacho chips and add canned chicken.  I was really depressed with this.  My recommendation (wow long word) behind left field get the pulled pork pierogi sandwich with a Yuengling lager.  Side note enjoy the pierogi race!
5	An absolutely beautiful stadium. I'm not a huge sports fan, but I really love this place. You have a great view of the skyline, there's lots of delicious smelling food available and the drinks aren't THAT expensive, compared to the Rogers Centre in Toronto, anyway. I also loved how nice the crowd was. Instead of the usual drunken screaming, everyone either cheered, or maybe booed. Maybe because it was kid's day, there wasn't anyone screaming obscenities, which is usually my baseball-watching experience.
5	I was at PNC Park today and it was amazing.  The park is absolutely beautiful, providing a great view of the city from almost every angle.  There is a variety of food from gyros, pizza, wings, and Mannie's.  Lines are usually not that long and service is great.The Pirates played an excellent game and the crowd was into it.  It was a Tuesday Doggie night which brings out alot of dog lovers and their dogs.  They also have other promotions such as free t-shirt Friday and kids day on Sunday.  They also offer all you can eat seats.  I have never tried them myself but did hear from others that they are worth it if you are a big eater.You can bring in unopened bottles of water and snacks.  This can minimize your cost of food and drinks if you don't want to shell out for overpriced water. If you are looking for a great time in a beautiful ball park PNC Park is the place to be.Let's Go BUCS!!!
5	I have traveled around the country to watch the Cardinals play in 16 different stadiums. And argument can be made that historic places like Fenway or Wrigley might be better overall, but of the "new-age" HOK-built stadiums I have visited, I have seen none batter than PNC. Beer is as expensive as anywhere, but the food is very reasonable with a nice mix of local favorites such as Primanti Bros (sandwiches with cole slaw and fries on the bun) and Quaker Steak (chicken wings). Nightlife around the stadium is just Ok, but there is a fair selection and with Carson Street a short drive away, you can have your cake and eat it too. If you want the best view of the City, tickets on the third base side are the best choice. You might have to fight the sun being in your eyes for a bit, but it is worth it. If you are in Pittsburgh, this one is a must.
5	Unreal experience! I got some great seats for cheap and it was amazing the atmosphere.  I loved the fact that the city closes the bridge and surrounding area so you can walk across the bridge and drink outside the stadium. Very fun and family friendly place!! Highly recommend and as a avid baseball fan, one of the best baseball parks I have attended.
5	An absolute gem of a park.  At this point, I've been to 19 of the 30 MLB stadiums and this is tops for the "new" parks.  It's hard to compare this to, say, Wrigley or Fenway simply because of their legitimate old school authenticity.  PNC Park is one of the few retro stadiums that can actually hold a candle to the aforementioned parks.  The setting across the river from downtown makes for some amazing photos and views if your'e sitting most anywhere but the outfield.  Closing down the bridge on game day to vehicle traffic is such a nice touch too.  We were here on a Fri/Sat evening pair of games against the Padres.  Both were sold out, with the final one finishing off with fireworks and a concert.  Never have I seen so many people stick around for such a terrible game (Pirates lost handily).  All this place does is promote the atmosphere of what's happening on the field (even if that isn't all that great of a product).  Someday, the Pirates will field a winning ballclub -- I KNOW IT!-- and this majestic stadium will be on prime display for the rest of the country to see.  Until then, try and visit as soon as possible.  You won't be disappointed.
5	I must admit prior to going to Pittsburgh, I gave this stadium too little credit.  This past Friday I went to see the Pirates against the reds.  Got the tickets on Stubhub. I was literally sitting five rows behind Pirates dugout Really I cant even breathe in Yankee stadium for $38 dollars. I know its bad I am still a Yankee fan at heart though.  But consider myself more of a baseball fan which just likes to see good games. The walk across Roberto Clemente bridge is so cool.   They close it off, so one can walk to and from the game AAAwesome.  Because it was raining I actually took a cab that dropped me off at the corner of the bridge, so i can walk across it.   $8 dollars not bad once again I am comparing prices to NY prices.  Got to the stadium and got one of those the Primanti brothers sandwich can you say Delish????  Fries on a sandwich yess I would go back just for a sandwich although I might try the actual restaurant now that i know they have one.  It was free t shirt Friday Yess the bf and I got our t shirts plus a backpack and a Pirates lil towel luved it I found the ppl to be so nice offering to take our pictures for us since it was just me and the bf.  Another cool thing they do is if you text anything they will put it up every half inning on the board for free hell yes it was the bf and I anniversary and I got us on the board twice for free.  The guy sitting next to us even gave us a ball that he had caught during the game according to him his son gets 6 or 7 balls each game lucky kid once the game was over we noticed a group of ppl standing around the exit were the players drive off from so I stayed around.  A few minutes later came out McDonald and he sighted my baseball  Yeah baby perfect ending to a perfect game Overall great experience .I might get killed for saying this but the best baseball park I have gone to thus far. Only thing that I see it lacking is entertainment.  Pirates mascot does nothing  It does not have a sense of humor I went to a Phillies game the night before and the Philly phanatic def beats the Pirates mascot If your staying in downtown don't expect a good nightlife rather head over to canton street thats where all the action is at.  Other then that  PnC keep doing your thing!
4	I love going to PNC Park...it is such a nice ballpark!
5	PNC park is one of my favorite ballparks but i have to admit, i didn't like it at first and didn't agree with all the hype. The thing about the stadium that I didn't like was the fact that it was too open and not much concrete walls, but many iron beams were visible, so it reminded me of a AAA stadium. But thinking about it, it is located in a place called steel city. The other thing i didn't like was the skyline at night. Granted, it was a weeknight but in New York there are lights on all the time. I couldn't even make up the shape of the skyline because it was pitch black. This is not the fault of the stadium but of a small city. The skyline is beautiful during the daytime and is very enjoyable to have during an uninterested pirates game I absolutely love the fact that you can walk across the bridge before the game, that adds so much to the experience. I just feel so bad that these seats in this beautiful stadium is not being filled.
5	Came to PNC Park for the Reds-Pirates series on my birthday weekend. It was my first visit to PNC and it definitely lived up to my expectations. Had awesome seats for both games I went (4th row by the dugouts) for only $25 a piece. So not only is PNC an awesome stadium, its a great value.I can't really add anything that hasn't already been said. If you are a baseball fan you owe yourself a visit to PNC Park.
5	Baseball fans, this stadium should be on your must see list. It's an unbelievably awesome baseball park with some first rate baseball fans. I was excited to see this stadium from the top of Mt. Washington the day before and as we approached the stadium the next day I got even more pumped up. Parking was a breeze, I pulled into a private lot one block away and the owner gave me his employee parking space. There is minimal traffic and plenty of parking lots.Although it was a wet and pretty dreary day, I happily sat right near the dug out ($30 tickets!!) in my poncho and admired the Pittsburgh skyline and bridges across the way. The stadium really speaks to the character of the city.In addition to some really cheap tickets, they have some great craft beers on tap at various vendors. I highly recommend visiting them rather than getting an Iron City beer (which possibly worse than Natty Light).Because of the rain, I did wear my protective lucky Red Sox hat,and usually this means a great deal of heckling at other stadiums so I was a little on guard. Apparently, when people here should "Hey Boston" at me, they actually come up and talk about how much they like Fenway and Red Sox fans. Now at Yankees and sometimes Camden stadium, the outcome is a little different. I spent most of the game comisserating with the Pirates fans. Hey, I live in DC we have a sucky team too.For entertainment they and racing pierogies and a screen you can send text messages to (text "BUCCO"). The text messaging board taught me alot about Pittsburgh culture. Apparently in Pittsburgh, women are the one who propose to their men and ask them out to homecoming. So if you're into aggressive women, go to the burgh. I also learned how to use "yinz" in a sentence.As Dana Z stated, they also love them some fireworks in Pittsburgh. After Derek Lee (wooo hoo Cubs and Padres), hit a home run, off went the fireworks, and at the end of the game again some more fireworks.Probably one of the better baseball experiences of my life.
5	Best baseball stadium I have been to. Great views of Pittsburgh. Convenient walking distance from parking, bar/restaurants, sites, public transportation, the rivers, museums, etc. Just wish the Pirates could sell more tickets. I would go there for any event, not just baseball. It glows at night, even when there is not a game. One of the jewels of downtown Pittsburgh.* Keep an eye out for Fireworks nights! A Pittsburgh experience.
5	It's a gorgeous ball park, too bad about the team.  I've been to the public spaces and the private suites, and they are both some of the nicest I have seen.  OK, maybe the wierd cheese glop on the nachos is not the best ever but if you drink enough coronas you will forget that you are eating chemically manufactured food.
5	I recently traveled to Pittsburgh on business and had some time to kill before my flight.  I was able to catch a Pirates-Cardinals game. This is the nicest baseball stadium that I have visited.  Fenway Park has charm but when you get to see what we could have in Boston you start to wonder if we need a new park in Boston. PNC has it all - comfortable seats, great sightlines, good food, clean facilities, and family friendly prices (take Fenway prices and divide by 3).  We don't have any of these qualities in Fenway Park. I was shocked to see how few people attended the game. Pittsburgh fans don't seem to know what a gem they have.  I know the Pirates are not a top tier team but it is still MLB in a great setting and at an unbeatable price.
5	I've been to quite a few MLB stadiums (both old and new) and PNC park is without a doubt my favorite. Maybe it has a little bit to do with the nostalgia of the summer after college that I spent living in Pittsburgh, but truthfully I think this park is really something special. PNC park really provides the whole baseball experience. It begins with the bus ride downtown followed by a walk across the Roberto Clemente Bridge which is reduced to foot traffic on game day. Next comes the ticket prices. Where else in the country can you walk into any professional sporting event for $9!? Even the good seats are affordable. And since the games really only sell out on firework nights, any ticket can become a good seat by the 7th inning. In addition, I hear the Pirates treat their season ticket holders (even partial season) like royalty. Sure, the Pirates aren't always winning, but the games sure are a lot of fun! Peanut (the pirate parrot) leads the crowd in lots of fun activities, and you can't forget about the famous pierogi races! The one thing that really sets PNC apart from all the other stadiums out there is the view. You cannot beat this view. The park is situated just across the river from downtown, and watching the light reflect off the buildings as the sun sets is honestly breath taking. Sadly it's been a couple of years since I've made it to a Bucco game, but I really can't wait for my next visit! Raise that Jolly Roger!!
5	Seriously this place rocks!  While our team did experience sitting atop of the division for stint over Summer 2011, we are back to digging a deeper basement in the annals of Sports History.  Regardless, coming to PNC Park is well worth the heartbreak of watching a loss or even the euphoria of witnessing a win.I might be a little biased (the Pirates are 6-2 on the 8 games I have attended while living in Pittsburgh) but this place has a rocking atmosphere.  The seating is affordable and always provides a good view of the game and STUNNING views of the Pittsburgh skyline.  The food vendors and merchandise vendors tend to be courteous and the park's friendly atmosphere permeates onto the staffs' demeanor.At our most recent game I got to sit front row and caught a foul ball!  For all kinds of people, ages, and ways of life this place is certainly a good time.Tip:  Nighttime games on clear nights provide jaw-dropping and awe-inspiring photo opps.
5	This really is "As good as it gets!". I've been told I need to see AT&T Park. I haven't been there yet, but Pittsburgh's PNC park is going to be tough to beat.My standard 25-30 dollar seats got me in row P behind home plate. Unbelievable value.The stadium giveaway that day was nice, which is always an added bonus. The stadium is in a nice location with nice sightlines in the background, and right on the river. It really is a gorgeous place, despite the somewhat obnoxious yellow.The food was probably some of the best I've had at a ballpark, and it was reasonably priced. The concourses were also some of the widest I've seen at a ballpark.If I had to knock it for one thing, it's the parking. There's not much in the way of parking right around the stadium. Apparently the secret is that they close off the closest bridge to traffic and let you park in the parking garage right on the other side of the river. I had no way of knowing that going in, and there were no signs, so I parked literally a mile away and had to walk. It was well worth it though.My wife even left her ticket in the car and the person at the gate looked up our purchase in their computer rather than making us go all the way back. Absolutely a 5-star experience.
5	Affordable, great site lines, and a beautiful park! If you get a chance walk around the entire park inside and out, enjoy the beautiful architecture on the outside and take a walk at night along the Riverfront after the game it is beautiful! The ambiance and vibe is tremendous!
5	PNC Park delivers a great experience.  From the buzz of the crowd as you walk across the Clemente Bridge to the wonderful skyline views from inside the stadium, it really makes for an enjoyable afternoon or evening.  The food is good, the seats are a value, and the atmosphere is relaxed.  We were there to see the visiting team and didn't receive any abuse from Pirates fans.  So I would definitely label this park as family friendly.
5	PNC Park is the best of the best. Hands down, it's the best stadium in the nation. Granted, I haven't been to all of them (yet), but I can't imagine a park being better than PNC.A little history: I grew up near Pittsburgh. My dad and grandpa took me to a bazillion Pirates games in Three Rivers Stadium. When Three Rivers was bombed to make way for PNC, I refreshed my browser like mad to see all of the news stories and photos (This was before livecast, kiddos). Out of respect for my only baseball home until that point, I swore that I wouldn't set foot in that damn PNC Park that was to be erected. It helped that I moved to St. Louis the following year.Well, it took about five years after PNC Park opened, but I finally made it. Once I stepped through the gates, most of my nostalgia for Three Rivers melted away (I still keep a trunk of it buried in my heart, though). I stared open-mouthed at the soaring seat levels and the gorgeous views of the rivers and skyline. I was amazed at the care with which the Pirates merch stores chose their stock. I was humbled by the section devoted to the Pirates' role in the Negro Leagues. I fluttered when I saw so many Pittsburgh-area restaurants and cuisine. And I felt such pride outside the stadium while touching each of the statues of the Pittsburgh greats. I was sold.That's not even counting how I felt once I sat down for a game. Honestly, PNC doesn't have a bad seat in the house, and you can't beat the view of the city. In this park, I don't need to sit in the expensive seats to feel like part of the action - I happily take in games from the upper decks and still feel connected to what's happening on the field (though it's pretty easy to sneak into the lower sections after a couple of innings). The in-game shenanigans on the big screen are more clever than in other parks, and the pierogi race is always a hoot. And I love how much space the park devotes to scoreboards for other baseball games happening that day - so easy to keep tabs on what's happening back in St. Louis and also monitor my fantasy baseball teams like a giant dork. Despite the Pirates being a mediocre team (Glory will happen again! I swear!), this is a gorgeous stadium in a city full of Pittsburgh pride. I LOVE bringing friends and family here. I've now been to PNC about a dozen times, and I've never been let down once.
5	The stadium is awesome -- the team is not.  :(
5	I've been to PNC Park 4 times and I can't wait to go back. It is probably the most beautiful baseball park in the world! The design is very open. Just about every single seat offers a great view of the field. You feel as if you are really down there on the field even in regular seats. Offers a stunning view of the downtown waterfront, the Roberto Clemente and other bridges and the gorgeous Pittsburgh nighttime skyline. I think it's best to go to a night game if you can only go once!
5	Great place to watch a game. We had front row seats right where the Pierogi Race finishes - and at the price that you'd pay for upper deck seats at Wrigley. People were friendly and the park was easy to get around. Beautiful view of the bridge and the river. Easily accessible from downtown - we walked from the hotel we stayed at. Good vendors too. Not sure if the Primanti Bros. at the park stands up to one of their neighborhood locations, but it was pretty decent. One of the best of the "newer" ballparks.
5	Attending the Pour for the Cure event at the Trib Total Media Hall of Fame Club at PNC reminded me of those hot summer days at PNC Park with friends while enjoying drinks, food, and occasionally taking in the game.  PNC Park is such a great place with an amazing view of the city.  It seems like it would be appealing to all ages.  I'm not really into baseball, but I always enjoy going to the games b/c of the venue.  I feel like that's saying something.  So when Summer comes around - get yourself a ticket to a game, a beer, and a few friends to enjoy those hot summer days that seem so fleeting.
5	I went on a baseball park road trip in 2004. Of all the major league places I visited, Pittsburgh was the one I went to with lowest expectations..Boy, did I get that wrong!!.PNC Park is the most beautiful stadium in baseball. The park itself is a great retro park which evokes the spirit of old Forbes Field. And what really puts it over the top is the view. I walked all over the park so I could see the view from every section and level. Each area offered a different view, and each view was great!! Whether it was a view into downtown from right-center field, of Mt. Washington from left field or back into the stadium itself from the outfield bleachers, I enjoyed a wonderful picture.
5	I love visiting this ball park. In the majors leagues, it provides one of the best feelings of community when watching the game.Last year, it was an amazing sight to see the park filled with Pirates fans while they were still in the hunt for first in the NL central. It's an absolutely amazing ballpark and experience and recommend the Pittsburgh Sports fan, or anyone who loves Major League ball parks stop in for a visit.This ballpark is a far more personal experience than many of the others I've visited on the east coast. And, it is built to highlight the beauty of downtown Pittsburgh.
5	Beautiful stadium! Food is made fresh! A must see!
5	Awesome stadium.  I love the views of the city, the river right outside flowing past, the bridges across the river, and that spiral staircase winding around in left field rocks.  The bullpen setup is unique in my experience in that you get to be right up next to the catcher/pitcher on a level not seen at other parks.  Even though PNC is a newer park it has the feel of old timey baseball stadiums.  They've done a great job of building the past into the present and future.  People were nice (even though I was sporting threads of a division rival they were playing that day) and overall I loved this place and want to return sometime soon.  Nice work, Pittsburgh!
5	.Beautiful, water-front stadium
5	It's a shame the Pirates have been doing badly for so long. PNC Park has to be the most beautiful ballpark in the MLB. Well designed with a beautiful view of downtown. Tickets are pretty cheap, there are a lot of good give aways. You don't have to be a big baseball fan to enjoy PNC Park.
5	I've been to several major and minor league parks and PNC Park continues to be my favorite.  Maybe because it really is the best, maybe because I'm a Pittsburgher and a Pirates fan.  But I don't think the reason really matters.The Buccaroo stand is the best find ever!  Smaller (kid-sized) versions of many ballpark staples (nachos, popcorn, pretzels, hot dogs) are available at a portion of the cost.  For the cost of just 1 order of nachos, I can get one of everything on the menu at the Buccaroo stand which means I don't mind splurging on a helmet sundae.But the best part is the fact that there is not a bad seat in the house and most seats have a gorgeous view of downtown Pittsburgh.  It's nice to have something pretty to look at when your home team is losing.  I recommend catching a game to everyone I know.  If you're smart about it, a trip to PNC Park to catch the Pirates can cost less than dinner and a movie.
5	"You know how cute I always thought you were..."With those words, Phoebe Cates set hearts racing in 1982's  "Fast Times at Ridgemont High"*.  Then, as now, she is smokin' hot.  Even I can recognize that she is stunning**.  Well friends, PNC Park reminds me of Phoebe Cates, and not just because they both have the initials "P" and "C".   Let me explain...As we've established, Phoebe Cates is spectacular.  And I would imagine even if you ran into her one morning after she'd been out all night, hungover, no makeup, hair messed up, clothes wrinkled, she would probably still be breathtaking.And this is where I draw the parallel to PNC Park.  Without a doubt, this is the most beautiful park in the major leagues (and I've been to about 24 of them).   Anyone I know who's been here says the same thing.  So it follows that no matter how lousy, pathetic or embarrassing the baseball the Pirates organization puts on the field, PNC Park is still heart-stoppingly magnificent.The views are impressive, the prices are reasonable (I paid $60 for seats five rows behind Pirates dugout!), the food is good, the beer is good, the entertainment is first rate.  The only thing I can complain about is that when I took the stadium tour we didn't get to go into a locker room like at other stadiums.  Quite simply, it's the standard by which all other ballparks should be measured.I absolutely love this park...win or lose, it always looks like bikini Phoebe in my eyes.--------------------------------------* best red bikini ever (excellent use of the Cars "Moving in Stereo" by the way) http://youtu.be/PqMIfeTc-CM** those who know me (or who have read my reviews) know I'm not exactly her target demographic  :)
5	My wife and I have been here only a few times in the past. We had the opportunity to go Wednesday night and I must say I've become a big fan of going to games here. The atmosphere is great, the park is clean, and there are plenty of food choices including Primanti's and Quaker Steak. The view is amazing with the Pittsburgh skyline in the background. Visiting here may be the most American thing you will ever do. If you haven't been here before, you're definitely missing out. Go on a fireworks night for an extra special treat.
5	Not a surprise that I would adore PNC Park. After years of telling myself I would make it out to Pittsburgh for a game, I finally did.The friendly atmosphere, the beautiful architecture, and stunning view provided an amazing first time for me. I wanted to catch the Cubs but instead I rooted for the Pirates against the Astros.While the Pirates didn't pull it off, I still had a great time. Pirate fans are much better than Phillies fans, and it's a lot of families. Unlike my home park in Baltimore, the size of the stadium doesn't make it look entirely empty.I hope that in the future Pittsburgh citizens will come back to talk about the Pirates, because they've got quite possibly one of the best venues in sports. Hell, it's a fantastic price for summer entertainment, go Pittsburgh...go watch your team!Sidenote:Great selection of food and brews at PNC Park. Had a Pennsylvania Brewing Co. Pale Ale and would have gotten some wings at Quaker Steak and Lube but passed.
5	12 innings in the drizzle/rain taught me that on the 3rd base line, around Sec 120, row U is the first row that will keep you dry. Our season tix are in Row S. So close. In spite of the rain, it was a fantastic Mother's Day game cheering our Buccos on to their 12 inning victory over Houston. PNC Park is my favorite spot in all of the 'Burgh. Win or loose, it has charm, offers outstanding views, has a myriad of food options, scoreboard and organ antics, 7th inning patriotism & tradition and racing pierogies. I ESPECIALLY love it now that I have a daughter to pass on my (and my sports lovin' Hubby's) love of baseball. The family bathrooms, mean that Hubby can take a turn missing a few innings for Baby Girl's bathroom breaks. What more could a Baseball Mamma ask for?I would be remiss if I failed to mention the better than usual shirt give-away to all moms and kids.Although, I am not certain of the durability  of the Walker replica jerseys, I can say I appreciate that they are actually cut and styled for women and children and not just smaller, over sized, box shirts for men. Way to go Buccos!
5	It is simply the best ballpark in the country, hands down.  Tickets are inexpensive and the atmosphere is wonderful.  A few tips...park in town across from the Clemente Bridge.  All city lots are only $5.  It saves you money and they shut down the bridge to traffic before and after games so you can walk across it and enjoy the beautiful view of the city and ballpark.  Also, after the game the Trib Total Media Lounge in left field offers $2.50 beers (craft beers included).  They have an outdoor seating area that offers some of the best views you'll ever find at a bar.  It's definitely worth stopping by to avoid traffic and enjoy the city.
5	This place has the most beautiful view of the city.  You absolutely cannot have a bad experience here, and recently they enhanced the food selection to make it more of a high end experience.  That way you can get more than the usual ball park food.  LET GO BUCS!
5	I really enjoyed my first visit to PNC.  All of the seats give a great view of the game as well as the city.  I sat down on the first base side just below the Primanti Bros.  During the game I moved around and checked out the view from the worst seats (Upper deck, top row on the left field side).  I thought the view from here was still pretty good.  I would also take a bleacher seat as they have a great view and a good chance at a Home Run ball. I would rate #3 on my ballpark list behind Wrigley and The Jake ("Progressive").  The parking was awesome at only $5 across the bridge.  I enjoyed a walk along the river after the game and it was an easy walk to station square.   This was an enjoyable afternoon in Pittsburgh that only a few thousand seemed to enjoy.  I also noticed the stadium was at least 1/3 Reds fans.  I did not partake in stadium food since I can't fathom spending that much on anything at the ballpark.  Primanti Bros. is close to $2 more a sandwich.  Beer around $7 but they have a nice craft beer area in left field area for $6.50.  They have a decent little food court by right field so it provides options to a variety of people.  I would head back someday when Cleveland plays but not go out of my way to see another game there.
5	This is the 8th MLB park I've been to, and I've got many more to go, but this has to be the best view in baseball, and one of the best parks there is.  The staff were ALL incredibly friendly, the park is in pristine condition, and the food is outstanding. The Pirates are just terrible, but that has very little to do with the experience of a game.  I really can't stress how amazing the employees are at this park.  It's really one of a kind.
5	Great experience. Raise the jolly roger!
4	This is a very good ballpark to watch a game at.  I was in the nosebleeds on a free shirt Friday and it was a great time.  It's hard to beat the atmosphere with the skyline of the city off in right field.The access to the facility is easy as well with the new underground train and plenty of pedestrian walkways.  My minor small complaint is that the diverse food options are only available on the main concourse.  If you are in the upper deck there seems to be only a few options for  food.  I ventured down to the main level to experience all the delicious options PNC had to offer.The Pirates have a good facility, don't hesitate to visit.
4	I remember Three Rivers Stadium being some sort of hell hole. It was a million degrees, my seats were always terrible, and the bathrooms were somehow always perpetually destroyed littered with booze bottles and dirty diapers. Since, its destruction, I haven't gone to a baseball game. I was shocked by how pleasant and nice PNC Park is. I wonder if there is a bad seat in the house because just about every section has an interesting view of the field and some of the downtown sky line. There is both micro and macro brews available. The footlong hotdog had fried onions as a topping. At the end of the game kids ran the bases. This was super cool, all in all I am excited to return to seeing baseball games after a long hiatus.
5	I clearly was mistaken... I'd been to an interleague game before.  Two years ago I took my dad to a Pirates/Indians game here.  See, I treat him to either a Bucs or Washington Wild  Things game every year for Father's Day.  We took last year off, opting instead for an Elvis Costello concert.  And boy did we pick the wrong year not to go.  2011 went down as the year the Priates didn't suck (so badly).  Well this past Saturday night I resumed the tradition.  And it was a good thing I long ago bought two tickets cheap on Stubhub.  Saturday Night's game ended up being the fourth sellout of the season.  In fact they had an announced crowd of 39,312.  Although I suspect a goodly amount of them were on hand for the post-game Boyz II Men concert (wait, they're still around?).  I'd managed to get two tickets in Sec. 124, behind 3rd base.  If you ask me, Secs. 120-124 are the best seats in the house.  You get a really great view of the Skyline from these seats.  That was one of the many problems with the old Three Rivers Stadium--you had no sense of place there.  PNC gives you a great view all around, and you really feel like you're in the middle of the city.  The food here is okay, but only just okay.  If do do eat at the park and want a little variety, I suggest the Diamond Pizza behind Sec 138.  They've got your typical pizzas but they've also got a chopped garden salad, chicken salad, anti-pasta salad, and chicken and veggie wraps.  O' but I did partake of some Rita's Italian Ice.  My dad and I had a very enjoyable night together.  Hands down, PNC is one of the best ballparks around.  And we're actually inching our way towards having a team worthy of such a great facility.No, we didn't stay for Boyz II Men.  I hated them as a teen and I sure as shite wouldn't want to see 'em now.
5	Awesome park, people and atmosphere. Bring your kids or your buddies! Awesome selections of food, too. As expected, priced like an MLB venue.
4	You cannot beat the view, it's wonderful! You should go there just to see the view!  The ballpark itself is beautiful too, I really like it. You have tons of choices for food, but beware, my experience with their workers was not good. They just weren't nice at all. Also, you'll have to wade through sooooooooooo many people in close quarters.It seems like no matter where you have a seat, you can see the game pretty well. That said, holy crap are they uncomfortable. They really tried to fit as many seats as they could in there (for the Pirates??) and your back will be reminding you in the morning of the fact.They have tons of promotions to get people into the park too so you'll almost always be able to find cheap tix which is great! Plus, every time I've been there I got something free, which I looooove! :)Parking isn't too bad either, $12 at a nearby garage.
5	I've been to old Yankees stadium, Three Rivers, Kaufmann Stadium in KC and the SF Giants park (whatever their naming rights sponsor might be) so I've got some basis for comparison but not a huge amount.PNC Park knocks it out everytime. It's got a great old feel but it's not decripit (like old Yankees stadium), fantastic amenities and a good variety of delicious food (usually gets compared to Miller Park in Milwaukee for best food). Obligatory reference to Primanti's but Quaker Steak & Lube and even Nakama have outposts here. And the ice cream is yum if you can keep up the pace before it melts!I've had seats everywhere (easy to access them unlike Kaufmann which had some treacherous footing) from the nosebleeds to first row behind 3rd base to the luxury suites (sometimes working with sales folk pays off!) to the pgh baseball club seats. Not a bad sightline in the park. Giants park is probably its best rival for a beautiful view. When there's a sellout crowd, it's got an electric feeling. (quick tip, I'm of the opinion that upper deck seats are best on fireworks night).And the Pirates are actually starting to play good baseball? [crosses fingers, toes and eyes, knocks on wood, turns around 3x and spits, falls over from trying to do all that at once]
5	Most definitely Five Start worthy.  Along with the ballpark in San Francisco, this is one of my favorites.  Wonderful location next to the Allegheny river and with almost any seat you get a great view of the downtown skyline.  I think my favorite part is how small it is (according to Google 38,496 capacity) so every seat appears to have a great view of the action.  This is what makes baseball such a great sport to watch live.  Plus there are several good food options.  Pirate fans, hang in there. You have a wonderful park. Enjoy it.
5	I can't get enough of this place. The more I go here the more I love it. Nothing beats 36,000 fans cheering for their home team in a park with an amazing view. The way the city catches the sunset is a nice touch.
5	How can you not love a stadium that has an incredible view of the Pittsburgh skyline, a wide variety of concessions, a hot dog cannon and racing pierogi?!We took the Gateway Clipper shuttle from Station Square which made it easy to get to and from the stadium.  Seating areas were clearly marked and ushers were eager to direct us to our seats and bathrooms were clean without much of a line.  There is so much to look at and so many on field activities between innings that you can sometimes forget there is a baseball game going on.Even if you aren't a fan of baseball or the Pirates, PNC park is worth visiting.
5	One of my favorite stadiums in the United States.  I was there for the all-star game years ago.  There are tons of bars right next to the stadium as well.  You can cross a bridge to get there are there are water views all over.  Great place!
5	Excellent park, excellent view of the river from most of the seats, and they even have a Primanti Bros. in the stadium. This stadium has a classic ballpark feel and is one any baseball fan should check out.
5	For many years PNC Park has been the home of the struggling Pittsburgh Pirates and I've witnesses more than a few losses here during that time. Fortunately, it seems like things are finally changing this year (knock on wood repeatedly). Unfortunately, my trip to the city this week just happened to be during the All-Star break, so I was not able to catch a game at this beautiful ballpark. Regardless, I still took the subway over to the stadium to walk around and take some pictures. With the Pittsburgh skyline visible over the outfield and great seating and food vendors throughout, it's no wonder this is considered one of the premiere ballparks in the Major League. It was a much needed and serious upgrade from the old Three Rivers Stadium (RIP), which hosted both the Pirates and the Steelers for decades. Don't want to worry about parking? Then take the subway to the new, nearby North Side terminal or walk across the Roberto Clemente bridge, which is sometimes only open to foot traffic during game day.So, now that the NL handily won the All-Star game, maybe PNC Park can host the World Series this year?  Let's go Bucs!!!
5	Great ball park.  We somehow got seats in the shade.  I don't know how that happened!  The food was good, the game was great, really I don't know what more you can ask for!
5	I. Love. PNC. Park.  The food, the fans, the atmosphere... it's just magical.  For a very very long time, it was the only reason that watching a Pirates game was tolerable.  If you're gonna watch your team stink it up, why not do it in style?  The last game I went to, however, was different.  There was a buzz in the air... a "this could be the year" buzz that you could only feel if you had endured the "well, at least I can get a Primanti's sandwich" vibe for so long.  That's part of what makes sports in Pittsburgh so great.  It's something you can't really explain, but you know it's there, and it makes the experience something worth remembering.Also, CRAB FRIES!!!!!!!
4	I can only not give five stars because I don't know what my favorite MLB stadium is yet. Not only because I haven't been to all of them but even among the dozen or so I have been to, I can't rank them like that. The night we went to PNC was pretty perfect though.The walk across the bridge is a nice experience unto itself and the view from either end was really kind of exciting. I don't live in Pittsburgh and when I visit my friends there, I rarely get a glimpse of what a good-looking city it is. The bridge totally does that, as does the stadium itself. Having the skyline as a backdrop was really nice.The statues and the street concert were also a nice touch but for an otherwise well-designed stadium, it was kind of a pain to get to our section. Maybe we did it wrong, but the zig zag meander with the masses goes on far too long before we can split off into the 100s or 200s or 300s. Lots of other stadiums cut to the chase and send you in the right direction sooner it seems to me. But like I always say, if you want to watch the (insert MLB team name here) play at home, where else you gonna go?The food selection was really quite impressive though it was so friggin' hot the night we went we didn't partake. If we had, I know there would have been a Polish Hill dog (with pierogies on it) and a gluten-free hot dog as well. Gluten-free! Way to go, Pittsburgh, you've just out-L.A.'d, L.A.
5	This really is a great looking ball park. Kudos to you, Pittsburgh. There is not a bad seat in the house and it really was laid out well. I have been to two games, one in club level seating and another in section 123. Club level was obviously quite nice and it was great not to have to wait in extremely long lines for food and drinks. Being able to take a break from the sun is yet another perk, of course. But there is something to be said for seating in the general viewing areas. Being surrounded by all of the other fans, eating hot dogs, drinking beer - hard to beat. Our view from 123 was not obscured in any way and it gave you a great view of the action happening around home plate.Parking in town somewhere and taking a stroll across the bridge to the park is a must, I might add. The prices for food and drinks are about on par with other ball parks I've been to, which admittedly hasn't been many hehe.I always enjoy myself when I attend the games, whether the Pirates win or lose, and a big portion of that is the great park Pittsburgh has for the team.
4	I'm not actually a baseball fan - being english my favourite sport is Rugby (like american football but no shoulderpads as the english are not sissys). I loved this place though and am a convert to the notion of sport with cool mascots, beer at the stadium and Primanti's.. What a day!
5	My favorite stadium so far, and best of the new stadiums.  Great prices, great views, great city setting.  We were staying at the Marriott across so parking wasn't a problem. When visiting ball parks, we try to sit close to where are season tickets are at Dodger Stadium, and at PNC they were premium seats and less expensive. We still have a couple of parks to go, but I can't imagine any of them as great as PNC.
4	Go to this park even if its for the gorgeous backdrop of Pittsburgh.. Right on the river a must see when in the area.
5	Loved the whole experience here - walking over the bridge from downtown, they had bands playing, people gathered everywhere, and multiple bars around the stadium.  Got great seats for pretty cheap ahead of time, and it wound up selling out, with a good really involved crowd.  Went to the Primanti Brothers to try the famous sandwich (wasn't all that impressed, but that isn't the park's fault) and it was pretty easy in and out.  Definite five stars, but I still would put San Fran's park as the best of the ones I've been to.
5	Best park view in MLB. Closest seats to the action.  Easily walkable to downtown and affordable parking.  Excellent fireworks nights and amenities abound. See you in the playoffs! The Pirates play has been sporadic but very exciting and rewarding to the diehards.
4	One of the best views of the city! Although prices are a little steep considering what you're buying. But everyone is always so nice and helpful!
5	The baseball park of the Pitttsburgh Pirates. Great field all seats are very well placed to watch the game.
4	Great ballpark, now if we can only find a baseball team to play there...Seriously - It is a very nice ballpark with a variety of dining options.  The club level is especially pleasant, with more health choices than elsewhere.  They have a very nice playground which is great for families.  Also nice for families are many family bathrooms, which are lacking a lot of places.A few things I'd like to see improved upon: Food and drink prices are at the high side which you expect but is still annoying. Some of the food options are "not that special." For example the Gyros and Fried Chicken are just OK.  Perfectly fine, but taste like they were produced by a food service, not a good neighborhood place.
4	Only negative point is the product on the field, 20 straight losing seasons definitely earns you one less star.  Everything else.... AWESOME!Tons of places to grab some food, beer or just hang out.  The team store is huge with a ton of selection.  Yes its a little overpriced, but for goodness sake you're at the ballpark, what did you expect!  They have a bar along in the lower section (around the first base side) that had a huge beer selection.  In the right field area, there was a sitdown bar.  And best of all there was Manny's BBQ stand located about left/center field.  Out of this world Pulled Pork Pierogi Stacker.  Holy cow was that awesome and well worth the cheap admission into the park.  The line can be long, but its totally worth it and you might get the chance to shake hands with Manny.  Grab a table directly across from the stand and stare at the beauitful Roberto Clemente bridge and downtown view.
5	I wish I could give this stadium ten stars.It is, by far, my favorite ballpark. I am astronomically in love with it.
5	Even though the Pirates are unfortunately not a great team, this ball park is absolutely incredible. I find myself often staring off into the distant downtown while there because the view is just that beautiful. I've also had the opportunity to be in the suite several times through work. Their suites are really nice with fantastic service. I highly recommend making a PNC Park trip at least several times each summer!
5	***PNC Park is one of the best looking ballparks I've ever visited; the integration of the city skyline (with a clear view of many skyscrapers and one of the city's many bridges--Roberto Clemente Bridge) makes for a great and memorable view; the concession area just past the outfield also puts you right on the water; the only negatives were the narrow seating and how the food I had was a little subpar (but the food is from local vendors so it has potential)***Many of the new baseball stadiums have done a good job of integrating the city's skyline.  In Busch Stadium (St. Louis), you get a great view of the Gateway to the West Arch while you get to see some prominent Downtown buildings from your seat at Progressive Field (Cleveland).  But of the ones I've been to, none have done it better than PNC Park.From your seat, you get a view of several Downtown Pittsburgh buildings and not just a flat view.  Instead, you get great depth and actually see several blocks of skyscrapers in various sizes and from many different time periods.  Even better is the view of the Roberto Clemente Bridge.  If you have ever driven in Pittsburgh, you will know that bridges are a big part of the city's identity in how they connect the many neighborhoods in and around the Pittsburgh metropolitan area.  While a great view is a big plus in itself, the one at PNC Park reflects the city's environment and identity more clearly than any ballpark I've been to or plan to visit.The ballpark is nice to look at as well; there is a good scoreboard and a good color scheme throughout the stadium.  Walking around the ballpark is fun too.  The walking area is pleasant and there are attractive concession stands as well as a great area just past the outfield where there is a view of Downtown Pittsburgh, the river and boats--very reminiscent of what you will also experience at The Great American Ballpark (Cincinnati) or AT&T Park (San Francisco) though AT&T Park easily tops all three with its view of more water and the Bay Bridge.The team store was not as big as other Midwestern baseball stadiums like Busch Stadium and The Great American Ballpark, but there was still a good selection of team gear and souvenirs as well as a few good items for non-Pittsburgh fans (like a reasonably priced collection of mini pennants for all 30 MLB teams).  The service was friendly.There were areas where PNC Park could have been better though.  The seats were surprisingly narrow so it was kind of a tight fit regardless of who you were sitting next to.  The food was disappointing too.  A lot of it tasted like it had been sitting around for too long though I did have their food late in the game; maybe it is better when you just get there.Still, I felt the food showed a lot of potential.  PNC Park features a wide variety of local vendors including Primanti Brothers (a limited menu of a local sandwich shop), Quaker Steak & Lube (a chicken wing spot) and Chickie's & Pete's (a local restaurant known for seasoned fries).  It is the kind of food that can work well at a ballpark (similar to the local and decent food at The Great American Ballpark) so I think you can have a decent food experience here if you check out the right vendors at the right time.PNC Park is a great place to watch a game.  While I found the seats a little uncomfortable, it is a beautiful ballpark--easily the nicest looking of the ones I've visited.  If you are looking to check out some of the country's best baseball stadiums, I think this one should be high on your list.For parking, you will find a few nearby paid lots and parking structures.  You can also find parking on the other side of the river (there is a walkway).
5	Absolute gorgeous ball park that has to be a destination for baseball fans and stadium go-ers alike.I suggest staying downtown Pittsburgh and walking across the bridges on game day. I also recommend getting seats behind home plate. Downtown Pittsburgh looks like a movie back drop, it's unreal and so beautiful. You can see all of the field very well and tickets are cheap (compared to Wrigley that is). Food is good. Beer is awesome. We were lucky enough to be there for fireworks after the game and it's even more amazing to see the city lit up in the background. Awesome awesome place.
4	The stadium with the best centerfield skyline view!Location- Outside of the view and bellying up to the river the area directly around the stadium is a little lacking.  There is a reason they close down the bridge next to the park before and after the game because there is so little to do that they know you're going to run over the clemente bridge in search of entertainment.  Sightlines- Great Sightlines.  This stadium is pretty small so you're pretty much on top of the action.  The Left field/thirdbase line upper concourse is a little far from the action but the Rightfield bleachers are homerun central for Lefties and a good place to watch the game.  The field level seats along the left field line are great too.  They are positioned toward home and scarily close to the action.  Amenities- Great Food, Primanti brothers in the concourse is almost as good as the real thing.  Pittsburgh is such a great historic baseball town and so much of this history is intertwined in the stadium.  Can't beat statues of greats like Honus Wagner and Roberto Clemente.  Design- Great combo of old-style and new amenities (which is fairly indicitive of Pittsburgh).  The riverwalk outside is fantastic and overall the design is pretty accessible.  I'm a big fan of the field layout - very little foul territory and angled walls make for interesting baseball.
5	One of the best baseball parks in america. Great seats everywhere. Great Prices. Food is better than average. The veggie burger is great. Potato patch fries are filling.  Stay away from the first base side durung day games,  it gets hot.  Do yourself a favor and,  at least once, splurge for mid tier seats to get access to better restaurants and a little pampering.
5	By far one of the top 5 ballparks in the league. I have been to 24 and this one is close to the top for sure. The view is so cool with the bridge out in center field. The food selection was good. Had Wings from Quaker State and Lube. NOt bad but they were not as good as I had heard. The field looked great very green and cut very nice. I very much enjoyed the visit here as well as the city itself.
5	I took in a Pirates/Reds game here and it is a great place. If you get tickets, the 200 level is very nice. I think I paid around $56 and the 200 level has some nice amenities with indoor seating, indoor TV's etc. About 3 years ago I paid around $90 per seat at Fenway park for seats about 1/2 way up on field level on the 3rd base side which had no side or front leg room. The good part about the 200 level with the indoor seating was the night that i went, it was probably around 45 degrees outside so was nice to go inside to warm up. The stadium was nice, the staff was great, plenty of food choices. I parked a little north of the stadium in a private lot and it was easy to get out after the game. The view of Pittsburgh across the river was great and when the sun went down you could see the city lights nicely.
5	Although I am a tried & true Braves fan & this stadium wasn't very friendly to my team during our visit this weekend, I've got nothing but love for this ballpark! First, it's easily accessible by train or walking. The walk is completely safe and the train ride is potentially free if you're coming from within the free ride zone. Second, the view- amazing!!! I haven't seen another baseball stadium with such an incredible view of the city! Lastly, they have great restaurant selections inside the park (even some healthy alternatives!) and great little table areas to eat at so you don't have to haul everything to your seats if you're eating before the game begins. Definitely catch a game here if you're able!!
5	My wife and I have visited several ballparks across the US on bus tours and PNC Park is one of the best of all!
5	This was my first baseball game for an MLB game and I was very excited. My boyfriend is a huge Braves fan so we came for a Braves/Pirates game this past weekend and he had already heard that this was a great stadium. The stadium was very clean and all of the attendants and ushers were super helpful! We had seats behind home base and had a gorgeous view of the city.We stayed downtown on Saturday night and it was suggested that we take the T station over. Neither of us had been on a subway before so we checked it out and grabbed a schedule so we wouldn't be completely lost getting to the game. It ended up being super easy, fast, and safe and we took it back to the hotel after the game.If you want typical ball game food (which we did) you won't be disappointed. As we walked around before the game, we noticed a Primanti Brothers and a Quaker State Lube restaurant. You won't go hungry here! For my first stadium experience it was great and I will not hesitate to come check out a game here again.
5	Not much more I can say that hasn't already been said: one of (if not) the best MLB parks. Clean, beautiful, great sight lines, and the view of Downtown Pittsburgh/Roberto Clemente Bridge has to be the best in sports. Good food selection at SmorgasBurgh and good beer selection at Beers of the Burgh.Can't wait to come back (especially once weather gets warmer).TIP: Sit in Club or Upper Level from home plate to 3B to get best view of the city.
5	Best fucking park in baseball. Tickets are reasonably priced and the view is awesome of the downtown skyline. I try to go to visit other parks every year, and this was my first time to PNC. This is just an all around awesome park and it puts my Nationals Park to shame.
5	Super. Wunderbar. Fantastico. Superb. However you want to say it, this ballpark is amazing. There is no doubt that this is one of, if not THE best stadium in baseball. Yes, you heard me right, fellow Braves fans. I love the Ted just like all the other fans who have tennis elbow from chopping all their lives. The scenery, seating, prices of everything, the food options-- Simply awesome. Also, it is very nice to have a free train ride right to the stadium, and as a Braves fan, I'm forever envious of that. Put this ball park in Atlanta, and the house is packed every time the braves play at home. Put it in Steeler town, and unfortunately, no one goes to enjoy this spectacle like they should.
5	Go Pirates!
5	I haven't talked to a single person who's visited PNC Park and had a bad thing to say about it. The baseball team playing on it? Sadly, yes, but the park, itself? Nope. Nothing. It's about as perfect of a ballpark that you can ask for.In the 7+ years that I've lived in Pittsburgh, I can say that I've sat in just about every part of the stadium imaginable. From the Lexus Club to the upper corners, front row on the third base line to the all-you-can-eat seats. There's simply not a bad seat in the house! While the atmosphere is always better on sold out nights, you'll hardly be disappointed visiting for any game. There's just something awesome about heading down to the park, grabbing a cheap ticket, getting some filthy ballpark grub, and taking in the perfect view of Pittsburgh's skyline from your seat.Whether it's your first time or 100th time at the stadium, you'll always think the same thing: wow, this is a GREAT stadium!
5	Great ballpark!  Fun atmosphere.  Convenient to get there. Subway drops off right in front. Decent food - prices normal high stadium prices.  Views are great from most seats.  Manny Sangullen burgers are fantastic!
5	Let me add my review to the chorus of people singing the praises of this park. It is just beautiful. There isnt a bad seat in the place. The view of the city from the third base side of the field is wonderful. If this ballpark were in a baseball crazy town, people would be talking about it all the time. The fans were friendly (a stranger offered us some caramel corn just because) and the food choices are wide. They have a BBQ sandwich with pierogies on it. How can you go wrong with that? The only odd thing (and it is odd since I am a midwesterner), they don't have brauts. Granted, they had kielbasa but still....And, kudos to whoever creates the video introductions for the team and the like. They are funny and very creative.
5	The best ballpark I've visited. Great food selection and quality. Not a bad seat in the house. Beautiful views of the river. All this park needs is for the Pirates to win more!
5	Well crap. This is the second time I have gone to a game at PNC and I will have to say this place rivals Wrigley (gasp) when you take all the history out of Wrigley... which is kind of hard to do since it is pretty much the mortar of that place. But take a perfect Sunday afternoon game, the much cheaper price of coming to a game in Pittsburgh, the reasonable (for a major league baseball stadium) beer prices, the super friendly staff, the fact that there doesn't seem to be a bad seat in the house, the sheer brilliance of using the city as a back drop of center field, and the rather good naturedness of Pirate's fans-- it is a pretty great time and a fantastic ball park. A lot to be proud of.
5	Went there yesterday (6/11) for the first time in years. Excellent view of the city! My only complaint is the seats but I dealt with it.  Can barely reach in your pocket to grab something without bumping someone. (Had to stand to get my cell phone out). Think I'll get better seats next time.  Still had a wonderful time seeing the buccos win 8-2. Go Buccos!
1	This park sucks.  Unless, you like1. Lines to park2. Lines to get in the park3. Stupid long lines to get any food or drink4. Long lines for the bathrooms5. Lines to walkToo crowded, I'll never come back here
3	So I'm prepared to get a little hate for this one...I do not like PNC Park. It is not the worst ballpark. That does not mean it is a good ballpark. Firstly, the problems begin with the gates. No, not the lines that take forever - although those are miserable, too. I'm referring to the awful ticket desk service that will strike if you have a SINGLE problem with your ticket or Groupon code. In my case, I was forced to go all the way - ALL the way - around the enormous stadium from once entrance to customer service, on the other side of the park, all because apparently only one computer and one person is equipped to handle anybody whose ticket doesn't scan properly on the first try. In short, you'll be getting some exercise if you have a single problem with your ticket! Strike one. When you get in, you'll continue to get your workout in for the night, because this place is HORRENDOUSLY designed inside. Signs are impossible to see/read in and over the crowds and the hallways twist and turn horribly, not to mention the staircases and ramps are also poorly labeled and you don't know exactly where they go (other than up, or down - not very helpful when you're looking for seating sections). By the time you realize where you actually need to go, you'll be going the wrong direction and up or down a ramp or stairs that you can't turn around on because of the crowds pushing behind you. Strike two.And on that note: you WILL pay out of the nose for some crummy overcooked food and a small drink cup, and don't ever think otherwise. Avoid getting the frozen yogurt here, which costs $8 a cup because they didn't bother installing a weighing machine and decided to rip off any and all froyo fans instead. Aaaaand we have strike three. Nice try, PNC.I am giving this stadium an extra star than I want because I understand that by design a stadium is everything that I hate. And kudos to the designers for this, at least: your view will be good no matter where you are, because of the way the actual seats are set up.But once in those seats, your legs WILL cramp, because they are teeny tiny. And if you dare to go and try to stretch them, you'll find the same crowd that you had to deal with trying to get into the stadium milling around enjoying the views of the cities and still standing in line for their food and drink. You will be stepped on, you will be pushed, and you will run into people who are not paying attention to where they're going or stopping. This is no temperature control because it is outdoors, and you will deal with bugs flying into your eyes and hair - which I can deal with (I go horseback riding for crying out loud), but it does mean that you can't plan a game night to far in advance because of good ol' Pittsburgh weather, which will always find a way to strike and ruin your game night.Wrap-up time: I get that people love a good ballgame. I get that I am not the ideal target demographic. Doesn't change the fact that this is not my favorite place in the city and I see no reason to run back any time soon. I can save money on parking, and dinner, and save my feet from being stomped on, and enjoy some good ol' AC and a cheap cup of frozen yogurt, all while watching a game from the comfort of home - and that's what I plan to do from now on.
5	The only complaint for me is the price for the food. But that is expected at the game. I like going to the games. I'll be back.
5	Yes, as everybody knows, PNC Park is the best ballpark in America. As sad as I was all those years ago to see Three Rivers Stadium go, this park has truly surpassed my expectations of what a baseball game should be like.Because let's be honest: there have been a lot of Buccos games since the opening of this park that were less than wonderful, Pirate-performance-wise. And when the home team is stinking out the joint, it helps you get those most out of your tickets to at least have a gorgeous view and something nice to snack on.The view here is unmatched. City skyline rising up above the baseball field, and the outfield seats are close enough to the river that there's always that magical chance that a homerun will end up in the Allegheny. There's not a bad seat in the house - even if you're on the side without the city view, you have a great view of the game, and the opportunity for 'all you can eat' seats.The staff is great, from the ticket-takers at the gates who keep things moving, to the guys selling lemonade and cotton candy in the stands, to the dude who sells me my scorecard before the start of each game (gotta buy the big $2 card so there's enough space for all my intricate, elaborate scorekeeping shorthand).PNC Park is also home to some great baseball statues and a lot of Pirates history scattered throughout. If the game starts to get boring or desperate and you're not an OCD-scorekeeper like myself, you can go on a little walk and relive the finer moments of Buccos history. You can bring a picnic in with you, as well as one sealed water bottle per person (I'm partial to the bearded dude on the city-side of the Clemente Bridge who sells ice-cold water for $1 before games). If you forgot your picnic, there are a TON of food options, from the standard hot dogs and fries (including crazy hot dogs with pierogies on them), to Primanti's sandwiches, nachos, wings, sushi (yep, sushi!), and a 'healthy food' stand that I love to frequent on the hottest summer games for fresh, juicy fruit cups. Oh, and don't worry, there's still a plethora of peanut stands around for those sweet little old season ticket holder men!PNC Park is the best. And even though they may not always show it on the outside (as in, on their W/L record), the Buccos are the best. And as long as there is baseball, I'll keep cheering on my Pirates from section 121!
5	As far as I'm concerned, PNC Park is as good as it gets when it comes to major sporting event venues. The atmosphere and the views are unmatched. Prices for tickets are always reasonable, although I think that speaks more to the team's struggles. But I've gotten $8 lower outfield boxes on StubHub on game day!There truly is no bad seat in the house. The 3rd baseline has the skyline view everyone wants to Instagram. I recommend sitting on the 1st base side during day games so you're out of the sun and in the shade. If you do get the chance, get up to the upper section behind home plate, best view in the park IMHO. Get to the park at least 30 minutes before the first pitch. Even with the new security measures, the lines at the gate were relatively short and quick. If you're a total foodie, your options are endless. Although pricey, what else do you expect at a major sporting event? Hands down 5 stars!PS. Park downtown in a garage for a $5-$7 flat day rate because walking across the Clemente bridge is a must do!
4	I had fun at the ball game
4	Three things I like most about this park:1. The downtown skyline looms over the right and center field portions, a feature that was well-thought-out and beautifully highlights the tight relation of the city to its baseball park.  And Pittsburgh is sports-crazy so one knows this framing was intentional.  You don't get this frame and sense of place in DC, NY (x2), Baltimore, SF, Houston, etc.2. The fans were neighborly.  Unlike other parks, one isn't assaulted by drunken jerks screaming obscenities.  You can bring your kids and watch a ballgame without wondering whether their vocabulary will expand.3. The entire non-baseball production was nicely done -- not ear-splitting or boorish.What I didn't like:The lines; the prices -- this is a mid-market city for crying out loud, not LA!; there is no T-stop nearby so one needs to drive or walk quite a distance (over the admittedly wonderful Roberto Clemente bridge).In short, not the best ballpark in America but reasonable.Frankly it helps that the Pirates were doing well.  Maybe it would all feel very different if they were the Royals.
5	Man, THIS is a freaking killer stadium. And i have to say it is one of the best I have ever seen, in any sport, anywhere on the planet.Every single bonze statue is spectacular and offers an astounding backd, none better thn Roberto Clemente's.If you love sports, baseball fan or not, you must see this place. If you are a baseball fan, it would b a disgrace to miss ths stadium.
5	I had heard that this is one of the best parks in the country, and at least as far as the ones I've been to I have to agree. It's easily accessible from Downtown, and the walk over Roberto Clemente bridge was almost as much of a joy as the game itself. Once inside the view is stellar, the beers are (relatively) affordable, and it's easy to navigate. Best of all, unlike *some* places (Yankee Stadium, I'm looking in your direction...) you don't have to be a millionaire to get terrific seats. That way you don't have to strain to see the Pierogi Race. Let's Go Bucs!
4	Great place to watch a baseball game. I was fortunate to sit in two spots here, in the left field bleacher and right behind the third base line. Great views and pleasant park to walk around and see the sights. The lone negatives were it seemed more crowded in the food area than in other parks I have been to. There is also not an appealing section in the outfield that other major parks possess. Ashburn Alley in Philadelphia is an example. Tip: Arrive early and hit up some places on the street on the third base line. Lots to see and do and eat and drink.
5	SO FAR THE BESTI've been to 13 ball parks 10 current and 3 retired and this is the best one. I am a baseball junkie Yankee fan that loves to soak in the ball parks. I rate them on my own personal system of  17 different categories from food, fan friendliness, comfort, views, seating, accessibly and so on. This is the highest rated on my scale and 1 of 2 over a 9 on a 1 - 10 scale. I rated it a 9.24 would of been a 9.54 but I had to give the corridor traffic a 6. It was impossible to walk in the corridor on the 3rd base side for some reason. That was the only downfall of this park and the only rating below a 8 on my scale. I tried the Primanti Brothers Philly cheese steak and loved it, which I was totally surprised after my visit there 2 years ago and it was disastrous. The chicken wings and Italian ice were good to. The fireworks show was the most spectacular I have ever seen. With that being said I own my own business 3rd generation and for 24 years my father and now myself have been doing 4th of July parties with a massive 30 minute firework show including a 6 minute grand finale. My 6 year old son told me it was far better then ours and I agreed. It blew ours away as well as Walt Disney Worlds to. Maybe the Detroit Tigers could learn something from the Pirates because there show is lame. We parked at the garage across the river, walked the Clemente bridge and had no problems. PNC park is the standard by which all parks should be measured. This place is worth every penny.
5	Being from Boston I've been to Fenway quite a few times, as well as the Pawtucket Red Sox stadium, which is the AAA affiliate of the Sox.We got a pair of tickets behind home plate, about halfway up, for about $20/pp which in Fenway would have run into the hundreds of dollars. The big difference is that there's so many little games or things going on to keep people interested, it felt like a minor league game, but with very good baseball being played! I loved the little trivia contests they showed on the big screen, as well as that the mascot came around a semi-regularly. Coming from Fenway it felt weird to actually feel like the team was happy to have you there.I found the food and beer to be more expensive than I'm accustomed to, but not so much so I was upset.All in all, had a blast here and kinda wish we had this stadium in Boston.
5	Great view, great fans, really good product on the field currently. I would say the amenities are average, but the prices are beyond reason for concessions.A must stop of anyone who loves baseball, but you really pay for the experience.
5	This is a really great ball park! I came here in mid-May for a game with some family and I loved it (this coming from a Yankee fan haha). The park is very, very clean and the staff were all very nice. The food is also really good and you seem to have a great view no matter where you sit. The best thing about this park aside from the game is definitely the amazing view you have of the Pittsburgh skyline. It's breathtaking and it;s  totally worth the ticket price just for the view. I'm definitely going to try to come again some day!
5	This place is my favorite stadium in baseball!! They have everything: Primanti Bros, QuakerSteak, plenty of beers, and  ballpark food! The view of the city is great from anywhere in the house, and the stadium doesnt have a bad seat! I drive from DC for games, just to enjoy the atmosphere!
4	Pros:-Probably one of the best views in all of Major League Baseball-Some great food items available if you can find the right vendor-The Hall of Fame club is a great place to watch the game if you get a standing room only ticket-Great promotional nights like pup night where you can bring your dog to the ballparkCons:-It is hard to find good beer, there are a few areas that sell more than Bud but they are hard to find.Overall PNC park is a great place to watch a baseball game and the Pirates are finally turning into the team this park and city deserve.
5	Every year, I visit at least one ballpark around the country to see my St. Louis Cardinals play, and this year's pick of going to PNC Park didn't disappoint.  I wouldn't say it's the best MLB Park that I've visited, but it is close to the top.The stadium, seating and views:This is one of the best views I've seen with the Pittsburgh skyline and the appropriately named Roberto Clemente Bridge in the background.  The stadium is easy to navigate and views from the seats were great.  The bowtie bar on the right field side also has a great view of the riverfront.  The signs and the scoreboards around the stadium were good; however the main screen in the outfield only showed the lineup of the currently batting team.  I prefer being able to see the lineup and batting average of both teams throughout the game.  Visually from the outside, the exterior is somewhat bland and parking lots make it feel more suburban and void of neighborhood character. (The same could be said about my hometown stadium)  The food and drink:I enjoyed my grilled foot long hot dog covered in onions and peppers.  It was a standard hot dog, but I wish I'd have tried one of the other dogs.  On my second visit, I was happy to try some local flavor with a Primanti Bros. located in the stadium. I had the roast beef and cheese loaded with slaw and fries.  Beer vendors sold large cans for $8 and sodas were $4 at the counter or $16 for a souvenir cup with one free refill.    The people:Not since Milwaukee have I encountered such nice fans.  Everyone was respectful to us despite wearing the enemy jersey.  The Pittsburgh fans got into the games a bit more that my hometown fans, probably since this is the first winning year for them in a long time.  We met some really nice people at the games! Overall, PNC is worthy of 5 stars.  It's in my top 5 stadiums and I hope to make it back someday.
2	The Pirates and PNC Park have made me a genuine baseball fan, but Manny's BBQ broke my heart.This review is not about the great stadium, or the view, the helpful customer service agents (yes, really), the fun walk across the Carson and Clemente bridges, or the fact that I will root for the Pirates even if they inexplicably find themselves trailing the Brewers after just five minutes in the first inning.This is about a sandwich that I paid dearly for, a Pulled Pork Stacker that did not live up to the greatness of its potential, a salt lick of a meal topped off with flabby, overcooked pierogies.  With a few tweaks and a little more care, it would have been a fine thing. Instead, I'm left thinking "I should have taken it back." I am the polar opposite of a picky eater, but substandard barbeque is something I cannot abide.Leaving the park after the game, I saw half a dozen interesting-looking restaurants in the Cultural District that had stayed open in hopes of wooing postgame business - maybe that's my new game-winning strategy, even if the Pirates lose.
4	I'm only knocking off one star which is for the average to bad and expensive food. Other than that, Darren took me to a ballgame here recently, getting great seats (behind and between 3rd plate and homeplate), and we had a blast even if it was chilly out and the Buccos lost (great game though). If you don't want to pay a ransom to park or run into trouble finding a spot, take the trolley down. Luckily, I have free parking at my job in the Strip, so Darren met me there after we both got off work and we walked to and from the park. I also like their Pirates shop.  PNC Park is Beautiful!
5	I've been to 20 of the 30 current MLB stadiums, and PNC park in Pittsburgh is by far my favorite.  My second favorite is AT&T park in San Francisco (even though I'm a Dodger fan).The details and personality that can be built into a baseball stadium (as opposed to stadiums for other sports) is what makes going to a baseball game so unique, in my opinion.  PNC park in Pittsburgh is loaded with personality.  The view beyond the outfield fence is second to none.  The Roberto Clemente Bridge and the Pittsburgh skyline feel like they are part of the stadium.  The field itself is very unique, with left field being very deep, but right field having a short porch with a 21 foot wall (because Roberto Clemente wore number 21 for the Pirates).There are bars and restaurants built into the outside of the stadium, which is great for grabbing a drink and/or bite before or after the game.  Prices for tickets and concessions is also a good deal relative to other stadiums around the country.To top things off, the Pirates are finally good again, which is the icing on the cake!
4	I loved the old Three Rivers having went to 100 games there, but the new PNC is more the current style of ballpark and is similar to those in nearby  Cincy or Cleveland.  This place does have a bit of charm to it and all the seats are good with a great sound system and scoreboard. Vendors were reasonably priced for a ball park and the roaming vendors were fast and friendly.
5	What a great stadium with not a bad seat in the house.  I had great seats along the line in right field. The stadium has great views of the rivers and the skyline.  I went to 2 games while in Pittsburgh.  After the night game they had a free concert and firework show.  They have several cool bar areas, concessions, areas for kids and comfortable seats.  They sell regular beers for 8 bucks and a 24 ounce for 10.50, so look for the big beers.
1	Dump
5	Take me out to the ballgame, indeed! I may be a girl, but I grew up with 4 brothers (1 sister) and in a neighborhood full of boys who taught me about America's Favorite Pastime.  Let's just say if I didn't know the difference between an RBI or ERA, I would have received Charlie Horses 'til I cried... My knowledge and love of the game began early, with the Boston Red Sox.  Yes, I grew up in the Cathedral of Baseball Stadiums.  It's a classic and gives you goosebumps, but PNC Park is different...and I still get goosebumps.When I moved to Pittsburgh in 2010, the first place I wanted to go was PNC Park.  Once I stepped inside the stadium, I never wanted to leave.  WHAT A VIEW!!!!!  I'm not just talking about the city skyline either.  EVERY seat in the ballpark has an incredible view of the game!  Trust me, I've sat in ALMOST every section (excluding suites).  This past season, I feel the city FINALLY realized what they were missing.  The seats filled up, the crowds energy was palpable, and I felt like I was home again.  I'm excited to say the the BF and I are now 20 game season ticket holders, so I can experience that electricity over and over again next season.So... is it baseball season yet?? #LetsGoBucs
5	PNC is the Wrigley Field or the Fenway Park of the 21st century.A place where you can look around, and feel very happy that you chose this day or night to come to a baseball game.After we are gone, when PNC is more iconic than fresh, fans yet unborn will come to PNC and absorb the beauty of this ballpark and its vistas.And thank the people who had the vision to build it, and to place it in this perfect location.
5	A quick walk across the bridge from my hotel and into one of the most beautiful  stadiums in the world. Pittsburgh's a terrific baseball town with fantastic fans and this is a great tribute. Wow. Can't wait to go back. (And I'm a lifelong Dodgers fan!)
5	Great stadium. Fun place to watch a game. Good beer and food stands.
5	The view from PNC park is the absolute best in the country! I could sit in these seats and stare for days at a time. I only wish I had gone to a game while the rubber duck was floating by, that must have been a site! I absolutely love this ball park. Theres always seats, the fans are fun, the food is good, and the view is spectacular! All ball parks should model themselves after PNC. I think most do.
5	Went to this ballpark a couple of years back. My Gosh it was beautiful. The backdrop is unbeatable and the food is great. The pirates werent good yet so the crowd was small. I cant imagine the energy now going into 2014 after the playoff appearance. A great stadium by any standard.
5	I remember going to Three Rivers Stadium right before it closed when I was a kid.  PNC Park is leaps and bounds nicer, especially for the players!  Whether the Pirates are winning or losing, this ballpark is always a winner.There are hundreds of classic Pittsburgh food options.  Pirmantis, Quaker Steak, Potato Patch, and more.  Local beer too!There are also tickets for all budget levels.  When the Pirates were always losing, there were some super super cheap options.  Not quite as true now, but you can definitely still find some good deals.  There are also prime seats at prime prices.Parking wise, there are plenty of parking options.  Parking in the city and walking to the stadium is the cheapest ($5 after 5 PM on weekdays and $5 on weekends all day), but there is also close by event parking for tailgating.The view of the city skyline is fantastic.  Words cannot describe it.I guess I should add that if you are visiting from outside of Pittsburgh, people in Pittsburgh get pretty passionate about all sports.  Usually, people are ready to be rowdy and have a good time.  It's typically an interesting experience with the Yinzers.
5	PNC Park is truly a beautiful ballpark.  The view of the city is fantastic.  The sight lines of the field are great.  I do not believe there are any limited view seats in the stadium.  I was fortunate to become a Pirates season ticket holder last year and got to enjoy some awesome playoff baseball.  Such a fun place to be and enjoy a summer day.
5	I've been to many of them, from Dodger Stadium to Wrigley Field and down to Tropicana Field, but this park is THEE BEST. Incredible views from every seat, scrumptious food with tremendous variety, and finally a good product on the field! Access, like most ballparks, can be tricky. The best bet if you don't have a parking pass is to get there early and tailgate until game time.
5	It's like Busch Stadium in St. Louis has an identical twin brother in Pittsburgh. But instead of a view of the arch you have a view of the yellow bridges and the skyline.Food and beer choices are great for a ballpark.Location is awesome, safe, easy to get to.Park is clean, easy to navigate.Been here twice and its on the list of the top stadiums I've been to (out of the 12 so far)Everyone who worked there was kind and welcoming despite my Cardinal's shirt.Recommend staying at the Springhill Suites behind it if you're from out of town. Just request a room that facing the stadium and not the expressway so you don't go to sleep with sounds of cars and trains.
5	Our favorite stadium from our stadium trip this past summer. We sat in the 2nd row down the first base line and had the great view of the Roberto Clemente bridge.  We caught them in the heat of the pennant race last year against their rivals the St. Louis Cardinals which added to the "experience".  Pittsburgh was difficult to navigate for this California boy but luckily that's why we have cellphones!
5	One of the best parks in America!  Buccos beat up brewers 11-2 with 4 home runs that night.  Awesome time. Cheese steaks at the primanti brothers suck though!
5	Great stadium in arguably the best setting for a ballpark ANYWHERE in the US or Canada. It combines the nostalgia of an old park with the modern amenities any fan would want. Plus, it seems like there's not a bad seat in the whole place.  Put that combo together with great fans and you've got a winner!We just went as a family to our first game...and look forward to many more games in the coming days/months/years!While I'm not a Pirates fan...I'm a big fan of PNC Park!  Let's go Bucs!!
5	This is a five star major league ball park. It is gorgeous. It sits along the river and if you are behind home plate you get a spectacular view of the city and the ball field. When the sun sets, it reflects on the buildings and the city looks like it is on fire. The pirates are an exciting team and fun to watch. As a baseball fan, I do like to watch other teams and am jealous you guys have McCutchen. I walked around and the sight lines looked great from everywhere. So I am jealous that your park is built for baseball watching. The food options are tremendous. There are so many things to choose. I don't eat when I am going to explore a new ball park so I can pick a couple of options. Tonight I had half a capicola sandwich. That was very good. And I ate the pierogies off of my pulled pork stacker. I didn't like the pork. It was too stringy and the bread was too wet. There were a ton of beer options and had I not been pick pocketed, I would have stayed and drank some different Pittsburgh crafts. I was so angry I walked out in the 5 th inning. It's unlike me to leave a game early, but my cash was stolen and I was left feeling uncomfortable. The staff at the park and police were less than helpful. There is a play area for your unruly children. Please bring them there and don't let them squirm in their seats. Great park. Would go back, but only if the Yankees met the Pirates in the World Series.
4	Came to see a couple games of the Milwaukee series. If I wasn't a huge Brewers fan I would definitely cheer on the Pirates. Great fan base and loyal as all hell. Was in love with the park on TV.... In person was sooooo much better. Beautiful views and amazing facility. Easy to get to and park. Wish there were more bar options around the park but oh well. We sat in the outfield the first night and had some colorful characters sitting near and next to us.... Everyone was super friendly and accepting (even though we were the opposing team and my boyfriend was wearing a Braun jersey).Second night sat behind home and another great view. Again, really friendly and passionate fans. Perogies were amazing and we are now fans of IC light beer.... Would return without a doubt! Great fans, great team, and awesome park!
5	A truly beautiful ballpark! One of, if not, the most beautiful MLB ballparks. All baseball fans should make sure they see a ballgame at PNC. The food is delicious at the concessions and all the staff I dealt with we're very friendly and courteous. I recommend taking a tour of PNC Park which let's you see more spectacular views from parts of the stadium you wouldn't be able to see with just a ticket to a game.
5	Best Ballpark in MLB!  This is a can't miss ballpark. Ticket prices are fair and the view and environment is fantastic. I have been to about 30 different MLB stadiums and this is one of my favorites. Be sure to visit all the statues around the stadium!
5	The architect/designers of this ballpark obviously love baseball.  They get it.   When I walk into a ballpark, I want to feel like I'm in a ball park.  PNC Park feels like baseball. As usual I grade ball parks on 4 categories: Architecture, food/beer, fan base, and somethign called other.Architecture:  The park is gorgeous. Everything about it. The view from home plate is the city skyline complete with Clemente bridge.  Second to none amongst my 15 ball parks visited.  Pittsburgh understands the old adage "location, location, location". Food/Beer: Manny's bbq was a solid choice.  They have burgers and pulled pork sliders that are quiet good.  The guy has the charcoal grill going right in front of you so you know it's the real deal.  Pirmanti Bros is also here but they aren't quite as hot as the restaurant itself still good though.  Beer selctions seemed decent enough but when I am in this part of the world, it's all about Yuengling since I can't get that at home.  Seemed to be more canned beers than I am use to seeing though still plenty of draft.  Large Yuengling 8.00Fan Base: Very Good.  They get here early, they all have their black and gold on and they stay for the entire game.  Real fans.  Much love.  I also love that all of Pittsburgh teams have the same colors.  Why doesn't every city do this???Other:  There were statues out front of Clemente, Stargell and 1 commemorating Bill Mazeroski's walk off homer in the 1960 World Series. (look it up kids, one of the greatest moments in baseball history).  They also have some statues inside the stadium honoring the old Pittsburgh Gray's negro league team with Hall of Famers like Satchel Paige, Josh Gibson, Cool Papa Bell and a few others.  A great ball park in a very underrated city.  Well done Pittsburgh.
5	PNC is truly a beautiful park... although I haven't been to any other baseball field. I just enjoy how every seat has a great view of the field. I've sat on the 1st base line twice on the bottom level as well as once on the upper level. They were all good seats in my opinion. I think its also  great that you can see the city in the distance. I love it
4	Beautiful Park.  Not a Pirates fan, but I will definitely come back again because I like the ball park so much.  Being able to see the tall buildings in the outfield while watching the game was a great decision by the architects.  I ate before the game so I can't comment too much on the food.
5	I visited PNC park for the first time last week. I've only been to 3 MLB parks (Fenway, Target Field, and now PNC), but I can definitely say visiting PNC is a great experience. Tickets are way cheaper than those in Boston, mostly due to a lack of success for the Pirates over the past several years. Field-box seats only cost $39 for the most popular games!The entire right and center field faces the city of Pittsburg, which serves as a beautiful backdrop as the sunsets during evening games.Concessions were better than average, with gourmet burger shacks, delicious and huge buckets of buffalo wings, and a wide selection of beers. In addition to the ball park standards, Bud Light and Miller Light, select concession stands feature Yuengling, Corona, and craft beers.
4	Really nice, well maintained stadium. Budweiser bowtie bar is a cool place to hang out, where you can still get drinks after the 7th inning.
4	I'm not a Pittsburgh fan in anyway, but a friend gives me 4 tickets, first row behind the visiting team's dugout and a parking pass every year. So hey why not go? It's a beautiful ballpark, but I've been to a lot of different ballparks. The city skyline is so beautiful to see at night.  They Pittsburgh pirates are doing better and filling the park up. It's in a nice area of the city, where before or after there is something to do.Every ballpark is over priced in food and drinks.  Every ballpark has those rude fans that you just can't stand. Sorry Pittsburgh, I won't wear any Pittsburgh clothes, so I've been to Wrigley Field about 10 yrs ago and I had on my shirt for the Cubs game. Geez be rude to someone else, I'm really a Red Sox fan. But it's a beautiful ballpark. In the top 10, I guess... but I'd have to put Fenway,  Wrigley,  Camden Yards way before it. I love the older feel of them.
5	I am not a sports fan, but I am a PNC Park fan.  Here's my non-sports take:The seats are slightly turned towards home plate and very comfortable.  The view is, well, breathtaking--especially if you're a fan of the 'Burgh.  The parking is decent and plentiful.  The food options are rather limitless.It's a great place to spend a couple of days in the summer.
5	The best baseball stadium I have ever been to and I have lived in Chicago and Boston. Beautiful view of the city and love the fireworks. Not much more to be said it is just amazing!
5	Great ballpark with amazing views of the Pittsburgh skyline and rivers. They carried your typical ball game fare like burgers and hot dogs but also had a good selection of not so typical ball game foods e.g. Hot wings, gyros and gluten free options. For the craft beer fan they had numerous local PA beers on hand as well as a solid variety from around the region.
5	I'm not at all a Prates fan, but this stadium is top notch! The lines for food and beverage are overall much shorter than other ballparks. The workers are friendly and go above and beyond to make sure you're having a good time. An overall fun experience with spectacular views of the Pittsburgh skyline and rivers
5	We just got back from a weekend trip from the Burgh. The atmosphere here is awesome, the people of Pittsburgh are friendly and the food is great. The brow from inside the ballpark is great and it's even better at night with the sir rounding businesses lit up and night the ball park is a beautiful with the skyline in the background.PNC Park has great food as well as a great selection of local food also. This is a great ballpark to watch a game at any time.
5	The best there is. Simple as that. Period. Full Stop.
5	Great time at the game on the 4th of July!
5	Simply put it is the best stadium I have ever been to! The seats are comfy and point towards home plate, not a bad seat in the house. The view is breathtaking and unique. The fully city in the background. Food wise you can get whatever you want, even healthy options and they have a new restaurant bow tie which is great too. Baseball fan or not I would suggest anyone visiting Pittsburgh to check this out or to make a trip to the Burgh just to see it, it's worth it. Also, nice after or before a game to walk along the river, which is beautiful and see all the incredible bridges, water fountain. There are great restaurants, bars, live music & a WWII memorial to check out. Plenty of lovely hotels all around and parking is not bad at all. If a city wants an example of how to do it right look no further!
5	The stadium is beautiful. It has lots of places to get food/drinks, however you are at a baseball field so prices are kind of high. Most of the seats are facing the city, it's a very nice view. There are lots of things to do after the game that are within walking distance. They have fireworks often that are set off right on the Roberto Clemente bridge. You can get a really good price on parking if you are willing to walk across the bridge (it's not a bad walk at all).
5	I can't say enough about going to PNC Park for a Pirates game. It's awesome. Sitting in the upper deck of the stadium with the beautiful views of the river and bridges of the Burgh, it's just a must-do for a Pittsburgh resident. Further, I'm a huge baseball fan. And while the Pirates are not the best Pittsburgh sports team, I think I would rather go to a Pirates game even over a Steelers or Pens game. The stadium is really that beautiful, and the atmosphere is much more laid back (and sober) than a Steelers game. For me, going to the game was a perfect end to a great Independence Day weekend.
5	Wow. i mean really - wow. Fantastic views, not a bad seat in the house. Loved the Pittsburgh baseball club seating.  Food is typical 'burgh stuff - and lots of it! This is one of those partks you have to visit before you die. Hey, we lost and it still was a memorable experience. Playball!!
5	What a fantastic stadium! Pittsburgh is full of beautiful sights and this stadium over looks the rivers and offers a great view of the city.
5	One of my top three favorite ballparks.  I thoroughly enjoyed my visit here and it was fireworks night which is always awesome.
5	The best baseball park in major league baseball. At least that is what my father says and he has been to almost every stadium.It took me 13 years to get to the "new" stadium and it is still like brand new. Great vendors, comfortable seats, at reasonable major league prices, a fantastic view of the city, plenty of nearby parking, and friendly people.Even people rooting for the visiting team will feel comfortable and treated kindly.  That certainly can not be said for all MLB stadiums. I have nothing but good thing to say about PNC Park.
5	What a beautiful baseball field and the service of the food sellers were wonderful. The view of the "Steel City" from the stands were beautiful! The old man selling drinks welcomed us as we watched our Dodgers take on the Pirates.     The park was very well kept clean and parking wasn't a haste because the online site had a link to reserve a parking spot near the field! My experience as an "Away Fan" at the stadium was a home-run!
5	I've been to several MLB stadiums and this one is the best I've seen. The background skyline is beautiful, the parking is excellent and the stadium itself is a work of art.
5	As a Steelers & Penguins fan, but also a Dodgers fan, it is hard for me to say that the finest sports establishment in the city belongs to the Pittsburgh Pirates.  It is truly a magnificent place to watch a game.  There's not a bad seat in the house.  It has spectacular views of Downtown Pittsburgh.  For a big league park, it has fairly reasonable prices.  There are plenty of quality concessions.  The parking is decent and not terribly priced either.  The worst thing I can say about the park, besides how the Pirates have played in it most games (although it's been better of late), is the weather in Pittsburgh is always erratic.  You really never know what you're going to get, so I suggest buying tickets the day of the game.  That way, you'll know for sure whether you're going to get wet or not.  Even if you're not a Pirates fan, this is definitely a top notch place to watch a game!
5	While walking over the Roberto Clemente bridge , the view of the stadium is beautiful. When stepping off of the bridge your are met with a LARGE and beautiful statue of Roberto.  This is one of the most beautiful ballparks in the country. There are ticket prices to fit every budget , from $6.00 on up. Don't make a trip to Pittsburgh and not go here. You will have missed a true landmark and a diamond.
5	Great stadium to watch a ball game. The overall feel is small so there is not a bad seat in the house. Lots of things to do around the stadium and there seems to always be a good crowd in attendance. Tickets are reasonable so make sure you stop by.
5	Who doesn't love PNC park? I can't add much to the already spectacular reviews it already has. Now that the Pirates are a real baseball team again, you might even see them win a game here!The view of the city is so good from the grandstand that I prefer to sit up there because if you pay more for the better seats, baseball players get in the way of your view of the city. Unless you prefer to look at McCutchen's butt all day, in which case I'd recommend the outfield reserved section.And they have reasonably priced tickets, good food (not just the boring stadium stuff, they have Primanti's and BRGR and other such things), good beer (even craft beer!), and all around a great experience.Oh, and half priced beer in the bar after the game is over - it's a great way to kill time and wait for all the traffic to clear out so you don't have to fight the surge of people trying to get out of the city.
4	As a Cleveland fan, I will not say too much about this park. But my, is it pretty.
5	Love this park it is so beautiful and we'll maintained the concession stands are staffed with fast and friendly people and there is not a bad seat in the place the pirates organization really go all out to ensure your time spent there is a great one
5	Loved this park. Sat behind home plate, it was an incredible view. Plenty of concession options, great design, and very convenient if you're staying in Pittsburgh. A classic.
5	This ballpark is AMAZING! You don't have to be a Pirates fan to appreciate this stadium! I love how there are things to do before the game. The surrounding bars usually have Happy Hour specials on game days. There are also places to purchase ALL your Pittsburgh sports gear! Every detail of this ballpark was well thought out! It's just gorgeous! The city's skyline acts as a backdrop to this beautiful field! The staff are always so nice and welcoming! I've even worn the visiting team's colors and was still greeted warmly! I also felt safe when I was wearing the visiting team's colors... and that isn't always the case when you attend other parks! I have also sat in the "Lexus Club" a couple times (the behind home plate seats) and it was a great experience! When the gates open, you can eat catered food (it's included in your lexus club ticket) and you get access to a bathroom that's only available to the home plate seats! I've been to this stadium several times and every visit has been wonderful! Even if you're not a big baseball fan, you will still have a fantastic time! If you're ever in Pittsburgh, do yourself a favor and go to a game! You will not regret it! One last thing... LET'S GO BUCS! :-)
4	The last time I was in Pittsburgh for baseball was the late 90s at Three Rivers when I was a teenager. When I saw my Braves were going to be here in August, my brother and I planned a day trip down from Western NY. We were both very impressed with PNC Park and the surrounding area. We waited next to the right field gate before we could get in. There was a little fence with a concrete bench attachment across the access road we could sit in and enjoy the shade. Only waited about 3-4 minutes in line once the gates opened. They check bags, but you can bring one that is 16x16x8 in and you can bring up to a 24 oz disposable water bottle in for each person. Could get in 1.5 hours before and the Braves were about halfway through batting practice when we got there so we went to our seats to watch. I picked up tickets (dugout box) at box office price on StubHub in March, but people around us said they got tickets right from the Pirates website this week there too. The seats were very nice. Patted bottoms, wide enough that you weren't totally squished. I was lucky and no one sat the in the two seats next to me even. There was a nice attendant for the section that cleaned off the seats and welcomed us in. He did a good job making sure kids got foul/extra balls and getting autograph hawks out of the way before the game. Though I would have liked to see the whole park enforce not having people go to their seats during game play. I walked around some and they had many different choices for food but the lines were pretty long about 30-45 minutes before the game. Prices were typical for a ball park, though I think $4 for a bottle of water and $5 for a 20oz bottle of pop are excessive. $9 for a higher end milkshake, $5-9 for Dippin Dots, etc.  I was full from the early dinner we ate so I had a Lemon Chill cup. It was like 16oz and only $5.50, so I enjoyed it for like half of the game and it hit the spot. My brother got Nachos later with two cups of the cheese, jalapenos, and onions on it and an Iron City Beer. We parked at the W. General Robinson garage across the street and it was an easy in and out to get back on 279-N HOV lane and get out of downtown. I'd definitely look to come back to Pittsburgh and catch more games in the future.
5	I truly feel that this is one of the best, if not the best baseball park in the country.  Not only is the park itself beautiful from the inside out, it provides the beautiful view of the Pittsburgh skyline in the background.Food options: They have something for almost everyone. There's the normal baseball fare: Hot dogs, burgers, wings, popcorn, candy. You'll find restaurants like Quaker Steak, Chickie's & Pete's, BRGR, Primanti's and other Pittsburgh staples. There's also more specialty items: sushi by Nakama, gluten free hot dog, sandwich and salad options at Just4U, including Woodchuck Apple Cider on tap and Redbridge sorghum lager by the bottle. Get your seats in the Pittsburgh Baseball Club for a more luxurious experience with indoor leather couches and chairs to escape the heat, ice cream sundae bars and more specialty food and drink. There really isn't a bad spot in the stadium. Enjoy the game!
4	I think the best thing about this place is the scenic view of downtown.  A+ marks for location and orientation."Large" draft beers were $8.00, which is reasonable for a ballpark.  Iron City seems to be the beer of choice.  From an outside perspective, most of the fans were quite friendly with the exception of a group of partially parented 11 year-olds that sat behind us.It's a nice looking stadium, but from an architectural perspective I have some notes for improvement:#1  The giant black iron circulation tower in left field.  Looks great; seems like a huge waste of space that could be more seats.  I guess this is acceptable if your games are not often sell-outs, but it seems odd that this place seats about 7000 less than Great American.#2  Green box in center field with a hedge that spells Pirates.  You couldn't think of anything better?#3  We sat in the bleachers between center and left field.  It was extremely hard to get in and out of the seats.  Tight space and only one exit stair per section which led to either the left or right depending on the section when it could easily go both directions.The stairs led towards the interior in our section, but then you'd have to turn back towards the exterior of the section back past the stairs through a passage way that was less than 6 foot wide to get back to restrooms and concessions.  The way through the center was inexplicably fenced off.  This means a lot of people from our section would come down the stairs and turn into the fenced off section, only to realize they were trapped and have to turn back the other direction.  A simple fix would be to take down the little fences that prevent circulation.Other than that, great park, good times, wish the Reds would have won, but at least it was a good game!
4	Really nice ballpark well-situated in downtown Pittsburgh. I've been to a lot of great parks - Tropicana Field, The Astrodome, Riverfront Stadium ... okay, I'm kidding, those are notoriously bad places to see a game. No, PNC Park is a great ballpark and delivers everything you could ask for for a good time at a game. Good sight lines? Check. Nice view of the city? Check. Good food? Check, sorta. Cheap? Check. Good community spirit? Check. Just all in all a great way to spend a day in Pittsburgh and get a sense of the civic pride there, which is impressive. I'm only giving this four stars because it's identified with a bank!
5	Extremely wheelchair friendly, including numerous family restrooms and a wonderful staff.
5	My favorite ballpark!  Situated on the North Shore across the Allegheny River from Downtown Pittsburgh, it is your basic modern retro-style ballpark, meaning that it's design and layout is unique from other ballparks.  The dimensions are small, which gives it a cozy and intimate feel.  It also means that there is not a bad seat in the house, even at the 300 level.  The views of the city from the ballpark are absolutely breathtaking!  The skyline serves as the backdrop as you look out onto the field from home plate.  If you are sitting higher up, you get great views of the river, as well as the Gateway Clipper Fleet, and many other boats floating along.  A number of the beautiful bridges that span the river are highlighted, as well.In addition to being visually stunning and ascetically pleasing, the ballpark offers the best in convenience.  Unlike most ballparks, no matter where your seats are, you are always close to the bathrooms, concessions, and merchandise.  In most ballparks, especially if you are sitting in the upper decks, you might have a long walk to use the bathroom, or get food or beer.  This place has them all over the place, so, even in the 300 level, they are not far away.  And with so many of them, you never seem to have a long wait in line for food or bathroom.As far as the concessions go, this place is second to none.  For both food and beer, there is a plethora of options, anywhere from the typical ballpark fare to some local favorites.  When it comes to beer, you can enjoy a variety of craft beers, the standard products from Anheuser-Busch or Miller, or the local favorite, Iron City.  Food options, too, include the typical hot dogs and soft pretzels.  But the highlight of the concessions are the many local favorites, including Primanti Brothers for giant sandwiches with meat, cheese, fries, cole slaw, and tomato all on Italian bread, Quaker Steak and Lube for wings and things, and my favorite, the Potato Patch, which, as anyone who has been to Kennywood Park knows, has the greatest fries in the world.  My favorite are the Chili Cheese Fries, but the Buffalo Chicken Finger Fries seemed to be the top seller.Another plus about PNC Park is that right now, the Pirates are pretty good.  So, the actual product, baseball, that is on the field, is really enjoyable, as well.  It is always great fun for fans to come root, root, root for the Pirates!  And since they are doing well, there is usually a good crowd on hand, if not a sellout crowd.  And when this place is full, it absolutely rocks!  They say that when you play against Pittsburgh, you play against the whole city, and that is 100% true.  Last year (2013), the Buccos made the playoffs for the first time in 20 years, and the first time since PNC Park opened in 2001.  Every seat in the house was filled for the playoffs, and 5,000 people watched and cheered on the Bucs from the Roberto Clemente Bridge!As with any ballpark in a major city, while a location near Downtown provides plenty to do around the ballpark and breathtaking views, it does create challenges with parking and getting to and from the game.  While this can be a challenge in any city, Pittsburgh offers a wide variety of options for parking and getting to and from games.  You can try and park on the Northside, closest to the ballpark.  You can park Downtown and take a shuttle, or on a nice day, walk, to the game.  My personal favorite is to park at Station Square on the Southside, across the Monongahela River from Downtown, and take the Gateway Clipper Fleet, which offers a river cruise ferry/shuttle service to the ballpark, starting two hours before the game up until game time, and from the ballpark starting at the top of the 8th inning until 30 minutes after the game ends.PNC Park offers a wonderful, fun-filled day of watching great baseball, eating great food, and just having a great time with family and/or friends, in a great city.  Whether you are a Pirates fan or not, or even if you're not a baseball fan, go check out a game.  Tickets are very reasonable (I got one in the 300 level for $6 off of Stub Hub).  You will be glad that you did!
5	I have been to this stadium a couple times to watch a game and both times I had bought tickets for the upper deck facing the plate.  I love this level because it's a great perspective to see the entire park as well as the Pittsburgh skyline in the background.  As far as stadiums I've been to and the entire package, this is it.One year I had come to watch a game here and it was Neil Walker bobblehead day.  I had no idea the traffic was going to be so bad getting in and just trying to find parking.  I ended up parking near Ft. Duquesne and 8th near the Goodyear mind you I was lucky to find the spot I did because the area was just jammed right up.  On the Clemente bridge there was an elderly gentleman selling bags of homemade roasted peanuts for 2 bucks a bag.  He claimed they were the best and he was right.  PNC park is a step back and a step forward at the same time.  What I mean by that is Three Rivers stadium was a multipurpose stadium.  Pittsburgh had one, Cincinnati had one, San Francisco had one etc.  Now for me it's better to have a stadium dedicated to the sport it's intended for... no more of this multipurpose facility business (like Rogers Centre or O.Co Coliseum).  PNC looks like a baseball park and is made for baseball all the way.  The seating faces the field the way it should.  The grass doesn't get changed because they need to make lines for football etc.  Overall I love this park for all the little things such as the circular ramp or the Pirates hedge in center field.  The most beautiful thing is the city in the background.  You don't get that type of view even in other parks because there is no "space" between buildings and park.  Here in Pittsburgh though you have that.  You have the space because of the Allegheny river.  You get so see buildings of Pittsburgh that aren't just boxes without character.  From the 5th Avenue Place to PPG Place to Gulf Tower to the William Penn you get a variety of buildings and the bridges too.The last time I was there there was a fireworks show that was done from the Clemente Bridge which is why they closed it off after the game.  That was a great show.Here's a youtube link to the video:  http://youtu.be/RNVtVK1e0sA
5	I will be showing my bias here, giving out my first 5 star rating but PNC Park is AWESOME! There doesn't seem to be a bad seat in the house, the park is especially clean, ambiance is unbelievable, and the food/drink offerings are plentiful. PNC is located in downtown Pittsburgh, the the scenery is awesome around the whole park, you see downtowns skyscrapers, the yellow bridges, and the river. You can't get more scenic then PNC. The food and drink offerings are huge, from the basic hot dog all the way to crab fries, bbq, perogies and deli sandwich. If your from Chicago, pass on the hot dog, you will be disappointed! The beverages were plentiful, I'm a beer drinker and the selection was great. I did luck out and miss the pumpkin head beer, they had to tap a new keg and I didn't want to miss more of the game.,I had to settle for the I.C. light Mango, which was very good. The perogies with sour cream were good, they were Mrs. T's but still hit the spot. If your a baseball fan you just visit PNC!
5	Beautiful ballpark on the river downtown. We parked at Station square and took the Gateway Clipper to the park which was both convenient and fun. There were fireworks the night we went and the view from the top deck of the Clipper was fantastic!The food selection on the Main level was the best of any ballpark I've been to with a wide variety of local restaurants and foods represented.
5	calling it the best ball park in America is a total understatement, its the greatest ever. not a bad seat there. Pittsburgh has been very lucky, we hit home runs with PNC & Console but of course Heinz Field is a turkey. As Meat Loaf would say 2 out of 3 ain't bad!!!!
4	Everyone is correct at calling this one of the most beautiful Parks in Baseball. I have only been to half of the active Parks but this one definitely has one of the better views I have seen overlooking the Clemente Bridge with the river and the beautiful Skyline of Pittsburgh (I am still surprised at how beautiful that city is). It is of course a newer Park so it is fresh and looks up to date, very nice two story team store and plenty of food/beverage options to quench your cravings from Pittsburgh legendary restaurants such as Primanti Bothers to the average baseball stadium cuisine of Hot Dogs/Burgers. We got the Buffalo Chicken Strips which tasted average at best with more of a generic spice taste which I did not appreciate in any way and my boyfriend got the Pizza which was what you'd expect for baseball stadium pizza. They had a wide selection of beverages and great collector cups if you are into that, the Soda collectors cup came with one free refill which isn't found at most stadiums and the prices on all were just under average. The ticket prices were about under market value for most other stadiums I thought as well which was great considering the Pirates are a playoff contender team these days even though the Stadium is a little smaller than most. We had field level seats, the staff took very good care of us in our section and the fans around were very respectful. Great view of the entire game and a few players even stopped by our section before the game signing autographs for the kids in front. The biggest down side to the stadium was their "RiverWalk" which I was very disappointed in. The riverwalk is just behind the stadium where you enter through the Clemente gate that opens earlier than the other stadium gates (about a half-hour earlier I believe) but you still can't enter the stadium itself. It's a neat idea and I have seen other stadiums do similar things however PNC Park doesn't have any activities to do there. It was basically you enter early then stand around until the stadium opens which I found to be very boring. Also, while we stood around, we decided to overlook the river and we noticed little red bugs all over (almost like bed bugs). Overall, it was a very good fan experience with great Buc fans, clean venue and great seating. I would definitely go back for another game if I was in the area however I wouldn't go out of my way just for the stadium.
5	Have to say on my baseball stadium tour this was a jewel of a stadium.The walk across the bridge to the stadium was pretty cool with the stadium right next to the water.We had excellent seats for a game against the cardinals .We spent about 30 bucks for our seats one row from the field.There werent many fans at the game since we were told by the locals not a baseball town.As a baseball fan I had a great time at the park and plan catching some more games at pnc in the future.
5	Update: The team no longer sucks! Come out to the ball game and have a great time!!
5	I make the 5 and a half hour drive to Pittsburgh a couple of time a year to see the Pirates Play.  If there is a better ballpark in the Major Leagues I haven't found it.  This is a beautiful park situated on the North Shore.  We usually park in one of the Parking Garages on Fort Duquesne Blvd. and walk across the Roberto Clemente (6th Street) Bridge. Parking rates vary between $10-20. Its a beautiful walk across the bridge to the Park and entry is usually quick.  We often arrive early and have to stop at Manny's BBQ, which is great, but that's another review. There is not a bad seat in the house and the ushers are friendly and make you feel at home whether you are a season ticket holder or just an occasional guest.  Ticket prices at PNC are some to the best in Baseball. The Pirates work hard to keep ticket prices low in an effort to maintain a family venue. They have succeeded as evidence by the large number of families that are able to afford a fun night at the ole ballpark.  Concessions prices are also reasonable, with a wide variety of food and beverages. I always enjoy my visits to PNC and look forward to the 2015 season.
5	I'm not sure I can add too much to the reviews already published, but it is such a great park. I don't think there is a bad seat in the park, which is saying something. The upper decks feel close to the field without being incredibly steep (I'm looking at you, US Cellular Field). The beer options are terrific (I believe PNC was ranked #5 in the nation in terms of beer selection), and the food selection is also quite nice. There are even gluten-free options in the park. Everyone we have dealt with who works there have been very friendly and helpful. Here are two recommendations for you:- Park downtown (ideally at the garage at Ft. Duquesne and 6th Street) and walk across the Clemente Bridge. Relatively easy to get in and out, plus you have some terrific views of the park and city.- If you have kids, join the Bucaroos Kid's Club Gold membership. For ~$25. You get 4 free tickets and 4 BOGOs. The tickets can be used by ANYONE, not just kids, so you can save even further on games. Plus if your son or daughter gets their membership card scanned 6 times, they get another 4 free tickets. The benefits have gotten a little worse since 2013, but it still offers some good deals.
5	Not sure why I am even bothering to write a review. 300+ Yelpers have already beaten me to it but I like to read my own words almost as much as I like the sound of my own voice so here goes.ESPN, Sports Illustrated, and a cornucopia of other publication's can't be (and aren't) wrong when they say PNC is the best park ion the country. In a field where contention and argumentation is not only normal, but necessary, when all the talking heads collaborate, you listen. (Sorry, I had to)First thing first, the view. There is not a better, more breathtaking view in any park in all of MLB. The Clemente and Warhol bridges traverse the background, as well as an amazing view of all the wonderful and unique architecture downtown has to offer. I always tell my out of town friends that the Highmark building is saying the Bucs are number one (or flipping the bird to the away team).The food at PNC is top notch too. MLB is moving away from plain dogs, peanuts, and Crackerjacks as the palates of the average American get more and more sophisticated. The food at PNC is so good I always end up spending and eating Way-hay-hay-hay more than I ever intended. For me it ceases to be the 7th inning stretch and more like the 7th inning redistribute-the-food-baby. Also, for 40 bucks you can sit in the outfield and eat all the traditional ballpark grub you can cram down your throat.All the staff at PNC are very nice. They have no reason not to be. Even when the Bucs are losing, everyone is polite, friendly, and energetic.Price wise, you cannot beat PNC Park. I took some friends from New Jersey once. As soon as they figured out that that fresh smell was what air is SUPPOSED to smell like, they had a spit take looking at the money we were spending. Great seats, parking, and a round of beers for 5 guys was about 200 bucks. One of my friends told me that wouldn't cover parking at his beloved Yankee Stadium.To sum up, I think we all know what PNC is about. The Bucs have given us a true gem on the North Shore. The view is amazing,  the food has gotten extremely good, and the price is more than acceptable. As much as it pains me to say I almost hope they start being terrible again so we don't see a ridiculous increase in prices.
