5	This place is an awesome concept!  For a low monthly subscription (I believe $49) I get weekly adjustments.  The average cost is $12.50 which is cheaper than the co-pay I had back when I had awesome health insurance.This is a walk-in clinic and allows for immediate help when pain develops.  The place is clean, staff is friendly and the DC's seem to be pretty good at their art.I highly recommend The Joint and use their services regularly!
5	My boyfriend was having back trouble one day. He came across their website & wanted to try it out.  I went with him out of curiosity to find out more about the place. To my amazement I saw how great the care & friendly service was. I said to myself, "I'd be a fool if didn't come here."   I have anxiety to the point where I'm ALWAYS tense in my shoulders & neck.  He worked all the kinks out, you feel refreshed when you leave. I would recommend this to anyone that needs an adjustment.
1	Do not go.  I was sick and canceled my membership and was still charged for two months. I had better results from a real chiropractors office.  After canceling due to being sick they treated me like you should never treat a customer.  I tried it because it was close to home, what a mistake.
5	Fabulous chiropractors at this location!  I was in great distress before arriving for my first visit.  I left feeling fabulous, and I'm still feeling great!  And, the times and location are perfect for me!  You don't often find a chiropractor who works on the weekends!
1	I went here because it was open on Sunday, and most chiropractors are not.  I was leaving on a plane trip in the evening, so I wouldn't be around to see my regular chiropractor the next day.  I've had a very focal sharp pain by my right shoulder.  It was a subluxed rib.  I know this, because I've had one before.  I'm also a medical professional.  But I could not perform the maneuvers I required to replace it by myself.I gave Dr. Heath the whole story, and I built up hope that he would focus on it.  Instead, what he did was a routine standard spinal and neck maintenance maneuvers.  He didn't do any maneuvers that corrected my specific rib issue  (or tried to), which is the only reason I went.  I left in the same pain (scale 8/10) that I had when I walked in there.He got my $29.99 for the Walk-In option,  but I won't be returning.
5	I pay about 80 bucks a month for me and my wife and I ordered the service for 3 months and it's awesome..you get 4 adjustments a month and it comes out to $10 per visit.now a days going to a chiropractor it's expensive but with this having no insurance it's still cheaper..my deductible with my health insurance is $80 bucks..thank you guys
5	Very helpful and very comfortable environment. I was a first time patient and I've never been adjusted before. They were very informative and professional. I felt no discomfort during the session and walked out feeling golden. I would definitely recommend The Joint to my friends and family. Truly a great experience and I'm looking forward to going back. 5 stars
4	Awesome! If you want a no-bs quick fix for a stiff back this is the place to go! Chiropractor was very knowledgeable. She evaluated my problems and treated them promptly. Cheaper than my insurance. Only gave minus a star because I waited for about 45 mins.
5	My wife and I come to this location on a weekly basis and always receive great adjustments from Dr. Light. We highly recommend to anyone who needs professional, fast and convenient chiropractic care.
5	Oh what a feeling. I will admit at first I was skeptical. Not your typical dr office. The poor guy before me screaming with every adjustment. You only hope he is a cry baby. But when they get back to the table. They lay you out and get started checking all my pressure points. Omg. She nailed every one of them. She found 2 I didn't know existed. She gave me great advise on proper stretching techniques. Lower back exercises. It was my first visit here so the forms had to be filled out. After that they had me on a table in less then 10 mins. The doctor explained everything so well. The young lady at the reception desk was very good about explaining plans and cost. I will say I'm surprised that there was not a hard sale on the "best plan". They listen to what my thoughts were and found the plan to suit my needs. I love it!  No hard sell. No insurance forms. No appointment. No commitment. No bull. Just friendly helpful people with an honest interest in my Heath. I'll see them again this Friday. More to follow. :)
5	Second time to The Joint office but first time to the one here in Vegas. Our chiropractor was Dr Jordon Miyamoto and she was great!! Very strong but not too rough.
5	Walked in no appointment filled out the first time visit paper work then got my adjustment. $19 for first timers includes consultation and adjustment very reasonable monthy deals available $59 or $49 for 4 visits.Left feeling a lot better then when I arrived ive been to other chiropractors here they take their time and find out what the problem is and go about fixing you up.
5	Awesome concept! I love getting an adjustment for like $20 without having to do all the expensive chiropractic  BS like xrays and muscle stim. I once paid like $300 for an "exam", adjustment, and ice from another chiropractor...NEVER AGAIN! Just align my shizz and I'll be on my way, happy and healthy! YAY JOINT!!
5	Wow amazing! They are so carefull with all the details, i went in with cracked ribs and horrible back pain and was back on track in no time! Dr. David is amazing! The packages they have nobody can beat something like that! Thank you!
5	Went in for a quick adjustment for my husband. Quick, easy, and convenient. Dr Light was very informative. My husband said he felt a lot better. Would definitely recommend!
5	Came in barely able to stand up and like twenty mins later Dr Light had helped me on my way, very friendly staff and amazingly affordable. I love that there is no appointments required and that they offer a monthly package to keep you feeling your best. I'm a Joint customer for life!! Now 3weeks into my treatments I can definitely say I'm almost at 100%, and 4treatments a month for $50 is one hell of a deal!! THANK YOU TO THE STAFF AND DR'S AT THE JOINT!!
