5	Really yummy...Service was good.Food was great... The Tortillas are made fresh & are so good.You gotta try a quesadilla.....mmmmm
3	Came here for lunch in the recent past.  Chips were pretty average, but salsa was very good (good consistency/texture and pretty spicy) and bean dip served with chips was also very good.Ordered the gordita chicharron prensado (sp?) which was very good - fried bread was excellent, fillings were good, if not a little heavy on the onion, and some tacos and other items, which were pretty conventional.  A little pricey at $3.99 for what amounts to a fairly small sandwich sized item.Only issue was they were very short staffed (I assume the dining room staff were the Owners), so no greeting when we walked in (we assumed we just pick our table, which we did, not much of an issue there in a pretty large dining area), but it took 20 minutes to get a drink order in, chips/salsa/bean dip, and menus, and took 45 minutes to get our food after sitting down (about 30 minutes after sitting down to take our orders).  Service was slow, and not good for a weekday lunch.  This seemed to be the case for most customers, not just my group.All-in-all, good food, service needs some improvement.
4	I like this place.
5	Restaurant lives up to its name... If you've been craving mexican food like how its served by the street vendors and hole in the restaurants in Distrito Federal (hence the "DF"), this is the place to go! No, there isn't any lettuce on their tacos. Yes, their gorditas are stuffed with LOTS of meat. Portions look small, but don't be fooled because they are DENSE.Try the huaraches, 1 order comes with 2 and you choose either beans or cheese for filling. Topping is up to you, we had tlacoyos which are the huaraches topped with nopales (cactus). They're more flavorful stuffed with cheese than stuffed with beans. For people who like salvadorean food, they're "kinda" like pupusas.Please support this business! Who would of thought that a restaurant that airs a B-rated commercial TV ad in vegas could produce authentic Mexican food this yummy. For out of towners, it's worth the couple-of-miles drive off the strip :)
4	Great food. They closed there doors a few months ago though :(
