5	this store is NOW closed
5	Not closed! We were here recently. The thing is they can close earlier before the outdoor mall itself- do not know why this is the case but the security guard said that they are allowed to do that, because it takes time to put away all the fine jewelry pieces (not left out overnight in the glass display cases). We've purchased all of our wedding bands (3) here. I chose a simple, but still pretty, 12 diamond white gold wedding band to go along with my diamond white gold engagement ring (purchased from a private seller by my husband). My husband purchased his band here but he was in between sizes since he lost weight for our wedding (but it was the half-way point). So he still wears it on another finger. For the final band, he chose a tungsten band with a braided silver piece that went around the band. When it broke, they replaced it for free (it had been within a year's time and you can only do this through the manager). Many of the sales people are Asian. They are very helpful, courteous, and very nice BTW. The store has lots of pretty pieces- tanzanite, smokey quartz, chocolate diamonds, blue topaz, green garnet, just to name a few of the gems that caught my eye. I also noticed the watches. The diamond bands and engagement rings are against the wall (facing the store from the doors) and you will notice the stools. The watches are kitty corner from the cashier counter and the diamond rings. There is a small clearance section of jewelry but most of those pieces are hideous and gawdy (much like what you expect a grandmother or great-grandmother to wear). Also carries fine pearls. There are numerous locations in town, but we only really go here the most, and on a regular basis, at that.If you are on their mailing list, you will get coupons with a catalog, around the holidays (minimum purchase specified). Also, if you are a AAA member (show your AAA card at the Customer Service desk) or VIP Premium outlets member (online), you can save more money by using the Passport booklet (but I don't believe that you can use both promotions at the same time FYI).Worth looking at if you are at this outlet mall.
5	In 2007... My husband purchased my wedding band from this location. I'm a simple yet very particular person when it comes to such things. When I saw the design that I wanted, my husband paid for it and they re-sized the ring and it was ready within a week.Fast forward to 2008... My wedding band "some how" was no longer in my possession thanks to my husband, so he had to repurchase the same ring, got it re-sized and viola, my second wedding band.Fast forward to 2012... One of the diamonds in my ring fell out and I thought that it was because of the cleaner that I use for it but the guy behind the counter said that it's because of the fact that gold is a material that will always move and this will probably not be our last trip back. That being said, I was not comfortable buying my THIRD wedding band just for the same thing to happen again. We were told that all stones are covered for the life of the ring but what you pay for is the labor, which at this point was $50. He then offered us an extended warranty type thing for $43?! WTH, it's cheaper than the labor??? So, for less than the cost of the labor, we got a new stone placed back into the ring and we didn't have to pay for a whole new band.Great customer service, not trying to eye gouge you, friendly staff, nice selection.
2	Went shopping here on the way out of town after visiting Vegas, looking for a men's wedding band for my fiance.  Worked with Karen.  Found one we both liked, but when I asked for a certificate for the diamonds, she poo-poo'd me and said for the small diamonds like those in the ring, they didn't offer any certificates.  I thought this sounded odd, as I have other small diamonds with certificates, and maybe we should have stopped and left then, but we liked the ring.  So, she quoted us a price of $488 and we bought it.  The day after, I was surfing the net and found the SAME RING on the Ultra diamond website for $329!  I called and Karen's first response was 'there's nothing I can do."  I told her it seemed like it should be easy for them to credit my credit card for the difference, or we could always return it in CA.  She then spoke to someone else, and took my credit card information and said the manager, Larry, would credit my account.  It took a week, but they did end up refunding me the difference between the prices (so I gave them two stars instead of one).  Also, I noted on the original receipt, not only did they happily over-charge us for the ring, they added in a $50 'protection' plan.  They said that was 'free', but never mentioned it as an option we could decline, or offered to take it off the over-inflated price.  I can't say I recommend them, based on the above experiences.
