4	Really good food, quick, clean and many gluten free options! Highly recommend this place, would've given 5 stars if the staff was friendlier in talking to me about the GF options.
5	My husband and I were out and about with our two youngest when we happened upon this place. We decided to check it out. Wow! Am I glad we did.      I did the Build Your Own Bowl and had tofu, no carb option (twice the veggies), with the green curry sauce. The tofu is organic non-GMO and everything I ordered was vegetarian. It was incredible! Fresh veggies, perfectly grilled tofu, and the sauce was spicy and flavorful.    My husband ordered a spicy tuna roll and the cucumber salad. He was very happy with the flavors.   My son (22 months) had the kids teriyaki chicken with noodles. The kids get the option of having a cookie or mandarin oranges. My son had the oranges. It also comes with a drink. My infant daughter passed on the food. ;-)  It's a sit down/take out place. You order at a counter and they bring the food to you. The service is speedy and the prices are good.   We were able to eat a delicious, healthy meal for about $20 for all of us. In a country where fast food has become a staple in many people's diet, Tokyo Joe's is a breath of fresh air.    If you eat meat you're covered. Pescatarian? They have fish. Vegetarian?  No problem.     I will definitely be back!
5	This place is a breath of fresh air in a world dominated with high calorie low nutrition fast food options.The feel of the resturant was a very modern take with a traditional japanese twist. It was very inviting and relaxing. Big thumbs up on atmosphere. The place is designed to provide healthy, low calorie options. My wife ordered tofu with double vegetables instead of rice or noodles with a green curry sauce.  Has a sample, very tasty and fresh. I had the 8 piece spicy tuna roll and an order of cucumber salad. For the $1 the salad cost I was pleasantly suprised at the size and quality,  photo included. The roll was very good, on par with any standard sushi resturant. There are about 8 options on sushi so not bad for a "fast food" style resturant. A big perk was they offered 5 types of iced teas to choose from. I love tea and feel like most resturant offer it as a side thought to the cokes so big plus in my book. I am giving this place a solid 5 stars and will definatly return in the future. For less than $10 I got a cucumber salad, really tasty tuna roll and drink. Thank you for giving me an option to do healthy in a hurry Tokyo Joes.
4	Love this place. Have been here about half a dozen times in the last few weeks. GREAT alternative to fast food. Many healthy options and I love that you can customize your bowls and salads. Tokyo Joe's is like the Chipotle of Japanese food (in a good way!). I love that they put the sauces on the side and give you the option to do double veggies instead of rice or noodles. You can really be in control of the calories that you are consuming here. Sushi is pretty good. Not outstanding but good nonetheless . My favorites are the peanut skewers, crab cheese wonton roll, Yakitori bowl, Ichigo salad and the unsweetened pomegranate green tea. They advertise no MSG, all natural proteins, wild seafood, and organic produce where possible which makes this place even more appealing. Staff has always been friendly and helpful, and the restaurant is always clean and neat. Great option for a quick and healthy bite to eat.
4	What a great option when looking for a quick meal that's healthy and delicious. I plan on making this a regular stop. The chicken lettuce wraps were delicious, fresh and so healthy. I love the avocado and the cucumber salad and rice noodles that were part of this delicious mix.  I don't drink soft drinks (my weak attempt at being healthy) but they had several great choices of fresh brewed teas my favorite was raspberry Hibiscus sweetened with stevia, so wonderful. My husband had a rice bowl with spicy Dragon sauce; I think for the average person this would be spicy for us it was flavorful, but still good. All and all Tokyo Joe's had many choices and we can't wait to go back to try them all! Best of luck to this business in this new location!
5	Fresh tasty food your way. Liked everything we tried and service was great the person at the register was very helpful.  Totally coming back they have different specials everyday Monday is the sushi special
4	Tokyo Joes caught my eye even before it opened. It is located in a convenient shopping center in Ahwatukee right next to Sams club and other places I go to often. I was excited to see that a healthy "eat good, feel good" Asian restaurant was opening. My bf and I tried it yesterday and we were not disappointed. The modern decor inside was very appealing and their menu had me struggle on what to order because everything sounded so good. We went with the Yakitori bowl and upgraded to the "Big" size to share. We also ordered the Cali Tare Tare sushi roll and a drink which all came out to $20 even. Not bad. The taste is a little less flavorful than most typical asian dishes, probably due to the health factor, but adding chili powder or sriracha did the trick. We went around 4:40pm with not many other customers there so our food came out in less than 10 minutes. Super fresh and yummy. Will definitely come back to try more.
5	Love, love, love this place! Their food is fresh to order, healthy & delicious! I'm soo glad they opened up close to my house & are even offering discount cards for customers. I've tried their BYO Bowls & sushi. It's all amazing!
5	I have been to Tokyo Joe's twice, both times I enjoyed it.  The dining room was not busy, but it was clean and seemed like there was ample seating.We got the addict card in the mail, so one meal was free.  I ordered the build your own bowl with white chicken, teriyaki sauce, and veggies, and the boyfriend got the yakitori bowl.  While the bowls were very simple, they were also very good and you can tell that the ingredients are fresh.  We got ours to go, and they put the sauce on the side without asking, which is good in my opinion.  The second time, they had some sushi out to sample.  I sampled the Arizona roll, which was good but a bit spicy (because of the jalapeno).   They have a few different types of sushi rolls on their menu, all of which sound appetizing.  We also ordered the spring rolls with shrimp.  These were just OK in my book, I've definitely had better from vietnamese places.  I like that they have a sugar free option for sauce (stevi-yaki) and for all the tea lovers, they have like 5 different flavors to chose from.The service is excellent.  Everyone seemed to enjoy themselves and were friendly with the customers.I'll definitely be back for more!
3	Quick. Easy. Limited menu
4	For a fast Japanese type place this place was really good. This was my first time here and I had the basic teriyaki sauce with chicken (I know...how original and adventurous...).  The dish came with lots of vegetablesthat were done perfectly. I would definitely come back when I'm up for a fast but tasty meal!
4	Fast and friendly service. I went around noon on a Wednesday and the line went by faster than the Chipotle nearby. I got the Yakitori bowl and it was delicious! Chicken, mixed veggies, ramen noodles, and Yakitori sauce. Price wasn't too bad---about $8 or $9 for a meal. A great place to have a fast and yummy lunch.
1	A bunch of people from my office were ordering it, so I decided to partake. I had an udon noodle bowl with green curry. Very, very mediocre food. I don't understand how that can be called curry. Their noodles were extremely watery.  I would not recommend their food if you're looking for taste.
4	First time here, looking for healthy asain food. Got the Mahi salad was very fresh with a nice combination of flavors and texture. Would recommend as a alternative to traditional Chinese food.
4	If high quality, healthy food at affordable prices is what you're looking for look no further.  This is a nice addition to Arizona as it combines all of the things you love about Chipotle (fast service, streamlined menu, quality ingredients) with what you love about asian cuisine (ramen, sushi).  The value is great as they have monthly specials which currently include a $9 combo of a big bowl of ramen, half a sushi roll, and a drink.  When you join their online club you'll get additional specials like free starters or BOGO meals on specified days.  The food itself is very tasty and the sushi was better than I expected with some interesting roll creations.  They're definitely still working out the kinks of a new staff but the management has been very good each time I've been.  On my last visit the manager came over and apologized profusely for us waiting a long time for our food and made things right.  It might have been the difference between us coming back or not and she did a great job.  If you're looking for a quick lunch or dinner and haven't been here yet, definitely give it a shot.
5	Tried this place today after some co-workers recommended it. The food was amazing, service impeccable, and the store was sparkling clean. I think I have found my new favorite lunch spot!
4	Healthy food at an affordable price. Ramen is decent. Had to add some sriracha, soy sauce, and spicy powder to give it more of a kick. No complaints though. Fast and friendly service.
2	So I waited to try this place out, because I wanted to experience it once the kinks were worked out. My boyfriend & I went there for the 1st time last night- we both opted for the build your own bowls. I order a regular size 1/2 chicken, 1/2 steak, with all the veggies, udon noodles, & a spicy peanut sauce. I also ordered a side of spring rolls.I was very disappointed with the quality of the meat in my bowl. I asked for all white chicken & I received both dark & light. The steak, & I hate saying this, was something I should have fed to my dog. The veggies were cooked well, still had some crunch to them. However the onions on the bowl were raw. The sauce did not taste spicy or like peanuts. The noodles were very watery. The spring rolls however were very good! Overall for $14.00, it was not worth it. The quality, & taste was just not good. I should have went to Zoe's or Chipotle, but next time I know that if I am looking for a better, casual dinning option for dinner, I will go else where.It is a shame, because I really wanted to like this place & was excited to try it, because it had good Yelp reviews.
5	This has become a family favorite. Food is healthy, fast and delicious. Variety of choices between sushi, rice bowls and salads. Our favorite rice bowl is Mojo which has chicken, pineapple, egg, carrots. If you are looking for something spicy, I liked the green curry shrimp bowl. However you can make your own rice bowl combos too.If you like iced teas there are quite a selection to choose from. Staff is very friendly and helpful.
3	This opened across the street from where I work, so I go here from time to time. I've only had a few menu items so the star rating is lower for now, and will most likely change as I try more things. The stress here is fast, healthy food, not so much on authenticity, so if you want more authentic, traditional Japanese food, this isn't where you'll find it.I like that it's a healthier option, as I am cleaning up my eating habits(bye McDonald's!). Good prices too, and I like that you can get half orders of their sushi if you're peckish but not starving(4 piece or 8 piece are their options). Prices are reasonable too. To Go orders are made quickly, and all food is made when you order it so it is hot and fresh. I've been eating the sushi, I haven't ordered a bowl yet. The Arizona roll is a bit bland. It has a LOT of heat, but not much flavor overall. I ordered it twice and both times I wished I had a salt shaker with me(I ordered it to go and took it back to work with me). The Crab Rangoon roll is good(my current go-to), just a little on the messy side. :P I've had the nigiri once and it wasn't bad, but it wasn't outstanding either. The rice is cooked well, with a good consistency. If you're a Coke fan you'll be disappointed, they serve Pepsi products here. They do have a decent selection of beer. Four Peaks fans will be happy, as they have 8th St. Ale and Peach Ale in their arsenal, and I believe I saw bottles of Kiltlifter the last time I was there. Customer service is great! They are friendly and polite, and I REALLY like that they are welcoming but are more low key, and less hyper cheerful(Chipotle, I'm looking at you). It's a very clean, quiet, chill place to eat, which makes it a great place to study or get some work done.
4	Pretty tasty asian fair. Ate here twice and enjoyed it each time. Will be back whenever I have a taste for noodles or a rice bowl.
4	Gluten-Free fast food! Good quality and good price. I love having a quick, tasty option.
3	1st review of the new year! Tokyo Joe's concept is great. Fast, fresh, and healthier than other fast food restaurants, they offer Asian style entrees such as rice bowls, noodle soups, and sushi. In addition to preset menu items, you can create your own bowl with a plethora of options.I opted for the green curry shrimp bowl. It was made in a fairly speedy amount of time, with nicely cooked skewered shrimp. There were a lot of fresh vegetables to go with the shrimp, as well as a generous mound of rice underneath the protein and vegetables. While the vegetables and shrimp themselves tasted OK, I wasn't a big fan of the actual sauce. It tasted too one-dimensional to me, with too much of a sour taste. There is a self serve soda fountain with a great selection of iced teas on the side as well. Overall, a decent place to dine. I probably won't get the green curry again, but I'd be willing to try other items that they have.
5	I don't give out too many 5 stars, but Tokyo Joe's deserve it. Very delicious. Every item I tasted was delicious. Very fresh food, flavorful, and healthy. Also, prices are reasonable especially when considering the quality. Service was excellent as well.
