4	I've been wanting to try this place for a while. I had gotten a menu left on my door. Then when I saw that they are open till 2:00 AM on Fridays & Saturdays, I was so excited to actual have something open past 10:00 PM in this area. This establishment is .06 miles from my condo. I ordered a pizza and salad online, was charged a 'processing fee' of .49 cents, which isn't a big deal but kinda lame in this day and age of 'paying with plastic'. Also there is a $2.50 charge for delivery, which is the norm just about everywhere. It took almost an hour for my food to get here. They must be busy??  Pizza was really good, I will say, hot, cheesy.   Salad was good too. The delivery driver pounded on my door and didn't say 1 word to me, just handed me my food, I said thank you, he turned around and left. Is this the reason why there are no reviews on this place?  Hmmm, I wanted to give this place 5 stars but couldn't.   Food is a 5, customer service a -3, so I gave it a 4. Give this place a try, maybe pick up your pie, I know I will next time.
3	I have picked up orders twice from this location. Food is great. Customer service really stinks. The hung up on me by accident, no worries. No personality no thank you. I ordered a calzone it was delish but both times it was served with cold sauce to dip it in. Cold?I like the food and it is a great location. I hope they take a look at the team there to wake them up.
4	I came home tonight w coupons on my door.  I said what the hell.  Hot Wings crispy and pepporo pizza for $14.99 amazing. The only reason why not 5 Stars is delivery guy didn't have dried parm cheese. If u live at Pillars Scottsdale a must
1	Let me preface this by saying I love pizza and have tried hundreds if not thousands of different pizza places all over the US and Canada, and this is one of the worst pizza experiences I've ever had. The place is small and not very clean with almost every table being dirty, but that's forgivable. The cashier was not helpful at all, and often had to consult a menu when I asked what anything was. She got our order wrong and brought us the wrong food. The drinks tasted funny, a bit like dirty water, but they were still better than the water! Unfortunately, the pizza is even worse! The cheese was greasy, frozen, and clearly not pizza cheese, the sauce was bitter and had chili flakes in it, and the crust was burnt and tough. We also had a sub which was not good, either. The only good thing about this experience was the fact that it was empty and they have some TV's which you can watch whatever on. Anyway, all in all, avoid Gus's at all costs. There are plenty of other cheaper, cleaner, more delicious pizza places near by (check into TJ's Pizza down the street).
1	This pizza is horrible! I will never return to this pizza place! The whole restaurant is filthy, everything (the drinks and the food) has a funny taste and is clearly not fresh and is therefore, not delicious as it should be. The pizza looks like it's a frozen pizza from the grocery store and the cashier was less than helpful. I won't be returning here any time soon!
1	Oh My gosh, This has to be the worst pizza I have in 20 years. I tried the 4.99 deal to try the slices and I ordered a slice with sausage and one pepperoni, I was told only one topping for lunch special. I bought a drink from fountain, it had no ice and the pop tasted odd!  I decided to glance at the kitchen since no one was in pizza place at 12:30 (lunch ???), and saw the kitchen help put sausage on my pizza slice with no gloves on. Now what was this weird taste of this slice, Oh the dough was frozen and then baked, the sauce from a bag or can at best and the cheese was tasteless. I am not even mentioning the terrible meat. The place also had a weird smell coming through vents??  I hate Pizza Hut with a passion and I wished I had the pizza from Pizza Hut that use to occupy this location if I did it would been 100% better that what I had.
4	I've come here a handful of times, the $5.00 all you can pizza slices for lunch is a deal hard to beat, whatever toppings you want.  The slices are so big however, I've never been able to eat more than two.  There is large array of toppings to choose from, from the standard pepperoni, sausage, peppers, onions, mushrooms, to buffalo chicken & bbq pulled pork. All of which I thought were pretty damn good.  We have even ordered food from here for all whole office a couple times, with no complaints.
5	I live down the street where TJ's is actually allot closer but after trying this place I just can't go anywhere else. The pizza is authentic NY style the sauce is great vand the toppings fresh. The dough is excellent I love having that crisp but not burned crust definitely rates like the east coast. I get takeout at least twice a week from here and the chicken parmigiana sub is definitely a must have, tonight was the first time I tried it and I was extremely pleased with every piece. The bread was excellent toasted not burnt perfect amount of sauce not dripping everywhere and causing the bread to fall apart and the cheese was excellent as well. Thanks for the excellent food guys.
