5	Helpful experienced people will help you find specialty items you couldn't get at Home Depot.Like what? you ask?  For example, let's say you just bought new cabinets somewhere, and you stopped by Ikea to buy some good looking reasonably priced handles.  There is a good chance that the screws included will not be long enough to fit through your new cabinet doors.  Bring those handles into a big box store and ask for help - good luck!  But bring them into McFadden-Dale and say, "help me!" and they will find you some metric screws (M4's I believe) that are long enough for your cabinet doors.In fact, they told me it happens all the time.  I feel like an alien in this place, but not because they make me feel that way.  Everyone is helpful and knowledgeable, and won't treat you like the hardware-newb that you are.  Of course, if you know what you're talking about that's likely even better.Just don't look for any diet colas in their decades old soda machine, because they don't stock that kind of thing.  :)
5	Some small parts were needed for a repair I was doing out in the shop.  I tried Lowe's, Home Depot, Ace and a shop that was supposed to specialize in what I was looking for, with everyone telling me they didn't think I would be able to get what I needed.  Then someone suggested I try McFadden-Dale here.  These guys had my needed parts in stock ready to buy with no drama or even any searching!  Along with that, the staffer was friendly, the prices completely reasonable, and yes, they sell to the public.This is one great hardware store!  My shopping experience here was the polar opposite of the ONCE FOREVER I tried to shop at their nearby competitor, the horrible Granger store on Broadway!
5	This place is amazing, they have so many hard to find items.  I love the fastener section
4	This place is great. They truly have everything you need. If they don't have it, I bet they will get it for you real quick. I just started to go here, and the only reason was because the bolt I got from Ace Hardware was not correct when the lady even matched it up to the bolt I brought in. At McFadden-Dale you can tell that they want to truly help you get what you need.
