4	We received two vouchers as a gift for Ready to Nosh.  Per the instructions on the vouchers, we chose our date for the "tour."  On the scheduled date of our tour, we received a detailed email, telling us where to meet and at what time.  A few hours before the event, our tour guide called us to reconfirm.  It was a wonderful and memorable evening!  We all met (there were two other couples) at a downtown Phoenix restaurant for appetizers.  Then, we walked to a nearby restaurant for dinner and after that, we walked to another restaurant for dessert.  It was a great evening.  Our tour guide, Julie, was amazing:  she was so knowledgeable about the restaurants, the chefs, the downtown "scene," and she was a fun and delightful dinner companion.  What a great opportunity to dine at three restaurants, spend some time in downtown Phoenix and meet new people.  We loved the evening and recommend it.
1	Not a company to do business with ... From my experience !'
1	Was too excited about going on the dinner tour with this company. Unfortunately, we had our original reservation cancelled due to a low turn out. Once we rescheduled, I tried to contact the merchant to confirm & could not get a hold of them.  Their website disappeared, there was no phone number listed & my emails kept getting kicked back.  Currently, I am trying to get my refund from livingsocial....long story short SAVE YOUR TIME & MONEY!
1	If I could give "no stars" or 0.2 stars, I would. Please, if you come across this company, do NOT book anything with them. I have no idea what happened inside their company walls. In June, I was able to book a tour for October. I actually got an email from a real person confirming my booking. After requesting my work allow me to work an earlier shift so I could make the 5 p.m. tour on time, I arrived to the meeting place (Copper Blues) and nobody ever showed up. I asked employees at Copper Blues where a tour group might meet. They said they hadn't seen a group there in a long time and it had nothing to do with their restaurant so they couldn't offer contact information either. Now I see the Ready to Nosh website no longer works. I'm wondering if this was a scam and if they might resurface with another company name sometime. Even if their company collapsed, they should have had the decency to let future bookings know. It wasn't until yesterday I checked out the Yelp reviews and I see a few other people (a few too many!) had the same terrible experience. Comforting to know I wasn't the only one though I still feel like a doofus. The best I could get was a credit from Living Social, not an actual refund. Either way, I won't be doing Living Social anytime soon. They need to do more research about who they make deals with. I'm very soured by the whole Living Social/Groupon/whatever experience.
