3	A nice little cafe in the heart of downtown, right next to McGill University. This is pretty much the best/cheapest place to get a quality espresso in the downtown part of the city.Also, they have a pretty amazing lunch deal, $10.75 gets you 3 salads and a sandwich. Try it out!
3	Cute atmosphere in a convenient location. Definitely better than Starbucks but they seem to be using a dark roast espresso. The macchiato I had was ok but the foam could have been better. If you're in the area not a bad option. They have a good sandwich and snack selection on the upside.
4	It's spring break at McGill University and one of my professors and I decided to go work elsewhere to grab a bite. She suggested Cafe Castel. It was my first time. Very nice interior design, huge windows all around giving on Sherbrooke st. and Peel downtown Montreal, the cafe is part of the Best Western hotel. The most delicious chocolate nut croissant, it was my first time having it. Very nice latte. My only dislike is that they do not take credit card, debit only and with a minimum purchase of 6$. Staff friendly, place clean. Got a little loud around lunch to do work, but overall good experience.
3	Stopped in here today to get a bite to eat for lunch. Ordered a tuna sandwich and a drink which was not bad at all. It's a nice cozy little cafe to sit and converse with someone over coffee or lunch or sit and study or read for a few hours. The man behind the counter taking my order was a bit brash, slightly rude, but I didn't let it get to me. I'd definitely come back with a friend.
4	Good place to hang out with friends over coffee. Nice atmosphere and consistent coffee.Expensive food, go to Super Sandwich just across if you are hungry.
5	In terms of coffee-making, they know their stuff. I came here twice: by myself for a latte before class, and with a date for a macchiato. Their drinks never disappoint me in temperature and taste. The art on the macchiato was so adorable. I think they created a cat on my macchiato. The cat's face could still be seen after I drank all of the macchiato. I should have taken before and after photos. The light streaming in from not just the sides but from the top really makes the decor seem all that more antique and intimate. I love the rustic yellow wallpaper. Their decor pays tribute to the Italian name of this cafe. The cafe feels like a place you'd go to for some quick coffee upon arrival at an Italian airport. Decent prices too. Cost no more than $2.5 for a short macchiato. My date and I stayed 'til the closing time, and even then, the staff did not pressure us to leave instantly. They reminded us that they had to close, but told us to take our time. This is to be expected of from businesses that value their customers' satisfaction highly. Good for them.
4	Came here with my partner and the man behind the counter was delightful. Swift and polite. I ordered a cafe mocha while my partner ordered the cafe latte. Great prices especially since we got beautiful art on our beverages! I was pretty floored seeing how fast he made it. Its a cozy place with more seats in side back. I absolutely loved my mocha. Smooth and rich. The cafe latte was not as special to me or my partner. Definitely would come back again though. Especially since they have stamp cards :).
4	Great customer service. I wanted a drink that wasn't on the menu and they gladly accommodated my request. My husband ordered a croissant which was also good. My favorite aspect of this cafe is the ambiance. They have a sun roof and the walls are windows, allowing the light to flood in. Cute little two person tables, so romantic. Definitely a place you want to check out!
