5	I can't say enough about Rob and the team at Smart Automotive.  When you find a mechanic you can trust, you hold on tight, and in Rob, I have that.  I have several friends who take their cars to Smart and every once in a while we will honestly go on and on about how much we love taking our cars there.  It makes it a lot easier to pay for repairs when you know you're not getting ripped off.
1	I'm writing this review after not going to this place for a while.  But I thought about this place today because I just had a third mechanic today tell me that the catalytic converter was a total hack job.  It was an after market converter and not put on well at all.  And it wasn't really cheap where it makes sense that it was a horrible job.  I'd pass on this place, I moved on a while ago.
5	I cannot say enough good things about the team at Smart Auto - and I must admit; I'm embarrassed I haven't written a review yet even after years of fantastic service. First off, this is a local, family owned business and supporting the underdog has always been a priority to me. I remember my first visit to Smart Auto almost ten years ago when I took my very first car in and learned that the transmission was shot. As any 17 year old slaving away making only $5.15 an hour would do, I cried my eyes out at this news while Rob (owner) explained what would need to be done. He referred me to a transmission shop just down the street and made sure I was taken care of. Ever since this experience, I have been 100% paranoid about every noise, unusual vibration, etc. my vehicle makes, and Smart Auto has always been there to answer my questions and provide some "auto Zen" and peace of mind. I can't even list how many times I've brought my car in to Rob, worried that it would explode, and was reassured by his clear and concise explanation of exactly what was happening and IF anything needed to be done. The "IF" is emphasized for a reason - this guy does NOT participate in bullsh**, upselling or generally draining of one's bank account just for fun. He's an honest guy and does fantastic work. I've even called him from Hawaii (where I now live) with "super urgent" (my words, not his) questions regarding a wheel bearing - this guy deserves an award just for dealing with me. I would recommend him to absolutely anyone looking for a top notch, grade A mechanic.
5	I love this auto shop. The owners are friendly and honest. They have become like family. I definitely recommend this place. Got a second opinion from here. I'm so glad I came here instead.
5	My family and I have been bringing our vehicles to Smart Auto for many years and we've found Rob and his organization to be absolutely 100% trustworthy.  There repair work is phenomenal and always maintain excellent communication about the work they do and recommendations they have.I'd trust this business over any other repair shop or dealership in town.
