5	I have eaten at Full House Pizza several times and it is always great. I love that I can get any type of pizza here. I like thin crust, and my wife likes the Pan style. You can tell that they know what they are doing. They have a great selection from ribs to salad and sandwiches. I really like the Italian beef. It has great flavor and very lean. I love to support local businesses that have a quality product, give this place a try, you will not be sorry.
5	Thank You Full House Pizza!  After an excruciating 1 mile drive home (the amazing smell of the pizza was killing me), I got to dig into my first Full House Pizza.  This is the BEST pizza around and it is run by really cool people.  We ordered the deep dish and it was cooked to perfection (see photos).Let's keep these guys in business, order from them tonight!!!  If you are in the area, and you like Rosati's, you will love Full House, trust me!On a side note, don't pay any attention to Nate A.'s review.  It is his only review and who gets sick from pizza anyway, especially for 3 days!?!  I don't think so Nate A.!
5	Wow I must say I'm very excited about this place.   Today was the first time trying the deep dish pizza and it was excellent.   Loaded with cheese pepperoni and extra sauce.  Yum!  We will be back!
5	Had the Italian sausage sandwich with cheese, marinara and hot peppers. Big, filling and excellent. Can't wait to try the pizza. Will be back soon.
5	Had the sausage sandwich with cheese, hot peppers and marinara on Friday. Very filling and delicious. Came back for the Pizza on Sunday. Tried both thin crust and deep dish.  Both excellent. Full House is our new go to pizza place.
4	The pizza was good. The service was good. I got the thin crust pizza. It was cracker thin. The ingredients were good. I cant give it five stars though. It was just good.
2	Perhaps the lunch slices are different from the normal fare but this place just doesn't do it for me when it comes to pizza.  The crust was the biggest let down, grade-school cafeteria-esque.
5	Q: Who makes a really good Chicago style deep dish pizza here in the Valley besides (some) Rosati's? A: This place does!I ordered a deep dish to go - it smelled and looked so good, I ate a slice right there and took the rest home. It was absolutely delicious. He uses quality ingredients. It's not dissimilar to my good experiences with Rosati's, but it does have a fairly unique flavor profile. It somehow tastes a little more Chicago. I can't eat deep dish pizzas all the time without becoming a giant ball of lard, so this will have to be the occasional treat for me. I'm definitely coming here again though. I'll probably have to try their thin crust as well.
5	I wanted to try something new and decided to give this place a go. The pizza was delicious, I had a deep dish meat combo. The dining area was a good size and the staff was really nice. This is a great neighborhood pizza spot. I will be going here in the future!
5	First time here at full house pizza.  The deep dish special combo is a must!  It takes about 35 minutes to cook but well worth the wait.  The sauce is fantastic.  It has great flavor, so make sure to get a side of it to dip your crust in.  Highly recommend!
2	I'm definitely surprised by the positive reviews, I found this pizza terribly disappointing. The thin crust was chewy not crunchy, also partially burnt around the edges but mushy and undercooked in the middle. Unless you consider canned mushrooms tasty the ingredients were poor quality and very bland.  $16 for a medium pizza with veggies out of a can is ridiculous but I'm giving it 2 stars because the person behind the counter was polite.
4	Great pizza! Good variety in menu choices, good prices, and delicious pizzas. I would recommend to others for take out pizza.
1	Ordered a small pepperoni pizza 6/5/14. I always test out a new pizza joint with the pizza they cannot mess up, Pepperoni. It was on par with Peter Piper Pizza. Edible, but not impressive. They do not have a soda fountain, nor ice cubes. You drink out of a bottle or can. Got home, an hour later I was sitting on the ceramic throne...something was wrong with that pizza. Sorry, I will not ever be back.
4	I have had each of the three  types of pizza he has (stuffed,hand tossed, thin).  I liked them all.  My family liked the hand tossed best - the crust was incredible. The sauce is really good.  The owner is nice.  It would be great if this place would stay in business. The last two pizza places failed  but this one is different - more of a gourmet pizza than just going up against the big cheap chains..
4	First time here. Excellent pizza. As others have mentioned, comparable to Rossati's. May have given it 5 stars but the crust was just a little under cooked. After 5 additional min in the oven at home, it was much better. The ingredients were all delicious but the crust was kind of bland. Will probably go with the thin crust next time. Service wise, the guy behind the counter, (not sure if he was the owner) seemed annoyed that we were there at first. (It was a slow time of the day). Once I started talking to him about the positive reviews on Yelp, he snapped out of it, and was much friendlier. Advice to ownership: invest on better marketing materials. The pizza pictures on the coupon fliers are generic and really don't  do your pizza justice. Your website wouldn't come up on a google search and when we found it, the hours of operation were wrong. Attention to detail is needed. I like to see "Mom and Pop" places succeed and will continue to support this place.
3	It's OK. For what it is, it's a little pricey. Pizza is decent but nothing spectacular. The salad I got was pretty uninspiring- hardly any veggies aside from iceberg lettuce and bottle dressing. Best thing I had was pasta dishes- those are quite good.
2	Decent, but I'm a pizza snob.  If I'm going to have pizza I'll go to a little more effort and drive up to Elliott and get Oregano's.  Thin pan are both excellent and their pan is as good as you'll get even if you were in Chicago.  Not as good as Lou Malnati's, but you definitely wont be disappointged
3	Tried this place for the first time tonight. We ordered their daily special Large Cheese and 12 baked wings for $19.95. I also tried out their Italian Beef sandwich. Since I only live 1/2 mile from this place the pizza was still way to hot to eat, so I started with a couple of wings. The wings were large sized, and meaty. I ordered the hot sauce which was not even warm to my taste buds, but I'm a chilihead. I gave them a few drops of good hot sauce and they were decent then, or at least as good as you can get baking them in the oven. They are a little healthier, but they don't have that good crispy skin.  Next up was the pizza. I only had a half a slice, and as cheese pizza goes it was decent. The hand tossed crust was good, but a little soft. The sauce was decent with a little bit of tang, and there was a good amount. There was plenty of cheese, and not to much grease. Ok now my hopes are up for the Italian beef, which came with peppers included a nice touch. The sandwich was loaded with meat and hot peppers, and it came with a cup of beef juice. The bread was good, but the meat had very little flavor.  The meat was very thinly sliced, which is the Chicago way, but when it is sliced that thin it does not hold well.  There was a different taste in the dipping juice. I think it was red wine vinegar, but I'm not certain. It was not overly salty, but it seemed to be missing the beef flavor.  Lobby's still has the best Italian Beef in the east valley.My wife only had the pizza. She's the one who like cheese pizza, I like them loaded. Her comment was that she still likes the costco deli pizza better. I think the costco stuff is just average at best. I may go back and try a loaded deep dish from this place. The pictures look good.
5	If you like garlic you will like Full House. Their Chicago style pizza is a little thin on materials, but thick on flavor.
4	Service: fast and friendlyFood: absolutely fabulousSeating and decor: not so much. If you're going for takeout or delivery, there isnt a better place, this pizza is amazing!
4	I'm a huge Chicago Style Deep Dish pizza lover. Having eaten it in Chicago and all over the country.With that said this place serves a very good pie and I highly recommend them. By the way in Chicago you'll get a buttery thick cornmeal crust, lots of garlic, chunky tomatoes. Just like at this place. Good stuff...
1	This place does not have good deep dish. The crust is funky tasting/smelling. I read other reviews that people got sick from it, and my girlfriend today woke up sick. I would definitely not eat this again.
4	Great pizza by the slice with Wisconsin mozzarella for $3.00... nearly ate the whole huge slice.  Definitely will be back!
