4	I have been in some crazy places, but me in a baby slash maternity store is kind of bonkers, especially since I don't have kids and I am not buying a baby gift. Hmmmm, how did I get here?  Well, we were wandering around East Blvd and we popped in this cute place. If you ever need a baby gift, they have baby t shirts and onsies with 'you had me at hello' 'I might barf', 'clowns to the right of me, jokers to the left' and 'been nowhere done nothing'.  They had pacifier clip on thingies, (so little careless babies won't loose their pacifiers and cry like little babies) that looked like candy necklaces.  The ladies working were also very nice to us, even though we looked very out of place.There are all kinds of breast feeding contraptions, bras and such for expectant moms.  You boys be careful out there, so you won't have to shop at these places.
4	Pregnant as a first time mom I found baby stores extremely overwhelming...especially the places with 500 different types of pacifiers on one wall.  The Milky Way is a nice break from the big box stores.  You'll find the owner at the register and very willing to help you sort through the merchandise, offering advice without pressuring you for a sale.  I even met her kids once--very sweet!If you're planning to cloth diaper this is a great place to get your supplies.  You'll find your basic prefolds & cute covers, the more sophisticated brands, as well as other products that make cloth diapering more convenient.For the majority of moms out there: Don't let me scare you with the cloth diaper comments if you're the queen of Pampers...this place is really fun! You'll find sweet and clever items that will be sure to get even more oohs and aahhhs from everyone who sees your little bundle of joy!
5	As a new mom, this store is great! They have some CUTE stuff, and the employees are very kind and helpful. My husband and i plan to cloth diaper our new baby, and I did a free class here one evening. It was extremely helpful, and I have gone back multiple times to ask more questions. I am sure I will continue to visit once our baby arrives!
5	Extremely cute shop! Very cozy and colorful!Great variety of cloth diapers and accessories!
3	We went here to get a cute baby present to add to our registered gift. They had some really cute gifts here, but wow was it pricey for some of the clothes and accessories. Very go green products for those earth-friendly parents. We ended up walking out of here with a sort of joke gift that I'm sure was not made to be a joke gift. Anyway, probably won't be back here anytime soon, but very cute shop!
