4	Blackford Hill is another of Edinburgh's great hills.  On a sunny day, there is no better place to be if you're on the Morningside end of town.  There's a path that encircles the bottom, and you can also ascend to the top.  I haven't been all the way to the top, but I am assured / have seen photo evidence that the views are to be treasured.  You can see back across the city, with Arthur's Seat and the Crags taking centre stage in the beautiful vista.Like I said in my review of the Crags, it is refreshing to see something like this in the middle of the city.  I used it to take a walk and take my mind off things.  I certainly fulfilled that brief, and sitting in the peaceful surroundings reading was just what the doctor ordered.Probably best climbed in summer for the best weather, but give it a try throughout the year for a superb view of Auld Reekie.
5	Blackford Hill is chock-full of nooks and crannies. There're quarries and ponds and little paths and steps. And a great view of the city. For anyone who lives on the Southside of Marchmont, Blackford is the closest park you can go to. It's about a 20-30 minute walk to the top from the Meadows, depending on the length of your legs and whether you're of the brisk or the sauntering kind. I'm a saunterer, so it could take me much longer than that. But that's because I like detail. And I look for detail. And if I'm walking to briskly, the detail just zooms past me.You'll find loads and loads of dogs being walked, and children being walked--I mean children walking with families--here. And people generally lounging and having a good time. There are bunnies and foxes and it really, really doesn't feel like you're in the city anymore at all.
4	As anyone who rides a bike here knows (and probably curses), Edinburgh is a place of many hills.  Perhaps the most well-known is Carlton Hill, with its notorious cemetery and neo-classical monuments at the top, or Arthur's Seat, the dramatic extinct volcano that dominates the city skyline.  Blackford Hill's gentle grassy slopes have no particular claim to fame, but are simply a congenial place for a stroll on a balmy summer evening, or a more brisk walk on frosty winter afternoons.There are several routes up to the top, one along a path shaded by trees, another that involves scrambling through some rather abrasive gorse bushes, and once at the summit you can enjoy a panoramic view of Edinburgh from the south, or stay up late and watch the stars in a tranquil setting.
5	On such a sunny, yet crisp, wintery afternoon as this, I'm inspired to write about some of Edinburgh's scenic, gorgeous, right-on-your-doorstep great outdoors. Arthur gets a lot of love, and even Calton is often inundated with tourists tramping up for a view of the city. But Blackford Hill, beyond the Grange and off the beaten path, is a Southsiders haven when looking for some natural healing, peace and quiet, a running path, somewhere for a wee adventure, or just a long walk.With the Observatory atop the hill itself, it does stand out somewhat when peering down the hill with the Meadows behind you and Newington in front. And when you first get to the actual hill part, well, it seems like just a hill. It's steep. If you go for a run up it, be prepared to wheeze. It's much shorter than Arthur and perhaps even Calton. But at the top you get a wonderful panoramic view of the city, and there's a wee map etched in metal of all the different landmarks around. You can see Arthur's Seat, and the Castle, and the Pentlands behind you, and right off across the Firth and the sea to the islands across the way.But that's not all. Unlike other hills that are, well, hills, Blackford has a wee secret. Go back down the other side and walk a bit beyond through a field and you'll come into a forest with a river and lots of walking paths. As Julia S says in her review, there are lots of nooks and crannies. Adventure spots, places I woud have made my 'den' when I was wee. Great for dog walking, for trail running, and just to get away from the bustling city (not that Edinburgh is exactly a metropolis).I feel as though I've not explored Blackford to its full potential. And my goal potentially by the end of this year is to include it in my runs, and also the up-hill part of it. Considering a 3k run around the Meadows right now is something of a feat, this is ambitious. But it's any serious runners training dream.We are so lucky to live in a city that is surrounded by greenery, and an escape to the 'country' is only a 5 minute walk away. The woods are my favourite outdoor place to be, and I didn't realise there were these wee woods tucked behind Blackford. I think I've found one of my new favourite hide-away spots.
