4	It's 8am on a Sunday in Montreal. The streets are empty and everything is pretty much closed, awaiting the inevitable brunch rush. Evidence of the revelry of Saturday night litters Rue Ste. Catherine.Just when I'm pretty sure nothing in this town is open this early, I come across one of the handful of Second Cups in Montreal. The barista seemed frankly surprised to see someone walking around. I came in and asked her what the best thing on the menu was, and she recommended the vanilla latte (good, but too sweet for my tastes).I pestered her for quite some time about her life and what to do and see in Montreal. She was very helpful and entertained my many questions. I left with a local's view of what to do in Montreal for the remainder of my stay.Thank God for morning people. And chains? Not always a bad thing.
4	The Starbucks of Canada. Delicious Lattes.
2	I was walking by and decided that I wanted a tea. I wanted a Chai Latte, so I walked in and asked for a Chai, I forgot to use the word Latte, no questions were asked, so I assumed I was getting a Chai latte, I assumed wrong. I got a cup with hot water and a tea bag floating in it that wasn't mixed, no sugar, no milk and they didn't ask me if I wanted any of that, or tell me where the counter was to go get it, I understand this might be alright for regulars who know where everything is.So I managed to find the counter where the milk is supposed to be and there was no milk, not knowing there was another counter. Another customer saw me walking around aimlessly and told me that there is another counter, so I walked over took the cap off the top of my cup and there was water filled to the top, I had to dump some of it out to get some milk in there.I know it was my fault for not ordering the right thing, but they could've mixed my tea and not filled it to the top and told me where the milk was!
4	I've never tried Second Cup. This place was my first. I really didn't plan on coming here to grab anything but on a Saturday morning stroll downtown, I stopped by this particular SC and got the MATCHA GREEN TEA LATTE. The warm foamy milk,  it was like drinking a warm green tea ice cream. It was just delicious.
5	I have a bit of a bias for the Square fillets second cup. I go there every morning for my morning coffee and bagel. One of the things I like the most is that there is one barista there who seems to be the morning manager and she is I really welcoming and friendly morning person. Although I go there every day they always remember what size and type of coffee I like to take and they often bring me my bagel to my table once I sit down which is actually a very nice touch. They also have free Wi-Fi there which is pretty cool and it's one of the places I like hang out there the most once I'm in that area. They have the usual thoroughfare of pastries croissants, and other delicious treats although I stay away from those. (For health reasons) To conclude although most of these franchise coffee Shops are majoritarily  the same the difference really comes with the staff and how friendly and courteous they are. And this is one of the friendliest most easy-going group of baristas in the city.
1	Me and my coworker was in Montreal for work. We were in a hurry and went to second cup for a quick breakfast.First, we ordered an egg bacon muffin. The muffin was cold inside and warm outside. The egg and bacon was cold! We had two bites and spitted it out. We did not ask for re-heat or complained about it. We thought we will just get a muffin and it should be safe. We are naive to think this way because it is worst. I ordered a banana nut muffin ( or something like that), there was a DEAD FLY stuck onto this hard as rock muffin w pair of wings sticking out!! Immediately , me and my coworker spitted out what's in our mouth. As nice as I am, I cannot accept this, we went to the cashier and asked for refund. We were so uncomfortable. However,the cashier (a chubby girl w glass) refused to give us money back, but asked us to get another one. She said it was normal to have bugs or fly in the restaurant. She didn't even apologized to us but gave us this nasty attitude. I explained to her it is not about the money, it is the service I m getting here, and do not want another muffin because we felt sick by thinking about it already. I think if she is polite about the situation, I won't be writing this review. This is a horrible place..I HIGHLY NOT RECOMMENDED this place. If you want to eat fly, you can go there.Horrible taste of food is forgiving, but poor service and poor sanitation is unacceptable ! Would never return to second cup again, especially in this location !Carol & Debra
1	I was served an overfull iced coffee drink by an employee here today, who handed me a leaking cup which proceeded to drip all over my silk skirt before I'd even gone to get the straw. I asked for a cloth and some water to wipe off the coffee before it ruined my skirt, and she proceeded to give me a cloth which without my knowledge had been used with the very toxic product they use to disinfect the store. It ate through the silk of my skirt!When I proceeded to show her the damage it did, immediately, she said it was not her problem and that I could speak to a manager at the other Second Cup nearby, who proceeded to tell me that the product was not what ruined my skirt and that it was my problem. Talk about customer service. Thanks for ruining my over $700 Vanessa Bruno skirt which is sold out everywhere online. Never seen such abhorrent customer service in my life. Seriously livid.
