1	We were told that it was amazing at night when they had the chinese garden lit up. I wouldn't know because we never got in. They had 3 cashiers for a line that stretched at from one end of the park to the other and out into the parking lot (easily 1/2 mile, maybe more). Apparently, they have this issue judging from what people in line were saying. They should get some temporary cashiers for really busy times when they know they are going to be slammed.
4	We visited here in the winter with our handy Museum pass. There are 10 greenhouses to tour (although one was closed getting ready for a butterfly exhibit). Overall I thought the collection was very nice, especially the bonzai area.But what really made this place shine is the lovely accomodating cashier. My husband and I had purchased the Montreal Museum pass the day before for $50 a piece. They get you into pretty much anything in the city. Well, my husband, managed to lose his. He ended up retracing our steps (in the bitter cold) only to end up empty-handed. So I used my pass and had my cash out for him. We mentioned our misfortune and the guy worked his magic and let my husband in for free saving us roughly $13. After thanking him profusely we walked through at a leisurely pace happy to see some green in the middle of winter.
3	My favorite part was learning about the origin of tofu.  Did you know that it was the military that gave us the most versatile food product?  How awesome would it be if the brave soldiers in Iraq and Afghanistan came home with something delicious that they invented?It's a great place to go with people if you'd like some level of control over your interaction with him/her/them.  May secluded spots where you can make out, wide open spaces where you can yell at each other, and lots of plants, shrubs, ponds, etc., in between so you can get over it and later make up.Flowers are pretty, but after an hour or so, they start to look pretty much the same to my ignorant eyes, so I took more pictures of the architecture than the plants.  The trunk of the tree "born" in the 1700s was awe-inspiring.  The trolley was cool but would have been better with an entertaining and knowledgeable (not necessarily in that order) tour guide.  Here's the Chinese garden, and there's the Japanese garden, so how come no Korean garden?
5	We were strolling in the park one, in the very merry month of May. It was a little bit overcast and a little bit rainy, but it wasn't crowded at all. The Chinese gardens were probably the most beautiful part of the park, and we could have easily spent the whole day here, but since we were only in Montreal for a week we had to move quickly, especially since we slept in and half of the day was already over. The park is huge and it has indoor greenhouse gardens that are loaded with beautiful flowers. The BF is a bit of a queer *cough* I mean gardener, so he was pointing out the flowers by all their Latin names and throwing random factoids at me about what makes each plant so special which was like being back in biology 101. Annuals, semi-annuals, bulbs... I don't care as long as they look pretty! On special occasions I am required to buy him flowers! How does that work?! If you have the time, you should definitely check out the Jardin Botanique de Montreal. If you are travelling, there is a train station (Pie IX) very close to the gardens, and it is also very close to the old Olympic site and Biodome.
5	The Botanical Garden is a place I like to return to often and spend countless hours in relative silence.Check out the First Nations Garden, the gardens along Pie IX (section 6), the Chinese garden, Japanese garden and the Rose garden. Wander through their greenhouses and be amazed at the beauty of the collection.The setting is lovely and the plants, surprisingly, don't rush you around. There's no better place to release your inner misanthrope and spend some precious time in peace and the company of silent beautiful friends with fancy Latin names. When to visit: during the Lantern festival in October. Spend the afternoon wandering the gardens, then at nightfall stroll to the Chinese garden and see Chinese lantern art at its best.When not to visit: when it's still too soon after winter. I don't think anything gets going before mid-April at least.
5	One of the very best botanical gardens I've ever seen.  I love bonsai, and the collection here is superb.  What a fabulous way to spend an afternoon in Montreal!
4	Very expansive set of gardens not far from the city center.Don't miss:- Senses garden (primarily meant for kids) invites you to touch and smell various plants.- Poisonous plant garden- Chinese garden (incredibly beautiful and has exhibits on Chinese crafts and snacks for sale!)This is a great place to be on a sunny day, but be prepared to do a lot of walking!
4	This site is incredibly beautiful and huge!  The botanical gardens are well worth a visit if you are in or near Montreal.  The Chinese Garden was particularly captivating.  Plus, while you are there, you can wander across the street to check out the Olympic Park.  My advise:  Plan to spend a lot of time here.  There is a lot to see and you do not want to be rushed.  There is a decent amount of cultural information presented in addition to gardens.  Definitely wear comfortable shoes.You need to pay to see the indoor gardens.  They were neat, but perhaps unnecessary, as the outdoor gardens were so extensive.  I am unsure whether or not you need to pay to go outside.  Our tickets were not checked as we went in, the information on the website is inconclusive, and another reviewer mentioned outside being free.  If you are planning a trip here, I would inquire about what the ticket price covers before paying.
4	Visiting the Botanical Gardens was one of the highlights of my Montreal trip this August. The Chinese Garden is absolutely beautiful and features gorgeous architecture, waterfalls, rock formations, and a live crane. I spent over an hour wandering in this garden alone. The rose garden is also exquisite as are the lotuses and the bonsais in the Japanese garden. Make sure you charge your camera battery! This place is great for taking pics. The indoor gardens are gorgeous too with lots of exotic orchids and other beautiful tropical flowers. The staff is helpful and unobtrusive. The grounds are well maintained and many areas have bathrooms available. My only complaint is that the gift shop is rather small and really did not offer much in terms of souvenirs. I was hoping for more magnets or pictures of flowers or the grounds, but there's not much here aside from a few keychains, knick-knacks and maple syrup and candies. This place is definitely worth a visit, just up from the Pie IX metro stop.
5	Came to see Le Magie des Lanterns....let me tell you it was spectacular! Came on the last day, Halloween, at night. All the lanterns were beautifully lit and it just made the Chinese gardens even more splendid. The bonsai plants were truly amazing. Also the Insectarium was really cool! A lot of live bugs and it was truly creepy and definitely Halloween. Walking through the greenhouses made the chilly night warm and see the Citrouille decorated (that's pumpkins!) just made it feel perfect. All in all, Montreal you are blessed with this place!
5	Alright, not in LA, but still this place was amazing! I was here a few years ago and I just have to say I want to go back. Montreal is an amazing city with amazing places to go and see. To be honest, the Gardens, hell I could have spent all week there. I still didn't get my fill of there Japanese Garden which was lovely, and so much better than the ones at Huntington or Descanso. They also had this artist there that made the most interesting kind of art. I just hope I get to go back one day to really enjoy the place.
4	a sprawling garden with over 20,000 plants--check out the space-age "Big O" ("Big Owe"), Olympic Stadium, as well as the rest of the futuristic 1976 Olympics complex, while you're in the vicinity
4	Chinese lantern exhibit was breathtaking.
3	Living dangerously without allergy medication, I ventured to the Jardin Botanique this past US memorial day weekend. (May 28-30 for the rest of the world).The visitor's center contains a diorama of the gardens and the map also reveals a large swath of land set aside. Be prepared to easily set aside 2-3 hours to see perhaps 60% of the gardens, weather permitting.Weather wasn't permitting during much of our visit, however. Fortunately there was an interesting display of plants in the greenhouses. The rainy day was remedied and I was transported to the tropics with displays of banana trees, mangoes and other equatorial plants.Another highlight is the Chinese Garden. Be sure to make your way up the artificial mountain and behold a well manicured and well kept part of the Botanical Gardens.I can't claim the same for the area around the Japanese Garden. This seemed almost neglected and lacking in the cleanliness of other sections. Perhaps late May wasn't the best of times to visit the Gardens as some sections specializing in roses weren't fully blooming. I didn't observe as many examples of flowers and plants as I have at other botanical gardens. Again, perhaps the climate difference and time of year has something to do with this.High season rates are $16.50 for an adult. Nearby is the Insectarium and Biodome which you can add to the cost of your ticket.While walking from the Pie IX metro station, be sure to stop by a pedestal with an amazing view of the Olympic Park for a prime photo op.  There's room for gold, silver and bronze winners.
5	Beautiful!These gardens are wonderful with lots to take in, This is definately a place to visit if you are visiting Montreal. My only advice is to allow an entire day for this tourist attraction. If you have kids make sure you seek out the kid attractions such as the tree house and the native garden.
4	Absolutely beautiful...but...it's huge. Which is wonderful if you have lots of time to kill and lots of energy stored, but if you're tired and it's terribly sunny and you forgot your sunglasses at the hotel, you kind of wanna just curl up on a bench in the shade and nap. Student discount :) When you first walk in, there are a bunch of interconnected greenhouses. It's pretty nice, nothing too crazy. I liked the section with all the fruits and spices from around the world. Walking around, there are all these amazing thematic gardens. Everybody seems to love the Chinese Garden and it was very pretty, but it was sooo overrun with people that I couldn't really enjoy it. My fav was the Alpine garden. Very quiet and simple. All the gardens are well maintained and gorgeous. Wish I went there with more energy but after covering only about a third of the park, I was craving poutine and a beer :)Worth it if you can appreciate the hard work put into making these beautiful gardens and have the time and energy to see the whole place.
5	Me: Good morning, admission for two.Attendant: Oh, you're here to see the butterflies?Me: What butterflies?The attendant throws two tickets at me as if she was folding a bad poker hand.Our last day in Montreal was spent at the Botanical Garden and we arrived just in time for their butterfly exhibit.  Imagine hundreds of butterflies flying in a room, landing on people's unsuspecting shoulders, and settling on fruit laid out so you can photograph them.  Unfortunately, we went in early spring and the outside gardens had not bloomed yet and the Japanese gardens / Insectorium were closed.  Their main building had an impressive collection of bonzi trees and were educational about spices (cardamom pods, vanilla, cinnamon, etc).  The Chinese gardens were impressive and a picturesque setting.  Remember, if the ticket attendant asks if you are there for something, just agree so you won't have to pick your tickets up from the ground.
4	So sad we didn't have enough time (or energy) to explore more! It's a lot of walking and can get pretty tiring - just make sure to wear comfortable shoes. I'd also recommend reserving at least 2-3 hours to explore this expansive botanical garden, which is the second largest in the world. And yes, the Chinese Garden is beautiful. You really do feel as if you've been transported elsewhere.
2	this place really disappointed me and my fiancee.. sure we came at the beginning of autumn.. but the gardens itself really left us wanting more since it was devoid of "pretty flowers".. the chinese gardens with the lanterns was nice though.. nevertheless.. i wouldn't recommend this to anyone
4	This is a beautiful botanical garden.  When we were here w/ friends several years ago there was a tram that took us around so we saw a lot more of it than we did yesterday because there was no tram.  Last time we walked through the Chinese Garden and the Japanese Garden plus saw beautiful and interesting plants and trees from the tram.  Yesterday we walked to and through the Chinese Garden, admiring the roses in bloom along the way.  Currently there is a special annual lantern festival that will be open until the end of the month.  This is its 19th year and it commemorates the 20th anniversary of the Chinese Garden.  The spectacle takes months to plan, w/ the plans being drawn up in Montreal and sent to Singapore, where the lanterns are fabricated.  The completed lanterns are sent back to Montreal, where they are assembled, wired and put in place.  The theme of this year's display is the reign of the first Emperor, Qin Shi Huangdi and his cavalry, but there are also mythical, magical creatures like dragons amid the foliage.  Lanterns are set up throughout the Chinese Garden, in the ponds and amongst the plants.  The Botanical Garden stays open later, until 9PM, for the occasion and I would imagine the lanterns are even more impressive after dark than they were in the daylight.  There are bilingual signs explaining the significance of the display and the items in it.  The Garden itself is lovely and tranquil w/o the lanterns, w/ stone "windows" set in the walls looking out of the garden and walkways paved in intricate patterns of pebbles and stones.  As we left the Chinese Garden I could smell the roses, even though they weren't visible from the gateway.  There is much more to see than we saw this time but it is a beautiful garden that is worth several hours time, regardless of the season.  Just wear comfortable walking shoes, take your camera and wear sunscreen.
3	I recently visited for the Chinese Lanterns. Although I did not get to visit the entire place, the Chinese Lanterns were breathtaking.  If you want to get great photos, of course your first thought is to go when it's dark out.  This is true, somewhat.  The perfect time is to go right before the sun sets.  Comparing the photos I took, the images when it was still somewhat light out came out much better than the night ones (although I did get some nice ones).There was also a "Little Monsters" section for the kids. Of course, I am a kid at heart and ran through myself.The rating lacks 2 stars because I was a little mislead about the Chinese Lanterns.  One the website and the brochure, it mentions "The Lanterns in Music".  When reading that, I expected to see was the story of the Emperor (the theme this year) told to music....instead, after waiting around for 45 minutes, we found out that it was just music in one of the little areas....NOTHING to do with the actual lanterns. Major bummer.
5	These are some gorgeous gardens. More than half of the grounds are an arboretum, so bring your walking shoes  (as suggested in other posts). My favorite is the alpine garden - plants from every mountain range in the world. Little known fact - the outdoor gardens are actually free until April 30. Not a whole lot is blooming, but the grass is green and the trees are budding. A great, 2 hour walk.
5	I love coming here whenever I'm in Montreal. Several specialty gardens, including a Chinese and a Japanese garden, plus a large arboretum. Admission also allows you to visit the Insectarium. Check it out!
4	A total of 30 incredible theme park form the main attraction to this site. The most famous of which is the Chinese Garden, which is dedicated to showcasing some bonsai features beautiful water. Snow falls in November and April, but the greenhouse complex remains open, and from February to April there is the exhibition "Butterflies Go Free", where thousands of butterflies and moths live tropical released into the greenhouse.My favorites were the Rose garden, Chinese garden, Japanese garden, Greenhouse, Edible vegetable, Alpine forest, etc..   Great place to spend a day ! !
4	Unfortunately, I, as of yet, haven't been able to make it into the actual botanical gardens. I did, however get to go out onto the non-ticketed patio and order a drink. Long line and it takes a while to get one, but the waitstaff were friendly enough. There was live jazz music that provided a nice ambience. The patio was very crowded, though. I had to take a seat on a bench in the back, so perhaps I should've made it there a bit earlier.What I was really there for was to enjoy the ambience along with a red wine. I ordered the Illuminati Riparosso Montepulciano d'Abruzzo 2009. Definitely not the best. Not really that good at all, but it was bearable. 5$ per glass, so not that big a loss. Nice menu, otherwise, though, and they had some interesting non-alcoholic drinks on there, too.
4	4.5 stars!Second time coming here. The first time was in March and the weather was too cold for the outside gardens. We had an amazing time exploring the different plants and flowers indoors, as well as attending the "Butterflies Go Free" events, it was crowded (long line) but worth the wait. The butterflies were beautiful are released in the greenhouse and would sometimes land on your clothes. Second visit was this past weekend (mid of July), we mainly visited the gardens outside and the Insectarium (which was closed for renovation the last time we came). It's rose season and it's absolutely gorgeous in the gardens, all types of flowers were blossoming. The gardens all have their little theme - Rose garden, Chinese garden, Japanese garden, Alphine garden, First nations garden. It's a great relaxing hike in the Arboretum area when not too hot and plenty of people relaxes on the grass next to the water and otherwise. It's quite stunning and you really could spend many hours here exploring the different types of flora and plants. The Insectarium is relatively small, but fun, I got to hold an insect resembling a leaf (harmless) while the staff taught us interesting facts. The beef hive (clear glass) was very interesting as well. They also have a wall calendar in the front lobby where they indicate the types of plants and flowers blossoming for each month. A combination of ticket is offered with Insectarium, Biodome (also quite special) and the Olympic tower. Worth a visit with plenty to explore and re-explore.
5	a beautiful place to stroll around for a few hours and soak in all the nature around you. i couldn't stop taking pictures of all the scenery! the chinese and japanese gardens were really nicely done, and my mother couldn't stop raving about how accurate they were (she's asian and a perfectionist). it's a great place to go, and it'll make you love montreal even more!
4	I really enjoyed my time there! If you haven't gone yet...I don't know what you are waiting for..
4	The price is a little high but the gardens are lovely and very well maintained! I am delighted that we went and wish that we had allowed more time to enjoy the gardens. A couple of hours was not nearly enough and we didn't get around to all of the areas. That was a miscalculation on our part, for sure. The Chinese garden was particularly lovely and the lotus flowers were enchanting. We also really enjoyed the tour of the Japanese Tea Garden. You have to wait around for the guides your of this section because it isn't open to the public. It is very peaceful and the guide gives lots of interesting information.
4	Between the free-to-the-public parts of the gardens (which is everything outdoors in the warm summer evenings) and the expanse of Parc Maisonneuve across the street there are huge areas to explore in this area on the cheap if you're not up for the entrance fee. The metro lets you out half a block away and you get a great view of the big O from the walk up. The sculptures alone are worth a mosey and think, not to mention the hundreds of kinds of (ahhhhhh) green.
5	I can be very careful with giving out 5 stars, too...but why don't people give this place 5?!?!  It's spectacular!  We had read and heard about it, but didn't necessarily plan to go.  But, one day we were walking around the Olympic Stadium and saw it across the street.  We asked a "local" about it and he told us that aside from being magnificent, it's free at night during the summer.  So, we checked it out and were glad we did.  We strolled for an hour or two, or however long before darkness set in.  There's so much to see in this place and it's amazing not only how well taken care of all the gardens are...but how much work must go in to taking care of this place.
5	Perhaps my 5-star rating is due to butterflies roaming freely. Perhaps it is for the one-of-a-kind experience that provided. Perhaps the 5 stars belong to the incredible, personable animators who obviously love their jobs and share their passion. Perhaps I was ecstatic that my visit was on my daughter's 1st birthday. Perhaps I'll never forget the way this 1-year old's eyes lit up. Whatever the reason, that butterfly event is one to experience. Don't miss it. I hope that your visit leaves you with memories that are even half as good as mine. If they are, you'll be thrilled. (I can't speak to the regular Botanical Gardens exhibits, but I will be back to check them out.)
4	Went there in early spring so they just started planting everything so I won't hold that against them. What they did have was very nice. The tulips were beautiful, the trees were flowering everywhere. The Chinese garden with all the bonsai trees was spectacular.Not very expensive and we found a 2 for 1 coupon which made it even cheaper. Also if you want to see the bio-dome, get your tickets here, then you can skip the very long line over there.
5	We visited the special exhibit - at first we were doubting paying $30 each (though good for two entries, we only had time for one) to walk through gardens, no matter how pretty - SO glad we did! Unbelievable topiaries in the special exhibit, and I mean unbelievably big, varied, historical, unbelievably creative and beautiful. They are sponsored by various associations within Canada and by other countries. The Chinese garden especially was also beautiful, peaceful, and interesting. Beautiful bonsai in the Japanese garden (and in the Chinese, but called something different there). We easily spent several hours walking the circuit. Many people seemed to be picnicking. If you are into gardening there is much more to explore. They have a garden devoted to vegetables, an alpine garden, and one devoted to new plants on the commercial home market. You can combine entries to the Biodome, Olympic Tower, and/or Insectarium - look online to figure it out before you wait on line, and in fact buy your tickets ahead of time so you don't need to wait (though the line moved okay, for us). We didn't have time for add-ons (but Biodome sounded great).
2	Insane long wait to get in, 4 cashiers for 200 people when we got there, each person taking 2-3 minutes to pay to enter.  I supervised tickets at the stampede, it usually takes 10 sec per person, if the computers are out maybe 30 sec, this took 2-3 min per person.I'd fire the person in charge of the entrance gates, it's insanely slow to get in.   2 hour wait.  If the day was hot people would be passing out from heat strokes.  Bonus: we didn't get a map of the gardens...
5	I adored these gardens!! This year (2013) is the mosaicultures internationales montreal (MIM) - basically the Olympics of gardening. This only happens every four years and each time in a different country so if you ever want to go to the gardens it should be now! The gardens from each country were very beautiful and full of meaning... we had a guide (can get a free guide in the morning) but the plaques near each garden tell the stories of each garden well. It is more busy on the weekend so go on the weekday if you can and either go early or in the later afternoon. Also - your entry fee gets you into the insectarium which you can visit on a separate day - my 2.5 yr old nephew really loved both the gardens and the insectarium so it was well worth it! Also - cheaper if you have an access montreal pass (need to be a MTL resident) or if you are a student.
4	As a local resident, I've been to the Botanical gardens dozens of times and I truly recommend visitors of this city to spend a whole day visiting these gardens.Firstly, make sure to wear your most comfortable shoes as this place is HUGE and you'll be walking a lot.There are many other things to watch and view but I'll cover the more important features of this place.If you've read some other reviews, the most famous garden is the Chinese Garden which gets even nicer at night particularly during the Light Festivals in Autumn.The Japanese Gardens are excellent as well. Particularly during a very special week (that changes from year to year depending on climate) during Spring to watch the cherry blossoms trees bloom.The insectarium is very interesting as well though it took a huge step back for me when they no longer had the bee hives exposition. However, the ant exposition is very cool.The price tag can be somewhat expensive, I suggest checking online for coupons/deals to shave off a few dollars. Also, if you have a friend or relative in Quebec, drag them with you, you'll get a significant rebate.
5	Forget everything that you've known about visiting a botanical garden. The visit alone will change your experience and knowledge of plants and flowers. The ticket price is worth every cent from the beautiful sculptors and displays in addition to the lovely exhibits and attractions that the garden covers. Unfortunately, Hub and I were not able to visit and cover every section of the garden since we did all the attractions on the same day. We skipped the Tree House and Leslie-Hancock Garden and the Youth Gardens that was located all the way at the end of the museum. The botanical garden would take at least 3 hours to cover the entire premise for your visit. For those who need more time to venture and explore, no worries the admission is good for 2 days. Our fav area is definitely the popular Chinese and Japanese Gardens. The layout of the landscape design is literally covered in blooms, pavilion, and waterfalls. In terms of variation, the Chinese garden is known for the architecture and history of the Dynasty while the Japanese garden is known for combining all elements of the garden to create art and zen state of mind. As for the horticulturist-artists work, all of the mosaics were breathtaking. However, the work of the Mother Earth is a stunning and unforgettable creation. I can't even begin to describe the striking visual of the intricate shape of the hands opening up a waterfall and the other hand to a deer. Just by a glance tells you, not only does the sculpture look tedious but it definitely took hours of labor and toll to complete the piece of art.  And, you get to vote on your favorite work/sculpture at the International Hub to win a trip for 2 to Doha, Qatar until the end of this year.  For those who are into the whole garden scenery, the Insectarium might be more of your cup of tea. There are numerous collections and exhibits on the diverse insects. There's even a live demonstration for those brave enough to hold a scorpion. The leafcutter ants are pretty amazing. Each ant picks and cuts leafs to feed and harvest fungus where they feed and maintain their nest and defend their colony. Have fun on your visit. Enjoy!
5	The Montreal botanical gardens are rapidly becoming one of my favorite places in the city to visit.   It's one part of the Montreal Space for Life which also includes the Biodome, Insectarium and the Planetarium. It's a 75 hectare National Historic Site of Canada and is considered one of the most important botanical gardens in the world.  Just a short walk from the Pie-IX metro station it's open year round. Containing 22,000 species spread throughout 10 greenhouses and 30 gardens many of which are located outside the place is huge. Montrealers can check out the outside stuff for free.There're special events and exhibitions all year and many of them are actually quite good.  Walk amongst thousands of butterflies in the "Butterflies Go Free" exhibit held annually  from February to April. Gardeners will be interested in the annual plant sale held in May. It's worth checking out their website to see all the stuff going on.Open all year, continually changing, educational and family friendly, the only real downside is that tickets can be steep.  Starting at $15 for Quebecers, special events sometimes cost a bit more. The gardens are big enough though that it will take hours to get through just a portion. The International Mosaicultures event currently on until the end of September 2013 runs $25 but the ticket is actually valid for two visits. Of course, the outside bits won't cost you a dime.It's a fun and educational outing that breaks up the monotony of city life and breaks you out of the rut of cocktails, live music, performance art hipster routine.
5	Absolutely breathtaking and fantastic! Great place for a date (trust me) and one of the biggest and most comprehensive insectarium I've ever seen! From the giant green sculptures to the serene Asian inspired gardens, this place was worth every penny.Stop reading and come here! It's a must see!ps: bring your student ID if you have one!
5	If you are visiting Montreal, definitely make this one of your places to visit. Parking here is $10/day. If you can, take the metro. The gardens are a short walk from the Pie-IX metro stop. We went during a Saturday afternoon, probably around 3-4pm. The line to get in was huge! They have free wifi near the ticket booths, so use your smart phone to go to their website to purchase tickets - it'll save you about 30 minutes in wait time! Then just show your phone when you go to walk in. Jardin Botanique accepts student ID's from the US so we were able to get  in at discounted rates.There are clean bathrooms and drinking fountains throughout many of the buildings within the gardens. Save your money and skip out on buying a water bottle at one of the stands.The gardens are absolutely wonderful. You must make it a point to see the Chinese and Japanese gardens - two of my favorite areas within this place.
4	Quebec residents get discount and rarely ask for proof only postal code. CAA members extra 2 dollars off.
4	Decided to fork out the quite pricey admission fee to visit during the Mosaicultures International and the Garden of Lights. Both of these events are well worth seeing as they are very beautiful displays. The Mosaicultures which ends by the 29th of Sept is made up of about 40 sculptures made from plants basically. Some of them are huge and they are all amazing to view. The Bird Tree took them like 6 years to make, thats how much effort goes in to these. The Garden of Lights is an annual nightly event through the Fall where the Chinese Garden is filled with Lanterns of all different things from animals to warriors and the Japanese Gardens is also lit up. This is also very nice to see. Admission during this time allows you two visits if you were not visiting at a time to see them both or I just passed the ticket on to someone else.Admission also includes entry to the Insectarium which is interesting but didn't take me more than 30mins to explore. During the year when these events are not on, admission is cheaper but still a little expensive so you would really have to appreciate the gardens to pay the fee. The Gardens are quite big and you could spend a few hrs just wandering the paths all the way to the other end where the Tree House and arboretum is and the green houses are quite good.Overall, if you're going during these events be prepared for lots of people but otherwise pick a nice day and enjoy the gardens.
5	As a botanical garden, this place was quite lovely, but the main reason we stopped was because it was the last day of the Mosaicultures Internationalle and it didn't disappoint.  Just check out the last page and change of the photos and you'll see why we decided that this was a must visit location when in town.  I'm sure it's quite lovely all year round, but the topiary work that was on display was exceptionally innovative.And also note that admission purchased on-line was substantially less expensive than at the gate.  You also get instant entry with a printed or digital display of the PDF ticket receipt.
5	Before our trip to Montreal, we learned about the Chinese Lantern exhibit in the botanical garden and listed it as a "Must See".  Gorgeous handmade lanterns travel from China to Montreal for display in their "Garden of Lights". Admission was $15/person but worth every dime and the Metro will dump you within walking distance.We had a difficult time finding the "Garden of Lights" within the Botanical Garden because of the French language barrier and probably because some of the Canadians behave like rude French folks.  (Yes I said, "French" and "folks" in the same phrase).  But once we got our bearings (and Hubby peed behind a tree--it was THAT dark) we were off on an amazing path to loveliness. At one point, we were all lost from each other due to the crowd of people and children in strollers (they should really have an adult only night.) My one criticism is to have lights along the path so you don't trip or step in Hubby's pee.
5	This place is just fantastic.  I would come back here again on my next trip to Montreal.  A little pricey to get in ($29.50 for regular adult, $22.50 for student), but I was definitely oh-ing and ah-ing the whole way through.  But, I think a lot of this is due to the International Mosaicultures event that was exhibiting while I was there.  Of course, there were a ton of tourists and it was crowded as heck, but I guess if anything, it's just a validation of the fact that you probably came to the right place to sight-see.The jardin definitely seems huge and I didn't get to go through the whole place, but I would like to go back to do so and maybe see whatever new exhibits they have going on.  I will say that the bug exhibit is super awesome.  It's definitely a bit disgusting, but man, I never knew so many different kinds of amazing looking insects exist!  It's really extraordinary and I think that's the vibe of this whole place.  It makes you realize how beautiful our world is and how much we messed it all up.  It's awesome that a lot of the beauty that our world has to offer has been encapsulated and curated so that we could enjoy it for years to come.Now that I think about it, while the price is steep, it's more than worth it to take a peek at what our natural world looks like undisturbed.  Awesome.
4	We came on 9/29, the initially planned last day they held their International Mosaicultures exhibit. They apparently extended the exhibit for a week because it was so popular in demand. It drew crowds of outrageous proportions; I don't know how people physically stood on the snaking ticketing line in the blazing sun for hours (My group had pre-purchased tickets online and were able to go on the express line, waiting only 5 minues). Once inside the garden, it was very hard to walk around and enjoy the works of art when there were so many people (there was literally no elbow room). They were beautiful works, though. For this particular day's experience, I would give it 3 stars, but I know that in essence, the garden deserves more respect. We saw half of the Mosaicultures works because the crowds tired us out, and did not get to see the Gardens of Light exhibit due to fatigue (it would've been nicer to view after dusk, anyway). The park is huge, which is maybe why the [high] admission price is good for 2 days.
3	$18.50 for adults/$14 for students for both the garden and insectariumI was here 2nd week of May 2014. The place is massive. The Chinese garden was lovely and way prettier than the Japanese garden. The Japanese garden seems like a good place for a picnic. There was a Japanese show/performance when we visited on a Sunday afternoon. The flowers weren't in full bloom though so that was quite disappointing. I find the insecatarium very boring as well.
5	Visited here for the 2nd time. Very large park with an extensive variety of plants from all over the world. Many areas to explore. There are plenty of spots to stop and sit on benches and chairs. Since it is still late spring, many plants were not in bloom yet. However, we managed spending 3 hours here and enjoyed our visit. Highly recommended.
5	You could make a whole day out of this which is awesome. Beautiful gardens and I almost died when I got to the Chinese garden. When I walked through the wall I thought I had instantly had been transported to China. Keep note they have different things going on in the teahouse so maybe plan your visit around an event as I missed one I would've enjoyed. We sat down in the teahouse and was shown how to do tea and had cookies with it for $10 and well worth it. Japanese garden had a house full of kimono and impressive bonsai as well as many friendly Koi in the pond. Loved every second here
4	This is a beautiful garden. I wish I had known to enter through the greenhouse, see all of the inside and exhibit gardens (including the poisonous plant exhibit) and then wander over to the Chinese, Japanese and shade gardens. I only had three hours and I would have preferred to spend the majority of it on the exhibit side. The outdoor gardens are open to the public after 1800 without a fee, according to the garden's website. The lilac and stream garden area was absolutely stunning this week with many lilies blooming in profusion. The bromeliad hothouse area is very artistic and obviously crafted with a talented and loving eye/hand.
4	This is a beautiful place, but it all depends on the season. I've been here three times over the last 8 years or so and each time different areas are in bloom or look prettier than others. But areas that don't disappoint are: The Chinese and Japanese gardens as well as the greenhouses. My advice is to pick a few areas and enjoy them fully, rather than rushing and trying to see the whole park.
4	We came here while visiting Montreal on a tour.  We ventured on our own time.  It was well worth the money and time to spend a few hours here.  The gardens were beautiful, but the best spot was the Japanese Garden and the Chinese Garden.  Very peaceful and gorgeous!
4	This is the first botanical garden i have ever been to :)....and i must say...i wasnt dissapointed...We didnt see the entire garden...from what i saw...i liked the chinese garden, Japanese garden and the greenhouse the most...Rose garden was lame...we could practically count the roses in the garden...the insectarium which is part of this establishment was good...though it did not have many live species...it did keep us on our toes with the few live ones...its a nice learning experience...
3	If you are a tourist from out of town, the admission comes out to be about $19.00 per person with tax. A ticket gives you access to the Insectarium de Montreal and the train and shuttles that go throughout the garden. Here are some quick tips when coming here for a day trip:- Parking: If you want to park on the premises, it is $12 for the entire day. We are out of towners and didn't want to deal with trying to find street parking. You can park here and walk to the BioDome to save some money.- Gardens: There are a wide variety of gardens to go to. The China Garden, Japanese Garden, and Rose Garden. They even had a Natives Garden which was pretty unique. My only gripe is that the flowers were not exactly in bloom in the month of August. Most of the living things that we saw were plants. Even the rose garden was pretty sparse. Upkeep of the Chinese and Japanese structures were also pretty limited. The Chinese structures had cobwebs and didn't look well maintained.- Asian Friendly: I mean this in the nicest way possible, but I feel that my parents got a really good kick out of the gardens - mainly because they were able to reminisce on good times in Asia when walking through the Chinese gardens. They even have tea where you can sit on the porch of the gardens, drink tea, and chat as you look out into the koi pond area. The signs say not to feed the Koi fishes but the Koi fishes follow you around, which shows me that people do it anyway.- Mini Train: For those who can't walk very far, there is a mini train that takes you on a 15 minute tour of the entire garden area. There is also a free shuttle that takes you to different stops throughout the gardens.Bottom Line: A little expensive and not as well maintained as I thought it would be. It is definitely lower on the list of things to see in Montreal.
5	The best botanical gardens I have ever been to.  Just absolutely and completely the best.  And it is huge!!  Go check it out...you will be glad you did!
2	This place was definitely overhyped. It was a blazing hot day in August, but my family was persisted and visited every garden. For the cost of the admission, we were not at all impressed. The few flowers that weren't dead were overgrown and unkempt. The one bright spot was the Chinese garden, but it definitely didn't make up for the rest of the lackluster gardens. Overall, it was disappointing and a waste of a day.
5	What a beautiful garden. My husband and I decided  at Christmas last year that we were going to Montreal for a vacation. He also had a few surprises up his sleeve, tickets for arcade fire at parc jean drapeau. I'm such a lucky lady.    Anyhow, the afternoon of the concert we had a few hours to spare so we headed to the gardens for a lovely afternoon of sightseeing. The entrance fee was a bit steep, but if you have a AAA you will receive a discount. The ticket cost also included the insectarium, which I opted out of because I'm a wimp that does not care for insects.   The garden is massive, and features many different styles, even featuring desiduous plants native to my hubs home state of Colorado. I would have to say my favorite areas were the lake, the Asian gardens and the tree troll. The troll was a lot more difficult to find than I thought it would be. I wish we had more time to enjoy the park, maybe with a picnic of assorted french cheeses and a nice bottle of wine.    I hope to return in the future and spent more time in the park, it was so lovely and I will remember it until my dieing day. I only wish that I had been fortunate enough to see the temporary topiary show that was at the garden last summer, but all in all I was not disappointed. It is a must see for all, tourists and natives alike.
5	+++Expensive but worth every penny, even with reduced winter/night time accessWiFiChinese Garden at night is a sight to behold++Great family or date fun,Insectarium is insanely creepy but educational and interesting (I was fascinated watching the ant exhibit) and a great way to get a respite from the cold-LONG waiting line, esp in cold weatherReduced winter access, we only were able to do Chinese Garden, Japanese Garden, Insectarium...with that said, we still spent about two hours perusingJapanese garden was a disappointmentThey took out the sculpture garden :(TIPS:Buy tickets online if you canThey sell hot tea in the Chinese gardenDress Warm!!!Don't forget your student ID
4	Visit the Chinese Garden the architecture was pretty amazing :-) I would suggest visiting during the warmer months since more exhibitions are open. It looks like they take advantage of the colder months to renovate and fix things up.
4	Highly recommend to those visiting Montreal. Very pricey, but getting lost in the gardens was one of the highlights of my trip this summer.Grounds are gorgeous and sections are themed by areas of the world. Japanese gardens in particular were stunning. My little sister loved the Native American section where they had a legit teepee and wigwam.TREEBEARD was undoubtedly the coolest part.PLEASE take note: the massive hedge sculptures were a temporary exhibit. Hopefully this will save you from having a melt down at the entrance like I did.Still worth the visit.
5	I am just getting to my yelp reviews..I went to Montreal for the jazz fest in July...a friend told me to go to the gardens...but just said "it was nice"...it was splendid...so peaceful. I sat in an area of flowers and felt like I was in a Monet impressionism painting...the Asian area was so meditative...it was worth what ever the fee was if you like this sort of thing. Easy to get to on the subway.
