5	Since my last month-long admission at CMC-Main, I was sent home with another long list of new medications, adding to my list of existing meds. Some of these new meds are very hard to find, not to mention very pricey. My pharmacy since 2009 has always been Rte Aid , but after my Home-Health Nurse manager recommended this family owned and operated pharmacy that picks up prescriptions AND delivers the meds right to your doorstep, for FREE!! I totally switched pharmacies with the blink of an eye! Of course the pick-ups and deliveries are a great feature that not every pharmacy has, but its a great feature for those who are truly unable to drive or unable to do so due to health reasons or old age. Im sure this feature is offered to those  within a certain mile-radius though.The owner/Pharmacist is Sameer Shah, who operates the entire show along with his Pharmacy Tech Jose, together they get things done like no other. Some of my meds are very rare and hard to get 'pre-authorization' from my insurance because of its hefty price for each tablet. At this point I was still with Rite Aid and needed my meds desperately, and since they were waiting for the approval, I was without my meds for well over a week and a half. Everytime I called they'd say "we're working on it", but nothing. Before things got any worse, my nurse suggested I transfer my prescriptions to Care First. Upon doing so, Sameer immediately got to work and hounded the insurance company until they approved it......within 2 days!! What took Rite Aid over a week & 1/2 (and still no results) Sameer accomplished in 2 days. Now thats dedication to his clients. Ive been very happy since switching pharmacies, he is super friendly, very knowledgable and genuinely caring. I also like that its family owned/operated, those of you who know me, know I go out of my way to support such businesses rather than give my money to the multi-million dollar chains. Care First accepts all kinds of insurances including medicare and medicaid, you may even save more $$ if you have those money-saving prescription cards that give deep discounts (but call to confirm first).Its located in the same complex where you'll find 'A Piece of Havana', Papa Johns, Kumon and Gold's Gym.p.s: just tell him the young lady with the cane sent you! Lol!
3	Usually super nice, I actually just switched from CVS to them because they have my medicine in stock but I just got off the phone with a very condescending rude woman by the name of KRISTY... Now just because I don't  understand how it works trying to get insurance approval for certain medications you may want to adjust your attitude.  I work with the public myself and I know it can be straining trying to explain some things to people, but your rude "that's not what i said "Comment and crappy attitude will be sure to send me right back to CVS..You are dealing with people whose have medical conditions some of which are psychiatric so you may want to re- evaluate your customer service skills.
5	Super, the owner went out of his way to get a "deal" on something a large chain wanted 900 a month for, he saved me $895X8. The "deal" eventually ended due to drug maker, but it displayed effort. My doc recommended this place because it was like an Old Time Pharmacy.They get my business now even though they are not the closest but They also deliver.
