5	I've had two excellent experiences with Closet & Storage Concepts from concept to finish.  Two years ago:  I had 3 companies come out to bid on my mom's house for custom closets.  One of them was Closet World, another smaller company and Closet & Storage Concepts.  Closet World gave a very expensive estimate with a design that did not look good.  The other smaller company drew me a design that was not space efficient and had a take it or leave it attitude.  However, Rob, the owner of Closet & Storage Concepts, gave me the best experience.  He is friendly and easy to work with.  At the time, they only did hand drawings, but he gave me a great design that used the space efficiently on the guest and master closets.  The price is very reasonable and he patiently explained to me the difference of how the different types of mounting and installation for the closets.  So, I came out not only enlightened on closet making, but also super excited for the superb design.This past month:  I did not bother to have bids from any other company and because my experience from two years ago was so fantastic, I called Closet & Storage Concepts directly to schedule my consultation for my new house's master closet.  Rob stopped by on our scheduled day, measured the dimensions of the closet, and promised us a design by later that day.  As promised, our 3D cad rendering was e-mailed.  I wanted a particular variation on the drawing, and Rob had the revised drawing within the next day.  Lana, their scheduler, was very easy to work with, again, and made the install happen to fit my schedule.The installation:  Rob hires his own team of installers, so they are not contractors that float around for different companies.  They came in and installed the entire master closet in one day.  There were a few concerns with the base boards, carpet gaps and size of the laundry hampers, but they were addressed quickly and satisfactorily.  I have the closet of my dreams!Conclusion:  Look no further for your closet & storage needs.  Rob, Lana and his team are it.
5	Rob and his design and installation teams at Closet and Storage Concepts in Henderson are first class!  I bought a house that has a fairly large, walk-in master closet and it had been gutted by the previous owner.  After living with only one hanging rod for 3 years, Rob, his design team, and one of his installers, Luis, built me the closet of my dreams.  Rob, the owner, was extremely helpful and he and his team designed the concept after seeing how I was currently utilizing the space I had and what my needs were. I had some ideas about how to best utilize the space, but they made suggestions that surpassed my ideas and even fit all 60 pairs of my shoes on shelves!  I received the auto-cad renditions of my closet before installation so I could make any changes and approve the final design.  Luis, one of the installers was on time to install my closet, protected my carpet with dropcloths, and was extremely professional.  I felt so comfortable with Luis in my home that I even left for awhile to run an errand!  Knowing that Luis is an employee of the company and not a sub-contractor made me feel even more at ease.  Installation was swift and precise, and by the afternoon I had the closet I have only dreamed of.  Everything was cleaned up and left ready for me to put things away.  I really can't say enough about Closet & Storage Concepts.  Everyone in the office was friendly and helpful and made the process so easy.  Thank you, thank you, thank you!  I will definitely be recommending Rob and his team to all my friends and would definitely use them again for any future needs!
5	Alright yelpers, this is the third time that Closet & Storage Concepts has done work for us.  This time... dun dun dun - a hobby area for my husband to do his nerdy (tee hee) quadcopter stuff and for my to have a crafting station for scrapbooking, gift wrapping, and other crafts.First off, Chelsey our designer apparently from all three times was sent over for the consult for measurements and ideas.  She was professional and super excited to design our craft room because she is a scrapbooker herself.  She spent a good amount of time letting us ramble on our ideas and took EXTREMELY detailed notes.  A few days later, Chelsey had a couple different designs for us to look at.  Being the OCD people we were, Chelsey went through a few more revisions for us and was completely patient with all our suggestions and ideas.  I think anyone else would have told us to get out the door!Our install was yesterday, and my husband said that our installers Luis and Marcel were very professional and worked hard all day long.  I was even impressed with the solution they came up with when we discovered that our walls were NOT straight!  Imagine that - not straight walls?  =P  So, they along with Rob (owner) thought of a great solution of putting a small backsplash on and took care of it.Conclusion:  Seriously, don't look anywhere else for your custom closet/cabinetry solutions.  Great customer service and it looks fantastic.  I can't wait to craft!
3	Called for an appointment days in advance, booked an appointment at a mutual time, and waited a number of days for the company not to show.  Yes, they called right at the appointment time asking to delay.  For the initial appointment and impression, it showed this company has no customer respect.  We have since found out they delayed our appointment to serve another customer.  Under normal circumstances, a delay is no big deal.  Under our current circumstances of readying a home just purchased with a pending sale of our current house, we are stacked with all kinds of appointments and limited time.  Even with expressing this, this company seemed not to care.We have upgraded a previously rating of 1 star after receiving numerous phone calls from this company.  Now they become responsive.  As with anything, buyer beware and do your own due diligence.
5	Closet and Storage Concepts was the best experience I have had to date with Home Improvement vendors in Henderson. Rob and his staff listened to my needs (a bit unique) designed a custom solution and were patient not to push all my closet needs on me at one time. Since I wasn't able to do all of my closets at one time, Rob kept the sizes on file so all I needed to do was call when I was ready to complete the next project. So far we have completed my office, the baby's room and my custom closet and what a difference it has made! These are now my favorite rooms in the house due to their organization. Thanks Closet and Storage for your help!!
5	Amazing work, service and dependability!!! I just recently had my closets re done and a wine bar put in by this amazing company! Not only did they show up right when they said they would...the finish product was to die for! They were very nice and made me feel very comfortable having them in my home!   Great prices...can't wait to start my next project with them!
5	We wanted to get custom closets installed in our new home and Closet and Storage Closets were great to work with.  We did get estimates from a few vendors and CSC had the best ideas, were the most prompt and really listened to our ideas and incorporated them into the perfect closets.  They were very patient with us has we went back and forth on ideas and helped us get to something we are really happy with.  Overall great products and great people to work with! We highly recommend!
5	Everyone at the company that I worked with: from Rob to the installers, were all amazing - very responsive and professional.  If you live at Veer, they know the steps that have to be taken to reserve the dock etc... and makes the entire process smooth and efficient.
5	Excellent service from start to finish. Robert and the whole team was outstanding. I would highly recommend them. Thanks for the valet rod :-)
5	The owner Rob worked within my needs and budget.Greg came out on time to install two closets.  He was professional, courteous and cleaned up everything.  He even offered to touch up the walls with paint once the old shelving was removed. I received a quote from another company which was more expensive.  I like dealing with a local, family company. I highly recommend them.
5	I can not recommend this company enough!Rob came to the house and read my mind, designing a plan to turn a coat closet into a pantry and put a shelf over our washer & dryer. He also designed built-in bookshelves around our fireplace.The carpenter who installed our pantry and laundry room shelving was excellent. Very talented, detail-oriented and friendly. We are looking forward to having the bookcases built with our *fingers crossed* tax refund in the spring!
