5	So it may be a hotel restaurant, in a convention hotel, downtown... but this place is for real. The atmosphere is decidedly W, or painfully Scottsdale. It's got the color scheme of Sushi Roku, the vibe of a big city restaurant, and food for gods. It is connected through the lobby of the hotel, but also has it's own entrance, something the other hotel restaurants in the area cannot say. District is also privately owned, so you won't fall victim to any Sheraton miscues in the restaurant here, just thier own which I have to say there aren't many so far. The restaurant is dark and mysterious in the lounge area, and completely open in the dining room, which makes for a great social atmosphere all around. They also feature local artists with the wall art changing monthly, and it's for sale too! I'm glad someone had the foresight to do that, rather than buy some mass produced crap from Malaisa. There is a private boardroom style dining room in the back, with two large semi private dining rooms, and another large dining table overlooking the restaurant, so large parties would be great in this space. I'm thinking the large table in the dining room is the best as you are almost on a king's throne above everyone.The food follows the same cues as the atmosphere. It's familiar, but fun and exciting... they call it "American Comfort" and thats exactly what it is. The menu features Shrimp Po' Boy Sliders, Mussels which come in a ginormous bowl with an incredible sauce, Short Rib w/chipotle grits, salmon, steak, and other familiar dishes with a little local taste. Our table enjoyed everything including the Organic Berkshire Pork with Memphis BBQ sauce, Mac & Cheese, and Applesauce. Also on the table were the Mussels, and the Caesar Salad which might have been the only dissapointment. I ordered the Short Rib, and we all agreed it was one of the best we had ever tasted. They even made Grits delicous. It's obvious that quality has been taken into account as all of the vegetables and meats are locally produced and purchased from small farms. Queen Creek, The Farm at South Mountain, and Schreiner's are just some names that come to mind. The chef was kind enough to come out and introduce himself about mid-meal and I asked him where he came from, the answer pretty much explained the entire evening to me. He is the former Executive Chef of the late Mary Elaine's, Mr. Belosic, and he explained he was just having fun doing something people would be familiar with. There was a dish on the menu that literally everyone would be familiar with, from Fried Chicken or Cod, to a Ribeye. The drink list is pretty standard on the wine side, but the beer list is much more unique, featuring almost solely microbrews from New Belgium, Oak Creek, and Widmer. There is even an organic beer on the list. Though I wasn't drinking last night, I thought $3.75 was enticing enough for a microbrew that I'd go back another day to enjoy.Perhaps the highlight of the night for me was when the bill came, not because I wanted to pay, but because like other restaurants they bring a little something with the tab. Most places do the apropos mints, chocolates, etc. Not District, nope, this place brings you a big cotton candy on a stick, a la the state fair from when I was a kid. How cool is that? The bill came out to about $60 w/o drinks for 3 people, which honestly we felt was very fair, almost as though it were an underpriced Mary Elaine's meal. My only, and I mean ONLY gripe with the restaurant is more with the narrow visioned architects who designed the space. The patio has about a 3.5' cement wall, which is just high enough to make the diner feel disconnected from the street. It would have been really nice to do something glass, or steel, to engage the street and encourage people watching... plus it would feel much less confined, but oh well. I'll go back again, and probably again after that, especially now that I've learned they feature live music Thursday through Saturday. Keep on Keepin' on District, and heres to hoping you open the floodgates of trendy, chic, urban hotspots in Downtown Phoenix.
4	District, it's the restaurant & bar in the newly opened Sheraton in downtown.  What can you say about being at a place on opening really.  It's shiny, the leather is fresh, the decor is new, and so are the staff.  Being the first official day open, there was staff everywhere, but that was taken advantage of quickly.  They all were eager to talk, only thing is most of them have not sampled the full line-up of wares.  I looked for suggestions before ordering, but could not receive any.  By no means did this stop me from trying items though.  The main theme of food and beverages is local, or least from the United States (or territories).  The first thing noticed was the beer on tap, all microbrews, and half of them from Arizona breweries.  The wine list was decent, but 95% of them hailing from California.  Liquor selections were the same, all U.S. made, meaning no tequila.  They were still waiting for half of their bottles to arrive, as the shelves did not match the menu yet.  I suppose items like Tito's Vodka from Texas is not the easiest item to have on hand upon opening.  Although I was promised it would arrive soon.  The menu was not extensive and nothing screamed try me, but a few descriptors did engage my eyes, such as 'angry onions'.  Still, nothing outrageous or unheard of.  Being with a baseball-minded friend, we did sit at the bar (the restaurant being empty) just to have something to watch and decided to sample from several apps.  Local Jerky, as listed, was locally produced jerky ranging from Elk to Buffalo to Turkey.  It came out served on a wooden plank in a small canning jar.  Accompanying it were stone ground mustard, sea salt, and pickled garlic, all in small white angled bowls.  Next item was chips and dips, house-made potato chips in a large bowl on a wooden plank as well.  They came tandem with some very chunky onion dip and boat dip.  The jerky was tasty, with several different styles to gnaw on, it made for a unique gnoshing experience.  The chips were tasty, but about the same as if you made them yourself at home.  Later in the evening we still needed more sampling and ordered up some sweet potato 'tots'.  They were served with ranch on the side and arrived again on the wooden plank.  The tots appeared to have been steamed in Indian tradition.  They were mushy, but in the good sense, and full of flavor.  Overall the food was decent.  The building itself is gorgeous.  The staff needs time to become knowledgeable.  Next time, I may sit and have a full meal.
5	This restaurant makes a rather dull downtown building worth a visit.  The open floor plan will, I'm sure, make it easy to facilitate the big groups that should come with the 1000 room hotel.  I was pleased to see that beers were very affordable, not typical from my past experience with restaurants and not to mention restaurants in hotels.  The food was great ,salmon came on cedar planks and the calamari was fantastic as well.
5	What can I say, except I LOVE District! The street-side dining is great, especially right now when the weather is amazing. The theme American Kitchen & Wine bar runs deep and you will find wonderful, delicious comfort food, carefully crafted by Chef Nathan. My personal favorites are the golden calamari, AZ Sweet Shrimp Po' Boy sliders & the scallops, seared to perfection. Wash it all down with a $3.75 (seriously) microbrew & don't forget to save room for dessert. The pumpkin whoopie pies served with a mini bourbon malt shake will make you greedy & not want to share, but you will because you get 3. They also have some of the most attentive & friendly servers I've ever encountered.Don't worry about parking, District validates for up to 3 hours in the garage. Stop by the Sheraton & give the newest addition to downtown dining a try, you won't regret it!
3	I don't Love District. It's something that I meditated on all day before sitting down to write this review. I have finally come to terms with the fact that I don't love the newest Downtown Phoenix gem, I simply Like. I had my first visit to District last night after I made a last minute decision to go celebrate my birthday a little early with Mr. Hottie. I was a little worried about getting a reservation at such short notice, but to my surprise, I was able to secure an 8:30pm reservation over the phone. We arrived dressed to kill and feeling excited to try the new restaurant. We opted to use the valet which is free for the first 3 hours of your visit when you get your ticket validated. We were greeted very warmly by the valet attendants and directed to the restaurant. When the doors to the hotel opened, the first words out of my mouth were "Oooh Pretty!" The open floor plan of the entire place was just breathtaking. As we walked toward District, I even noticed the "New Hotel Smell" which was nice!When we got to District we were met by the hostess who found our reservation and walked us to our table. We were seated close to a big picture window with a nice view of the street. Our waitress, Anastasia introduced herself and subsequently butchered Mr. Hottie's last name (under the assumption it was also my last name) and said "Heard it was your birthday! Happy Birthday!" Ugh...maybe I was just hungry and cranky. She asked us if we had been there before and went on to describe the style of food, and when I asked who her chefs were, she asked if I was with Starwood. Um...no. I didn't let her know that a review would soon be written about this new spot. After she finished stumbling through who the chefs were, we were given a basket of black bean & corn rolls with a jar of chow chow & a flavored butter drizzled with honey. I wished the rolls were warm. I think they would have been so much better and possibly release the full flavor of the butter. I tried the chow chow. Wow. I was immediately transported to Louisiana at my Grandpa's kitchen table. Talk about fresh, crispy and tangy good! We ordered a drink before dinner. I had a glass of Mumm Brut Sparkling Wine; Mr. Hottie ordered the Ocean martini after our waitress stumbled through the ingredients of each martini. She couldn't remember the names of the alcohols that were used in the drinks. After a bit, it was like we were playing a round of an alcohol themed guessing game. Slightly annoying, but again, I thought maybe I was being over critical. It was time to order the food. To start, I chose the chicken tortilla soup. Mr. Hottie chose the local field greens and herbs. The soup was served in a large bowl that came with diced chicken, diced queso blanco, diced avocado, a large dollop of sour cream and thin strips of tortilla chips. The soup is then poured over the ingredients. Talk about delicious. The soup was creamy and savory. The only thing I wished it had was just a little spicy kick, but the soup was so good on it's own. Mr. Hottie said the salad was just ok. The dressing seemed to be a little light in flavor that the goat cheese over powered the salad's flavor. Just prior to having our main entrees served we had ordered a glass of wine to go with our meal. We were well into our meal once the glasses arrived. Points off. Oh well, on to the main event.For my entree, I had the Grilled Ribeye rare. The steak came with skillet potatoes, Toy Box tomatoes and was topped with chimchurri. The steak was perfectly cooked and the meat was extremely tender. I was delighted by the quality of the meat. The only bad thing about it was that it was a very fatty steak even for a Ribeye. It should have been a bit more trimmed up. The tomatoes were fresh and provided a nice bit of acid to the rich plate of meat and potatoes. Mr. Hottie had the Brown Ale Short Ribs. The entree came cheddar jalapeno grits and the meat was topped with roasted carrots. What can I say about the dish? The grits were an absolute tragedy. They were runny and came with a skin over the top of them. The grits were just soupy and disappointing. The short rib was very good. It wasn't fatty rather it was a rich slice of meat that was well seasoned. I didn't try the small bits of carrots that came on top of the short rib but they looked very good! For dessert I was offered a complimentary hot fudge sundae. I was full, but accepted it for the sake of trying it. The sundae came with a cold brownie. The "hot fudge" was lukewarm chocolate sauce.  So yes, you guessed it, points off. Our waitress comes fumbling back to our table to deliver the check and states that she gave us the wrong (and subsequently cheaper) wine. Ah. Points off.  A neat ending to the meal was the free cotton candy. I don't know if I'll return to District. Maybe to try some of their other small plates, and have a few drinks. It just isn't the great dining experience I was expecting, and I'm ok with that.
4	LOVE District! A welcome addition to an otherwise dismal selection at the Arizona Center. We found all the food excellent except for the bread, that come from Simply Bread, of course that sucked. Highlights.. Shrimp Po Boy, Chicken Pot Pie, BBQ Pork loin, Tomato Soup, Pumpkin Whoopie Pie..Lowlights.. chow chow (pickled veggies) and the bread.Well priced.. good price and a comfortable space that takes reservations!
3	This was really 3.5 stars and I'm rounding down to 3 for a few reasons...on which I will now elaborate.District could be in any Sheraton, anywhere.  In fact, it is strikingly similar to Rum Fire, the trendy restaurant in the Sheraton Waikiki where I stayed for a few days this summer before my family arrived and we stayed moved to the family place.  The flooring, the red circular lounge area, the live music on Thursday nights...it was all the same.  Heck, even the menu was the same.  The difference was that in Waikiki there was a "Hawaiian" slant to everything and the live music was much, much better.  (And of course the beach front setting).  I get the impression that they are trying to market themselves as a "downtown restaurant" more than the "place in the Sheraton"...but to be honest, it is your quintessential trendy hotel restaurant.The bartenders were really friendly.  The wine list for a "wine bar" is incredibly lacking.  Nothing interesting, nothing fun.  The pricing is on par with what I would expect from a hotel.  The space is modern and trendy, something that there isn't that much of in downtown.  I love the charm of a historic home, but I also love sleek and modern lines.We selected a few small plates, or appetizers, depending on which of their menus you are looking at.  The crab cakes were good, if nothing short of predictable, and the chips and dip were surprisingly unique.  A dill dip and a French onion dip provided a nice departure from the regular spinach artichoke.  I'm not sure this is a place that I would come to for dinner, and it is definitely not a place I would come to for brunch.  (The brunch menu is a typical hotel menu, with typical hotel pricing).  I think that for me District will just remain a place for drinks and small bites.  I'm not going to lose my mind over this place.  It's not that great, I'd say it's fairly generic.  But the staff was friendly and it's within walking distance of my place.  I'm sure I will be back for drinks.
3	Hello hotel bar! But I do have to say, it's better than some hotel bars I have had the pleasure to visit in the not so distant past.  I have found in my recent travels that bartenders at hotel bars are really friendly, and District's did not disappoint tonight. All three that waited on us were extremely friendly and helpful. I also appreciated that if you valet, you can get your parking validated and get up to three hours for free. The valet was very quick and the gentlemen that helped me tonight were also very friendly...dare I say the friendliest valets I have encountered in the Valley even! There was live music tonight, but at times it was a bit too loud. However, any guy with a guitar that plays a ton of songs I like is OK in my book...plus I thought he was pretty good.We sat at the bar tonight which was very enjoyable. The bottle of sauvignon blanc was crisp and quite delicious, especially after a long week of work. We ordered the Chesapeake Bay crab cakes and the chips and dip. Normally I do not like crab cakes that are crispy on the outside, but the coating was light and didn't detract from the crabmeat. While there was not as much crabmeat as I would have liked, what was in there was tasty and there was almost no filler! Woo hoo! I can't say they are identical to what you would find back in Maryland, they are not far off enough where I can hate on them. The chips and dip were a nice snack...in fact, I almost gasped when I saw how large the serving was of chips! The dill dip was really tasty and a nice compliment to the chips. For the bottle of wine, the crabcakes and the chips and dip, our bill came to $45.I'm wavering between 3 and 4 stars, but will round down to 3 since there was nothing incredibly special or memorable about my experience. While the District menu does not have me running back, I can see this being a place to meet friends after work for drinks and appetizers or as a place where my coworkers and I run to for lunch when we need a drink or two to make it through the rest of the day!
5	Great overall experience - staff was great, decor/environment was nice (although kind of cavernous, possibly b/c of how empty the place was when we got there) service could have been a little faster but it was fine.  Food - YUM.  Side note: this place has a killer burger.  Like, I thought I was in Delux.  I munched on it, as a less-adventuresome dining companion ordered it and was unable to finish it, and really enjoyed it.  I think everyone really enjoyed their meals, and I know I can't wait to get back and try what I missed!
2	A mix match of experiences that I will have to give another try when they are not busy (as the other reviews have me convinced that we caught them on a very bad night). Cute staff that doesn't know the menu. A kitchen that takes a long, long, long time to serve room temp entrees.  An interesting wine flight served on something that looks like a pre-historic laptop that makes cross-table conversations like a game of "Battleship". An interesting decor that makes the 30 minute wait for your check less horrible than a line at the DMV.
3	While the food in the bar was very tasty the service was just all over the place. This actually started to get stressful as we were supposed to see Kathy Griffin at the Dodge.. we did manage to get the check in time and made the show. However charging us gratuity in the bar was fucking bullshit since they would not do separate checks.. we should have pretended that we weren't together! With this kind of shitty service I would have NOT tipped 18%, maybe 10%, if they were cute!
4	I had dinner here tonight and I had a very pleasant experience.  I tried their chicken tortilla soup that was poured at the table.  It was creamy, flavorful, and had just the right amount of cheese, chicken, and avocado.  My entree was the steamed mussels that was presented in a steamy pot.  It was perfectly seasoned and had a surprising but not overwhelming kick from the habernero.  Our server was helpful, efficient, and friendly.  There was live music playing in their bar up front, and the ambience was perfect for catching up with a good friend.The prices were pretty reasonable for being attached to a hotel and they even threw in a huge cloud of cotton candy at the end of the meal.
2	The Event: Staff Party for work -a.k.a.- the best people in the world getting together to share food, drinks, conversation, and secret santa gifts before people start using their vacation days for the holidays (8 people attending).The Setting:District, in the Sheraton Hotel, Downtown Phoenix-a.k.a.- Very nice in the non-hotel bar/restaurant-y type of way (important).  High top tables for groups, regular height tables for smaller parties. Large, long, space. The tops of the high tops were incredibly tiny which wasn't so good when the food was ordered as all the food comes on these rather large (unnecessarily large for how small the actual food items are) wooden block platters and all of the bowls are unevenly shaped for visual affect (or just to screw with you, not sure...).  This just caused us to be clumsy when trying to maneuver dishes or hand the waitress any empty glasses...if any of us had gotten more than just lightheaded (the price of the drinks, even if I didn't have to pay for them deterred that) it would have been disastrous.  The Drinks: Amazing, delicious peach sangria ($3.75 on happy hour...which lasts until only 6pm), great wine flights including a "Bubbly Flight" of two yummy champagnes (and one not so much); fruit flavored beers.-a.k.a.- It's not the cheapest spot ever, and it's not as if the drinks are amazingly intricate or overly delicious to make up for the price.  Not crazy expensive, but we certainly won't be making this place our usual happy hour spot.The Food:"Small Plates" (first round: the golden calamari, the AZ Sweet Shrimp Po'Boy sliders, two orders of steamed mussels, the cheese plate, the house chips and dips, the sweet potato tater tots (mmmm!), the crabcakes.  second round (we were still hungry): another cheese plate and another order of the house chips and dip)Dessert (still hungry): raspberry cobbler (VERY TART!), The brownie fudge Sundae (very tiny), and the key lime pie (I'm not a fan of this pie in general, so I won't judge).-a.k.a.- I said it there (whispered to my friend next to me) and I'll say it now: Cheese plate = Charlie Brown's Thanksgiving.  Yep, there was actually popcorn on it.  Popcorn and Ritz Crackers...no lie.  It wouldn't be so bad if the popcorn and Ritz Crackers weren't the best thing on the plate (if not the best thing on the table).  The Tater Tots, however, were GOOD, and the house chips and dips were bearable (but only when dipped in the sauce that came with the tater tots).  The desserts were amateur...I like simple dishes, but I also like not feeling as if I could make something better than the chef.  Not a very wide selection, definitely not enough to call it tapas and make a meal (without ordering the same dish twice).  Also noticed that there were very few (very few) vegetarian options.The Service: Our server was very nice.  All the female servers wear these little short black skirts with an awkward (considering the setting and the placement of it) long slit up the front.  Not the most attentive, but not negligent.-a.k.a.-Less than I expect from a night out.Overall:Probably won't be going back there, but wouldn't be overly pissed if someone suggested it...especially if they wanted to pay for my drinks and then go for a real (non-popcorn) dinner afterward.
4	I rolled in here late night one night, and was quite impressed with the place.  Granted there were not a lot of people here on this particular night, but what can you expect for 11:00pm on a Tuesday?  Anyways, with a lounge band playing in the background, our friendly server handed us the late-night food menu and took our drink order.  For those of you that have issues making up your mind on what you want to drink, the district offers up both wine and beer flights.  I of course got the beer flight and enjoyed my 3 different beers.  And these are not weenie-sized glasses of sampler beer.  You get quite the pour.  My sister got the wine flight, and the portion sizes were huge!  The late night food menu did not disappoint either.  Sweet potato tater tots were to die for, and the cheese plate was full of variety.  Someday I'll check this place out for an actual dinner, and I know for sure that for a late night food/beer stop in downtown Phoenix, I'll be back here in a heartbeat.
2	yup this place looks fab from the inside with splendid views of the street happenings. but i had to give this a 2 star rating because the service was below par. there weren't that many people in the place to justify the 30 minute wait for our first round of drinks or the 20 minute wait for our check after the initial request, or the accidentally un-heard cancellation of a burger for the sliders (both plates were brought out) or the charge for an extra drink on our tab. it was definitely bizarro world because the food was delicious! except for the mustard on the sliders, everything was delicious. the fries are like little fried sticks of spicy heaven. the spice is very sparse, but intense. not hot, just an intense flavor injection that wakes up your taste buds and makes them yelp for more! they are served up in the cutest of tins and the food presentation is outstanding. i love to eat with my eyes first, and  this place has got it going on babydoll and the fries are on fire (not fire hot, but tasty!)  the calamari was perfectly dusted in a light coating, not your usual 6 dunkers (as in thick coating that covers the lack of seafood) we ordered a sampling of most of the appetizers, but no entrees. next time i'll try a full meal, i just won't go when there are more than 2 tables being served at a time by the same server, i sure am not going to wait, and wait, and wait to leave again. one of our party actually had to hunt down the stamp for validation at the hostess stand, rumaging around until finally someone came over, only after 10 minutes, to help. guess they are still trying to keep this place a ghost town after all. the decor on the other hand is absolutely grand for our little ole town, but not grand enough to help you overlook the lack of cultural flavor or service or the stuffy ambiance. the place felt like a tourist trap in the center of "i just graduated from yale, wanna party and get loose, wearing some faded jeans, a cowboy shirt and a clean cut lookin like i just left the frat party last night and feeling a little too stuffy to be real, sitting with this chip on my shoulder and a bad taste in my mouth" come on Phoenix, is this what its all coming down too? okay i'm in for the food, take your own party and live it up. hell, just sneak in some little bottles from the mini bar and you won't care about the wait for anything.
2	I was really looking forward to finally trying out the new Sheraton's new bar. Man, was I disappointed! One - it's just a hotel bar, and it *felt* like a hotel bar. I'm glad I only came for happy hour and not a nice meal because I totally felt like I was just in a hotel.Beer - OK selection (random New Belgium beers I'd never heard of, a Four Peaks beer I'd never heard of - how is that possible? - a Nut Brown Ale, a Lagunitas, a couple Hefeiwizens... all in all it was about 10 beers on hh special) that were only $3 on hh ($3.75) otherwise. That's pretty price. No wines by the glass under $10 or on hh special - bummer. Good sounding food selection on hh - notice I say it sounds good, but it was not good, not at all!We got the sliders ($9) and sweet potato tots ($4). Sliders (2) were dry-meat, bland little things that came with fried onions and some kind of horseradish sauce that was just terrible. Sweet pot tots came out *burned* (really?) and not finely chopped and mashed back together in tot shaped and fried, like regular tots, but simply cut into tot shape and then fried (or, in this case, burned). Which means when you bite into it, it tastes like a grease ball. They came with ranch (again, really?) for dipping, and (now I just sound nit-picky, but this place is supposed to be nice, right?) it was the watery, runny kind of ranch that reminded me of the kind you got in middle school. My friend got the chicken wrap that actually looked pretty good and she seemed to enjoy it, and a side of fries, which came with ketchup and ...well I don't know the other dip was supposed to be. It was orange, so I hoped it was a chipotle mayo or fancy mustard that would help my tots. But no, it was thick - but congealed like it had been untouched and left out for awhile, and tasted terrible. I really can't place what it was supposed to be or taste like - the seasoning that came on the fries didn't help either. how can you mess up fries?!?! (OK, to solve the mysery, I just looked up the menu and it says "Creamy garlic" was the indiscernible fry dip. Um, what??)Ok, enough bad stuff, here's what I did like. Root beer (Virgil's) on tap. That's pretty cool. And, my all time favorite part - the prints from Mexican artist Theresa Villegas they had up (though sort of out of sight by the bathrooms). She does these amazing prints inspired by the traditional La Loteria card game (her prints are of the same name). I originally heard of her when she showed at the Mesa Arts Center two years ago and have never talked to anyone who knew about her, let alone seen them anywhere! I thought that was amazing. Also, when the bartender overheard us talking about having ridden the light rail, she informed us that by showing our ticket we got 25 percent off our entire bill! Wow, that's a great deal (I think that only runs through the end of this month, though).
5	I could eat here for every meal... and had been known to when I lived in Phoenix.
4	In all honesty, I've only been here once and it was only for drinks so I've yet to try the food. One thing I will say though is that their gimlets and gin and tonics rank amongst the best I've had. Sure, it's a hotel bar, but it looks great and the place sets a chill mood. The bartender I had was really friendly and would stop by to make to conversation and to see that everything was good. From the reviews, this seems kinda hit or miss, but  I guess I got lucky.
4	I am giving this Restaurant four stars because even though we LOVED the food, ( each entree was a treat to the senses.) the desserts were boring.  Banana Split, Rootbeer Floats.  Don't get me wrong.  The desserts are exactly as described on the menu however, after a wonderful meal, i was expecting something better.  Somehow, (we didn't  complain, it just got out), when we got back to our rooms, the restaurant manager called to express his regrets that we didn't enjoy our desserts so he took it off our bill.  Is that impressive, or what?  A manager that actually cares!  I am spreading the news of this hotel and fabulous restaurant.  We ate for a change of pace at some restaurant across the street at the Arizona Center, called "1030".  Boy, was that a mistake.  It just doesn't compare to the District.  Same price, but not nearly the same quality of food.  After four nights at the hotel, we ate at the District four times.  We loved the Cobb Salad, the Salmon on the plank, the ribs cooked or marinated for 72 hours were out of this world, served with Jalapeno grits (or polenta, I forget) , my husband liked his vegetarian pumpkin curry, the very spicy fried chicken, the crab cakes were moist, not dry. I heard the huge Chicken Pot Pie was excellent but I didn't get the chance to try it.  To me, this is the ONLY place to eat in downtown Phoenix. One more tip, go on Sundays when the wines are half off.
2	Breakfast review only.. It's a bad sign when the waiter warns the table the kitchen is very slow, so the buffet is a better bet if you don't want to be there for a while. What's worse is that I considered this warning an improvement over past experiences - waiting forever to be served, and having only minutes to slam down a meal before heading to the next meeting. I've had a number of business meeting breakfasts here, but ONLY because the people I meet stay at the hotel. The food is average. I cannot think of anything better to say about it. No standouts, no pitfalls - well, maybe the yogurt parfait because it is so small. I waited how long for this??? At least the waiter was gracious enough to give us warning...
4	I liked it. We sat outside on the patio for lunch and had a great people watching experience. I ordered the special flatbread for the day, sausage, carmelized onions and cheese. My friend ordered the buffalo sloppy joe. Both meals were amazing we also ordered a side of fries to split.  Good portions and very flavorful food all around. The only thing we would have changed was that the sloppy joe came with tator tots. And looking at the menu, they list sweet potato tots as a side. So naturally we assumed they tots would be the same but they weren't. They were just regular old tots, nothing special.  Would definitely go back for lunch again. Also, the hotel decor, bar, lobby and lounge were stylish and seemed to have the potential for a good downtown hotspot if marketed correctly.
4	It ain't bad at all.  I ate at district twice during my stay at the Sheraton.For dinner I had a Man Meal: bacon-wrapped steak with sweet potato fries and it was goooooood.  Of course I washed it down with a few dainty glasses of Mumm champagne (hey champagne goes with ANYTHING) so that upped the girlie factor a little.  Service was both prompt and personal, so no complaints there.I had a lunch there as well; the macaroni and cheese came topped with crushed cheez-its (yum) but the addition of both andouille sausage AND pulled chicken was just a bit much.  One or the other would have done just fine.
2	Uninspired.....this pretty much says it all.  Service slow, food edible but not outstanding.  Lots of folks stopped by to ask where they could watch the game.    All the seating in view of the tv were full early, heard many of them heading down to the other hotel bar down the street.   New shiny place but not much to it beyond the shell.  Downtown continues to evolve and there are better options out there.
5	Before I go out I always "yelp it". When I was asked to go the District I did just that, and was surprised by so many good reviews. Reading the few bad ones it came to me that these people are big box haters like myself. So, I had it in my mind this was going to be another overpriced hotel restaurant. But, here I am ready to tell you that the hype is true! This place was really good. Really. We came in with out a reservation and it was busy. After a short wait we sat. My first impression was this was a fine dining type deal, but turns out it is pretty casual. Drink menu first. Impressive beer list on draft all for $3.75! I remember reading reviews of this place being expensive? Where were these people going? My friend ordered a drink special (who has those?!) some kind of delicious infused rum elixir. The sangria was pretty good too. And the beer, yay!!! The menu was pretty straight forward. All of it sounded pretty yummy, and no words that we didn't understand. We ordered some starters: Po' boy sliders, baked cheese, duck quesadilla and sweet potato tots. Don't know which my favorite was that's how good they all were! Most interesting was the quesadilla served with apple butter. I had the lobster pirogi, awesome! My friends had the bbq'd pork, salmon and blackened halibut. All you heard was ooo's, ah's and mmm's. If you have been hearing the buzz about downtown and want to check it for yourself go to District. It is easily the best I've tried. I'm going back in for lunch this week!Oh, and free valet! Thats right free....
3	High blood pressure folks, watch your sodium in-take at the District.I had high hopes coming here.  Nice looking place, friendly staff, impressive menu.  I gave it a shot... because, really, there's no way I'm stepping foot in the Hooters across the street.I have this thing with scallops, so when I saw it listed on the menu it was no contest.  However, listed underneath was "mushrooms, peppers, grilled Italian sausage."  Sausage?  Oh dear, but I don't eat pork.  I asked  the waitress if there was anyway I could substitute the sausage for the grilled asparagus listed under the sides portion of the menu.  She explained that the scallops were served on top of a mixture of the three items, but I could choose to have it served on top of the asparagus instead.  Sure, why not.  That sounds good.  I also ordered the baked tomato soup because of all the great Yelp reviews and good lookin' pictures.While I was waiting for my food, the bread and butter came out.  The bread was sprinkled with what I think was fancy sea salt.  Neat... but was this possibly an indicator of the meal to come?  Soon thereafter, my soup came out.  I didn't even get tomato soup when I was a kid, but I feel like this soup brought me back to childhood.  It was creamy, not over-seasoned at all, and the cheese on top was just right.  I suggest saving one of your dinner rolls to dip in it and you, my friend, have quite the meal.  The soup was pretty hot, so it took me some time to finish it and by then, my scallops were ready.  My bowl was taken away and in it's place were my scallops... in the oddest shaped bowl/dish I've seen.  It was like a huge bowl with an asymmetrical curve so that it's like your food is performing for you in a mini-amphitheater.  It's great for presentation, but a pain to actually eat off of.  I had a hard time resting my utensils on it and it left no room to use a knife and fork.  Made me long for the days of plates and flat surfaces.  The scallops themselves-- 3 huge ones-- were seared to perfection on top of a bunch of supposedly grilled asparagus.  However, EVERYTHING on the plate was overly salty.  I thought maybe my switching of the other ingredients had somehow upset the balance of the poor scallop.  Was this sodium fiasco my fault?  I asked for more bread to counteract the over-seasoned saltiness of it all.  Alas, my efforts were in vain.  It was just too salty.  I went through 2 glasses of water and 2 dinner rolls.  My server apologized and asked if there was something else I would like instead, but by then I was too full from the water and bread that I just asked for dessert.My server came back with the menu and as an apology, she said dessert was on the house.  Horray!  I wanted something nice, so I asked her what the prettiest dessert was (I'm a sucker for plating).  She suggested the apple pie, whoopie pies, and since she was a chocolate lover, the chocolate cake called "Heaven Can Wait."  Wow, really?  I'll have that. The chocolate cake was simple but decadent, drenched a rich ganache and.. a sea salt chocolate stick? C'mon, what's with the salt?!  Nonetheless, I still throughly enjoyed the chocolate... it was the perfect amount of sweetness to balance the salt.All in all, I expected more than what I got.  One pleasant at the end of my meal was the free cotton candy with my check... one not so pleasant surprise was the $1 charge for the distilled water I was served.  Great staff, very friendly, but I'll come back just for the soup.
3	Workday Lunch Meeting.  The layout was nice, the decor was simple, modern, attractive.  The Distrcit tea is really tasty, kinda reminded me of a popsicle.  Yum.I ordered the halibut sandwich and it was okay, needed salt but I would rather salt food myself rather than have too much salt.The sweet potato tater tots were disappointing though, they were soggy.  The server asked how I liked them and I told them that I had thoght they would be crispy, he understood what I meant and said they are still working on perfecting them.The atmosphere is really good for working lunches and I would like to go again and try something other things on the menu.
4	The first time we went to District, it was for Mother's Day brunch.  They had a simple and effective brunch for a flat fee.  Sounded like a great deal and something that my mother would enjoy so we went ahead and made a reservation.Everyone who worked there was very nice.  They all told my mother "Happy Mother's Day" and everyone said hi.  Our waiter was very helpful.  He kept our mimosas, coffee, and water full throughout the meal.  He even brought out the executive chef and introduced us.  Very nice.The beauty of having a brunch buffet at a place like District is that you can try so many different things.  I love breakfast buffets and love being able to get exactly how much of each dish I want.  A summation of the dishes tried:*biscuits & gravy - buscuits were hard and the gravy was lacking in sausage flavor.  Not bad but not good either.*French toast casserole - tasty with a bit of fruit and chocolate inside it. A little mushy for my tastes but I could see someone loving it.*Sausage - Schreiners links were a bit spicy and completely amazing.*Yogurt parfait - served in a martini glass. Blueberries were fresh and tasty and the yogurt was great.*Assorted fruit - all of it tasted very fresh and was quite good.*sushi - not entirely sure what I was eating. There was a spicy tuna roll in there and some other things. They were good and tasted good.  Better than AJs.*shrimp - the shrimp was actually LOCAL grown in a shrimp farm in GIla Bend. Who knew? It was wonderful, fresh, and giant!  Great stuff.*orange cheesecake - the cheesecake was well done but I'm not sold on the orange flavor. In all, the experience was great and their commitment to local ingredients combined with quality service will get me to go back for a normal lunch or dinner.
4	Since Mother's Day is a special occasion and District was having a special event, we decided that now was as good a time as ever to try this place.  I am so glad that we did.  While I balked at how much we spent, I can't help but remember how good everything was, and that it is definitely worth it.We brought my other mom, mother-in-law, because she has a special appreciation for all things downtown and she had been wanting to try this place as well.  This place really is beautiful.  There is a modern edge to everything, but it's styled in a way that makes you feel incredibly comfortable here.  The staff is all unbelievably nice and friendly.  We were greeted with "Happy Mother's Day" all the way outside by the valet attendants to the inside by our server.  Not one staff member walked by without saying it.  That's a nice touch.Now the food.  WOW!  The buffet line was beautifully set up and was filled to the brim with excellent food.  I sampled, and then some, so much food that I thought I would burst.  I'm going to present this in list form because it's just easier that way.-French Toast Casserole: Sweet and tasty.  Like bread pudding in pecan roll form.-Scrambled Eggs - Light and fluffy and well seasoned.-Yogurt Parfait - Served in a martini glass with seriously good granola.-Bacon - Very good and cooked well.-Sausage - From Schreiners, very good but a tad to spicy for breakfast (at least for me)-Biscuits & Gravy - Different.  It wasn't very sausagey but I really enjoyed the taste of it.  It was not as heavy as normal B&G.-Fresh Fruit - The berries were served in shot glasses and were so perfect I couldn't believe it.  -Mac&Cheese - Definitely not my style, it was really boring to me, I would actually be upset if I ordered it.-Chocolate Mousse Cake - INCREDIBLE.  I wish I wasn't so stuffed at this point of my meal to actually enjoy it more.  The cake was super moist and dense, but the mousse inside was amazing.  I could eat a whole bowl of that stuff.I couldn't have been more pleased with this place.  Everything was delicious and beautiful.  I felt strangely at ease here.  It seems to be a fancy place, but it wasn't pretentious like I had expected.  We had such a wonderful time, and our server Jeff was fantastic.  One thing I was so amused with was every time an employee saw a napkin unfolded, they would twist it around and make it look nice again.Bottom line, I would love to come here again, but I will have to wait till Payday.
4	We belong to the "clean plate club!"With the mixed reviews on Yelp, I was hesitant. But we needed to change our theater night to Saturday during the NRA Convention, so we wanted to secure a downtown parking spot early. District offers 3 hour free valet parking.The restaurant was not crowded when we arrived or left even tho downtown was packed. Lots of large groups here. It wasn't especially contemporary looking as I expected; more typical of a hotel restaurant. The waiter (Orlando) was cute and attentive to our 8pm theater time.I ordered the Pseudo Stroganoff; a vegan dish made with seitan that was quite good. My theater pal had the pork tenderloin with mac/cheese and applesauce. The applesauce was more like apple syrup, but she raved about the tastiness of her meal too. We both agreed that we would definitely go back. The food was reasonably priced, well executed, and the service was as it should be.ps no more sweet potato tots.(Spell check says I have errors, so I apologize; but it doesn't offer alternatives.)
5	Umm, made from scratch Sloppy Joes and fancy Mac and Cheese?? Pshh, you had me at Sloppy baby...The fact that there are any sub-par reviews of this place shocks the hell out of me. I had my third meal at District last night, and just like my previous two, it was spectacular.In the business of full disclosure, my friend and I were going to try Moira for the first time, but alas it was closed, and obviously a sign because we stumbled a few blocks further south to District and had quite the satisfying meal.We walked in about 6:45, and I'm sad to report the place was empty.  We took a seat at a cocktail table in the bar area so I could watch the hockey game (seriously, I am a dream date) and perused the bar menu. A nicely mannered waitress approached us almost immediately and remained attentive and helpful throughout our entire meal.The coolest thing about the bar menu was their new take on the pairing menu.  No longer do you have to be a wine conosseur to enjoy the Chef's special menu.  District offers three separate 3 course tasting menus, one featuring a wine pairing, one featuring a cocktail pairing, and one featuring a beer pairing all for between $12 and $14!  I mean, how cool is that?  I challenge you to find a better bargain for such high-quality fare complete with booze...give it up, you can't, I've looked.  If you don't know already, District offers about 10 or 12 different Microbrews on tap an obvious plus for a beer drinker like myself.Being the difficult diner that I am, I asked for the Sloppy Joe Sliders off the beer pairing menu so I could get a couple other small things and try a bunch.  Yes, I am an adult, and no, I can't not order a Sloppy Joe when it is featured on a menu, I'm sorry, I just can't.And thank goodness I lack that sense of propriety because the Sloppy Joe Sliders were freaking fantastic!! 3 perfectly sized mini toasted buns filled with possibly the best, spiciest Sloppy Joes I have ever eaten. Seriously, I sucked down my Apricot Ale seemingly in seconds thanks to the District's take on this classic!  Just don't tell my Mom, she still convinced I'm quite fond of her Mamwich Joes...I also had to get a side of their Andouille infused Macaroni and Cheese, another embarrassing thing that I just can't not order if it's offered on a menu, and it did not disappoint.  Cheezy, creamy, gooey perfection. My only complaint is that I was so full from my Joes I barely made a dent in my Mac n Cheese...alas, there's always next time.My dining companion ordered what must have been the biggest freaking burger I have ever seen, but to be honest I did not really look or care because I was far too enamored with my meal to be distracted by anything else.All in all, I had a spectacular meal at the District, from beginning to end.  If you haven't checked out this gem at the new Downtown Sheraton, do yourself a favor, you'll be in for a treat.
3	After reading Georgie's review I was quite excited to try District. I went there last week and sat at the bar to indulge in their happy hour prices. THEY HAVE SANGRIA ON HAPPY HOUR! Now big props, it wasn't the best sangria (a little sweet for my tastes) but for Under 5 bucks I'm sold! This is the only place in the valley that I know of that includes this delicious beverage on happy hour.For food we sampled:+ shrimp po boy sliders - Awesome contained slaw and yummy sausage- cheeseburger sliders - Way to greasy wouldn't order again+ boneless chicken wings (they had a fancy name that I can't remember) decent- sweet potatoe tots - too greasy and served with a chutney that didn't really compliment the totsNow granted this was just the lounge menu. In looking at the full dinner menu there are quite a few dishes (mac n cheese, pot pies) that I will have to come back to try (and hopefully bump this review up a star).The staff was excellent, very friendly and the wide variety of people made for some interesting people watching.
4	OMG I'm stuffed.  I think I need a wheelchair to get around the office now...O gawd!So my coworker took me out to lunch today, and this is where she took me.  Its right outside of my office, so all we really have to do is cross the street to get to it.  I've been in here before, and always love it.Place is obviously well decorated.  Service is quick and friendly.  I liked thier menu selections.  ordered a cheeseburger, which came with fries!  I loved the presentation of it!  Fries came in a brown baggie!  My friends Mayo came in a tiny little one serving bottle.  Very pleasing to the eyes!   Food here is tasty, and delicious!  On the fancier side for having a burger, but Im not to much of a fancy eater these days. The burger itself was really delicious.  I got it with Cheese.  The only thing is that the fries were horribly oversalted!! UGH.  I couldn't even finish them!  My one coworker who eats here all the time said that the fries are always WAY to salty and is unsure of who to talk to about it.  Being that I dont eat here often, Im not sure either..plus, since Im not a regular, I dont want to go in there and be like "hey your fries are ALL ENTIRELY salt" and then leave....blah. Anyways...Place was great, will return in a heartbeat!
5	I had the salmon + asparagus risotto and the bourbon shake. The lady had the chicken wrap with fruit salad. The server was friendly and the decor of the restaurant was beautiful. It took a little bit of time to get our food but we were enjoying what was playing on the 2 TVs behind the bar.The food was delicious and the service was great.  It looked like a small amount of food when they brought it but we were stuffed and could not finish our meals. The food was moderately inexpensive for such a nice restaurant as well.
4	My partner and I had a nice experience here last week when we dined here for dinner before the El Divo show at Dodge Theatre.  We had a tasty appetizer, the crab cakes, together.  I had one of the soups, which was nice, and he had the mussels, which were extremely tasty.  There were also a lot of them.  It was very pricey but it was an elegant experience.  The service was great and we will go back again.  The atmosphere was extremely elegant and the place well decorated.  We might eat in the lounge, though, to save a few bucks next time.
5	The husband and I decided it would be a good idea to go back and try District for something other than breakfast because they had a $3 burger deal on Twitter.  Not wanting to pass up normally expensive food at poor people prices, we went in and were seated in the completely empty dining area.  Our order was taken quickly and our drinks brought out quickly as well.  The burgers came out on cool cast iron plates and our side order of Old Bay fries came in a paper bag.  I thought the presentation was really cute and not too kitschy.  The burgers were cooked exactly to our specifications and they were delicious!  They used great, fresh meat and were easy on the handling.  The fries were delicious.  They were thin, crisp, and the seasoning was perfect!  I can't really say anything bad for a 15 dollar lunch for two at District.  As expected, the service was just as wonderful as the first time we went, with nothing going un-refilled or wanted.  Great place, I just wish I could afford to go more often.
3	I'm struggling between 2, 3, 4 stars...  we'll see when I'm done.Really love downtown and truly support more destinations for food, drink and entertainment.   So the Sheraton opened about a year ago now.  I've been to a few meetings there, and also have stopped in to District for breakfast, lunch or dinner on several occasions on my way to something else downtown. Positives:- Lovely architecture and wonderful art, mostly from local Arizona artists which is a huge plus.   (Hint:  you can ask the concierge in the lobby for their guidebook to the art; it's not perfect but it's an interesting book.) - Very cordial, professional service.- All the food I ate at District was expertly prepared & presented- Everything I tried was delicious.Negatives:- There is nothing terribly exciting or inventive about the food on the District menu. - The biggest negative is the price - whoo-eee.   We're talking big city ("they gotta eat here because they're staying here")  exhorbitant hotel restaurant prices. I tried Sunday brunch today... just had a simple bowl of oatmeal, which came with - oddly - slivered almonds and candied orange rind cubes - which were actually quite tasty in the oatmeal.   A side of potatoes - rosemary red new potatoes, grilled.   Yum there too.   A pot of hot tea, and then a glass of fresh squeezed OJ.   How much do you think my total bill would be?   I was a little taken aback by the prices - I've attached photo of the breakfast menu for your review.   I got out of there for around $25 - yikes! They have a breakfast buffet which actually looks amazing - huge!   That's $15.95 and I thought it would be too much food - but if I had the ability to control myself I probably would have saved money by going that way with the brunch.Okay overall - it's A-Ok, 3 stars.   Too pricey for regular visits for me, but the type of place you can take your out of town guests to make sure they have a good meal, no penny pinching allowed!
5	So after our amazing Mother's Day experience at District, we really hadn't gotten back since then.  Sure, we stopped by when they were having their $3 burger deal (which was amazing) but it didn't really seem to warrant an update to the review since it was another special.  This past weekend, we FINALLY got over for breakfast.  This place is always appealing because it is right across from the AMC and we usually hit up a movie early in the morning.  This morning, in particular, we were feeling a little adventurous so we decided to head over to District for their Breakfast Bar.Now I'm a fan of breakfast buffets.  If we still had Shoney's here in PHX I would be there every weekend.  The opportunity for me to customize my plate to my exact specifications is never lost on me.  With District, they give you the most amazing ingredients to make your breakfast into a work of art.A lot of the food was the same as our Mother's Day brunch.  It featured the creamiest eggs I've ever had, the tastiest Schreiner's Sausage, and some bomb French toast that I covered in the best Vermont maple syrup I'd ever had.  There was a litany of fruits, yogurts, and breads for me to try as well.  Really, this was simply the best breakfast buffet I'd ever had.  We are totally going back for dinner during AZ Restaurant Week to try some more.
5	I'm not exactly sure how to say this, but I will try anyway.  THIS WAS THE BEST FREAKIN MEAL OF MY ENTIRE LIFE!!!!!!!!  Really, it was.  We decided to come by for Restaurant Week and I am soooooo glad we did!  The food was incredible and service, as always, was impeccable.  I ordered the shrimp po' boy sliders as an app.  DELICIOUS.  They were perfectly sweet and spicy at the same time.  I got the pork tenderloin with green beans, mac and cheese, and applesauce for my main course.  The pork was extremely tender and the bbq sauce was delectable.  The applesauce was a huge surprise.  It was super smooth and was perfect for smothering my pork.  Finally, dessert.  I got the Heaven Can Wait Chocolate Cake.  It was so moist and dense but so rich and fluffy at the same time!  It was served with a chocolate sea salt stick and that was just like nirvana in my mouth.  I also tried some of their lemon basil icee that was served with another dessert.  It was literally a rainbow of happiness in your mouth.  WOW.  That's all I can add.  This place deserves a chance.  Give them your money now!
4	Well, our initial plan was to go to Tuck Shop as I've been wanting to try it out. Unfortunately two ladies got there 1 sec before us and got the last table, the waiting area was packed with a group just hangin' and they had a 16 ppl reservation for later. There had sitting available right away at the bar but I'm pregnant and my back is killing me so bar stools were out of the question. They were very apologetic, which I thought was nice considering if wasn't their fault. I'm glad they're doing well. So I asked my husband if he wanted to try District and off we went. Actually, I made a reservation in case something happened and well, we ended up there.Nice and spacious, not crowded at all.  They were part of AZ restaurant week and we ordered from that menu.Shrimp sliders- I loved them! They should have a big version of it!Duck quesadilla- Very good as well, but I'm partial to anything with goat cheese.We both got the country chicken steak and it was really good. Mine came 1 med, 1 small pieces instead of a big one. The med piece was a bit dry and the breading was slightly burnt. The smaller one was perfect, juicy and crispy. The breading flavor was really good, slightly  spicy. The biscuits were awesome!! More of a cake-bread texture, light and fluffy and kind of sweet. Green beans were tasty as well.Strawberry shortcake whoopie pies with lime basil sorbet ( I think it was a sorbet)- It was good, but not something I'll order again. The pie filling was too sweet, even the tartness of the sorbet couldn't help it.Service was prompt, no hovering or having to wait for too long and our food came at a perfect pace.Great dining experience and it made me forget about Tuck Shop. I still want to try it though.
5	This is one of the best restaurants in town no exceptions.  I was there last week for AZ restaurant week.  The staff are courteous and very attentive to each and every need.  The food was exquisite and they have found a way to make everyday food alive in new ways.  I had the salmon with shrimp risotto and I have to say what a dish.  Everything on that plate was elegantly thought out and artfully crafted.  The executive chef even visited with us at our table and when he heard how much we liked the risotto he brought out the recipe for us to take.  The wine and beer selection is vast yet not overstated and also very reasonable.  They also have happy hour from 3-midnight on fridays with 1/2 drinks and food.  You know where to find me on Friday nights.  Overall you couldn't go wrong choosing this place for a first date, family dinner, office celebration or just a fun evening out.  It has everything you could want and more.  You'd be a fool not to try it.
5	Yeah, I know, another update, but what can I say?  Honestly, District does not have a good enough rating.  I'm not sure if people are missing the artfully crafted dishes with a subtle twist on traditional "American" food or if they just don't appreciate impeccable service and delicious locally grown foods.  Whatever, more for me!Yesterday we read a tweet from Chef Nathan that tempted us with the debut of the Lobster Pot Pie.  Of course we were there right at 5:00, we couldn't resist.  We ordered it and were served the most beautiful and impressive pot pie I have ever seen.  Now let's get something straight, pot pies are not glamorous, and they are rarely beautiful.  This baby was a definite standout and impressive to boot.  The pie stood incredibly tall on a large white plate and the mountain of puff pastry induced some serious jaw dropping on my part.  The crust was butter and flaky and it melted in your mouth.  The inside was TO DIE FOR!!!  There were huge tender, succulent chunks of lobster.  The veggies (potatoes, carrots, peas, carmelized onions, and celery) were all deliciously crisp and imparted just the right amount of flavor to this perfect dish.  The sauce that melded everything together was just slightly thick with a hint of sweetness that paired so well with the lobster.I can't say enough about this.  Chef Nathan came out to chat with us about the dish and was clearly excited about it.  He earnestly accepted any criticism we had, which was none, and listened to me rave on and on about how good it was.  He bought us our drinks too!  He's a great guy, and if you ever go and get a chance to chat with them, please do.  I LOVE THIS PLACE!
2	This is a review of the bar at District, because that's as far as I made it there. I stayed at the Sheraton for work, and after my meeting, was looking forward to dinner at District. Being that I was traveling solo, I wanted to dine at the bar so that I could watch the college football games (I also think it's more lonely to dine at a deuce solo). It took the two bartenders about 5 minutes to acknowledge me (the bar is not that big) but once one did, he recommended me a good local draft beer at the happy hour price, despite it being about a minute after happy hour which was cool of him. I asked to see a dinner menu and was told 'I'm only allowed to serve the bar menu at the bar'. This differed from the experiences of others I read about on Yelp, and it pissed me off. The hotel is a business hotel. Your main clientele are business travelers, often solo diners. I've never gone to a restaurant where I could not get the full menu at the bar. The restaurant was at most, 2/3rd full so it wasn't as if the kitchen was slammed due to a huge rush. I chugged my beer and took off to Kincaids. Later that night, I relayed my experience at District to the bartender at the hotel lobby bar who also found it puzzling but said that perhaps a meltdown situation in the kitchen lead the bartender to enforce the limited menu offerings. Not cool with me.
5	This is a great place to dine ahead of a show or concert event in downtown. Make a reservation, arrive a few minutes early then simply enjoy an uncomplicated metropolitan dining experience in a spacious dining room with a wall of windows to the street and also a patio to dine outside. The menu offers an inviting range of choices. As a party of four we were all very pleased with our selection of appetizers, dinner, wine and dessert. We enjoyed the lobster pie, filet mignon and barbeque chicken and would order them again. Our server was knowledgeable about the menu offerings, attentive and friendly, great service, food and a relaxing dining experience. This was our second visit to the District, admittedly the first experience dining here was not great - this one was!
4	Decided to take a road trip from south Scottsdale and have dinner downtown.  Within walking distance of our next stop, District fit the bill.  I was really impressed with the design of the restaurant.  Great windows, lots of trees, inside and out, nice patio complete with a hungry kitty I spotted.  I was surprised by the lack of customers on Saturday night, but it was Halloween.I decided to try something new and not have a meal before the meal, so we skipped appetizers.  They do serve bread before the meal, but it's just a standard dinner roll that really should be served warm, but isn't.  For my entree, I had the cedar roasted salmon with risotto.  The salmon was served on the plank with crispy shallots.  The preparation was simple, no special sauce or anything, but the fish was cooked perfectly.  The risotto was filled with shrimp, asparagus, and parmesan cheese.  Although maybe just a little on the salty side, it was delicious.  My husband had the lobster pot pie.  When it's presented, you will think it's ginormous, but it's really just the puffed pastry.  Once you pop it, it's a manageable portion.We opted to share a dessert and went with pecan pie spring rolls.  These, too, were served on a plank with a caramel dipping sauce and bourbon chantilly.  Quite good, although I thought the plank made it awkward to share this dessert.  And speaking of sharing, you may want to ask about portion size before opting to share.  Our dessert was three small rolls that was perfect to share if you just want a little something sweet.  But if you expect to completely indulge, might want to order your own.  Unless, you're going to stick with the complimentary cotton candy at the end of the meal.  If they had a carousel out front, you could save a lot and skip the fair!As far as service, it is a little slow.  But it's slow as in "relax and enjoy your evening" slow, not "where the hell is my stinkin' food" slow.  And the server did ask if we had a theater performance to catch, so it appears they make the effort to ensure you're out on time.Definitely worth coming to again sometime!
1	I am expressing my great DISAPPOINTMENT with the service I received from The District in October 2009.  In the beginning of October, I approached The District to see if it would be possible to bring about 70 to 100 people on a Thursday night at around 10:30 p.m..  Not only did they say it would be great, they would have drink specials and have the happy hour menu available to our guests. And also, the manager had told me and another colleague there's hardly any business on Thursday, so it was great to have an organization interested in having a mixer at The District.  Thursday night came, the level of customer service and professionalism that the manager gave us was HORRIBLE!  The way he treated me, others and the fact that we brought about 70 to 100 people there itself was definitely something to remember.  NOT only did they lie about accommodating our large group obviously The District could not do so, nor did the management team care to do so.   The place was already crowded with other guests which is great for them HOWEVER, the manager never tried to accommodate all our guests which they knew we were coming! ...for seating, passing out menus..the only way people were able to order if they were seated which they couldn't,  some individuals were waiting a very long time for a drink that cost $15, there were no drink specials besides the beer and possibly the wine, I never I saw the menu, but I do know people were not happy with purchasing a tiny drink for $15 a pop! The manager did speak to another individual with my guests at one point and had told him, individuals can not get drink specials at the bar, however, there was nowhere to sit , the majority of the tables were already pre occupied.   Also, the executive director of the non profit organization that I work for had ordered just a Dr. Pepper, he gave the bartender a $20, received the drink and never received his change, when he asked the bartender, the bartender took his name down and did not give him his change.  HE HAS YET TO RECEIVE HIS CHANGE FOR A DR. PEPPER.  I never received a thank you for bringing people to The District that night.  IT WAS VERY DISORGANIZED AND VERY UNPROFESSIONAL TEAM AT THE DISTRICT.  Also, the manager had said to me and the executive director  that we would receive free valet parking since we were at The District, we had to pay over $40 for parking.   It was a very frustrating night. Bottom line, we truly did not feel welcome at The District.  I was put in the predicament where I had to clear up confusions and make my guests feel welcomed.  At one point had considered having a kickoff party and/or mixers at The District, bringing over 100+ guests, but after the customer service/treatment everyone received from the management team and wait staff, I am now reconsidering ever utilizing The District and the Sheraton. As for myself, I was very disappointed and had expected great service.THIS IS THE FUNNY PART!  I did receive (a week later) an email from Heinrich Stasiuk, District GM.  Very insincere apology, THE FUNNY PART...he attached the email to the ongoing inside conversation between the managers stating I was difficult (sorry but you promise me certain things, should be able to keep it!) also stated in the email "but they made good money from us" .if you are a business or non profit organization trying to find a place to hold your mixer or dinners, I hope either you reconsider or let them know you've read my review!  Since I was difficult, I'm sure they will remember me and the fact they probably made about $3000+ off of my guests.
1	I was one of the 100+ guest with Michele's mixer. It was crazy!! There was already a handful of people from a convention staying at the hotel in the bar area. Michele group came in and was just standing around all over (host station, bar area, circle area, hallways, etc), the District not enough tables or chairs ready. Problem is the District knew of this event and the area was suppose to be reserved. Instead we had a sea of people just trying to get drinks from the bar, because they had no table for the servers to take their order. I stood in the hallway near the restrooms and watched 4 managers (their had their name tags on their blazers, very important people) do nothing to solve the problem except for just watch the sea of people and their drowning servers. They were there for 20 mins and just left. I noticed there was another part of the place complete empty with plenty of tables and chairs, but that portion of the District was not opened for the 100+ standing guests in the bar area. I did not get it??? In this economy, doesn't the business want people to have chance to SPEND money? After 1 hour later, I got a dirty table in the circle area, but no server in sight to clear off the table or to see what is on the menu. I had to stop a server to come clean up the table and provide menus for us. The drinks, food, and dessert was fabulous!! It was not the servers fault for being inattentive, it was the managing team's FAULT for not being prepared for a reserved mixer.
3	Have not stayed there but had dinner at the restaurant on a Sunday night. Food was good, price was OK but made it great was the 1/2 price promotion on a bottle of wine that they were running on Sunday nights. The presentation of the food is really creative and it makes up for the small portions. They give you some cotton candy after your meal. A nice touch. It is a great place to go if you are going to a play at the Herberger or another downtown event. Went back for lunch it was good but expensive for what you got. Will only go back at lunch when someone else is picking up the tab :-). As far as the hotel itself the outside looks like it was modeled after a Moscow public housing development but the inside is incredible. If you keep your eyes closed until you get inside the building you will be pleased.
3	2.5 starts for really crappy service!!!For such a nice place, you'd think they'd have better service.  Holy frijoles, it sucked!  I went for the game night that Glenn and Bri planned.  I finally saw a guy walk by in a suit and said (in my not-so-quiet voice) "I'll never come back here again."  He came right to our table with more Yelpers and said "Are you guys the Yelpers?"  I had to actually raise my hand, like in 3rd grade, the rest of the night to get refills on my drink.The food was good.  Only good.  The crab cakes were AWESOME.  Huge hunks of crab, and only crab, coated with a light crumb and served on a sauce with REAL horseradish.  The fries?  Not so good.  Their only saving grace was that they were coated in Old Bay seasoning.  They were just normal shoestring fries, though.I really doubt I would go back just to eat.  The ambience is really nice, though.  I just think that for a hotel restaurant, which in itself is in the HOSPITALITY industry, they'd have better service.  At one time, our server even changed color!  He said he was from Cuba.  I called him Fidel.  He laughed.
3	My friends & I stopped in at the District last night for a few after dinner drinks last night. The bar area had a good amount of people so we seated ourselves at a high table off to the side. The server patiently waited for us to make our choices, brought them out not too long later and checked in every so often to make sure we were doing ok. He was nice enough to split up our tabs without us asking, but he charged me for my friend's 2 orders. No big deal though because I had cash so my friend was able to easily handle the rest of the bill. All in all, it's a chill place for a Friday night, but the music isn't really our thang.
3	I know I enjoy food when I think about how good it was later..like days and days later. It has been about a week and I am still craving the Mac n' Cheese I inhaled during my Happy Hour visit. The Macaroni was cooked to perfection, the cheese was the perfect consistency and texture, and the addition of spicy sausage really set the dish apart. While the service was impossibly slow, every waiter I came in contact with was extremely nice. But nice or not, I was sucking on melted ice for half the night while I waited to get my drinks refilled. No bueno. The atmosphere was relaxing and casual, and the bathrooms were fabulous!! Well lit, great aroma, and my choice between cloth hand towels or paper. The bathroom had well placed mirrors which made the space feel big and clean.I will definitely come back, but next time I might sneak in my own drink.
4	Every hotel restaurant I have ever been to has had sub par service.  Couple that with reviews heralding the bad service here and I wasn't expecting much.  We had dinner on New Year's Eve before a show at Dodge.  We let our server know we had a show and that we'd like to be done with dinner in about an hour.  He said it would not be a problem and definitely delivered on that promise. Considering it was a five-course dinner that was quite impressive.  We were out right on time but never once felt rushed.  And our drinks were refilled promptly, water and cocktails. The food was great. I was also a little worried about that as it was a set menu for the evening.  I wasn't expecting it.  There were, however, plenty of choices on the menu. I ordered the pork chop served with applesauce (pork chops and apple shauce) and mac and cheese. The pork chop was cooked PERFECTLY and it was still juicy.  That's hard to pull off.  The mac was fantastic too. My boyfriend had the filet which he could cut with his fork. We had a duck quesadilla starter that was tasty as well.  I really look forward to coming back for Happy Hour and a sampling of the other menu items.  On a side note, we also stayed at the hotel that night.  The rooms are beautiful, the beds are cozy and the staff at this place is so helpful and friendly.  It was a great experience all around. If you ever want to make an evening/ weekend of an event downtown, this is the place to do so.
4	I had a great time at District last night. After a long day/night of work at the theatre, we walked across the street to District for a glass of wine and something warm and yummy to eat. Apparently, "Happy Hour" lasts all day on Fridays. A few of us took advantage of their specials and enjoyed the cheese plate, the mac & cheese (yum) and the sweet potato fries. I had previously been to District for dinner and enjoyed the crab cakes. This was my first time going there just for the bar area. On Friday night, the place was hoppin'. People seemed to be coming from either the Suns game or the Arizona Theatre Company production across the street. Great ambiance. Nice wine list. Yummy food.
1	I read about District in Phoenix magazine and looked forward to it all week. I live in N. Scottsdale and rarely get to downtown Phoenix.Got there about 5:30 last Saturday so they weren't busy. The hostess first sat us at one of the horrible small two person tables but we had to move over one table because there was some syrupy food on the bench. I told the waitress when she eventually got to us and she said she would get it taken care of but it sat there the entire time we were there.We had to request a wine list!!!!! HI!!! Isn't "Wine Bar" in the name of the joint? Seriously, it just went downhill after walking in the door. It took about ten minutes to actually get a bottle of wine once ordered. Then the busboy brought some freshly chilled dinner rolls. Why bother wrapping them in a napkin and putting them in a pretty bowl? To keep the cold in?? The calamari was actually good, the two sauces they brought to go with it were blah at best.Entrees. Scallops still frozen in the middle! Crab cakes were barely above room temperature. Too bad, they could have been something. The best thing: french fries. It took at least ten minutes for the scallops to come back, what the hell? Scallops shouldn't even be cooked for ten minutes.Will never return unless there's a giant "Under New Management" banner hanging out front!!
4	This place started out as the regular place for my friends and I to gather during happy hour and get a little sauced before walking across the street to catch a movie at Arizona Center.That's worked out so well for us that we think District whenever we need to meet up downtown. I've been there twice this week because they keep posting great specials on twitter. Monday they had a bowl of chili and beer for $5, Thursday they had a $3 cheeseburger that was killer. Watch for the specials.Service is always friendly in a genuine way, I haven't had anything I'd say was bad, and the food is always presented beautifully. The best things I've tried so far are the po' boy sliders and the burger. I was meh about the moon pies, but they came with a shake that more than made up for it.The restaurant validates the hotel's valet parking for three hours, so you don't need to worry about parking downtown.
4	I had been jonesing to try the District for sometime after hearing rave reviews from several folks. I tried to get there for dessert one night, but was rebuffed by the host when I was told there was a private party. So when the opportunity arose to join the #smc crew one night before a movie, I jumped at the chance. I saddled up to the bar while waiting for everyone else. It was kind of empty, but it was a Wednesday night. They didn't have the biggest selection of bottled beers and being the beer snob I am, I didn't want any of the domestics they offered. Thankfully they had Kiltlifter on tap. They had an extensive wine list as well, for those of you that are interested. The rest of the group arrived and we sat a high top in the bar area. They had a Twitter special for $5 meals with a beer. I chose the Meatloaf sliders with caramelized onions and the Gumbo with sausage. The Meatloaf sliders were exceptional, although on the small side, but for $5 well worth it. Very savory sauce and the onions were perfect. The Gumbo wasn't as spicy as billed, but was very good too. The regular menu was a little pricier, but there were definitely some other dishes that caught my eye. Georgie S was one of those in attendance and we decided to split the chocolate cake. This was heavenly! Very rich and perfect size for sharing. Overall a good dining experience. One where I will be back for sure. It is also within walking distance of my building. The joys of living downtown...
2	I've been here twice, both times I ate at the bar.  This place is a generic hotel restaurant.  I've had the shrimp po boy sliders and the meatloaf sliders.  Don't even bother...while tasty, each dish comes with two sliders the size of half dollars.  The shrimp was especially meager as each slider had a single fried popcorn shrimp.  Last time I was here with my wife and a friend, we tried to sit at one of the high top tables next to the bar, but apparently for no good reason you cannot order entrees at the high tops (though you can at the bar).  So they forced us to squeeze into a space at the bar instead of allowing us to enjoy our meal in comfort.  The bartender had a better than thou attitude, also for no good reason.  My wife got the lobster pot pie which was nothing like a real pot pie one would get in New England.  My friend got the salmon which she did not like.  Neither of them finished their meals.  To top it off, some creepy old drunk dude who was there for a conference was obnoxiously hitting on my friend, to the point where he was physically groping her.  This continued to happen right in front of the bartender who did nothing to stop the situation.  I was forced to literally take the guy  outside and tell him that if he touched my friend again he'd spend the rest of the night in the hospital.Hopefully I don't have to spend another sorry minute in this place.
2	This is purely a review on the lounge, on Friday, 2/26/2010.Weak.Overpriced drinks, small crowd, nothing to write home about. I was checking my Twitter account trying to find somewhere better to go. When I walked by a few hours later, still nothing good to report.Maybe it was an off night due to the Waste Management Phoenix Open, but I was glad I left and didn't come back.
3	I like downtown Phoenix.. District was a cool place to go after some dinner date-age... I actually thought it was pretty cool for a hotel lounge bar.. cool drinks.. about the price you find in Scottsdale or any other downtown venue.. I had the muddled berry lemonade.. well I tried to have 2.. However they are strong! My thing was that the muddled drink needs a wider straw.. not a stir stick you find on board one of the airplanes I work on to stir your coffee and cream with.. and the waitress forgot about us a bit.. but I liked the ambience.. the dj was spinning pretty decent stuff and my muddled drink at 8.5 was pretty cool fixed with herbs from the garden atop..
5	I am bumping District up to 5 stars.  Why you ask?  The Buffalo Sloppy Joe with tater tots.  That's why!  De-Lightful.  It came on this buttery/potatoey bun and was the perfect mix of sloppy and tasty.  The tots came in this little cast iron pot.  They were great, although I did find myself longing for about another 100 or so.  I was also able to sample the tomato soup my lunch companion had ordered.  Very delicious as well.  Plus they are open for lunch on Sundays.  Most places downtown were closed.  I heart District!!!
3	We sat in the bar so my review is just on that portion of the restaurant...The scenery is nice, there were a nice mix of people and the wait staff were very friendly.Best: beer prices and good choices, some were only $3 and that is not on special. Buffalo wings were grilled and you got a ton, Meatloaf sliders were wonderful but you only got 2...boo, worst: my cheeseburger sliders tasted like they were fishy...probably not a good sign, cashews should have just been free not on the bar menu for $5, and chips and dip are so so, It was a nice place to check out, I would recommend eating in the restaurant though instead. It seemed like a better menu. Also I believe if you follow them on twitter and facebook they have secret specials...might be worth checking out also!
4	Happy hour here is a must. Try the wings and sweet potato fries. AND, beers (GOOD beers) are $3.
4	I have been dying to go here since a coworker's spouse is one of the chefs. We finally went  last night  before the Symphony and it was a very good dining experience. The food came impossibly fast. The shrimp and Sausage Po Boy sliders were heavenly. The bread is this roll type of joy like break back east. Yum. You know the type of bread you can't find in AZ or west of the Rockies as Al Pacino would say-lol!They also served the bread basket with a veggie type of garnish if mixed with butter and put on the bread it had a very pleasing taste to it. Innovative menu- Lobster Potpie and Duck Quesadillas. HMMMMMM! Interesting. I had a side of Mac and cheese which is what I had heard about for so long and a Caprese Salad. My friend had divine Salmon. I am not a Salmon fan but i tasted it and it was yummers. My Ice tea was tasty and my friend had  a Basil Mojito that was mixed well. I don't like them usually because they are so strong mouthwashy tasting, but this had a nice blend to it. The restaurant decor is beautiful.We did not get desert but I want to go back and try those Seasalt sticks. All in all I loved going here. DT was packed last night due to Wrestle-Mania but we were in and out  in an hour at 5ish, so try that time to avoid crowds. Service was great despite other reviews. I know great service and I had it.
3	This past week I had the chance to attend a performance of The Glass Menagerie performed by the Arizona Theater company.  The show let out too late to consider eating afterward so I hustled out of work somewhat on time and headed downtown.  This place had been pointed out to me a while back when I met somebody at Arizona Center.  And just this past week I had read another brief article about their happy hour.Got there about 5:30 and picked a high top in the bar area with a view of the street figuring I would people watch.  I was greeted fairly quickly and put in my beer and food order.  Little did I know I would end up stuffed on just a couple of appetizers.  I ordered the buffalo sloppy joe sliders ($4 for 2) and the macaroni and cheese ($5).  I was afraid the spiciness of the sliders would make the macaroni and cheese bland. Not to fear, with the addition of andouille sausage the macaroni and cheese was anything but bland.  While both items were tasty I am not sure I am a big fan of either as I don't do heat well.  It was also nice to note that somebody else's cheese sauce breaks down and looses the proper smooth texture.  About the time I was done eating I changed my seat to the other side of the table and watched the second half of he Suns game while enjoying another beer.The place is definitely a hotel bar and most of the patrons were business guests which has a particular vibe to it.  The happy hour pricing, which goes until 7 and again at 10 is quite reasonable, I spent $15 plus tax and tip for two beers and 2 good sized appetizers.  The service was good.  I would go here again for happy hour if in the area.
3	02/18/10Based on the three food items I tried alone, I'd have to give District 2.5 stars, but the service helped to make this visit a solid three stars.  The server was a trooper answering the questions she knew the answer to and trekking back and forth for those she didn't.  I tried the sweet potato fries (pass- too greasy, no crunch); the mac 'n cheese (the sausage chunks did wonders for this dish; the watery cheese sauce made this dish a definite pass); and the delicious award-winning apple pie (WINNER, but lose the chunk of cheddar... I like cheddar on my apple pie, but melty, thin slices, not in a square-inch cube!).  I also had a nice glass of red.I'd love to go back again soon to try out their lunch and dinner menus.  The ambience here is VERY nice... If you can't stop for a bite to eat or a glass to drink, then, at the very least, take a stroll indoors.  Impressive, yet not too swanky.Another plus is that it is directly across the Herberger Theater!  It's nice to be able to enjoy a refreshing beverage or a lovely piece of pastry before taking a stroll down to see a show...
3	I left only slightly impressed with District. The atmosphere and decor is fabulous, but the places seems to be insanely larger than it needs to be. I came with a group of approximately 15 and it felt like we snuck in at night for a snack. There was almost no one there - at 8pm on a Friday.Our service was a little slow, especially towards the end when we were trying to get our bill so we could head to another venue at Arizona Center in time for some geeky karaoke fun. I did have a great pineapple muddled drink and the scallops with potato pancakes were delicious. Overall the menu really didn't stand out enough in my mind to force myself another go, but it wasn't so bad I would avoid it.
2	I really really really want to like the District!  But both times I was there, I had awful service - all due to the kitchen screwing up the orders. The first time I was there I had the pork loin with the mac n' cheese.  After being the last one getting her food by a few minutes, the pork loin = not cooked on the inside.  I told the server and he said, no that is the way that it should look and went on about how they cook it back in the kitchen.  When I showed him the meat...he then said "Oh no!  That isn't how it should be at all!"  Takes my food away.  20 minutes later...new pork loin.  With my waiting (everybody was done by then) not having it done the first done, etc...I should have thought that I would have been compensated for something.  Nope nothing!  Oh! And the server kept on forgetting to refill my iced tea...HUGE pet peeve.2nd time was last night and my friend and I were sitting at the bar.  We ordered off the happy hour menu with the cheeseburger - no onion (me) and plain Hamburger with nothing on it but grilled onions for my friend.  And we ordered sweet potato fries.  After a half hour (and we had tickets to see Conan in another 45 minutes) our food comes out.  Mine with onions and my friend with cheese and no onions.  Oh, and no sweet potato fries.  We tell the manager the mistake and took our plates away.  We also told the manager and the bartender that we had tickets and had to leave soon.  10 minutes later...our burgers came out again.  Mine was correct, my friend didn't get her grilled onions.  The manager told us that they do not grill onions.  Ooooh-kay!  And still no sweet potato fries.  Uh, where are our fries?  The bartender never put it in the system so the manager made him do that before we could get our fries.  Running late....we scarfed down our food.  At least we were only charged for our iced teas for this catastrophe.The end!
2	Some chicas and I were heading down to Phoenix to see a play on a Friday night, and needed a place close by the theater for some food and drinks prior (it is a play!)  I found District online and it looked promising and right across from the Herberger.  It is situated in the bottom of the Sheraton hotel, but is very large for a hotel bar/restaurant.  Online I learned they had a good looking happy hour with comfort type food and reasonable drinks - score!  They had a nice patio, so we asked the hostess if we could sit outside for happy hour, but she informed us we could not, only for dinner.  Hmmm, ok?  She said we could sit in the bar, but the bar was packed, not a seat to be had.  My friends and I joked that we could sit what looked like a rolling banquet cart - and try to find chairs.  I went to the bar to atleast get some cocktails while we hovered for a table.  I ordered 3 of the White Peach Sangria's, which were on happy hour for $3.75.  As great as they sound, they were not good.  It tasted like they had dumped the whole "can" of cling peaches in the drink, because all I could taste was syrup.  We found a table and proceeded to order some food.  We shared the All American Cheeseburger, a huge burger a la carte, for only $6, the Sloppy Joe Sliders, 3 small sliders for $5 (manwich?.)  The Spiced Sweet Potato Fries, which were great at $3 and came in a little brown bag with a moroccan type yogurt sauce for dipping, and the Mac N Cheez with Beer Hots.  I loved the Mac N Cheez, but my friend wasn't crazy about the hot dogs in it.  The burger was by far the best deal, a huge burger and only $1 more than the 3 tiny little sloppy joe sliders.  We then ordered a round of Vodka/Sodas, and they didn't dissapoint.  Our total tab for 3 was around $46 before tip, so a pretty good deal.  DO get the burger and the sweet potato fries, but get a beer or a mixed drink instead of the white peach sangria.
4	This is a good place to eat but given the food that is in the greater Phoenix area, it is just ok. The atmosphere is that of a very top notch restaurant. It's in the Sheraton but the prices are more reasonable than you might expect. The service is good. The menu is ok but did lack some variety I thought. Still though if you're in the area not a bad place to stop. Especially for a business dinner.
4	Went to @districtkitchen today, after doing the National Day of Action Against SB1070 Phoenix March.Having previously been an employee of the hotel, I was looking forward to being a patron of the restaurant.It didn't disappoint. (mostly)I enjoyed their hefeweizen. (Seeing a pattern here?)I was feeling a bit peckish, so I ordered the cheesy corn dogs, because there is never a bad time for a corn dog.I was not aware they were only half corn dogs. Alas, there were three halves brought out on a plate. (slight disappointment)They were served with three types of mustard; horseradish, coarse deli, and dijon.The mustards were VERY tasty, but I didn't care much for the color of the horseradish mustard; kind of purple-ish.Had a couple more beers, and decided I was still hungry. It helped that it was now happy hour. :)I was pondering the buffalo sliders, but I decided to get a hamburger. I was glad I made that choice. Turns out the corn dogs only made me more hungry than I thought I was.The burger was delicious! (thanks, guys!)Filled me right up.I am glad I finally had the opportunity to patronize the District, and I look forward to returning again, and again.Also, as I arrived too late to be seated in the dining room, I sat at the bar. Matt was the bartender, and I commend his service; my beer never went empty without the question of "Another?" being asked, and my food was delivered promptly. Matt also made great conversation, when there was a moment.Only other thing I'd say; the coffee in the carafe at the bar was not terribly hot.
4	Yippie!  That is what I was thinking when walking into District for the first time.  Corny as it sounds, I was pretty excited to finally get to try it out.  After many, many months of my bus passing it every morning on the way to work, and drooling over their online lunch menu, I was finally on the other side of the glass windows.  The idea of their lunch trios makes me want to sing.  I am all about trying a little bit of everything so this is right up my alley.  And the happy hour snacks really had me hungry.  Sloppy Joe Sliders?  How could we go wrong?The vibe is fancy, but not too fancy.  I was a little bummed that they were out of Pyramid Apricot Ale as that was one of my top five reasons for wanting to go there, however, I was quickly consoled by the creamy, delicious Oatmeal Stout (not Four Peaks, but it was still good).The Sloppy Joe Sliders were good, but too good to share.  The order cam with two small sliders and I wanted them both!  Had to try mac and cheese and was not disappointed!  Beer hots, by the way, are slices of spicy sausage, in case any one else looked and the menu and wondered.Buffalo bites satisfied my wing sauce craving and as far as the chips go, I would pass on queso and double up on the onion dip! The servers were nice and attentive. I will most certainly be coming back to District for our after work happy hours (or Professional Networking Session as we like to label it on our Outlook calendars) and when the weather cools off a bit, I'll be walking over for their lunch specials!See you there!
2	I like this place but tonight not so. I ordered a microbrew (good) and fish and chips (not so good). Not sure what it was but the fish didn't taste that good. Not sure if it was bad or what. I mentioned to the server but she didn't offer to make amends. I'm sure I'll come back since I've been here before and like the food but no more fish and chips.
4	I like District compared to other restaurants nearby. I have eaten in the restaurant and in the bar area. Both have been pleasurable experiences with surprisingly good food and drinks, yet it is pricey. I like the ambience too. Overall, it has a good feel to it. The only reason I didn't give it a 5/5 is for the clientele/crowd. Being that it is a part of the Sheraton, there seem to be a lot of conference/business folks there. I wouldn't say this is a place to go if you wanted to be seen. Cheers.
4	Solid happy hour spot.  I''ve been twiceand the prices and service are great.   The atmosphere is a bit corporate, but it's a good option for large groups.  $3 for good beer, and a solid app menu as well.
4	The District American Kithchen is a great spot ! When I walked into the hotel, it had hints of the something you'd find In SOHO in New York. The breakfast burrito was very very good. I can't wait to go back for Happy Hour (3-7) , great drink prices and the lounge is ultra fancy with a NYC Chic !! love it !  With complimentary  valet which I love !! Great food and service = 4 stars !!
5	Had a fabulous girls dinner here! I'd never been, but one of the girls suggested it. At first I was little leery, I haven't really had my best meals in hotel restaurants. I was pleasantly surprised.The place is really pretty, polished but unpretentious and comfortable with large tables and booths (the kind of place you can meet with a big group of friends and they aren't put off), and the bar area was hoppin. The service was very good, our waiter made great suggestions based on what we'd like and was very attentive. Best of all was the food. I had the Caesar Salad, which was decent, but the baked tomato soup was realllllllyyy good. The flavors were delicious (sometimes tomato soup can be really acidic but my guess is that they even it out with a creamy base maybe?) and the potato souffle (sort of a whipped twice baked potato side) which was also really nice.I will definitely be back, and I recommend it!
2	My regional manager was in town for a couple of days & was staying at the Sheraton downtown. I have heard mixed reviews about the District but thought I would check it out for myself...what a mistake! Please know, my manager loves all the great non-chain places (Vig, Postino, etc) I take her to when she comes to Phoenix so all the more disappointing to have such a terrible meal. I will start by saying the service was great & prompt. The bread before dinner was yummy but it all went downhill from there. There were 3 of us & we all had different meals ( Short ribs, lobster pasta & steak) & all 3 were horribly salty. After a couple of bites I realized the taste of my short ribs closely resembled the smell of a sour/dirty sponge! Our server offered to bring us all something different but by that point we were all so tired & turned off we opted not to have her go through the trouble. The manager also came by & offered dessert or anything else we wanted which was nice & earned them the stars. Our entire dinner was taken care of by the manager with the exception of my pineapple mojito which was good, but we all went to bed hungry that night. So if you are in the area & looking for a place to have drinks then it is great spot for that but I would avoid the food.
3	After walking past for awhile now, I finally stopped in at their bar during happy hour.   After a couple of Stone IPAs I decided to get something to eat. "Nachos Dejour"...humm nachos are pretty safe usually.  When they came out I was disapointed to see cheese sauce.  Really?!  Ok so I take a bite....hummm....kinda sweet....sloppy joe meat?! [ I think I recall seing some type of sloppy joe slider on the menu. ]  Not inedible (I did finish them).  If this is the same cheese sauce they use on their much acclaimed  mac n cheese I am not impressed... If I wasn't slightly buzzed and hungry I would have been even more disapointed than I already am.  The ambiance 4 stars, the service 3.5 stars....the nachos...2 and I am being nice since technically I did eat what was served.
4	My boyfriend and I visited The District during restaurant week and were quite pleased by our experience! The food was very yummy, I had pork tenderloin with applesauce & mac n cheese- sounds simple, but oh-so-yummy when done creatively! My man had the short rib, which was also delish, and quite a large serving. Dessert was also delicious, we had the lemon cheesecake and the s'mores- delightful! Then they brought us cotton candy with the check! Fun little surprise to end your meal! The waiter said it was because @ their grand opening they had cotton candy and people were disappointed when they took it away, so now it was his privilege to deliver cotton candy with every check! The wine that came with the AZ restaurant week menu was also quite good, and the overall decor of the restaurant was lovely and modern. Overall, great experience! I'd probably go back!
1	Tried to visit District as part of the Urban Wine Walk. It was only moderately busy in the bar and several other tables were participating in the UWW. However, after waiting at a table for over 15 minutes, watching a waiter walk by us three times, and see another waiter bus tables next to us without even a hello, my group decided it was time to move on to find better service and an establishment interested in our business.
2	Let me start by saying I REALLLLLLLLLY wanted to like this place. It's beautiful, great location, blah blah blah...so this was our third stop on the Urban Wine Walk this past weekend. They weren't terribly busy, but the service was abysmal, the wine (I had the Oberon sauvignon blanc) tasted as if it had turned very, VERY bad and had a funky, skunky aftertaste to it. YECCCH! BLEH! Life's too short for yucky wine. My friends had the Louis Martini cabernet and said it was ok, but we, as a whole, were not impressed that day. One of my friends had been there earlier in the week and said the food was good, so we looked at their menu.  That being said, it looks tasty, but from what we saw being delivered to the tables, it is a bit overpriced. It would probably be an ok place for date night, but I won't be in any big hurry to go back to give them a second chance.
5	I wanted to find a place for my boyfriend and I that was modern and chic without being too "fine dining."  This place was the perfect pick!  I was a little worried after reading some of the mixed reviews but this place was amazing!The service was awesome!  Everyone was very attentive and the server was great with our special requests.The ambience was great.  Very modern and nice.The food was GREAT.  My boyfriend and I loved everything we got from the drinks to the desert.  The fresh berry drink was amazing and the bartender let us have vodka rather than gin in our drinks.  I got the scallops which were some of the largest scallops I've ever had.  They were cooked perfectly.  My boyfriend had the salmon with the shrimp risotto and loved it.  We also ordered a small side of the mac & cheese I had read about and it was one of the best I've had and I have had a lot of mac & cheeses!  Since it was our 4 year anniversary the server surprised up with a free dessert.  He brought us the devil's food cake.  We were so stuffed at this point but still had to try the dessert and it was also very delicious.  The marscapone push-pops were an amazing compliment to the dessert.The place was pretty dead for a Thursday night but most of downtown Phoenix is always dead!  I really loved this place and will definetly return!
5	I have been now about 5 times, I must say.. It just keeps getting better... Yes the service issues mentioned in so many reviews, I think MGMT has taken notice, and service the last two times has been notched way up.. The Food here for a Hotel is outstanding.. Wife and I had the Buffalo Rib eye, Yukon Souffle, Crispy rock shrimp app, Pumpkin Whoopie Pie(YUM) And the Choc PB Cake(Double YUM) They have free Valet, it is never busy, so you can walk right in, and it is a gorgeous restaurant. I feel like it is our little guilty pleasure.
5	Had a business lunch today at District and I cannot say enough about it. The restaurant itself is beautiful, especially the outdoor area. Our service (we had Ken taking care of us) was impeccable both in method and attitude. The food was stellar, and my lunch guest is a chef, so she is picky. Warning--sandwiches don't come with fries, so if you want them, order them as a side. I had the chicken panini and my guest had the shortrib sandwich and we were both very pleased. I will note that I would suggest asking for a bread substitution on the shortrib sandwich--I thought ciabatta would have been a better choice. All in all, a great experience. I was concerned about being underdressed in jeans, and while most people were dressed for business, there was nothing snooty about this place. Very elegant yet inviting atmosphere. The hostess was charming, and a manager stopped by our table to check in, which is always appreciated. I work next door, and will definitely be back for Happy Hour in the future! I heard a rumor that they have an apricot beer I need to try...
3	I went to the District today for Happy Hour.  For the swankiness of the place, their happy hour menu was quite affordable.  Three dollars for a pretty good selection of draft beers is almost unbeatable.  They also had several appetizers for 3 to 5 bucks.  The mac and cheese my friend had looked really scrumptious.  My other friend and I shared some Tots, which were crisp, and some chips with two dipping sauces.  The sauces were so so.  Hungry for a little more, I asked the waitress if I should get the Pork Sliders or the Wings.  She said to definitely go with the Sliders and so I took her advice.  Two mediocre sliders later, I was wishing I hadn't had so much bread and so little pork.  To make matters worse, I saw wings delivered to another table.  They looked plump and juicy and coated in a delicious sauce.  I was super disappointed.  I would go back, but don't trust that everything on the menu will be great.
3	Went for the 3-7pm happy hours and ordered: BBQ Pork sliders($5), Sloppy Joe($5), and Wings($4). Overall, not bad, just a little too salty. Service is average. If I happen to stay at the hotel again, I might drop by.
4	My son and I went last night to District before heading to see the Nutcracker. The restaurant is sprawling and very modern in decor. Our server, William, was very knowledgeable, friendly, and uber professional. (Are we still using uber? If not, you get what I mean...) We enjoyed the calamari as a starter and my son had the crab cakes while I enjoyed the evening's special shrimp with Mediterranean rigatoni. The calamari was a little chewy but the crunch was quite nice. It came with a chimichurri sauce as well as a spiced mayo dip. The chimichurri was nice but the mayo dip could have used more kick. Our main dishes were great though. My son loved his crab cakes. They were just the right combination of moist yet flaky too. The house-made tartar sauce was fresh and quite tasty.  The special shrimp with rigatoni was terrific. It had wonderful chantrelle mushrooms in it that were meaty and delicious. The Mediterranean sauce was nice without being overly briny from the kalamata olives. The sourdough bread was nice and the olive oil dipping sauce was just right as well.When the check came, a serving of cotton candy came with it which was a sweet touch. All in all, it was a very nice evening and reasonably priced for a downtown hotel location. We will definitely give it another try!
4	Had a wonderful dinner at the District last week.  Located inside the Sheraton.  Very modern decor which was sharp and very nice looking.  Was greeted immediately and shown my table for two.  Has a nice bar near the entrance which you pass in going to the tables. Sat down near the window with a nice view.  Server came to us and was very pleasant. We ordered some wine from the extensive wine list.  Nice selection and we had a Zinfandel and Cabernet, both of which were very good. Ordered our meal which consisted of the Buffalo steak ribeye and the 72-hour short ribs.  Added mac and cheese plus the green beans as sides.  Started with the Arugula and Walnut/Pear salads.  All food was prepared and came out very nicely.  Salads crisp and tasty with nice dressings.  The ribeye was tender, tasty with great spices. Short ribs were not fatty and a delight served with a scrambled egg (my request).  Sides were like great comfort food.  Very tasty.  Just a very nice dinner experience.  District had it all: ambiance, service and great food. Nice for the special occasion and/or romantic dinner destination. Recommended for sure!
3	Even after working downtown for the past year and for a couple year stint awhile ago, I'm still not hip on all the downtown eateries.I met Amy and Korinna here for lunch one day during the week between Christmas and New Years.  It was a nice little walk from my building at 100 W Wash.I didn't realize until I got there that I pass District everyday on my bus ride to work and I've always wondered what their food was like.  And I love that their menu is locally sourced.The decor is a little more upscale looking than most of the downtown eateries.For eats I got the baked tomato soup.  Tomato soup with croutons in it and fontina cheese melted over the top.  Perfect since it was a cool rainy day.  Totally hit the spot and I loved it.  For a side I got the cheesy baked cauliflower.  It was a bit bland but generally pretty good.Service was OK, not great but again, it was the week in between 2 holidays so I'm sure everyone was in relax mode.I'm thinking the next time happy hour is suggested for the office I will be requesting District.  So much more food I wanna try!!
4	so I've been a couple of time for drinks, but have never been blown away. we opted to check out the live jazz and reverse happy hour last night and man was I a happy camper. They had a big menu with super cheap food. I went for the macaroni and cheese with Schreiner's Beer Hots, which came baked in a little cast iron skillet. it was pretty dope. It def needed more bechemel (sauce) but it was good. We also ordered the wings, and man were they hot as hell! I had a basil mojito, which was also awesome. The band who was playing was really awesome. Overall, cool place to have a few late night bites and a few drinks.
3	Hard to get out for a quick lunch.  If you have time for a leisurely lunch or are here for happy hour, the food is comfort food reimagined.  (Like Tuck Shop for the hotel-set).  Mac and Cheese with Schreiner's Sausage, Pulled Pork sliders, mini corn-dogs etc.  The crab cake salad is delicious, the dark paneled woods everywhere remind you that you are in a corporate establishment.  The staff is friendly if a little green but they are pleasant.  Same prices as any other hotel bar/restaurant, but lighter and more airy than most.  I'm not talking much about the food, because while good you might not leave and talk for hours about it.  It is good and comforting and not too adventurous, perfect for that out of town guest...
1	Let me start by saying that the food here is fine...nothing wrong with it at all, other than it being not particularly notable. Why one star? Well, I've been here three times and every single time the service has been terrible. One visit I actually had to get up from my table and find a server (we'd been seated for about 15-20 minutes and no one had said boo). The other two times we sat in the bar and it was about ten minutes before anyone appeared. In my mind, at this price point, this is simply inexcusable. The bad service was so extreme that it dominates my complete memory and impressions of the restaurant and bar.  It's probably a fine place to go if you are traveling, staying in the hotel and don't know any better, but otherwise, central Phoenix has much better offerings!
2	Attended a networking event in the wine bar.  Very trendy place!   A number of the people in our party opted to order directly from the bar as the room was understaffed.  The servers working the room were great just very busy.
4	Ever since Monroe's closed there's been a certain emptiness downtown. District doesn't necessarily fill the void, but it certainly provides momentary satiation. The live music (jazz) was great and not overpowering. The atmosphere and decor here are pretty great. It's dark, but not too dark. The music is loud, but not too loud.I had the buffalo ribeye per the bartender's recommendation and it was quite nice... a bit on the fatty/grisly side but it was seasoned and cooked to perfection. The mac-n-cheese side was a little underwhelming, especially because it had some wilted spring mix as garnish. The flavor was good, but my mac-n-cheese would dropkick this one to the moon.The service was prompt and friendly and I would not hesitate to return.
4	I'll have to visit more often to offer more details, but I would recommend this spot for the following reasons: the happy hour menu offered a great selection of microbrews (including Oakcreek Hefe), had some tasty appetizers (wings and mac n' cheese), and the Saturday happy hour is a plus! It also has a nice atmosphere - modern decor, comfortable seating, and nice views of downtown. I could definitely see myself coming back.
2	Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):6 Food4 *Drinks*6 Service9 Atmosphere5 ValueThey've put together a pretty cool space, especially with the patio on the south side, but I've never gotten better than average service, and often times far from even that.  The food also doesn't really pop the way you'd expect given the ambiance, price points, and lauds of the chef.  One of the many examples is the fries, which are good themselves, but come with this way-too-watery dipping sauce that just makes you think "really?".Then there's the bar which seems to serve the lightest pours I've had in recent memory.Caveat: Their happy hour is the bomb-diggity.  The food prices become not just realistic, but downright deals - though the pours are still just for people pretending to drink.
4	I actually really liked this place. The yelp reviews seemed kind of mixed, so I went to check it out myself for Happy hour. First of all, they have Oak Creek Hefeweizen there, which is one of my favorite beers. Its kind of hard to find here in the valley, for me at least! Anyway, the beers on tap for HH were $3!! Thats a great deal in itself. We were with a group so we tried quite a bit of the food off the menu. Let me first just say the two best things are the Mac and Cheese (phenomenal and addicting), and the Buffalo Sloppy Joe sliders. The pork sliders were also good as well as the sweet potato fries. The fries came with this yogurt/tzatziki type dipping sauce which was really great too. After about 9 beers, and a bunch of food, the total bill was only $54! Parking downtown is hard to come by, another plus about this place is that, because it is at the Sheraton downton, you can valet your car for free for 3 hours and just get it validated by the restaurant. I just gave them a few bucks for a tip. The service is also pretty great here, the servers are attentive. It could also be because there weren't many people there. Oh well, I wasn't there for the crowd as much as I was the food/drinks.If you are looking for a great value for HH, this is the place to go. Parking is not hard, prices are great, and food is awesome!
3	The lobster gnocchi was excellent. All other things were just ok: hummus, moink balls, calamari, and the sorbets.
4	I've been back to the District several times since my initial review as it is within walking distance from my work.  This visit alone was for one reason; the beers they have on tap.  Craft beer in downtown Phoenix isn't the easiest thing to find.  You'll find Stone, Rogue, Black Dog, San Tan, Four Peaks, Nimbus, Lagunitas, plus I'm sure I'm missing a couple.  Nothing abnormal in the beer world, but in downtown it's rare to see an establishment like this moving away from the 'big beer' trend seen so many other places.  The craft beer movement is here & the District knows this.The bartenders that evening, Mitch & Amanda, were quite knowledgeable about what they were pouring.  I learned some history about Black Dog I hadn't known.  No food this time around, but I'll still support anywhere that supports local like their menu does.
4	Great atmosphere at this place.  It's part of the Sheraton Hotel but a great place for entertaining guests.  Our large party got seated at their buffet table, which was way too wide and we could hardly even talk across the table from each other.  We asked to be relocated to a normal table and once we were relocated, we had a great dinner.  The food was excellent and the desserts were superb.
5	This place is spot on! Service was great, I  ordered the Ribeye and the Mac and Cheese and both were very flavorful. Service was genuine and inobtrusive so it was a plus. The jazz band that plays there kicked it up a notch.
5	One of my FAVORITE downtown spots. Their happy hour is top notch.... the beer selection is exceptional. The Sheraton itself is beautiful and the District is the BEST hotel bar I have ever been to. This place is great before or after a Suns or D-backs game or after a show or play.
4	The place has a really cool ambiance and feel to it. The decor is modern and chic. They have live music on weekend evenings (usually jazz-like) and it is HUGE. I have never seen this place even 20 percent full, which is kind of sad. The food presentation is very nice and it tastes good, too! They have some happy hour and late night appetizer specials, too, which are varied and yummy. The sweet potato fries and chips and dip are 2 of my faves.The service is a little slow, which always throws me for a loop considering it's never crowded when we are there? I usually have to ask for water about 3 times before they actually bring it... So I knock a star off for this. Also for the fact this place can get really expensive if you have a full meal! Better hope you are somewhat rich, or it's payday! Onto the the main highlights! The wine flights! And beer flights! They are ginormous and have a great selection. The wine "flight" pretty much gets me drunk. Everything here is "American", so if you like some type of non- American brand booze, you are SOL. Besides the wine and beer flights, the drinks seem grossly over-priced, though. Stick to the flights! I always recommend this place due to the location (bottom floor of the newly renovated Sheraton), decor, varied menu, swanky ambiance, and flights. Perfect place for a first date, any date, or a nightcap.
5	Looking for a place to kick off your Friday night downtown? District Kitchen is the place to be! Happy hour from 5-7, then reverse happy hour from 10-midnight, featuring great discounts on craft beers, house made sangria, select wines, and amazing appetizers! Resident DJ Jared Alan sets up shop here around 10pm every Friday night to get you in party mode!The District has a simple, yet modern, elegant feel to it. High class, but not overly stuffy or full of itself. The menu is the same: simple foods with elegant twists! The staff is nothing short of perfect: extremely friendly, humble, and professional. The crowd is a fun mix of rowdy tourists and laid back locals.Looking for something new? Start here!
3	A little secret to the District's Happy Hour. Buy your drinks from the semi-circle bar inside rather than the bar closest to the entrance.  A few more steps saves you a dollar or two on the drinks.  What's the difference? Nothing that I can tell other than the price.
4	The muddled drinks are to die for, as are the starters. Three of us were full after splitting the mac & cheese, nachos and ribs. If you're really hungry, have some sort of starter, soup or salad because the dinky entrees will not fill you up. Scallops (3), fried chicken (3 pc drumsticks the size you get when you order wings)...and 2x the price of the starters. Our server was adorable and on top of things - I wish I'd caught his name so I could give him props!
5	I was staying at Sheraton during the summer and it was scorching outside. One day I went for drinks during happy hour and got a couple of sangrias $5/ea and BBQ pork sliders $4. Sangria was made on the spot and it was good and refreshing. Sliders were also good with a thin apple slice in them which made it interesting but good.Another day I went for lunch and got the $16 ny steak with fries. Steak was 3-in thick petite cut, medium rare, topped with grilled onions and sauce. The steak hit the spot.So, I enjoyed my dining exPerience at this classy yet comfy place. I was in shorts and t-shirts since I was here for volleyball festival.
2	VERY disappointed with my lunch today.  Had the trio soup, sand and saladSoup was a corn chowder.  It was like eating a spiced container of whipped cream.  The flavor was good but it was just overkill on the cream and not enough chowdery substance.Sand was a grilled chicken salad.  The just forgot to put it on one half of mine.  Also the bread was dense and dry.Salad was a mixed greens with dried fruit, nuts and bleu cheese - but I am not sure if there was actually supposed to be cheese since I only had one little, I mean tiny, crumble.Service was good - I expected so much more from the food.Won't be going back anytime soon and it's right across the street...
4	A girlfriend and I decided on The District for drinks and appetizers after First Friday. The restaurant itself was crowded and we opted to sit at the bar. It is a limited menu in the bar, appetizers and desserts only. We ordered the chicken wrap and corn dogs along with two signature drinks. Our server was helpful and attentive and the price was right. I will definitely be back, I'm curious to try it for dinner or lunch.
5	If you like great prime steaks, this is the place for you. Dined here last night for our fourth visit, and it was awesome as usual. The filet is so frickin awesome I can't seem to get to any of the other delicious looking entrees. I tasted companion's sweet desert shrimp and found it wonderfully smoky. I ordered a Sazerac to drink, but they had no absinthe.   I ordered a glass of wine which came accompanied by an original cocktail offered up as a complimentary sub for my Sazerac. Thanks for making me feel like a bigshot! Get a table by the window for a charming view.
4	Went here for the first time last night. It was a Sunday night at 7:30, so a little dead, but very lovely nonetheless. The restaurant seemed very clean and modern. I loved the layout of the bar and all the glass windows.We started off with the sea salt bread. It was a little too salty for my liking and I wished they had brought out butter. Then suddenly, for free, we got to try some little bruschettas. 3 each for each person. The olive one was way too olive-y for me, the tomato basil was fine, but the fig one was just right! I could eat many of those. We then had bacon-wrapped dates with maple syrup. If you're a sucker for sweet and salty like myself, you must try these. The sweetness was offset by the salty bacon, making for a very delicious appetizer. For my main course I had the spinach salad with strawberries, goat cheese, almonds and poppy seed vinaigrette. It was VERY tasty! I cleaned my very modern-looking plate/bowl. For dessert they give you free cotton candy! Not the first time I've seen this, but still, uncommon at least. The drinks were a bit steep, but the staff was very friendly, professional and easy to talk to. Or server, Alexis, was funny and sweet. Definitely will go back for lunch.
4	I stay frequently at the hotel that houses the restaurant, and consider this place one of the better downtown spots. What follows is about dinner; I never eat breakfast or lunch  there.The entrees are interesting, made from generally fresh ingredients and (usually) cooked as requested. When I've had to send something back, the server did so with an apology and absolutely no attitude.The chefs are inordinately fond of salting the food, however. I always tell them to add zero salt, and then put just a tiny amount on some of the dishes.The wines by the glass seem a tad expensive (for Phoenix) until you realize it's a "glass and a half pour" -- which means that a single glass can easily last through the meal. The choices aren't spectacular, but they work well with the food.One item that has disappeared from the menu was actually a favorite: excellent french bread with olive oil. It's been replaced by a soft, buttery, pull-apart roll that I don't even touch. Apparently the bakery that supplied the bread went out of business; I hope the hotel will find a new vendor and return to what was always a great way to start the meal.
4	My boyfriend and I went to District before a concert at the US Airways Center. Perfect location for a downtown event, plus they will validate your valet parking. We went in time for their happy hour (which ends a 7pm) and sat at one of the bar tables. Very cool ambiance. We had a great server who made helpful suggestions and guided us through the array of menu options. I tried their red wine sangria ($5) - it was a beautiful magenta color and was one of the better sangrias I'd had in a long time. I also had their Pineapple Lavender cocktail (not on happy hour - $10) which is very tart and lemon-y. Not for everyone, but I loved it! They hand-make their drinks with fresh fruit (so they take a little while) and use fresh herbs grown on their rooftop garden. My boyfriend picked the food and we indulged! All the appetizers were $4 (except for the nachos which were $5). The pretzel bite fondue included three pretzels definitely larger than a bite, maybe 3 or 4 bite-size. The cheese was warm and melty. Good dish. We also had the macaroni & cheese w/ Schreiner's beer hots. I think this one was our least favorite of all the dishes we ordered. Not that it was bad, it just didn't stand out. A take on mac & cheese with cut up hotdog.The nachos were topped with all the good stuff you'd expect to find on nachos: gooey cheese, pico de gallo, guac, sour cream, and steak. The chips were a little thicker, so they didn't break and get soggy. Finally, we had the buffalo sloppy joe sliders. Great flavor, would definitely get these again. I'm not in downtown Phoenix very often, but District will definitely be at the top of my list next time I attend an event in the area.
3	We went on a Saturday night and the place was completely dead. There was only one other couple in the entire restaurant section. Very nice decor, but the food was mediocre at best. The only reason this place gets 3 stars is because the service was outstanding.
4	Went to District for the first time this past Saturday, as they were participating in the Wine Walk.  They had chips and salsa, hummus, and the best food I had all day: BIG SKY BUFFALO SLOPPY JOE SLIDERS.  Their menu sounded delicious and I wish I would have tried a few more appetizers.  They also had two of the best wines I had all day: 2009 Chardonnay, Layer Cake and 2009 Pinot Noir, Erath.  The service was a little slow, but the place was packed.  When we arrived, there were no small plates out for the appetizers and I believe one of my friends hunted somebody down in order to them.  Our waiter was super friendly though and the atmosphere was fun and upbeat.  I'm willing to bet service is better on a regular night.  Pretty modern inside with a youthful vibe.
3	Visited during the Urban Wine Walk. Did not care for their wine selections but their snacks/appetizers were tasty.
5	First off, the service here is excellent. The staff is very helpful and quick. They even brought us out a complimentary cotton candy which was really nice! The food was amazing... I had the slow-roasted pork and my boyfriend had the potato-wrapped halibut and both were delicious and big portion sizes. We went during the week so it was quiet and had a nice relaxing feel to it. I highly recommend this place!
5	We were floored by the amazingness of this place! I can't even understand the bad reviews, but I'm guessing they come from people who are either uptight or just don't know good food when it hits them in the face. This place is incredible! We were lured in by the breakfast menu (green chili pork on fry bread for example) and we were pleasantly surprised by the gorgeous dining room and patio upon arrival. The service couldn't have been nicer or more attentive. And the food!! The chef's were spot on with every dish, from Californian benedict with crab cakes as the meat to simple buttermilk pancakes (which were soo good, they could hardly be called simple). Every dish tasted like it came from a 4 Michelin star kitchen!! Incredible. We were also told about their weekend bloody mary bar, Happy Hour every day from 3-5 and 10-Midnight, and that they will be soon changing their menu for fall. We will be back as often as we can get to District! Phoenicians: don't miss out on this gem that has been a well kept secret for too long!
1	I wish I could have just one completely smooth experience here so I wouldn't feel guilty for returning.  Last night I had to prove my self wrong again though.  I guess I should have seen it coming though.  I have come to the conclusion that I must look very gullible.  Why else would they try to pawn off a brioche bun sprinkled with sea salt on it with the cheese fondue as the pretzel fondue appetizer which was one of the items that we specifically came for. The other was the Mac-n-cheese with Shreiners sausage which was just under lukewarm.  Lukewarm is also a good adjective for the service, we were a very easy going group but our presence seemed to annoy our waitress.  I feel this is more a reflection of the management though, the staff doesn't seem to have much support as the few times I have been there I have seen the lounge waitstaff look overwhelmed and weeded while the female manager is chit chatting with the hostesses who are not busy at the time.  Why not help out?  There is no sense of urgency from the management so why should the rest of the staff care.
5	I've been to District a few times over the past couple of months while working on a project in Phoenix.  This is NOT a hotel restaurant by any stretch.  I've eaten in tons of hotels before and this is leaps and bounds above.  From the local draft beers, to the great menu and original entrees, to ending with flavored cotton candy, it has never disappointed.  Nice bar area and the restaurant seating ambiance is ok.  You won't be disappointed.  Recommend the 3rd st Salad and the Organic Salmon.
4	We hit up the happy hour menu before a party this past Sat night at District figuring it was a good place to start.  They had some real good food that puts you in a great mood like the fondue pretzels, hummus platter, and sloppy joe sliders.  The happy hour drink menu was a good size and variety of cocktails, beers, mixes, and specialty drinks.  District definitely is nothing like your ordinary hotel restaurants.  I will be going back to try out the dinner menu soon.
4	It's been more than a week; and, this afternoon I was driving down the street thinking how much I was looking forward to the burger I know I'm going to have for dinner tonight when I remembered -- it came back to me like a flash of light -- the MOST delicious burger I had recently. I mean my mouth had the memory, really. The texture was perfect. It was thick but moist -not dense. Juicy, and despite a giant bun, the bread was soft and not overpowering. WHERE did I have that fantastic burger? First frustration: I know it's not the burger I'm having tonight! WHERE was I when I had that burger? I called Dottsy Z. because I vaguely remembered her being present for the experience... with her help, I remembered it was the burger I split with Don S. (a.k.a. Donjay) at District! MAN! THAT was a good burger!Now, I'm a little less looking forward to the burger I'm having tonight. Although a value, it will not be as good.I'm grateful for the memory and can assure you the next time someone asks, "where can I get a great burger downtown?" I'll remember! I recommend adding green chile... :)Quite possibly my favorite "downtown" downtown happy hour: the pretzel fondue is a steal, as are the well drinks!
5	Excellent restaurant. Impeccable cuisine and a well trained staff. My glass was never empty. The courses were brought out in a timely fashion. Not rushed just perfectly timed so that the next item appeared just as we were finishing the last. Ian was gracious and knew the menu and how everything was made. All this served in a beautifully room. Very romantic
3	This place and menu has so much potential but I seem to make the wrong choices.It's a big hotel restaurant with very good service.  Ask for lemon with water, why they don't already know that their water tastes like chlorine is beyond me.Favs: The burger is 10oz of quality beef.  Calamari appetizer.Not thrilled: Po' Boy Shrimp sandwich is overwrought with the taste of onion.  Cheesy Corn Dogs I think might have been better without the cheese oddly enough.  Green Chilie Stew was amazingly salty.Enh: Baked Onion Soup - could have been better if it weren't $8 for 6oz.Good selection of beer on tap.  More than likely I will be back, my family really dig the burger.  I still have a desire to try so many other things but I'm night acquiesce and just stick with the burger.  And tater tots.
4	I went here with a party of 4 on Saturday night and it was surprisingly dead.  Not that that's a bad thing because I don't like crowds.  The place is pretty sheik but you still feel like you're in a hotel.  Service was fast and friendly but I think it was our waiter's first night or something.  He was very awkward but it was ok.I was pissed we couldn't get the happy hour menu/prices in the main dining room.  I know it is common practice for crowded places full of douchebags, but the bar and the main dining room were pretty empty so wtf?I'm a vodka guy and their vodka menu is pretty neat.  They have 8 or 9 unique vodkas from around the US and clearly list their name, where they are from and the price.  What I didn't like was their martinis.  Pretty much the worst I've ever had anywhere.  Tiny pours and full of ice chips.  It was like a vodka slushy (oh snap I think I just invented something!!!).Here is a rundown of the food:* bread to start - excellent...love the lightly buttered and salted top* tomato and mozzarella salad - excellent - one of the best i've ever had.  great dressing and ample balls of fresh mozzarella.* pretzel fondue - the pretzels were excellent but the fondue and mustard were no bueno.  the fondu was gritty and the mustard lacked the kick that I love on pretzels.* burger - pretty solid but nothing special* mac n' cheese with Shriner's sausage - very unique and very tasty.  it was worth having once but I wouldn't get it again.* tater tots - perfectly cooked.  salty/crunchy on the outside, fluffy on the inside.  The only thing that would have made these better is some type of aioli or other special dipping sauce other than ketchup.The main dishes of the other people in my party looked excellent.  I should have been more adventurous and gone with something more than a standard burger.  Maybe next time. I was going to give this place 3 stars but I just can't.  They try to think out of the box to create dishes that are unique, have fresh ingredients, and have a local twist.  I will return.
4	Top 3 Happy Hour in Downtown, always with a nice selection of beers on tap. And if you're hungry there's a wide variety of food by Chef Jay--everything from finger grub to thoughtful entrees--that always hits its mark. District gets extra credit for using locally produced meats and produce (they also have their own rooftop garden), and their weekend brunches are no joke.
3	A classy place inside the hotel . Was here back in Feb 2012 with friends and it was a good place to unwind and talk . Perfect timing, that day they had some live jazz performers. Too bad we were there earlier than the happy hour and it could get really pricey with the drinks.. However, the experience was good! Will probably go back with my hub and wait for happy hour next time.... ;-)
4	Tasty, large portion, culinary delight appetizers.More of a bar than a restaurant, but the food was good & trending artisanal.
5	This place provide good service. There must be a lot of staff training. Everybody is friendly and professional. Really good dinner and drinks menu with plenty of variety.
4	I am always a little worried about hotel restaurants, but District is quite good.  They were able to handle the lunch rush no problem and the food choices were creative and good.  I enjoyed the grilled ham and cheese with tomato soup.  All items at lunch are $9, which is quite a bargain for a good meal.  Their happy hour is also pretty good and can be lively when the hotel has conventions in town.
4	Good foodPerfect portion sizeBit expensive since salad isn't included in price
5	What a pleasure this was for mothers day! I'm going back for Easter next year..... The bottomless bloody marys  and mimosas were worth the $29 alone. Not to mention the raw bar, omelets, prime rib and various other yummy food they had around. The dessert selection was incredible! The district is a great event place for sure. One of my biggest things is service and they really nail it. Top rate venue even with small children.
5	I was treated to going to the restaurant for Mother's Day Brunch and I was SO impressed. The service, the staff, the food and the presentation were wonderful and I enjoyed everything I at. The build your own Mac N Cheese action table was SO good and the dessert table was out of this world! I will definitely be going back for a normal meal here!
3	Visited for restaurant week and it was ok at best.  The service was wonderful because the restaurant was slow.  Food was bland and wine was way over priced!  Probably won't be back.
3	I was in last night for a little nibble before the Symphony.  The bar area is very attractive.  I had an Erath pinot noir, crab cakes and the bacon wrapped dates.  All pretty good but nothing to right home about and a little pricy for what you get if it's not happy hour.
5	This place has an awesome Happy Hour. The environment gives it a welcoming feel. This bar also introduced me to IPAs. The food is pretty good as well.
2	My family went for the Sunday brunch and it was okay. We were moved to a different table since the one we sat at was dirty. The cost was very expensive for the normal brunch items we received. There was not anything special about what they served. My husband had the french toast and it was rock hard. We stayed until the brunch area closed and had our fill but I think next time we go for brunch I will find a new place that actually watches their morning breakfast line supplies.
4	I have never had a bad meal from here. I can't say the service is quite up to par considering the menu, interior and pricing, but sometimes the food is all you need to be won over. This restaurant is within walking distance from my work and when I have gone for lunch, I have never had to wait. The host is professional and poised. Unfortunately, the hostesses are not as much. But again, you can quickly look past that. The menu has already changed at least a couple of times which makes the dining even more fulfilling because you can keep trying new things! The food is definitely not average or casual cafe style, yet you can find things on the menu such as homemade chips, baked macaroni and cheese and a buffalo sloppy joe. The bar is beautiful and they have live jazz on Saturday nights.Great for a business lunch, a romantic dinner or tasteful happy hour.
4	If you like mussels you have to hit up District's happy hour menu.  For $11 you will get a bucket of mussels that is seemingly endless (until you run out), a couple of pieces of garlic bread, and really good broth that's spicy enough to bite back just a little.  There has to be at least 20-25 mussels in that bucket.  It is one of the best deals going.  Happy hour will also get you $5 house reds and whites to go with it.  Ambiance is nice with good music, dim lights, and a bar of solid granite.Now, about the bar--or I should say the barkeep.  The one thing I wasn't too thrilled about is how the bartenders seemed to be randomized.  I'm sure there's a written schedule somewhere but I have been coming to PHX on business and staying at the attached Sheraton (attached) quite a bit lately.  Rarely do I see the same bartender.  Every so often there's one that's there twice but for the most part, that's a wild card.  Customers like to build rapports and like a familiar face (Think "Cheers" theme) when they comes somewhere to relax after a long day at work.  Management--step away from the scheduling computer for a minute.  Hospitality and pure efficiency don't always make for the best combination.  Consistency brings the customers back.  Waitresses?  Chelsea is the bomb.  They have her going back and forth between the Sheraton lobby bar and District.  When she's your waitress it's a good day.  She's engaging, has a great smile, gets the order right quickly--AND she owes me a game of "Words With Friends!" I have also had breakfast here.  The breakfast is fairly average.  The usual fare and because District is attached to the Downtown Phoenix Sheraton Hotel.  Overall, I would normally give this place a 3-Star rating but the mussels ... Man they are over the top.
4	Tasty. And the lunch menu makes it affordable.
5	District American Kitchen and Wine Bar, I had great time this pass Sat., nice new venue with every thing you could ask for ,the food was off the hook , and it was happy hour, that started  at 10pm, the staff was friendly, great service , and you got the best of both worlds, they had Live Entertainment , and this band was hott!! had people dancing down the street , this venue is a diamond in the ruff.... Bluesman Mike
4	This was the best food we had in Phoenix.No complaints.Food is good.Alcohol is better.
4	Really enjoyed dinner at The District. Shrimp asparagus risotto was great.  Tomato basil soup was amazing. Service was very friendly.   I would definitely recommend this restaurant.
3	Oh, District. My first review that's lower than 4 stars...I was here last night with some girlfriends for a drink or two & some snacks before we headed to a couple of other places. It was busy & being that I am a server, I get it..you're getting your ass kicked & I'm super understanding regarding that. However, it took probably 15-20 minutes total for her to approach us and for us to get our drinks..as soon as I took that first sip of my dirty Ketel martini, I was appeased as the bartender made it perfectly which is something that's a little hard to come by sometimes. One of my girlfriends had the foresight to order some snacks prior to us getting there which was smart. The pretzel fondue & sliders were yummy but our server really didn't check up on us at all. In fact I kind of forgot we had a server to be honest. I see good things for a second visit to District so I'll most likely update my review as it has all the right ingredients but without stellar or even moderately ok service, the experience is kind of shot.
4	We picked this place based on the photo of the salmon dinner in the hotel magazine. Yup, we did. It was FANTASTIC! They have jumped on the fresh bus, harvest their own herbs from a rooftop garden and have a changing menu. Only complaints would be that we didn't receive the bread basket or olives all the other tables got. Plus there were some service snafus (forgot coffee, brought the app 2x). But this place really shines on the menu.- crab cakes- bacon wrapped dates- plank salmon- shrimp tacos- seared scallops- Mac and cheese with sausages- apple pop tart with toffee ice cream- lemon Cotton candyWe loved all the main dishes. The sides weren't as strong (I.e. asparagus risotto). The shrimp tacos were very yummy, but not enough for a meal. At $22.00, they were a rip off compared to the $12.00 trio of crab cakes. All in all, loved the food, and we'll return!Bonus: validation covered 100% of parking
3	food is good, but not WOW. My sister ordered the caesar with a side of shrimps which came steamed, and flavorless. the charge for them was $8 and I thought this was way overpriced for what she got.I ordered the braised chicken. All the sides were swimming (drowning) in the jus. the flavored were good though.Overall, a bit of a disappointment. the menu looks promising, the flavors are there, maybe the execution and final touches need to be adjusted. just my 2 cents.
1	Not the usual great experience. Actually worst breakfast experience I've ever had. Asked for a substitute that was always complimentary before. This time was told of an up charge possibility. Expressed this was never done before but accepted the terms.  Then the manager Rebecca came out and addressed me   Her demeanor and lack of customer service accommodation on a forty  dollar simple egg breakfast was insulting.  We've enjoyed this spot but will not be returning.  Good job Rebecca.
1	This review is for last night's Thanksgiving dinner.  It might not seem fair to write a review about one bad dinner after having had many other positive visits to the District.  However, while I have been amiss in positively yelping the District, I have verbally raved about this gem to my friends and coworkers.  That ends today.Our family of three had the District's Thanksgiving fix prixe dinner with wine pairing for $50 per person.  Our expectations were realistic especially since we had had their Thanksgiving dinners at least three times before.  It is just a matter of soup to start, turkey with trimmings for the main course, and dessert to finish, with a wine option for each course.  My complaints:  1) Seating was horrible.  We had reservations and there were a lot of tables available.  Yet, they tried to seat us outside with the smokers and homeless people.  Then they seated us right by a door going outside resulting in our dinner being interrupted with cold gusts of wind sometimes accompanied by cigarette smoke.  (We did not protest right after we were seated as there was a row of glass doors and we did not know that the doors right beside us would be used as entrance ways.)  We were also seated right beside a busy beverage station.  2)  The servers were awkward.  They seemed to know what to say but not how and how often. Each different server (and there were many) that came to our table greeted us with "Happy Thanksgiving."  They also seemed very eager to take plates away when we paused from eating.  Odd though that one server took our half eaten desserts but left a stack of dirty side plates on the table. 3)  They couldn't even get the food right. The green beans were undercooked (super squeaky), and the bread was dry and served without butter. (But the turkey, mashed potatoes and gravy were delicious and plentiful.)   Dessert was gussied up in looks but was so unsatisfying on the tongue, like sweetened whipped canola with pumpkin flavor.  4) The wine pairings were undrinkable.  My husband and daughter are not as picky about wine as I am and even they had to wince after each drink.  The port served at the end was drinkable, but far from good.  (We had plans to go directly to the movies right after dinner.  To get rid of the bad taste from the wine (which we barely drank), we went home to brush our teeth and tongues.  This is something we have never done.) At $150 +tip, last night's dinner at The District is the most expensive crappy dinner  I've ever had.  It failed on all counts (food, beverage, service, ambiance, value)  and I will never return.
3	I've been to District a few times - both for lunch and for dinner... It's a great place to meet if you are heading to the Herberger for a show or if you find yourself in the heart of downtwon PHX either hungry or thirsty.  They make a great burger and have some really awesome happy hour deals on both food and drinks.  I will mention however, that the service isn't so spot on.  Most recently, I sat at the bar with my dad.  We had just over an hour to order and eat before heading to see ATC's production of Lombardi at the Herberger, so we weren't super rushed, but I also knew it wouldn't be the most leisurely meal.  The bartenders didn't address us when we sat down.  After more than five or ten minutes, I finally got their attention and was told they'd be with us in just a moment... I went to the hostess stand to grab menus, and several minutes later, they finally addressed us and took our drink order.  We both went with burgers and I also ordered a Caesar Salad.  My salad never arrived, but I didn't mention it... I was just happy that our burgers came out with enough time for us to scarf them down before the show.  I will say - the burger was cooked just right and worth the wait!Bottom line: From my experience, District is A-OK for their location and happy hour, but I probably wouldn't suggest it as a destination for the evening on its own!
4	Probably more like 4.5 stars.  The happy hour is great deal.  Their house wine that was 1/2 off was actually good!  And their 1/2 off appetizer list is extensive from caesar salad to sloppy joes.  I ordered an actual entree off the menu.  The most amazing tofu steak I have ever had, by far.  I am not even a vegetarian.
4	The family and I stopped at this place for a little wine and lunch while on vacation.  I have to say that I enjoyed myself.  Excellent service, and some tomato soup that is REALLY good.  Great selection of wines as well.  Definately try this place out.
5	Pizza is spicy and sweet.  Lovely
4	Check out my blog review and photos:http://food-tales-and-other-fun.tumblr.com/post/24311636422/
5	Brought a group of about 12 people there the other night for happy hour in the bar. Everyone was able to find something they wanted. Great happy hour drinks and food: both quality and price. The service was great considering we had a large group with people coming and going.Great experience all together.
4	The best reverse Happy Hour around! Swanky ambience with plenty of quiet corners for quality conversations. The sangria is great and the bacon wrapped dates are exquisite.  Also, I'm a fan of roomy lounge chairs and extravagant drapes.
1	Usually I'm pretty easy to please.  And it's easy to make one or two mistakes. However, three of us went tonight and it was awful. We had difficulty all night getting any service.  My order was done incorrectly (just wanted no onions on a burger) -twice- before it came a third time, obviously mangled and man-handled with all of the toppings scraped off (I wanted the rest of the toppings, just not the onions).  I gave up and just ate the fries... which were cold.Our drinks were always empty, we spoke with the manager, who moved us to different tables (?) and the service did not improve, so after about an hour of this, we literally got frustrated and called it a night. ....and I left so thirsty that I had to stop at a c-store, and buy a bottle of water for the drive home.
2	While District has a decent happy hour and nice setting - 4 stars for both, it is inconsistent in its management. The food and service are decent and they have a some great beers on tap, and at very cheap prices for a Sheraton bar, but you can never count on them being open late night. They have a reverse happy hour that starts at 10PM, but on a recent Thursday night, with about a dozen people still in the bar, they called last call at 11PM, 2 hours before the stated closing time. Another night they stopped serving around 10:30. This happens often. This is highly unprofessional for a major corporate hotel that states they are open until 1AM. Maybe the manager wanted to go home early? Thankfully, local bars like the Lost Leaf are open when they say they are open. A great beer selection, walking distance from the Sheraton, and you can get late night food next store at JOBOT.
5	UNMATCHED DRINK SPECIALS!!! Please show me another bar that provides a swanky modern atmosphere with 3$ pints 7 days a week of Stone IPA, Nimbus Oatmeal Stout and other various craft brews on tap. I'm a bit of a beer snob so when it comes down to paying 3$ for beers for what I would otherwise break the bank on at Copper Blues or any other bar downtown, lets just say I experience liver failure at the end of the night. PERFECT spot to pregame at before you go broke at any other spot on the weekends.  The food department leaves a little bit to be desired in the portions department. Don't get me wrong, the flavor is on point but for the price, Id like to see the portions increased. I apologize for being a glutton haha.
4	It's hard to find fault in a place with a happy hour that is so good the most expensive item on our check was the iced tea.Even logging onto their website puts me back into that ethereal frame of mind that is District American Kitchen and Wine Bar.  The style and laid back atmosphere that is this destination on the corner of 3rd Street and Van Buren is replicated by the design and music on their website.  This is by far my favorite downtown Happy Hour, with smooth DJs keeping the mood going but allowing for patrons to network, laugh, and have a great experience and escape from the heat of the city.Lots of loose ties, heels delicately hanging from toes, and "whew I made it through another workday" conversations all around.  Start with the White Peach Sangria and join the conversation.  I highly recommend the hummus and wings for light snacks before hitting up the real menu for five-star salads and dynamite crab cakes.Being only a couple of blocks from the Convention Center allows for a great meeting place after a long day on the show floor.  For more hearty affairs go for the NY Steak and White Cheddar Potato Gratin and definitely add the Garlic Spinach as a side.Secret Tip:  Each entree has a wine listed to pair with your meal to experience the full effect.Cheers!
5	This review is based on one visit to the restaurant (Dec 2012). But there will be more! Went on a Tuesday night, the place was almost empty except for a few singles at the bar and one other table.The food: one word - PHENOMENAL!  Hands down best short rib stroganoff I've ever tasted. And I'm an extremely picky beef eater. Wonderfully creamy mushroom sauce and perfectly cooked fresh pasta. The short ribs were oh soooo tender and well seasoned. My other half had the salmon. It was very good, very fresh. But, my dish blew his out of the water.  I still crave that stroganoff ...almost daily!  A little on the pricy side (about $65 for two entrees after tax and tip). We didn't get fancy drinks, appetizers or desserts, but we were full. I'll be back for my beef stroganoff!
4	One of my favorite happy hour spots.  Half off drinks and selected appetizers with a pretty quality beer selection.  Have eaten in the restaurant for a few work functions.  Food is good but the prices are a little steep.  Highly recommend the bar and happy hour.  Great atmosphere and the music on Fridays and Saturdays are awesome.
5	Big Time Stuff! Love this place. I really love this place. Dinner wasn't too bad but it didn't shine -- service was a bit slow and I felt as though I had to wait forever for Braised Chicken entree. Dinner was delish and I actually loved the Garlic Spinach!5th Star is for their fabulous Happy Hour! I love the menu - Wings, Baby, Wings! The Singh Farm Honey Wings are delish as well as the Pretzel Bite Fondue with Cheese Sauce. I believe the Schreiner's Bacon Wrapped Dates are just as yummy but can't seem to remember since they're gonna in minutes from time the server places the dish on the table. OK, they're just as yummy as everything on the HH menu.I also love that the bar area fills up for Happy Hour - makes for a festive afternoon environment. It makes for a perfect reason to enjoy Happy Hour in downtown Phoenix and maybe a movie at Arizona Center right across the street. Did I mention their WINGS!!!!! Cheers***
2	Good service. Mediocre food, even at happy hour prices. Honey chicken wings the best of the HH menu.
1	I gave one star because there is no provision for a zero star. I would love to tell you about the food but in my numerous attempt I never actually had a meal. The service is awful. The hostess is really an air head, she is too excited to get off work and go party herself than actually sit anyone. After waiting to be sited for over 35 mins, in an almost empty restaurant it took the waitress another  30 mins to come to take the drinks order. After waiting for 45 mins for the drinks we left. This is located inside the Sheraton Hotel and the hotel was packed with business travelers and tourists but the service is so bad people walked out to find other restaurants next door. I will never go back here and will not recommend anyone.
2	Let me start saying that my other 3 friends liked the place/food a lot, so it might be just me but this is what I experienced:Service was OK. Nothing memorable, specially for a Wednesday in an almost empty place, but was OK.We started sharing dates wrapped in bacon. They were good but after trying them I can tell you that bacon and dates don't match at all.The honey chicken wings weren't good either. The meat was dry and the honey was... honey. It came with a mix (lime and salt?) which was super salty like in I-already-had-my sodium-intake-of-the-day salty! I didn't try the 5 slices of pepper that came with the dish.I tried the short rib that one of my friends ordered and it was dry. I also tried the steak that another friend had and it was pretty decent. Although both of the friends who ordered steak said that it wasn't cook the way they requested it.I had the salmon. It came with an extremely watery risotto that lacked flavor. The salmon, let me just say that I left half of it. My friends tried my salmon and din't like it either. For desert I had the carrot cake. It was OK.Also I have to say that the place is not cheap.When I left I was thinking: So how does it work that my friends liked it but they complaint about how cooked their meat was? And they didn't like the salmon? And they didn't say anything positive about the wings and dates? Oh well, that's the beauty of opinions!Cheers.PS No wonder why they will change the whole menu within a month (according to the waitress) Random fact. The door next to us (that goes to the patio) was opened several times and it did an uber annoying squeaking.
5	After trying to find some life in downtown on a Saturday night, we ended up coming back to out hotel.  Since this is connected to the Sheraton and we weren't quite ready to call it a night, we stopped by to have a drink.  It has an upscale lounge type of feel to it, with music to match.  Ordered a few beers, the sweet potato fries and bacon wrapped datesThe beers were both cold and tasted great.  I got a recommendation from the super nice waitress, and she called the right beers for each of us.  The bacon wrapped dates were awesome, but they back a lot of punch.  I had to eat them in tiny cut up pieces since they were so full of flavor.  Definitely try them during happy hour.  Our bill for three drinks and the food was $18.  Yeah, we did a double take as the appetizers were half off and the beers were $3 a piece.  Can't beat that...anywhere in downtown.
1	Horrible service and down right dishonest staff!!!I am going to attempt to simplify this review to make it as brief as possible. I took my family of 5 (all adults) there before the Eric Clapton concert on Thursday night. Our waitress was horrible. She took extremely long for every drink order, small requests such as silverware, plates, water, etc. you get the point.  We were drinking fairly quickly and between 5 of us there was always a new request when she visited our table so I understand we weren't an easy table, but that's no excuse for the horrible service. Fast forward to the bill being dropped off. $176 and she casually mentions as she is walking off she included automatic gratuity of 18%. Last time I checked automatic grat is for parties of 6 or more and it was also posted on their menus. I explained to our waitress she was not as efficient as I would have liked and I would like her to remove the automatic $30 tip she decided to give herself. Now this may not translate well but when she brought the new bill back she handed it to me without even stopping. She continued her stride and no stop to apologize or say thanks for coming in. It was extremely rude. I then look down at the bill and notice a $26 service charge. What the heck is a service charge at a restaurant? I asked another waitress and she had no clue, so this was my cue to ask for a manager. 20 minutes later a manager shows... no joke! And keep in mind we are trying to catch a concert. He gives me some excuse about how the regular waitress got in a car wreck and didn't show up to work so we were the lucky table that were awarded her incompetent replacement. He mentions he took 20% off my bill and I appreciated the attempt... until I notice he only discounted the happy hour priced appetizers. On a $176 bill we only had a few small apps. The 20% discount was 5 bucks. Long story short, this place is a joke! I don't recommend them at all.
4	Visited here recently on a late Saturday afternoon before dinner, this is in the downtown Sheraton, great location.. Hotel is beautiful.. The bar was busy even for a late afternoon, nice wine list and appetizer was good... Would definitely come back!
2	Ack! Since our last visit, Happy Hour menu changed and presentation of various HH items have changed. We weren't happy. Dates are no longer wrapped in bacon but rather a few pieces of bacon bits on top of Dates.  The Pretzel Bite Fondue was odd. The bread had that Pretzel taste. This time around it was strips of hard bread and the fondue was served in a tiny tiny bowl. Chicken wings were tiny! Dang...I'm bummed. I really wanted this place to be a Happy Hour Fave. Bum boo bum...
4	Fabulous meal! From the "dinner" salad, which came with toasted hazelnuts and warm, baked goat cheese to my entree which consisted of five perfectly seared scallops, atop a delicious slice of green chili corn bread, topped with chorizo and sweet onion cream. Yum!  AND-- the service was excellent.
2	I am never coming back to this place. Everybody know that Downtown Phoenix sucks when it comes to night life. Maybe if the places downtown weren't awful, this wouldn't be the case. After my wife and I made the rounds during First Friday, we decided to grab something to eat around there. We made a horrible decision. I was always told to never judge a book by its cover. Well, I did that for this place and I was disappointed. We go in and it's completely beautiful. Very upscale, trendy and nice looking. I liked the dim-lighting look and how the layout is. Well, I should have taken my first cue as to how good this place was when I looked around and saw that it was almost completely empty. There was no one in the dining area, the bar area only had a handful of people in it.This is a Friday night too!We sit in the bar area because the menu looked better and much more reasonably priced. If you sit in the dining area, you get a different menu that's more pricey. The "bar food" is only available in the bar. Okay, that makes sense I guess. I looked at the menu and was a little put off. My wife had the mac and cheese that was sprinkled with Cheez-Its. Um, that seems like something you'd serve a 5-year-old. She liked it. I had a bite and thought it was just okay. I ordered a burger and got what I expected I suppose. It was definitely over-priced. I ordered sweet potato tots and it arrived like 15 minutes after the mac and cheese and burger. Totally disappointed. It's like, come on now. No one is here! You can't get all the food out in time? And the drinks were horrible. Almost akin to gasoline. The waitress was nice though. Poor thing, we were probably her only customers that night. Not going to recommend or come back.
5	This review specifically pertains to the Easter Brunch. at The District. The service, food, and price of the Easter Brunch is absolutely wonderful. This was our second year attending there brunch. For the prior 6 years we have tried 6 different resorts in Scottsdale and all pale in comparison to The district. The overall atmosphere and wait staff are superior to most any dining experience. The quality and selection of foods is fantastic. I will keep attending their Easter brunch and bringing more and more people as long as they keep up the good work.
5	This was incredible for Easter Brunch. The food was top notch. The service was great. Parking was validated. No traffic on Sunday. Made us regret not going there before....like we've missed out on too much for too long.
5	I never take the time to write reviews but just couldn't help not to after our experience. Our family of 5 went to the District for Easter brunch. From beginning to end our experience was exceptional. The hostess was pleasant and the service outstanding. EVERYONE was so friendly and there wasn't one thing that we had to wait for from refills on drinks to promptness taking our bill. The buffet was very nicely displayed and the food was exceptional especially for a buffet. The fillet and salmon were prepared perfectly. The dessert display was so beautiful and each dessert so individually prepared it made it hard to eat instead of just look at. The prices were very reasonable for the buffet and bottomless mimosas (which servers made sure your glass remained as full as desired) and they even charged us for child buffets on our 13 and 15 year old and didn't bother to ask ages!! Management checked to make sure we were satisfied and gladly took the time to snap some family photos. Just an exceptional experience. Thank you District staff for making our experience so memorable. We will be back!
3	The drumsticks with honey and jalapeno were fantastic, as was the 3rd Street Salad (greens, beets, almonds, and fried goat cheese) and the seared scallops (with cornbread and chorizo).Other good (but less successful) items include the Caesar salad (at $9, I'd like to at least see something more interesting, such as grilled romaine or topped with a sardine), triple chocolate whoopie pies for dessert (good, but seemed like something you could find at AJ's), and the many cocktails we drank, which were perfectly fine but not home-runs.  The service was good as well.And on the bottom rung of all restaurant food I've ever eaten, there is the lowly short rib stroganoff.  This imitation Lean Cuisine microwave meal should never be served again.I know that I'll return at some point - I bet that the drumsticks go great with a happy hour drink.  And the scallops really were delicious.
3	I was amazingly surprised to find a decent meal in my Hotel Lobby. My fellow  business traveler knows all too well the fatigue involved with working and traveling simultaneously. I had no energy to drive for my dinner meal so I decided to go against my own rules and dine at the Sheraton Downtown Phoenix Restaurant. The Bar and lounge is ample, live music that is not blaring in your ears and nicely lit were you can actually  see what your Food. Thus far it had my attention. I was in the mood for some protein and nothing too large. I decided on the Kobe sliders. The portion is adequate with two over sized sliders. The beef was perfectly cooked to where it needed no condiments. The lettuce and tomato slaw had a piquant vinaigrette that formed flowing juices to the palate. Every bite was like e first bite. The bread is a home wade brioche and lightly seared with a roasted garlic/pesto mayo. I ordered one slider with the cheese and one without as I like to taste the Kobe. The cheese is perfectly sliced and added a hint of smokiness. The flavors for this dish are a perfect balance in size and favors. It's the perfect bite and I can't believe I just wrote this coming from a Hotel chain restaurant. Kudos to the District Chef! Menus and Wine list is reasonably priced. Wine choices are adequate and I paired it with a meritage from Santa Barbara. Will have to come back to try more menu items.
5	Dined here w/friend just after they opened on a Sunday.  They had a wine special offering bottles at 1/2 price & you could cork the remainder & take it home.  Since I had to return to work, this was a great deal (for my friend!).  Initially, waiter brought the incorrect entree out for my friend but immediately offered to comp it & get whatever we wanted in substitute; while we simply suggested we switch our plates.  Another server then came out w/correct meal & all was solved.  Evidently, water picked up the wrong meal in the kitchen?  Both entrees were extremely tasty (I had the stroganoff, friend the petite sirloin - done just a tiny bit more that requested).  Service was extremely attentive - perhaps because the full staff was there for the opening there were only about 5 other table occupied?
2	My friends and I used to visit District fairly often for happy hour but ever since they changed their bar menu, we all agreed we won't be coming back any time soon. Last time we went, we all ordered the mac and cheese, the pretzel bites, and Kobe beef sliders. The mac and cheese and pretzel were items we had enjoyed munching on in the past while having some beers, so we were sorely disappointed with what eventually came out. The mac and cheese had a familiar taste and it didn't take long for us to figure it out: Hamburger helper with cheese puffs. Listen, I'm not hating on hamburger helper but it's not exactly what I want when I go to an "upscale" bar for happy hour. The pretzel bites which were once warm, soft, and chewy chunks of pretzels were replaced by thinly sliced, toasted pieces of pretzel. Think brushcetta only with pretzels. Neither soft nor crunchy, it just lacked any textural identity, which made it all the more disappointing. Oh and the sliders...they looked like two average sliders for $10. Honestly it felt like the chef decided to get a little cutesy with the menu. I'm not against presentation but when it's paired with mediocre food and shrinking portions, it looks all the more ridiculous.
2	Don't bother.  No ambiance. Poor service. Food is average. Went specifically for panko crusted tofu and not only did they get order wrong and have to remake the dish. When it finally got there it was barely crusted and the tofu was barely cooked. They did remove the order from the bill because they know they messed up.Also didn't realize the restaurant was in the Sheraton... I never would have chosen it had I known that and they don't advertise that either.
4	I love this place and so do my clients and colleagues who are downtown.  They never hesitate when I book a lunch meeting here.  There are so many interesting items on the menu, but my favorite is the Chef's Trio.  The last visit, this is what was on the Trio:Chef Trio (Beef Soup, Potato Salad w/Bacon, Veggie Calzone), $10http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/district-american-kitchen-and-wine-bar-phoenix-2?select=g6iPj5WpOU-IUMDzdGwXTw#g6iPj5WpOU-IUMDzdGwXTwhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/district-american-kitchen-and-wine-bar-phoenix-2?select=q-jiqBVGITDHYrfW2nwkhQ#q-jiqBVGITDHYrfW2nwkhQhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/district-american-kitchen-and-wine-bar-phoenix-2?select=BJBGLXK8LcaZtear6hwTOQ#BJBGLXK8LcaZtear6hwTOQhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/district-american-kitchen-and-wine-bar-phoenix-2?select=4E90w9JyCNDGIJ2szOhhtg#4E90w9JyCNDGIJ2szOhhtgI started with the Beef Soup, which was simply AMAZING!  The Beef was of high quality and full of flavor.  Just the right portion size too.  Next I had the Veggie Calzone....I have to admit, I was a little skeptical of that part of the dish, but they delivered....it was awesome.  The best part of the dish though was the Potato Salad w/Bacon.....that's right folks, it has BACON in it!!!  It tastes as good as it sounds.  The Bacon does not overwhelm the flavor of the Potato Salad, it compliments it.  It also has very sharp flavors and rounds out the trio dish well.  Well done chef, well done!I can't wait until our next lunch downtown!Return Factor - 95%
4	I couldn't decide between a 3 star or 4... I error on the side of the establishment, and my possible bad mood and gave it 4. I cannot stand a mandatory 15 minute speech by the server or host about how awesome the place is, or how special the food is. It is pretentious and cocky. Just let me enjoy. And enjoy I did. The food was spectacular. All by myself I could have tasted the quality of the food. We did order espresso, which tasted like watered down coffee, but it was a Sunday, and I'm sure it was a skeleton crew. This place does get my recommendation, but it might have to be a Sunday for me to return. I dont want to be preached to again.
5	DJ is always spinning whenever I have been and it's those old school rap beats that really make it seem like a great party. Happy hour cannot be beat. From the Bacon wrapped Dates to the $3 Craft Brews a great place to stop before going to the game this should definitely be the first bar you stop in before a night in Downtown.
2	Meh, I've experienced better is the caption that goes along with selecting two stars and yes I've definitely experienced better at this restaurant. I highly recommend breaking out the time machine and visiting District American Kitchen and Wine Bar last year.  I don't know why they had to change a good thing but the food is a definite miss.  Here's to hoping things will come around.
4	Great place for a business lunch. The staff was great. We showed up late for our reservation and with more people than anticipated.  Even though the hostess seemed a tad irritated, she made every effort to accommodate us. The food was delicious. Most of us ordered the grilled salmon served with tomatoes, cucumbers and olives. It was an appropriate sized portion, so people with bigger appetites should order an appetizer. The sandwiches on the other hand were very generous portions. I would definitely come here again on business.
4	For a hotel dining spot, it was spot on.  They have this weird appetizer: Churros covered in pork machaca.  The machaca was a bit too salty but other than that the combination was surprisingly good.  They also have sausage mac n cheese that was very tasty.  I had both during the late night reverse happy hour after 10pm.HINT: If you stay at the hotel, DECLINE room service, and they will give you a 5 dollar voucher you can use here.  I spent 2 weeks at the hotel.  Needless to say, we had plenty of drink for the 2 weeks my group was here (not too bad selection of beer) and i probably spent a total of 20 bucksThe bar area never gets too busy, and they have lounge bands playing sometimes.  GREAT vibes, and some great memories were had here by me and my colleagues.
5	This place is top notch, especially for a hotel restaurant. On Sundays their bottles of wine are half price...all of them. They have several premium dinner dishes priced at $22 for the summer. I had the fried calamari appetizer which came with a peanut butter sauce that I didn't care for but our waiter brought out cocktail sauce for me. The portion was large enough that I had it as my meal. The finishing touch of cotton candy "compliments of the chef" was a little out of place but we enjoyed it. As did the people at the tables around us...it was actually hilarious to watch a neighboring group shoveling it into their mouthes and passing the batch around.
2	Good energy, fine menu, earnest servers.However...As evidenced by the steam that poured out when I cut it open, my salmon spent too much time under the heat lamp (I had asked for it to be medium-rare, while another in our arty wanted his well-done), so I told our server immediately, who graciously offered another. This one came out, literally and totally raw in the center. Though I like my food on the under-done side, this was disgusting. It felt like a "gotcha" from the kitchen; wholly uncalled-for, and it felt very insulting. Not to mention inedible. I flagged down our server, who of course apologized profusely (it was not her fault). She took it away. Time passed (a lot). I ordered dessert. Our server said she would "comp" it to make up for the salmon fiasco. 15 minutes later we told her we just needed our bill as it was now 6:40 and we needed to get to the Herberger.So all in all, it was a pretty disappointing experience.And their website doesn't provide any way to email them directly:  uncool.
4	I ate brunch here on a Saturday morning at 10 am and found the experience to be really pleasant!  The restaurant wasn't too busy and the atmosphere felt laid back and relaxed.All of my friends and I opted to do the breakfast buffet.  We were concerned we wouldn't be able to eat $18 of food, but considering that most of the other breakfast choices cost around $15, we figured the buffet would be worth it.  I tried a little of a lot of dishes, and there wasn't anything I didn't like.  Except for the fresh strawberries.  They were a little mushy.  The standouts to me were the REALLY CRISPY and not overly fatty bacon, the cinnamon roll with maple syrup, the fresh pineapple, and the gravy that was served on top of the biscuit.  That gravy was amazing - chunky with tiny chunks of meat in it and seasoned just right.I would definitely come back here again to do the buffet, although maybe just as a special occasion treat, since $18 for breakfast is a LITTLE steep.
3	My boyfriend and I came to District one night when we were staying at the Sheraton. Let me start off by saying that we were on StarHot, so all of the food was half off...which I believe made a huge difference in our experience. The food was absolutely delicious, as was the bottle of wine that we ordered. Unfortunately, we waited over 30 minutes to get our drink orders taken, so that was a huge bummer and definitely tainted our liking for the restaurant. Once we were served, there was no attempt at compensation for our long wait. If we had to pay full price for the meal, I would have given District 2 stars. The experience for us was good, but only because of the perks of being on StarHot.Overall, if you want a deliciously overpriced meal, this is the place for you. If you're staying at the Sheraton and are on StarHot, definitely come here--you'll most likely have a 4-5 star experience.
5	I don't remember dying, but I must've died because I'm in Heaven. First of all, the ambiance is freakin ridiculous, (in a good way.) It's like I want to keep switching tables so I can take it all in! Second, the best staff EVER! Andrew and Priscilla, I want to adopt them. Seriously. Happy, friendly, adorable, knowledgeable. Awesome. Perfect. Give them raises.My husband had the beef tenderloin, of which I had a "few" bites. I had the ribeye. It was hard to share but I gave him a bite. We finished with the "Chocolate bar" dessert. Really, there is no way to describe the deliciousness. It's one of those desserts you want everyone you know to try so you can talk about it later. Just awesomely good. I've never wanted to live in Phoenix until now. Come. Eat. Drink. Share. Repeat.
5	Love the "Nothing is Over $9" at lunch. They were not serving their Restaurant Week menu at lunch, but I still feel like I got a great deal. I happened to be downtown in the middle of the week but didn't feel like the hustle and bustle of most places. This place is relaxed and classy. Fabulous food and service.
4	After late morning and afternoon venturing through downtown Phoenix, Joy and I decided to stop in for Happy Hour. We were really pleased with the food and service.So happy that the Honey Dipped Drumsticks were on the Bar list! We shared the Drumsticks, Lemon Spiked Black Bean Hummus & the Pretzel Bits Fondue. I am so happy that we had a great experience because I so want to love this place.Yes, they've earned their Stars back. Cheers***
5	The Best of Phoenix!!!  We have eaten at this fabulous restaurant a few times and after last night's dinner with friends it is time to post a "raving review"!  First, the ambiance is like no other.  We wanted a great meal prior to seeing Jimmy Buffett as opposed to some of the very average experiences downtown Phoenix has to offer.  Everything about our dining experience was extraordinary!  We sat on the patio which was lovely, our server was excellent and the food out of this world.  I had the scallops which I would highly recommend.  Our friends are "foodies" and loved everything about this place. Additionally, we have traveled extensively and have eaten in some great places so know good food!  This is great food! Everything is fresh and the produce is local!  Clearly the staff is well trained as the service and the friendliness was abundant.  This is clearly not your typical hotel restaurant in any way.  An experience to not be missed if you are downtown Phoenix and want the best the city has to offer!  Loved it!!!!!!!
3	The interior of this place is nice. Really nice. Not much personality to it, but nice. The service is impeccable. Very nice, and courteous. No complains here at all. The menu is small, way smaller than expected. And not that impressive. It is kinda pricey, but that was to be expected. The food was super nice presented. And it makes me happy that they really think it through before they serve. But taste-wise, I was not impressed. Not by our appetizers, and not by our dinner. It was bland and kinda boring. The servings are small, in a nice way..So very very close to a perfect dinner experience, but fell on one of the most crucial parts. Sure when one go out, you do not only pay for the food.. but the whole experience, ambiance, service and the fact that you don't have to do the dishes. But I cannot accept a 'eh' meal. That pulls it down. I have no urge to go back.. even if I realize that I could have had a singularity in mediocre experiences here. It is a possibility.
4	Took a couple customers here for dinner on a Saturday night. We had a reservation and got seated immediately. The ambience is great and so is the decor. The place works well for a formal business meal as well as for a nice romantic night out.Food is just a tad overpriced for eating here frequently (at about $25 per main course) but that's expected for this type of restaurant. Bread was warm and soft and came with a sweet herb butter. Their cedar plank salmon was cooked medium rare with honey glaze on top, truly delicious. But I think the real rock star was the seafood risotto that came with the salmon, so creamy good with generous amount of shrimps and asparagus, mmm....For dessert I got the bread pudding sundae. Unfortunately by that time I was already stuffed to the gills and couldn't finish it. But I thought the horchata ice cream they used for the sundae was preeeeetty delicious.p.s. park at the hotel (entrance on 3rd street) and get validated for 3-hr free parking.
5	I went here for a graduation dinner, and the staff was absolutely amazing.  They were very accommodating and the service was great.  The food was delicious.  We had a bunch of different appetizers that were all very good.  My favorite was the fried calamari with pesto, or the bacon wrapped dates were to die for!  For my entree, I ordered the Glazed Salmon, which was cooked to perfection.  The side of risotto was good, as well. The presentation of everything was awesome, and I am very particular about food presentation!  We also had a sampler of all the different desserts, which were delicious.  There was chocolate cake, creme brulee, donuts with chocolate sauce, and a s'mores like ice cream cake.  Overall, I am extremely pleased with this restaurant.  The food and service is great.  I would recommend to anyone!
5	My hubby and I are both vegetarians and one of my pet peeves is going to a restaurant and having to order the same meal because there is only one vegetarian item on the menu (first world problems - I know).  Its kind of a bummer.  We checked out the District's menu online and the first awesome thing is that their vegetarian entre isn't the requisite portobello mushroom burger or eggplant something-or-other.  They totally score points for that.  Since we had plans to meet a coworker of mine there for dinner, I thought I'd give them a call to see if there were any other entre options for vegetarians.  This is where the superior service experience began.  I asked the woman who answered the phone if they had any additional vegetarian options for dinner.  She replied that she'd check with the chef and call me back - not at all what I expected.  Generally, the answer to that question is, "Well, we have salads and stuff".  When she called back she explained she had spoken to the chef and he'd be happy to specially prepare an additional vegetarian entree for us - a roasted vegetable tart.  Again, not at all the response I was expecting - I was more than pleasantly surprised.  She included a notation in the reservations about the special meal and we were all set.So, a few nights later my husband and I met my coworker and had a lovely dinner at the District.  The service was excellent and the atmosphere was oh so classy.  We were able to enjoy different meals - each veggie entre was delicious and we were beyond happy with the service and the accommodations the District staff were willing to make.  Its a bit pricey but its a swanky place and considering the fabulous service we received I'd say its totally worth it.
3	The cinnamon-swirl French toast on the breakfast buffet is splendid.That said, it's basically a hotel restaurant with pretensions. The breakfast buffet uses a lot of adjectives on the food but is ultimately a handful of standard dishes, including the now-mandatory oatmeal. Host staff was delightful, but wait staff seemed determined to hustle me out before I'd had more than five bites (and it wasn't because I was loading my plate, nor because the place was busy).Overall, pleasant but rushed, and not worth $20 for breakfast.
3	The District -not my fave.-black bean hummus- hummus ok,    instead of pita there is not-good    chip things, with good pickled    veggies. Prob wouldn't get again.-red sangria-decent. Oddly no fruit in it.-pretzel bites-yum, get these.-dates-also very yum, get these too.The service was not great.The ambiance is kind of weird - it's like a bar that got too big. You know what I mean?
4	I have been to the District previously for Happy Hour, so my Husband and I decided to try out Dinner to celebrate our Anniversary. We had a great time, and will definitely come back again. We started at the Bar to enjoy some cocktails and an appetizer before sitting down for Dinner. I had made a reservation since it was a Holiday (Jan 1st), but the restaurant was surprisingly empty.At the bar, we both ordered the sangria ($6 during happy hour). I ordered white and my husband red, we were not a fan of either and it was really disappointing. We ended up switching. My husband also ordered a seasonal cocktail. It was a house made cinnamon eggnog with bacon infused rum and candied bacon ($9). Not being a fan of eggnog myself, this drink was amazing! Well crafted. We also ordered the pretzel bites with fondue cheese and red wine mustard. I wish the District would bring back the old pretzel bites. The new ones are more like pretzel toast as opposed to soft chewy pretzels. However, I do think the red wine mustard is an improvement (not that the old stone ground needed improving).The District was having a special for dinner and all entries were$22. We were seated by the window and the atmosphere in the dining room was very quiet and romantic. We were served complementary house bread and herbed butter (tarragon grown at the Hotel and local Honey). The butter was so amazing, I found myself wanting to lick the knife! I ordered the Cedar Plank Salmon with risotto. It was okay. I make the mistake of ordering Medium salmon when I should have gotten it rarer. The risotto was not as creamy as I would prefer. My husband ordered the chef's special of the day. It was a 12 oz. rib-eye with winter root vegetables, a cauliflower pure and blueberry demi glaze. I think my Husband thought he had died and gone to heaven. The dish was absolutely perfect! For dinner drinks, I ordered a 602 Mule ($10). The menu listed prickly pear as an ingredient, but it looked more like a standard Moscow Mule. MY husband ordered a glass or red wine ($10). Our waiter was so helpful and even offered to let my husband taste the two wines he was considering. Nothing worse than getting a glass of wine you don't like!Our waiter brought us a slice of cake since we were celebrating our anniversary. It was very good, but we were so full we had to take it home to enjoy later. The District also give each table cotton candy as an after diner treat. This was unexpected and very enjoyable.
3	I've stopped at the bar a few times after work to wet my whistle. It's never the destination, but usually the stepping stone. It is a hotel bar after all, but an upscale one at that. I like the tranquility and openness of it. The happy hour drink menu is great, and it's a big reason why I come back. $5 for house wines and mid-ranged spirits, $3 for microbrews, and decently priced bar snacks.The bartenders are pretty spot on. Very friendly and personable. The pretty girl behind the bar last night made a really nice AZ Hickory Smoked Old Fashion. It was very mellow, and she didn't put too much bitters in it as to make it too spicy on the way down--an issue I've been encountering across town. I wish I could remember their names, but if they had nametags I'm sure that wouldn't be an issue. I'm sure they would be very happy with new uniforms too. Come on meow, a uniform upgrade is definitely overdue.
4	Great food, ambience, and service for a surprising price.  My husband and I dined at The District and both loved the American comfort food with a twist.  They grow their own herbs, use organic foods from local and regional farmers.  What a wonderful find.  Stop in for lunch for entrees for only 9.00.  Phoenix's best kept secret.
4	Absolutely LOVE the lunch menu. They change it up which is nice so you have a variety to choose from. I have yet to be disappointed by anything I've ordered. The staff is extremely helpful and if you're the social saavy individual you can make reservations via the Twitter.
2	Have you ever heard the sound that a beef steak makes when it falls to the floor?  Well let me tell ya.... the beef steak goes FLOP!  F-L-O-PUGH.  SO promising.  Really cool vibe.  Super convenient location to my hotel room (15 stories up).  But it just didn't make the cut.Number one : why go here when there is a perfectly good bar in the lobby of the Sheraton, offering the same limited bar selections and the same "Bar" menu (only the prices are lower in the lobby).  Number two : (the loneliest number) if you're missing additional members of your party, you're likely to get lost in the shuffle.  I made two attempts and was forgotten (ignored for larger parties/tips?) both times.Number three : their happy hour starts at 3 - 7pm on weekdays.  You may choose from a very limited number of appetizers (essentially, the unappetizing ones), but at least cocktails are AROUND $5 (you can find cheaper/better further downtown).  Prices are pretty stiff, the usual for hotel restaurants.  An 8oz "bowl" of soup will run you about $7.  An appetizer of pretzel bites, $14.  Only vegetarian entree of white beans and greens, $22 (what?!).Number four : the only cider they have tasted like the smell of dirty mops (though, it may have been the glass....which still isn't promising).Number five : .......the hair that broke the camel's back.  ....O yeah.  Needing something sweet to brighten my bleary evening, I splurged on the Huckleberry Bread Pudding Sundae  (with horchata ice cream, candied pecan *singular*, caramel drizzle, and sweet creep dollop $6).  It was actually pretty good.  It was brightening my blustery blues.....until I saw the very-not-mine hair emerging from the slice of pie.  The cost of this was waved from my tab (as it should have been), but the experience was terribly off-putting.I don't anticipate being in the area any time soon - but I'd encourage Sheraton-stayers to explore beyond the limits of the lobby...
5	For Valentine's Day, my boyfriend and I had the 4-course dinner. The setting was great, the waiter was beyond helpful and friendly, but best of all the food was gourmet and delicious. I will definitely visit this restaurant again in the future with family and friends!
4	Went there two nights ago... Had the shrimp tacos and black bean hummus. Nice amount of mini shrimp within the corn tortillas with accompaniments of guacamole, a spicy red sauce and onions. Good guacamole, I'm not a fan of too spicy nor onions. Overall nice savory and slightly sweet flavor with a lime. The hummus was more liquidy than what I'm use to but still had a subtle spice I liked. Fabulous, huge! crunchy flat bread with sunflower and flax seeds along with what seems to be an afterthought of veggies pieces: cucumber and a random, tiny carrot sliver. Very good drinks! I had the cocktail of the day which was vodka- based but I asked for a rum substitution which was gladly given. Also solid glass of Riesling available. If I'm ever back in Phoenix I would go here again.
2	Tried it twice today, as I didn't feel like going out.  Lunch was a pastrami sandwich.  Tasty and reasonably priced.  Service was good, but the place was empty.Went back for dinner.  Ordered at the bar, because that's what I do.  Duck confit quesadilla and a house salad.  Food was surprisingly good for a hotel restaurant.  Service degraded quickly.  Watched one of the bar servers sneeze into his hand with no wash to follow.  Got ignored after receiving food.  US/Mexico soccer and Clippers/Suns seemed to have full attention of the staff.  If I rated on food only, they would have gotten 4 stars.
4	Stopped in for some late night drinks and a snack.Had a couple of Stella's and Hennessy & Cokes. Beer was cold and the mixed drinks were strong.Noshed on the Devils On Horseback (bacon wrapped dates with chive cream cheese, drizzled with chili paste and maple syrup) and District Mac & Cheese. Good stuff.
3	Found on yelp. Was staying at the Westin and was looking for non hotel dining.  Walked a few blocks and then found out it was part of sheraton. Bummer. Food was decent. Service was good. Just not what I imaged...a small urban wine bar with small plates.
4	Had the grilled cheese sandwich and tomato soup for lunch.  Sandwich was crispy  and cheese -- really good.  Soup was also above average.Definitely above average.
3	I've had breakfast here twice, via the buffet, and it was pretty lame. The eggs dont seem completely cooked and I really dont get why there are servers in the morning. All they do is bring coffee. Fast forward to dinner. Terriffic! They have very reasonably priced wine. And the meal is not a budget buster either. I had the braised short rib on mashed potatoes, it was very tasty. The flavors persisted through out the dish and the portion was perfect. Good service, good dinner. Skip the breakfast though.
5	This place is great! Always excellent service and delicious food. I recently had the steak and fries and the steak was so tender I cut it with the table knife. No need for a steak knife, now that's how steak is done!
4	For a hotel restaurant, 5+ stars.  For a freestanding restaurant of this price range, 3.5 stars.Surprise Best Part - Complimentary Cotton Candy at end of meal!I went here on a Sunday night for dinner.  All the food we ate was good to great.  Downside was portions were smaller than almost any other restaurant we've eaten at.  They are almost "tasting menu" sized portions.For a starter, we each had the mixed salad, which was outstanding.  One of freshest, best "side" salads I've ever had.  It all comes from local sources, including 4th floor garden.  Marinated onion was mind-blowing.For entree, we both had salmon.  It was a perfectly great dish.  The problem?  It was about 3 ounces of fish.  No way it was 4.  I mean, it was tiny.  Did it taste good?  Absolutely.  But it felt like it was gone in 3 bites.  And for $24, I expect more than 3 ounces.  Come on, chef!  Don't be a complete cheapskate.For desert, I had the berry cobler.  It was great.  Not outstanding, but definitely top 25% of any cobbler type dish I've ever had.So, final verdict?If you are staying downtown on a corporate travel budget - GO!If paying yourself?  - Go to happy hour and partake, or maybe go here if not looking for a hearty meal, even at 3 courses...I live downtown and this is one of the 2 best restaurants downtown for "fine dining."The other, if you are curious, is Nobuo Teeter House.  Which makes District look cheap.  Enjoy!
2	A friend and I ended up (accidentally) going on a slider tour of downtown the other night. District was our second stop. I was excited to try their sliders featured on happy hour that were described as Wagyu beef 'meatloaf' with root beer ketchup, spicy pickles, and shallots on a rye bun and were inexpensive at only $4.50. Unfortunately, they were not very good at all. They had a very off taste to them... hard to describe... but not juicy or flavorful... I couldn't even taste the ketchup... I don't think there were shallots on it... and when I bit into the slider, the meat was kind of mushy and fell out of the sides... pretty unappetizing. We also had the bacon wrapped dates, which were actually good (but it's hard to mess up dates wrapped in bacon). My friend had their special cocktail of the day, which was some peach concoction... it was pretty awful, extreme alcohol -y taste and generally not pleasant. Maybe their regular menu is better, but I don't think I would come here again to find out. PS When we got there, we talked for awhile and then pulled out our phones to check in while we were waiting... the bartender came over and told us to put our phones away and enjoy each others company. I get that, but I think it wasn't his place to suggest it, especially since he had no idea what we were doing, how long we had been together, or the fact that we were checking in and that's it. I thought it was in poor taste.
4	The lunch special pricing makes this place worth it IMO.  The food and service are both very good but the non special pricing is a little steep.  It is very nice inside and everyone is very friendly.  I have tried their sandwhiches, tacos and mac n cheese and they were all great.  haven't been for dinner yet.
4	Had the halibut tonight, it was a bit dry but nothing some lemon could not cure. The tenderloin was perfectly prepared and the salmon was good. Service was great as usual and the cotton candy is great. No seriously you have to try the cotton candy!
4	I love stopping here for happy hour, though my big problem is that they say they validate but I ended up paying full price for parking ($9 dollars).I love the devils on horseback, and their chicken drumsticks!There was a DJ there during my last visit. She seemed to know to play to the crowd and how many were there!
3	This is a must-go to for Happy Hour! Food: We ordered the mac and cheese, Copper City Drumsticks, and the Wagyu Meatloaf Sliders. We enjoyed it all.  The mac and cheese is creamy and cheesy as it should be (they could add a little spice/pepper to it). The drumsticks are like lolly pops and have a slight Asian flair from the honey and crispiness. The meatloaf sandwich is good- slightly crispy on the outside, but fluffy on the inside (the consistency is not your average meatloaf). Ambiance: Nice setting, more business casualService.  This was the downfall, and caused a removal of a star. Our waitress, Marena S. was below par due to a lack of people's skills and willingness to fulfill standard requests. It really changed our experience, although the food was good, this was overshadowing. She could normally be amazing, but we definitely got her on a bad day. I still recommend you visit.  You might get a different server, or you might catch Marena on a better day.
2	The only reason I didn't give this place 1 star, was because they actually prepared my steak the temperature I ordered it. Otherwise, they do not deserve the 2nd star.I read good reviews about this place, but was very disappointed (to say the lease) when I actually dined there this past Sunday.  The list of entrees was discounted for the summer, which was nice, but that didn't make up for their service.....or lack there of.  The only thing they delivered quickly was the bread basket.....everything else took a ridiculous amount of time.  The first question I had regarding cocktails, didn't help start us off on the right foot.  The menu states they have a cocktail of the day.  I inquired about it, which I was told that because they had a large party that was taking up the bartenders time, they didn't have on that day.  Excuse me?  Because your restaurant scheduled a large party, yet didn't have staff the rest of the restaurant accordingly, isn't my or any other customer's fault.  Strike 1.  The cocktail I did actually order....the bartender came back (after too much time) to finally let me know that they weren't able to make that drink....Strike 2.The drinks aren't cheap here....$10 plus....and they came out in the tiniest glasses I've ever seen.  The prices they're charging for the "drink" that you receive isn't worth it.  I got a shot-sized drink.  I can go somewhere else and pay less for a decent sized drink with actual alcohol in it.  Not only were they expensive, but they took forever to get to us.  Our waiter apologized for the delay by saying..."the manager was at the bar watching and made the bartender nervous".  Excuse me?  Isn't this your job?  Isn't the manager supposed to come out and watch you every now and then?  I don't understand how that would prolong the making of our drinks????  Strike 3.Our food didn't take horribly long to come out....and it wasn't bad.  My steak was prepared correctly, which a lot of restaurants fail to do. This gave them a couple points back....but not many.  It then took too long to finish the checkout process with our tab and whatnot.  With so many places to choose from.....I will most definitely not be returning.
2	A friend chose this restaurant for a pre-concert dinner.  I was surprised when we arrived at the Sheraton because I don't typically think of Sheratons as "fancy" hotels.  However, the hotel is beautiful inside and the lobby is quite high end.  It took much longer than it should have to receive our cocktails.  Our waiter explained that it was taking a long time on our drinks because they were serving a large party.  While I appreciated the explanation, it doesn't make my time or money any less valid.  If you can't serve other patrons, close the restaurant for the night.  The drinks were tasting but the size was disappointing.  A $12 non-martini cocktail served in a small juice glass...  No.  I had the herb roasted chicken which was really good but mildly disturbing because there was a bone sticking out of it (I have serious case of meat denial and do not like reminders that it was once alive... but that's my issue).  The chicken was cooked well and the flavors were tasty.  The grilled bread was also delicious as was the broccolini.  While our server was very nice, service was very slow.  It took a long time to get the check processed and we started to get nervous about missing the start of our show.  As I've said in previous reviews, there are just too many other good options downtime to come back here.  It's a shame because the food is actually quite good but the service and cocktail value needs work.
4	Went for happy hour on a Friday. Great specials. And the small bites are great. It was great. Just not 5 stars great
3	Lucky's the bartender's name!!
5	Awesome place to take someone out for a nice dinner. Valet is free if you eat at the restaurant so that's a plus.
4	The grilled beef tenderloin with red wine demi glaze...omg!  Delicious.    1/2 price bottle wine to go with it, awesome!
3	OK - so much potential here but things are missingfirst - the $9 lunch special is an awesome deal. You can get steak and fries, gourmet grilled cheese, corned beef sandwich or  pressThe atmosphere is great. High ceilings, tons of natural lightingThe problem I have found in my last 3 times there has been the service. We have always sat in the side area to the right and it simply takes forever to get our lunch and leave. Very understaffed at lunch time. My advice, don't sit in the side area by the bar, stick to the restaurant area, there appears to be more servers there
5	Just finishing up my duck dinner here! Excellent! Best duck I've had in years! The blend of spices and seasoning was mouth watering and delicious! I topped it off with the gooey chocolate butter cake...perfect!
4	I always enjoy having dinner here when I'm in town for work (it's attached to my hotel and I'm lazy). I find that the food is extremely good quality for the price and that the service is always great. And who can complain about the cotton candy at the end of the meal?! Big thanks also to Alexis, my server last Thursday evening. She was fantastic.
3	Came here for a catered happy hour - drinks were okay, but food was pretty good. Definitely go for the short rib quesadillas and whoopie pies!
3	Lunch very disappointing. Trying it for dinner since I'm staying at the hotel. So far the bread is delicious they do a very interesting stuff with the ER and sweet potato soup was amazing.
5	Great service and food. I had the Ruben my husband had the fish and chips. The food was hot, seasoned perfectly.  We had a late lunch. Good portions.  We were concerned because we have not had great food at a hotel restaurants,  we were pleasently surprised.
5	Great dinner. Fantastic butter. Fall off the bone duck over chard and white beans with pomegranate. Glass of martini cab. Good mind place, happy belly. Thanks.
4	Very good food, service was good, and location was perfect for downtown. We thoroughly enjoyed the meal of a burger, salmon, and steak.
4	This place is so charming. You only sat in bar area & have drinks because it was so busy but it was so cute and drink was delicious. The other reason I am giving 4 stars is because I didn't eat here. Can't wait to have dinner here
5	This is by far the best breakfast we have ever tasted. The service was great and the atmosphere was great. The pancakes were amazing.
5	Dinner on 12/4 was delicious and memorable! Devils on horseback were recommended and wonderful. My rib eye was cooked to perfection. Lovely atmosphere and location.
3	The portion is big but not huge, nice seafood and very good services. Ate the oysters and there are 6 types to choose from. Visited July 2014
4	I eat here several times a year when staying overnight in Phoenix for work. The room is classy, the service good and the dishes are imaginative almost always really good. Prices are a bit high but really just average for an upscale place in a big, down-town hotel.Their beef dishes are always well-cooked and they serve a nice portion, not over-sized.I aways ask for Alexis--she's a great, personable server. But, when they have Alexis in the lounge or if she's off, the others are great too.
3	The tasting menu is absolutely amazing. One of my favorite restaurants/meals ever.
4	District is part of the Sheraton hotel in downtown Phoenix. We went for happy hour on a Monday. We each got a beer and ordered the mac and cheese, wings, and hummus to share. Skip the hummus - it's got an unidentifiable sour flavour that's just not that great after the first couple of bites. The 'lavash' served with it was a bit greasy and generally not very tasty. The wings were good, and so was the mac (rotini?) and cheese. A good hh option if you are in the area.
4	We had the pre-theater dinner at $55 and it was great. Appetiser, entree, dessert & coffee. Excellent menu selection. Everything was prepared and served perfectly. Good portions. Very professional staff. I thought the mid-century decor would be ""dated"" but it was not. The rooms are spacious and lovely. You do not feel crowded and they don't rush you. You're there for a first rate dinner experience, and that's what you get.
4	Ventured here randomly last night before going to a friends birthday party at ainsworth. Definitely much better then we expected upon walking in. Good bartenders and decently priced drinks
4	What a great place. Real atmosphere, real beer, real food. Great range of beer and wine, including staples like Amstel and Guiness, but also a lot of great American brews on tap too. Brooklyn lager was my favourite, but there was plenty more to chose from. The food was great, we ate there twice and the food is very tasty and good value. We also sat outside during the day for a coffee and that was also good. The service is excellent and very friendly. They are such nice people.The interior is a real gem though - what most Brits would recognise as a proper old fashioned bar. I'd recommend it for a quiet drink during the day, with a bit more life (but not crammed) in the evening. Liked it so much I bought the tee shirt!
4	Tried out this restaurant for the first time today for brunch. It's in the Sheraton in downtown Phoenix. Our waitress was extremely nice. Brunch menu had quite a variety to choose from. Prices were a little expensive. You can order cereal for $8.00 a bowl. I can buy 2 Wheaties boxes for that price. Anyway I had the the freshly squeezed orange juice and the Sonoran Scramble. The Sonoran scramble had Schreiners chorizo so I couldn't turn it down. It came with a huge tortilla. You definitely get your monies worth here. If you're in downtown Phoenix and looking for a place for breakfast/brunch that isn't so crowded, I would go here.
5	Danny meyer continues to provide the bet all around experience in Phoenix. the fresh, garlic potato chip appetizer makes you want to skip the entree and just keep munching. the tuna, anyway you get it, makes you wonder how so many places can't get it right. a bottle of their original champagne tops any meal. you feel as if you are usc's most important customer.
5	Great food, great service and love the cotton candy!
3	My wife ordered the salmon and it was very good. I ordered the fish and chips, The fish was very soggy and had very little taste. After ordering a bottle of Pinot Noir, we ordered an additional glass of Meomi for $17 a glass (the price if a bottle at any retail store) and it was served at room temperature in a regular wine glass. If you're going to charge premium prices for a wine then you should serve it properly chilled and in a proper Pinot Noir glass.The staff did take care of my meal cost and the service was exceptionally attentive.
4	One of the best restaurants in AZ -- I loved every single thing about my meal here. The duck breast was delicious. The staff are super knowledgable and all of the ingredients are locally sourced. Every bite was memorable and I can't wait for another special occasion/reason to go back.
5	This July I took my granddaughter to my second visit to  District American Kitchen and Wine Bar, which I discovered with a friend last summer. In the midst of last summer's blistering heat wave, we went in at 5:30 more for relief from the high temperature and needing a place near the District American Kitchen and Wine Bar Theater where we would be going later. The table was reserved for 7:30 but we had plenty of time to relax and order from the wonderful, Italian-tinged menu. Our waitress, Carolyn, was knowledgable and full of suggestions and I ordered leg of lamb. It was as good as any lamb I've ever had and when I took my granddaughter there I had it again; it was just as good. She had the gnocci, which I'd never had, and loved it.
4	So nice; so tasty; so fresh. And it would be a bargain at 1/3rd the price.
3	First time here, noticed  good reviews and since I tried the breakfast while on business decided to try dinner.First, the hostess did a nice job of accommodating my seating request. Got water and bread right away, but then I just sat there at idle for 10 minutes watching 7 people go by me & no one to take my order. The place was not busy at all. Anyway, I approached a waiter (Ryan) and he gracefully/expeditiously took my order and turned things around. I ordered the tasty Cedar Roasted Pacific Salmon. It was glazed with maple bourbon...also served with sweet shrimp & asparagus tip risotto, which was equally tasty. This was a delicious dish, the best salmon I had in a long time. The customer service was certainly rescued by Ryan. Outstanding job!! I'll be back.
