4	If you need any office supplies, furniture, printers, computers, or one of them fancy electronic book readers, then you should check this place out. Not being a teacher or office manager/employee, I only come to these stores for printer ink. I was greeted with a friendly "Hello, can I help you find something" by one of the employees. My friend was looking for a stapler which the employee quickly guided us down the aisle to find an extensive collection, although I didn't see a red Swingline stapler ;)  There is a huge print service station in the back and plenty of employees to help out with anything. Check out was super quick as there were three cashiers open and ready for a customer. Oh and I found out, thanks to my teacher friend, that you get a discount if you are a teacher. Pretty rad.
4	I think I am really going to be utilizing this location quite a bit over the next year for ink for my new Brother printer I purchased on Black Friday. Living Social had a great deal for Office Max today for example for 10 bucks you get 20 bucks toward Ink and Toner. The staff is very friendly.....and there were several on staff today due to the Black Friday rush. However with that being said I think they are always courteous and nice despite Black Friday and I will keep you updated if that changes because like I said I will probably be seeing them a lot in the future. They have Ink and Toner for just about any printer......all-in-one.....whether it be laser....inkjet....and I believe they do refills but I will have to double check on that. The prices are very good....however I probably will give Amazon.com a shot first because they have some very good deals on my ink as well. If I don't want to wait however for it to be shipped to me....it is nice to know I can walk to office max and get some in a pinch.....and for a decent price. Eat, Drink and Be Merry my Friends!!!!!
2	If you like dealing with people who have absolutely no personality, smack their gum, and with slower-than-necessary cadence say things like, "...well, unfortunately..." then this is the store for you. I needed something at the "print center" and they just couldn't be bothered. It was all about what they couldn't do. Believe me, I get that it's an office supply store, but come on, most of what they've got I can get someplace else and that exactly what I'll do.
2	Found what I needed fast, store seems organized, but when I went to check out, the line has 5 people, and we have one person to check is out! I see 4 other workers just standing around and no incentive to help out! Will not return to this place, can just go to target or Walmart for anything they offer here.
