5	Always clean. Well stoked. Someone is always available to help. Cant get better than this!
4	Great service and low prices, restroom is always pretty well kept up. This is a big plus for me since that is a area that a lot of businesses ignore. I only gave four stars instead of five because often times advertised specials are rarely in stock. Every day items are normally on hand and fresh though.
5	Always friendly, very clean and great prices.
4	F&E is great! I love that it's small & has much of what I need. I like not having to walk a mile through the parking lot, through the store just to get some milk like you have to do in the other grocery stores (especially Target). The only thing I don't like is that they have taken away (slowly) name brand products and replaced them with F&E generics that aren't as good.
3	Well, I went in with high expectations. The produce looked great and there was a nice selection of foods, unlike Sprouts which does not supply my beloved Diet Coke. First trip there, we purchased one of those ready to bake chicken and stuffing things. Looked really good. Well, it wasn't. It was literally inedible,  the chicken was super tough and stringy and the stuffing had melted into goop. We were really disappointed but thankfully the potatoes and veggies we got salvaged the meal. Called the store and spoke with a manager named Bill. Bill said to bring back the packaging and receipt and they'd take care of us.So, tonight we head back over. Ended up speaking to some female manager that was not so friendly. Quite the opposite of Bill actually. Lots of eye rolling and at one point asked if it was bad, "because of how I cooked it.". Well, seeing as how i cooked it PRECISELY as the instructions indicated, I'd say not. Was not thrilled with her condescending attitude.  Again, veggies look great and nice selection. This time we chose the pork tenderloin with apricot stuffing. Slightly better than the chicken but still pretty tough and chewy. Not impressed with the meat selection. Next time I'll just go to Costco and make my own pork tenderloin with stuffing. So, I am on the fence about this place. Bitchy manager didn't help. *3rd star was due to cheap and good wine selection..
5	I shop here 4-5 times a week, good selection of health foods and the staff are very friendly, highly recommend!
4	Fresh & Easy Neighborhood Market makes grocery shopping "F-N Easy"!  What can you say about a grocery store that has a couple parking spots for parents with kids and my favorite Hybrids parking spots right in front of the store.  This grocery concept is geared for a person/persons who want to get in and out of the store quick and only offers self service checkout. Let me share a little nugget about how my household operates.  My family and I plan our weekly meals but always seem to deviate from the plan when meals get switched up in the 11th hour.  Not to point the finger but I'm a trooper who makes my families meals requests come true.  This store is much smaller than your standard grocery store and with that your selection is much smaller.  It is truly geared for a single person or small families.  You will find a good selection of fresh fruits and vegetables, in most cases the prepackaged quantities are small or have options to buy individual pieces.  Where this store seems to excel is that they have a fairly large selection of what I would call "fresh TV dinners".  What I mean with this is that these are fresh refrigerated meals you take home and warm-up along with salads or cold meals too.  You will find a good selection of fresh prepackaged butcher meats and cheeses along with pizza dough balls you take home to rollout yourself.  They have a decent dairy selection and we always stop at their prepackaged cake, pie and pastry area.   They have a fairly large freezer section for a store this small and even have a good gluten-free section(my spot to browse).  There is much more here that I have not listed but is worth a trip to if you have one in your neighborhood.  They have laid out the floor plan flawlessly and pack a lot of stuff in a small area.  I understand everyone is not 6'4" like me but they could go taller with their racks to fit even more into the store.  The only way I can really explain this store for my east coast peeps is that it is just like a larger bodega.  Not sure if this chain is still owned by Tesco but really got close replicating the Tesco Markets in the UK minus the cell phones!  If you shop at these stores in the afternoons you can take advantage of their daily markdown items.
4	My F&E closed, so this is the nearest one.  I love F&E.  But this location the folks are not as friendly and helpful.  I miss my F&E, but I love their stuff.
5	This grocery store has really fresh produce, a great cheese selection and really friendly service. Great samples. Excellent liquor prices.
