4	When I have to go to Starbucks (and because of my girlfriend's Caramel Machiatto with too many shot addiction i often do) this is the one that pisses me off the least. I have had a string of bad luck with service and drinks at other locations but the people working at this location really have their shit together. The espresso is hardly ever even burned! Almost everyone who works here is sweet as daisies and they even occassionally let me out with my black coffee for free. The location is generally quiet and well behaved as far as patrons go so I don't even mind hanging out for a bit to work on my crosswords.This location does a great job of reminding me that Starbucks was once a neighborhood coffee house with good business values.
4	This is my neighborhood Starbucks. Let's face it: Starbucks is the fast food of coffee. You are looking for consistency and efficiency and you get it here. Even when the line stretches to the door the staff are smiling and friendly, moving through the orders as quickly as they can. And, despite the criticism that they're "corporate," those barristas know my name (and my drink), even when I don't remember theirs! If I've been on a roll and coming in daily, they are courteous enough to start my drink even before I get to the register. When it's been a while, they remember my drink but check to make sure that's what I'm in the mood for on that visit. They have started a rewards program where you can get a free drink for every 15 transactions or with a whole bean purchase, free refills on brewed coffee and tea and they won't charge you for (select) syrups and "milks." Plus you get a free drink for your birthday. Another perk: I have Starbucks to thank for a lot of the more recent downloads on my iPod, thanks to the Pick of the Week. I grab one of those cards by the register whenever a new one is out and redeem the free download and I really have "discovered" new artists.
5	Best Starbucks around. The evening staff are above and beyond awesome. When I go in there, I feel like I'm stepping in to Cheers. They all know my name, what I order and ask about my family, my business, my basketball injuries.Tip them well and they'll take really good care of you!
5	:] best starbucks around & probably one of the best i've ever been too... & i'm not just saying that because i work there, but it really has a great atmosphere, huge lobby to come study or just hangout, & the drinks are always good. :]
3	So I'm a coffee fan through and through, and Starbucks to be sure is near the top my list usually. While this Starbucks is fine, staff service seems to be lacking. Service is make a break, and unfortunately it's not making the grade today.
5	It's a nice Starbucks. Never had a bad experience :)
1	The staff at this location has ZERO sense of urgency. It drives me crazy! Be prepared to wait in a long line and cross your fingers they get your order right when you've waited 10 minutes to get a coffee. I would offer this advice for such a popular location... Have someone taking orders of customers waiting in line! Every morning you have a line that expands all the way to the front door. This location would be ideal if management spent some time with their staff on time management.Wake up Starbucks! Let's get going!!
4	All Starbucks are not created equal. This location is good. Staff very friendly and helpful and the coffee was good!
5	Love it here. In fact I would say it is one of the best if not the best  Starbucks in Phoenix, AZ.
5	Wonderful staff, great positive atmosphere!  Service was quick and product was perfection!
5	Great staff! They are so genuine and treat you like a person, not another transaction. This is what coffee shops are all about. In a rush? Brew at home or wake up earlier.
4	This is a cute Starbucks, nice staff, pretty speedy service. They have a tiny patio area and it's basically just the sidewalk in front of the store.It was very busy when I went but it was raining for once in phoenix. The service was speedy and though it was packed, still friendly. I know I'm repeating myself but I have no patience when it comes to slow baristas. There was a lot of space in the shared lot to park and lots of seating available inside even considering the large crowd hiding from the rain.
5	I love this Starbucks the servuce is always good and it is always clean. Like all Starbucks it is a little more expensive then other coffee shops.
5	Don't judge a book by it's cover! I recently started coming here and from the outside it looks small and corner-ish; almost like a diver bar. However as soon as you walk in the door you feel as if you have walked into a Costo. I could almost play basketball in the store. The spaciousness is really important to me and you can pick a good seat and survey the entire store. The wall strip of never ending outlets to plug in whatever electronic device is more than useful. The staff are all really affable and cater to your specific needs. Def a great local to read, study, or just get some work done!
4	Another large Starbucks location with tables aplenty!  The weather is perfect now mid-day and the hipsters are out.  Pros of this location:Cranberry cheesecake-desserty thing samples on the counterThey spelled "Erin" correctly, and normally.Cons of this location:I can't find any outlets! Perhaps that's why all the chairs in the corner are full?  Good thing I charged up at the last spot, which had outlets below all of the tables that I looked at.This one, too, is a little chilly.  It's November in Phoenix so naturally half of us are bundled up in sweaters (albiet flip flops) and the other half are in sundresses and short pants, but I thin it's cold for all of us here. I can see goosebumps on my fellow caffeine fiends.The pros outweigh the cons and the ladies behind the counter are lovely and light-hearted, so I'm a fan.
1	Never been to a worse Starbucks.  Went to the drive thru and Kim was rude and unfriendly. She was more concerned with continuing the conversation with her coworker. No sense of urgency unlike the other locations I've been to.
