4	This man knows his stuff. He is a good family doctor. He does his continuing education and research and knows the newest things, despite the fact that he is a family doctor with a very busy practice.  And he doesn't complain about the American medical system, because he used to practice in Toronto and sees both sides. He's smart and he cares, although he has a somewhat gruff exterior sometimes.I'd give him a 5, except he runs  late all the time because he has so many patients.  On the good side, he has open wireless in his office for the convenience of waiting patients who need to work while waiting.
1	The summary is that I could have been better served and diagnosed by a blind monkey than I was by Dr. Lawrence Kramer and his staff.Don't get me wrong.  I'm not normally one to be negative.  But I have never left a place of business feeling more disgusted, useless, and violated than I did today.  My experience: I made an appointment at 11:15.  Showed up at 11:15.  Didn't get in until 12:00.  Then, my appointment with Dr. Lawrence Kramer was shorter than the time the nurse took to measure and weigh me. Dr. Lawrence Kramer cares only about getting you out as soon as you come in to make more $$$$ by seeing more patients.  And patient beware: he'll try to get you to buy more stuff in the short amount of time he'll spend with you.  First he tried to force a chest exam on me...then it was a flu shot.  And I'm supposed to trust this guy?  He doesn't even try to diagnose the problem, and then wants more $$$ by prescribing stuff that is totally unrealated to the reason why I'm there.  After my experience with Dr. Lawrence Kramer, I went outside and ran into one of the workers in the building.  I told her about my experience, and she asked about the doctor.  I said, 'I went to see Dr. Lawrence Kramer.'   She said, 'Go figure.  That doctor is the worst.  He only cares about the signing off on tickets.'Enough said.  Take your kids, your health problems, and your medical insurance far away from Dr. Kramer at the Biltmore Medical Center on Highland.  Hopefully the lull in his practice forces him to reevaluate how he treats his patients.
5	Dr. Kramer has been my family physician for a few years and he is my favorite doctor of all time. I believe my two children would agree. True, he is busy, but he does care and he does take the time to talk to you about your medical concerns and issues. I feel extremely comfortable and confident in his abilities to ascertain and diagnose accurately. He is honest, funny and personable. I give him a five, even if he does run a little late, because he and his staff are forgiving if you do, too.
4	Very impressed with Dr Kramer.  He's very thorough and spends an unusual amount of time with you during your appt, not something you see much anymore.  He always has a student along with him and his manner of teaching combined with his dry sense of humor is refreshing.  The only reason I did not give him a 5 star review is because he usually is running behind quite a bit, however considering you know you will get your fair share of time with him when it's your turn, its not something I can whole heartedly complain about.   I would definitely recommend this office.
1	I rarely give 1 star reviews, but in this case I had no choice. I needed an appointment on fairly short notice so when I found Dr. Kramer had an opening for the next day I jumped on it. I made my appointment online via Zoc Doc. I was also able to fill out all my paperwork online avoiding a long wait at the office. Arrive at 3:30 for my 3:45 appointment. The office was filled with screaming children. The receptionist needed my ID and insurance card. I had to fill out a quick consent form which was fine. 45 minutes later I'm summoned back to Dr. Kramer office. I waited another 10 minutes in there before his PA arrived. She then proceeds to ask  me every single question that I already answered online which should have eliminated this long ass process. Finally Dr. Kramer arrives at 5:00. More questions, more examining. His conclusion was that I did not have a bacterial infection. I did however have a viral infection. He prescribed a Z pack. 4 days later and I feel exactly the same. I called his office yesterday and told them what is going on. I was then told that what he prescribed won't work because I did not have a bacterial infection and viral infections go away on it's on in about 6 weeks, but the Dr. needs to see you again. ARE YOU KIDDING ME?????? I asked the lady what he was going to do different on my next visit that he didn't do on the first visit. No answer.Needless to say, I will not be returning to Dr. Kramer. If you simply want to give your money away I suggest an organization like PAWS (pets are worth saving) because Dr. Kramer ripped me off and had the nerve to try to do it a second time.
1	I hate coming here, the receptionist seems mad always, she has a rude tone and makes you feel like you are annoying her.  I only cone here cus I'm leaving in a couple months but lawd this place needs a new crew not to mention dr. Kramer can be a rude one! I can tell he got irritated when he knew I had to be refered out..... read riviews in the end we make him business and his staff gets paid because we the patients bring business.... hmmm maybe they should think about this
