5	Not cheap, but you get what you pay for here, and it's well worth your money if you can afford to shop here.  They do a great job on fitting, and have cute bras in small-band, big-cup sizes like 32G.  I had forgotten what it was like to go to a store and try on a variety of bras that fit!
5	I trust my giant knockers to Contours Lingerie. AMAZING, personalized and friendly service, and a great selection of bras that actually fit my F cup jugs. Either of those would be enough, but the two combined are freakin' awesome.  I HIGHLY, HIGHLY recommend this place, especially if you're like me and have a hard time finding bras in your size.
5	Big busted ladies of Southern Wisconsin: get thee to Contours!After living in the UK for 3 years, where finding bras for larger sizes is easy peasy (think standard selection in department stores as well a great chain specialty lingerie shop), I was stressed when I came back to Wisconsin. With an upcoming wedding, I was in need of a strapless, longline bra. Nothing crazy. Just standard special occasion underwear. Most gals wear such things under a bridal gown. I spent a week scouring Madison. All the department stores from JCPenney to Boston Store to Macys to Kohls. I checked Victoria's Secret, knowing it would be in vain (as their sizing is hilarious on a good day) and even the lingerie department of Lane Bryant as they stock a broad range of sizes. Very few carried special occasion bras, and none carried larger sizes. I tried David's Bridal. Nope.Then I did some Googling and learned of Contours. While I was away from Madison, some great new things definitely have happened, and Contours is one.Although I did have to wait a while for my personal fitting appointment (as the shop owner was with another client), the sales gal was super kind and offered us (I was shopping with the mother) water and a comfy place to sit. For a small boutique, they have a really great selection of bras and underwear in all shapes, sizes, and colors. And guess where they get most of their stock from? The UK! So, happily, my knowledge of my current bra size in UK terms made for a super easy try-on session. I walked away with a very expensive, but very perfect bra for my big day. Did I pay a little more in Contours than I might've online for the same garment? Yes. Was it worth it for the personal service and knowledge that I was supporting a local, independent business? ABSOLUTELY.I plan on going back here for other undie needs and will be sending anyone I know who mentions their need of big-busted bras! (Though they stock a range, they seem to specialize in carrying larger sizes not available elsewhere).  Contours: I love it.
5	Amazing.  I am very petite and so is my chest.  After having 2 kids I really needed help and decided to go to a real bra shop and have someone fit me properly.  It was a revelation!  I now have the proper support and feel a lot better about my chest size:). It is not cheap, but it's worth it if you can spare it.
5	Women...you must visit Contours!  I've always thought VS was THE place to buy bras until I went to contours.  Their professional staff were great...tactfully explaining and showing me how my bras I have now fit WRONG!!!  Their classy approach to fittings and explanation of how bras should fit and how to care for them was great.  Yes they are a little more than VS per bra (mine was $60), but I really believe they are made better and have a superior fit!
5	Ladies, do yourself a favor and stop by this shop to get you some new lovelies. Contours is one of the few shops in Madison that follow the proper way to do bra fittings (aka the European method of the number being the number in inches of a band tightly just under your boobs and the cup size being the difference in inches from the first measurement and that of you at the fullest part of your boobs when you are leaning over slightly). If you've ever been measured at Victoria's Secret or some other mall store, you are probably wearing the wrong sized bra. If your straps fall down all the time, you're probably wearing the wrong sized bra. If you get the quad boob thanks to the cups cutting into the top of your boobs, you're probably wearing the wrong sized bra. If your band is riding up a ton, you're probably wearing the wrong sized bra. If you have a larger than average sized chest, you're probably wearing the wrong bra.  If you're wearing a size small or x-small shirt and you got your bra at Vicky's or a regular store, you're probably wearing the wrong sized bra. The workers at Contours know how to do proper bra fittings (or you can do them yourself with an online guide (www.reddit.com/r/abrathatfits) and bring in your size) and can help you find the styles that work best for you.  Bras here are going to be more expensive, but having one that properly fits makes a world of difference. When I went I came home with one new bra and noted several other styles that I liked which I may pick up online. They tend to be cheaper online, but getting to try on several different styles all at once is worth the premium prices you pay here. I didn't have an appointment, but rather just stopped by when out shopping. The sales gal I worked with didn't seem pushy at all and had a very relaxed pace. I wasn't rushed at all. I knew they had a nice selection of bras, but I was pleasantly surprised at the variety and quality of lingerie that they also had on hand. A wide variety of sizes from xsmall to plus sizes is wonderful to see. Fellas, if you want to get some quality undergarments for your ladies, this is the place to go. They even will keep your sizes on file along with a wishlist to make future shopping trips (or present buying) an easier affair.
1	Not impressed. I went in for my first professional bra fitting last weekend. I was really excited to find a bra that fit since my current ones are old and all stretched out. She fitted me in the ribcage and I was "exactly" a 38. She didn't fit me across the bust, which I thought was odd. She told me I was a 38 DD. There is no way I'm a DD. I've been wearing B or C for as long I can remember. I questioned this, but she said that's the size I am.I tried on the 38 DD bras she brought out. ALL of them were uncomfortably tight in the ribcage. I would have much preferred a 40, but the salesperson said I"d get used to it. I didn't want to have to get used to it. I wanted a bra that was comfortable. So I tried on all the bras and had a lovely red mark around my ribcage from twisting the bra around when I clasped it.The DD wasn't right either. All the bras were gaping and I was swimming in the cups. The saleslady didn't seem at all interested in finding me a new size. After 12 bras, I just gave up. Their bras are expensive and I couldn't see me looking forward to wearing them.So I went to Soma and had them fit me. I was fitted for a 40 C and bought 4 bras from them. They fit wonderfully! It seems from the other reviews that the salespeople are really stubborn in the way they fit a person and don't listen to any suggestions from the customer. If they keep this up, they will be out of the bra business soon. Disappointed and won't be back.
5	Amazing spot for bras and lingerie! Finally found somewhere with a great selection in my size. The staff is super helpful and knowledgeable, and patient with fittings. They made me feel right at home! Plus the lingerie is all super sexy and cute. HIGHLY recommend stopping by for a fitting- it will change your life!
5	I haven't been here in awhile. Unfortunately for me my bra size is so expensive I wear my bras for longer than I should. I know, I know. Shame on me, but I'm a poor college student. This place is the only place I've been able to find my cup size in though! You may scoff, but as a 34HH it's no easy task to find an in person store who carries my size. I almost jumped around in joy when I discovered that! This place gives a great fit. They definitely know what they're doing, unlike the terrible, terrible staff at Victoria's Secret. I have no idea who I worked with, but I know it was one of the owner's. She was a peach! She was just so helpful! She even gave me a few sites I didn't know about where I can find my sized bras. I found it shocking that she was more than happy to hand over other places to find my bras. Maybe she felt my pain in finding the right size. Either way, when I get a chance I'll be back in. Oh, and the prices were pretty competitive with the sites I've had experience with.
2	First off, they have a good selection of hard to find bra sizes. One downfall is I am not sure that they knew how to fit a pregnant woman that will need to have a little room to grow, especially when bras cost $80. MY major problem with them is that I had my husband and 1 1/2 year old with me and they would not allow them in the dressing room with me (although I needed help from my husband and he was the one paying for my bra).  I have been to other specialty bra stores, where this was not a problem. The dressing rooms were open with just a curtain so I am not sure why it was such an issue, but because of that I will not be coming back.
2	I was shopping for a bustier to wear under my wedding dress and found an option at Contours. It was $145 which was way more than I wanted to spend, but I thought it'd be worth it if it worked. I was told, verbatim, that I could "return within 30 days of my dress fitting" which was perfect, as my fitting was about an hour after I bought it. The bustier didn't end up working with the dress, so I brought it back 2 hours after I'd purchased it. Only then did they inform me that they only accept returns for store-credit, not a refund. They cited "cleaning costs" as a reason, which is ridiculous considering I wore the bustier longer while trying it on in store than I did at the dress fitting. I can understand not accepting underwear, but owning a bustier for 2 hours on a Saturday afternoon does not in any way warrant "cleaning."  It would have been one thing if they had told me this up front, but that would lose them too many customers. They were very calculated with their verbiage while I was there, never once saying "we only accept returns for store credit" in the multiple conversations we had about their policy, and they were just as calculated and rehearsed with their responses when I came back to return it. Their defense was "the policy is printed on the back of your receipt"... you know, that thing that's given to you *after* you purchase something. I guess my mistake was trusting the words that came out of the sales girls' mouths during the initial visit. I don't dispute the quality of the things they sell or even their return policy, but I'll never be back there thanks to their intentionally deceitful staff.
1	The same thing happened to me that happened to Allie below. It was actually about a year ago, but I was just reminded of it! Since I was so busy with wedding stuff back then, I hadn't had time to write a review.I went here to find a longline bra to wear under my wedding dress. After explaining the situation, we went through their return policy and they explained they'd "make and exception for me", since my next fitting was in more than 30 days (like 32 or something). They made a note on the front of my receipt, but never mentioned that it would only be for store credit.In the month between buying it and the fitting, I acutally had left it in my car, in the bag, so I didn't forget it or have any damage to it. It was $140! As a young bride, I didn't have that kind of money to waste! A month later, lo and behold, the bra didn't fit with the dress. When I brought it back to return it though - Sorry! Only store credit. I was shocked. I explained (to the owner) that the saleswoman I had worked with wrote on my receipt I'd be able to return it after my fitting, la la la... but she became defensive immediately. I assume this happens often. She told me the line about how she'll actually be taking a loss on it because they'll have to clean it, to which I explained it actually hadn't been out of the bag, save when I had tried it on earlier that day at the fitting. She said in case I had a cat, they needed to have it laundered. For people with allergies. What?? I said I didn't have a cat, but it didn't seem to matter. The owner then showed me the back of the receipt, noting that for bridal items, there's only in store credit. This is such a ridiculous policy (what the hell makes a bra a bridal bra?), but I would have understood it if I didn't feel they tried to skirt the issue when they sold it. If that is your policy, you need to clearly explain it, not assure someone they can return it, omitting that they'll never see that money again. In the end, she gave me an extra $5 dollars so I could buy two normal bras for that price. Whoopie. I didn't need new bras, I needed money to pay for my wedding.They have nice stuff, don't get me wrong, but their dishonesty really overshadowed all for me.
5	I went into to Contour Lingerie this last week. I received that best service. I was nervous trying a bra but Kayla made me feel at home. I walked away with three bra that fit and feel comfortable.....when the last time you felt that way in a bra. The store is super cute and the service is GREAT!!! Thank you for making me feel like a women again.
