5	The layout is super cool: like a movie theater complete with a vast menu of coffee choices. I stuck with a plain old latte, but it was perfectly roasted and absolutely delicious. I love the colours of their glassware and the option of still or sparkling water to accompany your coffee.The service was impeccable and for the quality of the coffee, they don't even try to gauge you price-wise. I will most definitely be back as I had my eye on a cranberry/macadamia cookie that looked amazing and a half.
5	Lovely little spot tucked down a pretty alley off lower St Denis, right where you might hope an exceptional cafe would be. Run by the St Henri folks, these beans are local and the roast is strong, clear and delicious. There's not many who can manage to balance taking something like coffee extremely seriously with a long list of coffee menu items at the door, detailed questions asked by the skilled baristas, beverages delivered with cloth napkin, cool water,  filtered coffee made in small batches for you with love; and love is the operative word. Not pretentious, not showy, just interested in care and craft and providing a wonderful experience. Enjoy your coffee, relax in the old wooden chairs rescued from local schools, rubbed smooth by generations. Maybe think about things like craft, learning and love. Or maybe just enjoy that sweet good coffee buzz. Your call.
5	Third Wave coffee @ it's bestWhat a great find. Nestled as the back of Hotel St Denis is this charming locale. So perfect in every way. Self and boy friend popped in one mid week morning in early November around 8:30am, I believe that it stays open until 10pm. Just one or two other customers. Our highly entertaining, engaging and thoroughly skillful Barista gave us a wonderful experience.  Shame I didn't ask for his name. We placed our order for a cappuccino and a drip coffee as well and accepted his recommendation for the most scrumptious sweet potato muffin and delicious almond croissant and were asked to take a seat. Now knowing that artisanal coffee takes time we were really taken in with the ambiance and vibe of Cafe St Henri. The photos on Yelp will give you a perfect birds eye view of the restaurant's interiors.Soon enough our Barista served up our coffees and pastries, along with cute glasses filled with good water and linen napkins. Because he wasn't so busy just then we were able to engage in conversation with him relating to third wave coffee in Montreal versus our hometown of NYC. He explained the history behind the coffee used at the cafe and the roasting. And just like a previous Yelp Reviewer mentioned, coffee made in small batches is truly coffee at its best.We fell in love. You just couldn't help it. Everything that should be right about a coffee experience was there at Cafe St Henri. It's so worth putting on your schedule to stop in when in Montreal and if you're a local who hasn't yet been? Well, you are missing out....Thanks guys and great job at service, food and coffee.
5	Great little place that makes you feel comfortable. The space is quite small but not cramped. I liked how when you make your order the barista offers you a glass of sparkling or flat water. The decor is cool with wooden chairs, small tables, music stands to showcase the menu and warm lighting. My macchiato was tasty and I like the cup it was served in. I didn't order anything else, but the pastries looked really good. To sum: friendly service, good ambiance, tasty coffee. 2 thumbs up.
5	A warm and cozy little gem hidden on a small offshoot from the busy Rue St. Denis. Cafe St Henri has fantastic coffee, well sourced and excellently prepared. Amazing! They also serve you coffee with the a cloth napkin and water to cleanse your taste buds beforehand. The baristas were dressed up in fancy clothing (dress shirt with waistcoat), befitting of the wonderful "theatresque" setting in the shop. Friendly baristas, awesome service. Cafe St Henri is a must-visit for all coffee lovers in Montreal!
4	This is a cool little cafe just off busy St. Catherine street. They are open late and it is never too busy. Great coffee and you get free sparking water to cleanse the palate with every drink along with a cloth napkin. I love it!Didn't try the pastries as it was late in the day, I also found the chairs to be not the best for hanging out long term.
5	Hand pull, four grinders with beans of various origins, sweet espresso... Yes this is a place for the espresso hounds, coffee geeks, and pull purists.  As someone else noted, your espresso comes with a glass of water (no plastic) and a cloth napkin. Tres elegant.My major gripe: they open at 10. If they are striving to be an Institution, they need better hours. But perhaps the locals going to work are not in their audience?In any case, there really isn't much good coffee in this part of town, so if you're an espresso hound finding yourself near Berri-UQAM, this is your place.
5	Ah, Cafe St. Henri is my little oasis near my work. We have a decent automatic espresso machine in the office, but nothing beats an expertly pulled espresso.Attention to detail is what makes this place shine...you know just by the way the barista measures and re-measures to get the perfect tamp.I usually get a single espresso, a chug of water to cleanse the palate and I'm on my way out.Quiet atmosphere, great place to read or have a friendly chat.
5	I was wandering around the St. Denis area looking for a coffee shop to hang out at for a while and stumbled on this one, and was glad I did! Although really close to St. Denis, Cafe St Henri Emery was a little hidden if not for the "Cafe" sign. It was quiet in there with only a couple of folks, and was a really nice place to get out of the cold and relax and read for a little while. I really liked the quiet atmosphere. The cappuccino was excellent and well made, with local espresso. I ended up spending maybe 3 hours here, and could tell it was a local hangout or study place. I highly recommend if you're in that area to stop in!
5	I finally found a coffee shop in town that does pourovers and it did not disappoint! So tasty I didn't need milk or sugar in my coffee and that happens so rarely. I must go back for a French press!
4	GREAT place ,great stuff ,  coffee , very comfortable place to drink ur coffee ,u must try it as sooooooon as possible. I went with my frnd and it was amazing
5	Their espresso is perfectly made; As such, their Americano is absolute perfection. This third-wave coffee shop always makes my evenings with my wife very special. There is something about the coffee and ambiance here that makes the conversations ever-so deep.Perfection; Absolute perfection. May this place remain perfect and exist as such forever across time and space.If I lived near this coffee shop, I would visit it many times a week.
