4	Cute and simple storefront/dining area, and unique food.  I suppose you could get plain fries with ketchup, but that's a waste.  Tried the poutine, which is one of the few or only places in Madison to get it, and it was delicious.  Totally trying the cheese and PBR sauce next time.
4	My wife and I each ordered a regular size with an extra dipping sauce. This turned out to be more food then I thought, almost enough for a full meal.The fries were seasoned very well with seasoned salt and came out in just a few minutes. Most of the fries were well cooked but there was an undercooked one or two in my cone. I had the mango and the teriyaki sauces. Both of the sauces were thick white sauces. They both tasted good, but they didn't taste like mango or teriyaki. My wife and I couldn't even agree which was which. The sauces were labeled on top and the one label appeared smudged. I'm curious if we possible got one wrong sauce.  The two sauces my wife got were better, but I don't remember what they were.The decor was simple, but nice. The tables with the custom holes for your fries are fun and I always enjoy window seating on State, which there is plenty of. It's worth the trip and something refreshingly new to town.
4	You say "fried potatoes" and I'm interested! While I've not been to Belgium, I do consider myself pretty knowledgeable when it comes to fries, frites, and chips, and I've got to say these are different from any I've had here in town.Thick-cut, almost meaty, skin on frites tossed in seasoned salt, served hot and fresh. Could it get better? Add some "game day garlic" sauce or malt vinegar, and yes, it can. I loved the garlic sauce-- thick and flavorful. Also tried the beer cheese dip made with PBR, served warm, which was good. You could really taste the beer!My friend and I thought picking up an order of frites would be a good side to our lunch, but really they could be a meal in themselves.The atmosphere is nice and clean. The tables have holes for you to set your paper frite cone in, which is awesome. And they're working on implementing an automated ordering system which is pretty cool.We met the owner (and her mom) and they were both so very nice! I am excited to go back soon!
5	I must have eaten half a ton of fries in my day, but these were the best by a longshot. It's not even close. Just try them. You will not regret it.
5	Best fries I've had in a while!! What a wonderful concept. The sauces were flavorful, the fries were big and crunchy on the outside, soft on the inside, and the service was great. I will definitely be back! (Just asking for more open hours!!!)
5	So delicious! The frites were thick cut, crispy on the outside, soft on the inside and piping HOT! The saracha sauce was amazing! They need to bottle that so that I can put it on everything! It is mild but flavorful, not overly spicy. We also tried the garlic lime sauce. It was thick with a mild garlic flavor and the bright touch of lime. Also good, but that saracha sauce... OH MY!  This was my first time trying poutine, so I don't have anything to compare but it was spectacular. Rich gravy and soft cheese curds. It was salty so I can't wait for them to have some beer to pair it with. Service was quick and they came to check on us twice. Exceptional service, food, and attention to detail. In fact, I think one of my favorite parts, besides the food, were the holes cut into the tables so that you can place your cone of frites upright. I'll be back!
4	Cool concept. The fries and the sauces are delicious--my friends and I got a bunch of different ones... the garlic/rosemary and the madcity sauce were my favs. But be forewarned... this is literally just fries and sauces to dip them in. Nothing fancy.
5	Such a great place! The fries are amazing and the staff is very friendly. The inside of the restaurant is super cute and soon they will have self ordering iPad stations. I loved the sriracha lime sauce the best! These were the best fries I have had in a long time.
5	Oooooh yes, this is one of the good ones. IMO, the State Street area has always been kind of lacking in non-food cart, non-sit down/dine in snack places. There are some, and it's expanding, but not much else as you move toward the Square.Enter Mad City Frites. As others have said, they only do one thing - but they do it well. If you're looking for hot, perfectly textured fries with delicious dipping sauce or some good poutine, get here. Plus, cool design stuff: the tables have little holes in them for the fry cones!
