5	For most, getting a tattoo is part of telling your life story, and that was true for me. For years I desired the perfect tattoo, but could never decide on the design and I was never convinced that I would cherish it, well forever, until recently. First, I decided the symbol - a dragon. After several searches, I thought I had found a simple design, with a few modifications and personalization that would finally tell part of my story. The next challenge was finding an artist. A close friend had met an artist -Lucky.  My friend told me months ago that Lucky was an artist and he had seen some of his work. From his own personal experience, he said you want to go to the artist because the quality, interpretation and artistic rendering are, well just better, otherwise, you take a risk unless you are getting something very common. Obviously, I trust my friend's judgment and his own experience regarding this subject, and on a whim last week took my picture over to Ritual Addictions and to see Lucky. Lucky looked at the piece, looked at me and said, 'how much do you really like this?' I said 'I like it, but I want some modifications.' He said, 'well, why don't you leave this hear for a few days and I will expand the wings, and draw you a design, similar but unique. If you don't like, we can do this one.' I thought - wow - that would be great, I liked where he was going with the design and I was really excited. So I returned a week later and he had sketched out the design, which was good, really good, and exactly what we talked about. We briefly talked about colors choices and from there he went to work. The interpretation was fantastic, the color choices were perfect and I absolutely LOVE it. Besides the design, he explained what to expect, all the instructions for care, you know, the things a 'novice' would need to know.  When we were talking, he said he prefers to draw the design so that it fits the client. Some people are impatient and go to another studio...and frankly, he ends up fixing some of those...but others end up coming back for more. I can see why.  Lucky completely guaranteed the work and will look at it in a couple of weeks to see how the colors are holding up and any touch-up required.  The studio is clean and inviting - all the people are friendly - and I looked through the other work, which also had some fantastic, custom pieces. Some say that your first tattoo experience will determine if it will be the only tattoo, or one of many - I will say this will not be the only one he will do for me!
4	My friends and I have been shopping around for a new tattoo shop after having a bad experience at one in particular. We went in for consults at Ritual Addictions and wer welcomed and felt listened to. We'll be heading down there in the coming months for new ink for sure! The shop looked very clean and there was a good varity of artists to choose from.
5	It is a bit too far but completely worth the drive. Haley is incredible with color and is really light handed! She is really serious about her profession and always has a blast!
5	Awesome place! I made an appointment with Johnny (who I think was an apprentice, not positive though,) and he drew up exactly what I wanted. I brought in a picture and he changed it a little and made it even better. He wasn't very talkative, but I didn't mind so much. It was the first feather he'd ever done and it came out better than expected! It was really inexpensive and It was better than any other tattoo I have. I also got my nose pierced by Rachael-the owner, and she was quick and sanitized. It was also on Friday the 13th so it was only $13! She also gave me a discount on clear nose studs because I needed them for work. My boyfriend got his arm done by Haley, and he says its his favorite tattoo! Overall best tattoo/piercing shop I have ever been to. They treat you with care and respect, and the shop is spotless. I would go back if I hadn't moved to Cali!
