5	I'm an out of state student and frequently use the Willard airport to travel between campus and home, and I use R & H cab to get me to and from the airport. As a freshman I kind of just took any cab that was there at the airport, but after my first trip with R & H I have switched to only using them. He is prompt picking me up from my apartment (sends a text to let me know hes there) and as for pick up from the airport, he always beats the plane. Its good knowing when I land that my ride is there waiting for me! He is very courteous and I enjoy talking with him during the rides. Great taxi service, I highly recommend it!
5	I don't usually take taxis very often, but I recently need to take an early morning flight, so I looked up a couple reviews online and decided to give R&H Cab a try.Let's just keep it simple and say that I will always choose R&H Cab anytime in the future when I need a taxi... in fact, I created a yelp account just to write this review...
5	I was visiting my parents here in town, and got a ride from this guy from my parents' house to the Illini Terminal. I found him on yelp, where I chose him semi-randomly after the first cab I'd picked said he needed a text message with my address (which he'd already verbally confirmed), and I didn't have a text-messaging phone.  I didn't ask R&H's rates until he'd dropped me off, but it was 2$ less than the other cab had quoted to me over the phone, so that was a pleasant surprise. R&H (I can't remember his name, or what to call him) is super prompt (even at 5:15 am!) and easily reachable by phone to reassure family that he'd be on time :).There were a couple of inches of snow on the road (the reason I needed a cab in the first place) and he was an excellent and careful driver.Finally, he's just really nice. My cell phone was broken, and my parents called him after he'd dropped me off, in order to reach me, and he came back in to tell me.I know this kind of kindness is maybe more common in a town like C-U, but I still really appreciated this guy. I haven't written a yelp review in a while, but here I was moved to! If I find myself taking a cab again in Urbana, then this is without question my go-to guy.
5	Awesome service..... had a wedding and the driver picked us up after and dropped us off at the bar and picked us up after! AWESOME service!!
5	Great serice.  We had 6 people going 30 miles from urbana and back. R&H gave the best rate by far.  The owner, Fuad, was on-time and very friendly.  He dropped us off at a bar at midnight. My friend left his phone in his cab and Fuad was back in minutes to drop it off. He then picked us up at 2am and took us back to our hotel. Can't say enough about how great the service was. Thanks Fuad!
5	Great reliable, prompt, courteous service.  Steve and Christine do a wonderful job and they beat the competition hands down.
