5	Environmentally Friendly Dry Cleaning, Wet Cleaning, Auto Rewards, On-Site Tailor, 24 Hour Drop Box, Open Sundays, Leather Cleaning and Repair. I love that I can walk, bike, or shoot over here quickly from my place. It is conveniently located between Williamsfield and Pecos near sprouts and other shopping stores. When I need a suit dry-cleaned for work, or I just have a special item to bring in I show up and it is done the same day, or early the next day. I have even been given discounts and have always been greeted kindly by the employees. I can tell this spot is new, but so far I am impressed and I hope that they continue to thrive and gain more business.
4	**I had a hard time figuring out exactly where it was, so I'll say this: it's out front of the Sprouts in this center. Essentially right out the front door of Sprouts, across the parking lot**I love this place. Environmentally friendly with a 24-hour drop box. Nice people, good service. My clothes always look great and I am treated well as a customer.The ONLY reason I can't give it 5 stars is that they say "In by 9, out by 5", but I have only experienced that once. Most of the time, they ask "is [2 days from now] okay?" They seem to be behind quite a bit - which means they're getting good business. Perhaps they need to change the expectations they set with customers.So, since I love this place, I just plan ahead a little more, and I'm more than happy with everything else.
1	Awful first impression..not going back to give them another chance. I turned in three alteration items and only two were done when I went to pick them up. One was sewing button on pants...they forgot. Other was tightening buttons on suit jacket which they said they don't do yet they charged me for it anyways. Manager was rude. I had to wait while they sewed the button on the pants. I told the manager I had my baby and dog waiting in the running car outside (it was 116 degrees that day) and he was very sarcastic and told me to wait in the car with my baby and dog and he would bring my pants out when they were done. Not a good way to make a first impression...and an even worse way to deal with a very unhappy customer. If you need dry cleaning you are better off going to to the discount place down the street at Val Vista and Ray by the water and ice (save yourself the money) and I'll find another place for alterations (hopefully a mom-and-pop place I can support). Lapels looks nice and clean so I figured they would be professional ...boy was I wrong.
4	I just moved near this Lapels, and they have not lacked in service or quality. Always quick and easy. I have been going to a Lapels since I moved to the Valley, and I have always had great service, and they get the job done. I wish that their reward system was set up a little better. In tucson you got points for every dollar spent, not only when you spend $15 or more. That makes more sense. I can not always bring in large loads.
2	Possibly loosing my business. They charged me way too much to clean shorts, just cents less than cleaning pants. Then they charged me extra because 2 shirts had to be hand pressed....why not call me and ask me? The boys upfront were clueless, and one handed me a price list and walked away, which I found insulting. I don't mind paying for services, I've been with Lapels for a while now. Just kind of ridiculous to have a $40 dry clean bill for probably $25 worth of clothes. Will be looking around.
5	Where do I begin?  For starters, this cleaners is open on Sundays which is a RARE feat in the Valley.  Secondly, their hours are conducive for most people to drop off and pick up their orders.  As for the quality, they have done a splendid job with cleaning some of the more difficult items in my wardrobe such as my linen shirt and pants. I have had them turn stuff back to me same day with the same level of quality I have come to expect.  Rest assured, I have some more "challenges" for them to try.
5	Really appreciate when owners care about their customers. This owner does. Still a little expensive, in my opinion. Yet, they corrected the problem I was having.
5	They were able to help me in an emergency situation on a late Saturday morning by dry cleaning a dress I needed by that evening. Excellent service and friendly staff.  I will take all my dry cleaning needs to them in the future.
1	Stay away from this dry cleaners in Chandler. They tell you one price and when you come to pick it up the price has gone up. Will not go back to this dishonest business again.
