5	Good Times is an awesome service if you want to do VEGAS with STYLE. They set everything up for you and are available 24/7 if anything snags...which in my experience hasn't happened yet! They are totally worth the money! I've done it on my own and you end paying more trying to tip off the bouncer/pay cover, etc. and not only that but then you have to wait in line. LAME. But with Good Times it was so easy and no hassle. And if you don't know what to do in vegas they have tons of ideas! I wasn't sure which club to go to, but good times let me know which clubs played which music (my girls and I love hiphop/top40) and which clubs were HOTT!!! I ended up LOVING!!!! the club they recommended (Gallery at Planet Hollywood)Thanks Good Times!! you're the best!!!!!
5	VEGAS IS NOT VEGAS WITHOUT GOODTIMES VIP!!!!!! My Girlfriends and I went to for a Birthday weekend, and thanks to GoodTimes, we had the BEST TIME EVER!!!! They set us up for the ENTIRE Weekend :]] It was great to feel like a real VIP just going right up to the front of the line and walking right in with NO Covers! The BEST Part was just walking past the looong line of people. it was crazy to see people still in line when we got out! With GoodTimes we had an full itinerary and we were able to SEE Vegas with all the extra time & money$$$ we actually SAVED!!! Not only will I refer GoodTimes but I will NEVER Go to Vegas withOUT their Amazing VIP Service!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	Great service. I've done vegas with them and without them and wont go without their help again. Everything is smooth, never had to wait more than 2 mins in line when everyone else was waiting 2 plus hours. They are the best choice to go with in Vegas and for the price you get more than other companies that charge twice the amount. Go with Good Times if you're going to Vegas it's well worth it.
5	To consider any type of Vegas/club business, one must first consider the beast that is Vegas. In Vegas, there are so many variables that come into play. In promoting, there are also many variables that come into play. When these two worlds conjoin, the possibilities of off-chance changes, last minute wheeling and dealing, and sneaky hand to hand money exchanges. Make no mistake about it, this business of promoting in Vegas isn't an easy one. With all that being said, it pleasures me to both promote and applaud the services of Good TImes VIP. This is not a ploy and this is not an attempt to be in their good favor. As a patron of a good time, I have expectations and the time I have used Good Times, it has worked in spades. They are a phone call away, the drivers, bouncers and people in connection with the company are not rude, they are not coy. What I want is expedient service, quick replies and no trouble. If there is trouble (Keep in mind, it is Vegas, and the job of the people in front of a club is to get you to pay), I want to be able to fix it immediately. With one text message, I was in a club like royalty. Please don't read this as a list of possible negative outcomes, but instead look at it as all that I avoided by using Good Times and their continued efforts to make you feel like a rockstar.
5	I went through Good Times to book my buddy's bachelor party.  These guys are great.  They took care of everything and all we had to do was show up.  Didn't even have to wait in line.  That weekend was one of the most fun weekends of my life.  My friend definitely had a good last night!!  Thanks for making it so easy.  I'll definitely use them again next time I go out there which should be soon.
5	Was the best man for my buddy's wedding, which means I was responsible for planning the bachelor's party.  Not a lot of fun when you have a full schedule as it is.  Good Times VIP was awesome!  They planned everything and lifted a huge weight off my shoulder.  What's better is that we rolled through Vegas like VIP (limo service, no waiting in lines) without selling off my first born child.  Bachelor's party or not, these guys really make you feel like you own Vegas.  I highly recommend using Good Times VIP!
5	Whenever you are planning a trip to Vegas, you owe it to yourself to use the services of Good Times VIP.  Great relationships with all the hot spots in Vegas gets you treated to a true VIP experience. Awesome concept, perfectly executed!
5	The name says it all - they ensured me good times and me and my girls were treated like VIPs.Good Times VIP got us in to great spots, we didn't have to wait on a single line, they had great recommendations. Two of my favorites were Marquee and Wet Republic - will certainly always remember that weekend.Thank you, Good Times VIP!
5	I came out from NYC to LA for work, ended up with some extra time and decided to roll the dice and spend a night out with some coworkers. A risky proposition. On a tip from a friend, I decided to contact the crew from GTVIP to set me up, i talked to Matt and ended up feeling pretty good about the night ahead, despite not knowing the people I would be going out with outside of the office.Needless to say, we had a blast. We cut though lines like a breeze and ended up running all around town in a near frantic fun pace. It was funny to watch my coworkers let loose and become people, something I did not know was possible.My only complaint was the night was too short. LA bars close early by NYC standards, and I was annoyed to have to cut things off when we did, but it turned out to be for the best, as we had to get to work the next day, and everyone looked pretty beat as it was!I would recommend these folks to anyone who is looking to be shown around a bit, by great people, in a town I was shocked how much i liked.
5	There's no better way to do Vegas than Good Times VIP. My experience before was waiting in lines, paying outrageous cover fees, and being required to meet a girl/guy ratio. Matt hooked us up with a great deal and I've even used his service in L.A. which is just as equally good.
5	I cannot say enough good things about the services provided by Good Times VIP.  When was the last time you could say that a company REALLY cared about the customer?  For my fiance's bachelorette party in Vegas, I was looking to arrange a limo that would pick her and 10 friends up at McCarran airport.  I tried calling a number of different companies and was never quite pleased with the service.  When a friend referred me to Good Times, everything was taken care of. How do you define, "Take care of"???....where do I start?Let's see...the limo that picked them up was called, "The Mammoth".  Evidently it's the same one Shaq uses when he comes to town.  Not only did Good Times arrange for pick up at the airport, they also suggested the limo be used to take the ladies to the club on Sunday night.  And if that wasn't enough...Good Times got ON THE PHONE with the maid of honor to discuss their plans for Saturday night.  They ended up getting hooked up at Hyde and had bottle service all night and were never kicked off their table.I thought quality service was a thing of the past.  But as it turns out...it is just a matter of finding the right company who really cares about their clients.  I don't write a lot of reviews on here...but when I get great service...I want others to know about it.I would recommend Good Times VIP in a heartbeat.  What a great service.  Thank you so much...I can't wait to work together again (but not for a bachelorette party!).
5	Good Times VIP? The name doesn't do it justice. Try f&^king awesome times VIP.Seriously these peeps know what they're doing. We had a birthday party with just the girls and got the star treatment...personalized walk-ins, a table at Chateau, dinner at Sushi Roku, and a suite at the Encore, and all for amazing discounted rates. And the personalized host was FANtastic. Seriously felt like we were living the high life...and we were! Would highly recommend this to anyone who wants to feel like a superstar for a night...or a week...or a month.
5	Good Times VIP was awesome. We had a trip to Vegas planned for my friends bachelor party and used their services. Everything was as explained to us, I really felt like a VIP. Getting into XS, and encore beach club no problem, when they were slammed. We walked right in. Granted we were spending some dough that weekend, it was still nice to have everything a phone call away, and planned out. I recommend Good Times VIP Vegas to anyone who is trying to visit Vegas with a  group.
5	Good Times VIP is a premier service for both professionals and those seeking to have some fun in places like Las Vegas. Dealing with Good Times VIP was easy and their attention to detail is amazing! When my friends and I go to Las Vegas we spend half our time deciding what to do, how to get there and then waiting on lines forever. I gave Good Times VIP a chance and we had some great nights planned out in advance, bypassed all the long lines to the hottest places and got 5 star treatment! Good value! Exceptional service! VERY highly recommended! Would use again without question! Thank you Good Times VIP!!!
5	Good Times VIP hooks it up when you go to VEGAS! I went for a bachelor party for one of my friends and Good Times make going out super easy. You pay everything up from so you dont have to worry about carrying enough cash or splitting the bills. We went to XS, Gallery, and Chateau and they provided all the transportation (which was cheaper since they bundled everything together). They set up a dinner at STK, which was even better than the one they have in LA. You have to be careful with services not as good as this one because a lot of Vegas planning companies mess things up and it just ruins your weekend and wastes your money. We set everything up with their client services who gave us the itinerary and confirmation for everything and we didnt have to do much else after that. DONT THINK ABOUT IT...ROLL WITH GOOD TIMES VIP!
5	The guys really went out of their way to show me and my buddies a great time. Made ruling Vegas no problem at all. Definitely doing business again.
5	Used Good Times VIP for a friends bachelor party in March.Besides being very helpful, as I called back 20 times with new questions;these guys really do have all of the contacts they say they do.We were given a full itinerary that covered our entire trip. Each destination wehad a personalized host that made sure we were accommodated.I had been to Las Vegas before with a group of guys,generally the hosts had viewed us as dollar signs, trying to coerce us to buy bottles and a table for the maximum cost.But Good Times' hosts were very sincere and helpfulIt was really refreshing to see. Even though we went to twoof the most popular venues in Vegas on this trip,STK @ The Cosmopolitan for Dinner then...Hyde @ The Bellagio and XS @ The Encore.Keep up the good work, gentlemenwe will certainly use you guys again!
5	My best girl friend had her bachelorette party in Vegas and I was sooooo scared at first because I absolutely hate Vegas and all it stands for. I hate clubs, lines, sleazy guys, over-priced bottles, having to dress like a slut to enjoy said over-priced bottles, etc etc. Well, her fiance had heard about Good Times VIP from a friend and they put us in contact with the owner, who literally bent over backwards to make sure we had the best time ever. We skipped every line, had rides to every event, and we truly felt like princesses the whole time. My view of Vegas has completely changed and I would recommend GTVIP to anyone who heads over there.
5	Good Times VIP hooks it up! You never have to worry about anything when it comes to having a great time in Vegas. Very friendly and helpful service and definitely recommend service to anyone every time you visit Vegas! They always know the best spots and parties!!
5	Good Times VIP hooked it up for my Bachelorette party in Vegas. They got us in to all the HOTTEST spots and made us feel like VIP'S in ALLLLLL of them. No lines, No hassels, and the hosts at all the clubs are ready to treat you with style and class. Just how my girls and I roll. Good Times VIP is definately the way to go when you need an awesome hook up. I wouldn't and couldn't use any other place for my VIP needs. :D We definately felt VERY special and had an awesome weekend and soooooo many great memories.
5	Excellent service and a robust amount of connections in Las Vegas made my honeymoon a story to tell for years to come. Great connections to everything Las Vegas , highly recommend and will use in the future!
5	I can't believe I even thought about going to Vegas without the help of Good Times! I spoke with Matt directly and he was incredibly helpful. It was for my 21st birthday, (with 7 other girls!!) so naturally I had a lot of questions for my first big Vegas trip. They went above and beyond with the details and planning of my trip. I will definitely use them again.
5	When I needed help finding awesome stuff to do in Vegas, Good Times VIP really hooked it up for me. Excellent service, helpful, and friendly. I will definitely use them again.
