5	Great staff, very friendly and quick service. The food was delicious. You can't go wrong with their Mongolian steak.
5	This looked like the best food option in terminal 4. I'm glad I chose it. I am a vegetarian and the cashier girl was very friendly and helpful and gave me great options not listed on the menu. The food was cooked to order (you can see them so you know it's fresh). It tastes great and the food was brought out to me at the table. Great service and great food and at a great affordable price.
4	Great place to grab a good breakfast boritto when stuck on a layover. The rice they add to the standard bacon and eggs makes for a mild asian flavor. This stand is owned by pfchangs. The food quality isn't the same but its a notch above the standard fare. Give it a try.
1	Had the breakfast wrap. It had so much oil in it. I mean tons of oil dripping everywhere. I always thought of pei Wei as the healthier option, not anymore.
4	I love Pei Wei's menu, and I really love the actual restaurants. This small one in Sky Harbor is nice to have around when passing through Phoenix, even though it has the normal limited menu and options airports restaurants have.The service is about what you come to expect from airport restaurant staff, not terrible but not great either. I always get a sense of contempt from restaurant staff in airports, but I can't say I blame them.The food quality is what I've come to expect from Pei Wei. Fresh veggies, good quality meats, and every sauce in every dish is always pretty good.  It was fresh food for sure. Maybe a bit smaller portion because again it's an airport restaurant.  I was in the midst of an 18 hour/ 2 layover travel day. So having this meal was definitely an upside to a rough day.If you're in sky harbor and are looking for some good Asian food, give Pei Wei a try.
3	I, like most folks, like Pet Wei. But wise man say, Airport Pet Wei not as good as Street side People Wei. Or something like that. The translation gets lost on my Anglo Saxon tongue. Had the 'Chicken Sausage, Bacon, Fried Rice with Hash Browns'  And yes, it is as funky tasting as it sounds. But maybe they would do better with 'Stir Fried Oatmeal' or make a 'Breakfast Dumpling? Anyways, not a good breakfast choice.
4	This place was slammed on a late night at the PHX airport, and my flight was boarding soon, but I love bento so thought I'd take a chance. I'm glad I did. I ordered the Carmel chicken with brown rice. The wait was less than 10 minutes (great considering the crowds) and the food was good. Not too greasy, hot, and fresh. If you like Asian style food, I recommend this place for airport fare.
5	So good! Food is so hot and totally worth it. Made to order and I choose this place over a Panda Express or some other sh* Americanized Asian food place.The food is fusion between japanese, Thai and Chinese. But it's worth it and this location shuts it down on all it's surrounding food locations.Try it. Very cheap and very hot food served to your table
4	A fairly decent Asian style restaurant at the airport.  Slightly less expensive than the nearby options in the A20 concourse area.  We had a couple of items and they were tasty.  The egg rolls, while delicious, were swimming in grease.  One note of caution, they aren't the fastest place, so if you have a tight connection and there's a line, it may be tight.  Otherwise, give this place a try.  definitely better than the pizza place next door.
