5	Great instructors and staff.
5	Before I begin, allow me to inform the reader that I never felt a need to create my own  Yelp account until after my experience with this school.Before class had started, I was told that this school is the best in Vegas for taking your pre-licensing courses. I must say that that sentiment falls way short of my experience.I met some of the nicest, and most helpful people I have ever met since I've lived in this town. People who really love what they do, and that's something I was sorely missing from my last career.Admittedly, the sheer amount of information that will be covered in such a short amount of time would have any newbie to the world of insurance feeling like they've been hit by a freight train. But their commitment to your success, along with the top notch maintenance, and care to their facilities without a doubt is the reason for their 90% success rate.This school will be my only choice for continuing education, and I would highly recommend this school to anyone looking to attend pre-licensing courses.If you let your skepticism get the best of you then it really is your loss. No pun intended.
5	Lisa McCombs is an absolute mastermind in the field of insurance. With over two decades of experience, she was able to provide us with the necessary information that would make us successful in passing the state examination. The tests are not easy by any means, but she does an absolute fantastic job in alleviating the difficulty a normal person would have in understanding the concepts. One of her most admirable teaching methods is that she highlights the specific material that you will be tested on. She knows what she's talking about so pay attention in class. Feel free to make mistakes as she will be prepared to correct them and elaborate that to help you understand why the answer is correct as it is. Keep in mind that you also are responsible for studying the material as much as possible. I have not taken the condensed 4 day or 2 day courses here due to the overwhelming amount of information. Instead, I opted to take the 5 day 40 hour course because it is quite a lot of information needed.Because of her, I am licensed in the fields of Property, Casualty, Life, & Health.
