5	I was impressed with the unagi and the servers and chefs were very friendly. Will be coming back often.
5	Downtown really needed a sushi place! My friend and I walked by and decided to try it and we were pleasantly surprised. The staff is so genuine and attentive, the sushi was amazing, and the atmosphere is very relaxing. I'm so excited to keep coming back!
5	Truly rewarding sushi experience. the Poke is fresh and spicy, Mexican roll is awesome for spice lovers and sashimi is perfectly prepared made to order. The staff is what puts this place over the top. Karaoke lounges also....what are you waiting for? 5 stars across the board as I am going back to Bocho very soon!
2	We were so glad to see a sushi restaurant in downtown Las Vegas. The atmosphere was very pleasing. However, the service did not match. It took us about 15 minutes to receive our first dish (a few pieces of nigiri sushi). After receiving many dishes, such as the yellowtail yuzu ceviche and screaming orgasm, we thought to ourselves "what was our favorite dish?" and we couldn't think of it. This place has potential, but the server did not know much about the product she was selling. This place needs some help if it is going to survive. Le Thai will definitely be funding this to stay open for the next year (since it apparently is the same owners).
5	Bocho is proof that great restaurants exist outside of the strip! Looking for amazing food and want to get away from all the craziness on the strip? You've found your restaurant! Want your traditional sushi bar experience? Take a seat on one of the stools downstairs. Want something more intimate? There's tables upstairs with a bartender on duty!This gem is a great combination of everything you could look for in a restaurant. Great service, amazing food&drinks, and the best atmosphere (totally hipster). The sushi and appetizers are on point (we're from LA, a land of great sushi restaurants, and we give this place two thumbs up!) My girlfriends and I came here for one of my bachelorette party dinners, and we had an awesome time. Alex, the manager and his staff were attentive and the food came out in a timely manner.We'll definitely be coming back and I would recommend this place to everyone and anyone!
5	Welcome back Jimmy & Becky!!!All restaurants have tough service when they first open so never fair to review based on this until at least a month in business...just my opinion. We sat at the sushi bar downstairs and it's just plain SIMPLE, Jimmy hasn't lost a step. Excellent sushi, terrific vibe and my wife and I are glad to have our Sunday afternoon sushi place back in business in a cool new location. All my Sushi $$$ coming ur way. Cheers and good luck...
4	The latest gem to grace Downtown is located at 6th & Carson. Bocho Sushi was born from an idea sparked by Dan Coughlin (Le Thai), backed by DTP and saw to fruition by Jimmy & Becky Chun (recently shuttered Tokyo Japanese Restaurant). The Chun's are at the helm, they are no strangers to day-to-day operations after running their restaurant in Commercial Center for decades. At two weeks new, Bocho Sushi has already reached hotspot status by serving up some delicious eats in a cozy setting. Our friends invited us to dinner, upon our arrival, every seat in the house was taken. Downstairs you'll find the sushi bar with counter seating, and upstairs there is intimate seating and large bar. The space has an industrial feel, but I love when old buildings are spruced up and repurposed. The changes to the old Carson hotel have been top notch. This block was once forgotten, but now? It's alive and well. The menu will meet all of your sushi and sashimi loving needs. Plus, there is an omakase offering for those seeking an adventurous experience. Sake, beer and cocktails are free flowing. They have not yet begun serving wine, however. We started with orders of Edamame ($3.50) and the Jalapeno Bomb ($5.95). The bomb was "bomb" (har), seriously, though, it was delicious. It is hard to go wrong with deep fried jalapeno with spicy tuna and cream cheese. Unfortunately, the Edamame was late to show. It served as dessert. A smorgasbord of rolls and sashimi followed: Yellowtail Lover ($9.95), Tiger Roll ($11.95), China Roll ($11.95), Spider Crab Roll ($12.95), Yellowtail Yuzu Ceviche ($11.99), Salmon Sashimi ($6.25). The were all well executed. The fish was delicately sliced and extremely fresh. My personal favorites were the Yellowtail Yuzu Ceviche with serranos and spicy garlic ponzu, and the China Roll with shrimp tempura and spicy tuna. Both selections were bursting with flavor. The staff was warm and friendly and our servers were patient & attentive, the only flaw seems to be with timing. I'm confident that they will get that resolved in time. It always takes a new restaurant a bit to find their rhythm. Bocho is currently open for dinner, but lunch service is scheduled to begin next week.
3	Ok, so I'm going to try this place again....they just opened so I think they are working a lot of the kinks out. We sat at the sushi bar, and waited 30 minutes for 3 slices of salmon sashimi, and got 2 pieces of salmon sushi instead :/ which I ate, and then ordered salmon sashimi asian, which came another 15 minutes later haha....the china roll was good. It kept taking 15-20 minutes to get more beer, which we had to keep ordering from different people....which resulted in us getting charged for a couple more beers then we ordered and consumed :( that I gladly paid because I was just in a hurry at that point, and the server didn't understand what we were trying to communicate. Anyways I'll go back in a couple weeks and try again! The food was good and it had great ambience. Just need to get organized and work on guest service a little bit
4	We stopped in unexpectedly. And we're glad we did. Immediately upon entry we were greeted by all the guys on the sushi line and all the guests at the bar. It felt like Cheers only we had never been here before. :)So we sat down and started with standards like edamame, shishito peppers, spicy tuna and a Philadelphia roll. Everything was great and we were happy to see a great sushi place now available downtown. When we thought we were done some gifts from the kitchen came out like grilled king oyster mushrooms and tuna tostada. A great way to finish our meal and a nice way to make us feel special on our first visit. Heads up. Jimmy the chef likes to drink. Buy him one and you find you are the recipient of some gifts from the kitchen too. Coming back and sending people their way.
4	Great new addition to the downtown restaurant scene. We had a number of rolls and they were all very good. Service exceeded my expectations for a new restaurant on a busy night. The only need for improvement would be to speed up the time to takes for you to receive your food. Some of our rolls took 25 minutes.
5	I took several of our agents and staff here for lunch. We were all stunned at the beautiful presentation. I wish I'd taken a photo - we were all surprised and delighted when our large order came presented in a bowl (except for the rolls). Everything was very fresh, and each dish was perfect. We all loved the Bocho Roll and the Spider Roll, as well as the Super White and the Unagi. I can't wait until my next visit; I'm taking a group of 10 on the 4th.
4	If you're a sushi lover - This a is a refreshing new place you may want to visit while in the new revitalized community of downtown Fremont east.We had made a reservation prior which I would strongly recommend if your planning a gathering of 4 or more.As you walk in, the staff immediately welcomes you in Japanese and you get a sense of warmth with all the smiles from the chefs and staff.My group were led upstairs to a very Art Deco asian inspired loft with a bar and the first thing I noticed was the place setting giving the atmosphere a polished dining experience.The wait staff were friendly and efficient, shout out to Taylor, our waiter, he did a wonderful job of anticipating our needs.After drinks and starters, our meal arrived in a timely manner, there were some unexpected downfalls, not from the waiter but from the arrival of some of the dishes.The beef Gyoza arrived but they seemed to be a little cold, one person in my party had some bones in her salmon, but we were more concerned for other patrons that we let him know so no one else would encounter what one of my dining members encountered.A slight mix up of yellow tail sushi - but quickly recovered, we still, overall enjoyed ourselves.The prices are typical of what you would expect of a sushi place and the presentation of all the food we ordered, was visually appealing and tasty.I discovered they have a couple of private rooms that could host a nice group guests for a more seclusive and intimate experience. I also learned that there will Karaoke available for those rooms for a little entertainment.The background music was fun and enjoyable and wasn't intolerable.This is definitely a nice place to enjoy great Japanese cuisine before hitting the rest of downtown Fremont, I would suggest that if you love sushi, definitely hit this place up.At the bar, you can sit if you're flying solo or if your a couple.The experience overall is comforting and enjoyable, besides the couple of minor incidences, I think the rating I gave is fair.I will definitely recommend rhis place to others.:)
4	So excited to have a sushi spot downtown and it's so yummy!  Bocho special roll was so tasty, definitely a favorite.  The sauce is a garlic ponzu and it's a good size. One will fill you up for lunch.  We also did a lunch box which was pretty good. The pickled cucumber was a good touch as well as the seasoning on the rice.The service was great, everyone super friendly.  Will definitely be coming back and taking friends and family.  They don't have dessert yet so excited to see what they come up with!
5	In a sea of mediocre sushi restaurants this place definitely is the great white whale as far as the quality of fish is concerned. If you're into yum yum sauce or cream cheese look elsewhere because I don't want you at my restaurant.
5	Possibly the best sushi in vegas. Checked this place out for an early dinner with my big brother. Seating is really cool, tables and full bar upstairs with a sushi bar downstairs. We sat upstairs at a regular table. We ordered three rolls including the Las Vegas roll and spicy tuna. All of which were huge and so very delicious. The wait staff was a bunch of very friendly and laid back (and actually totally cute) boys. They were attentive and totally on the ball the whole time. I will DEFINITELY be back!
5	Seconds, anyone? Just had dinner with a group of friends here last night, and everyone was happy with the service and the food. Again, everything was so fresh. I have to go back and sit at the sushi bar next time!
5	Excellent sushi. Great service and beverage selection. Staff are very friendly and knowledgeable.  I've been here twice and will continue to go, plus they just increased their hours and added a great happy hour.
5	Exceptionally fresh, high quality sushi with an inviting yet edgy atmosphere. This is a fantastic place.  Best new sushi bar & bar in Vegas.  Yellowtail Ceviche & the Jalapeno Bomb are two unique and incredibly tasty items.  Tried Banzai Bunny Blueberry Sake because of the picture and let's just say... worth the cab fare!  The staff was efficient and friendly, the bartender is my new best friend (as I recall, Lol!)  They've got an separate upstairs bar for cocktail hour and I'm told they're opening Karaoke rooms next week!  In a word... Fabulous!  I would highly recommend it!!!
5	I enjoyed going to Tokyo, and was heartbroken when they closed in commercial center. Luckily they reopened downtown! The food is still as delicious as ever, I love the decor, and the vibe here. Definitely not disappointed with this place. Service was good, our server was very attentive and made great suggestions. So glad that there's a great sushi spot downtown!
5	Best sushi I've ever had! Yes! I mean it! I told several people this and they were like, "In Vegas?!" Yes! In Vegas! With a spontaneous date night in Vegas underway, we scurried out of the cold and into Bocho and so happy we did! It's located in the coolest part of Vegas, in my opinion, in Fremont East. Awesome graffiti! Perfect venue! We were greeted by several friendly faces and a beautiful sushi bar! The waiter's, hostess and sushi chefs cheer was so magnetic. It made us instantly more happy! There's such a great trendy feel about the place. There's fantastic and colorful art on the walls. And two levels! Lower level is where the sushi bar is located and upstairs is where the dining room and bar is hiding.My husband and myself tried four different kinds of sushi. One better than the next! I loved both of mine! The traditional Spicy Tuna and (a random grab located in the appetizers) the Jalapeno Bomb! The Bomb is a seeded jalapeno stuffed with tuna, deep fried and topped with two different sauces. Savory, slightly spicy and I am still having dreams about it!!!! Their sushi selection is fantastic. The fish is so delicious and fresh! Man! Take me back please!!
4	My new favorite sushi spot! This place is so cute! I love the inside and the staff is very friendly. It has two stories. The bottom floor is a long sushi bar with several chairs. I did not see the upstairs but there is additional seating. The chairs at the bar are awkward and really squeaky. It was odd and a little embarrassing trying to get in and out of them because they were so noisy.  The food was absolutely worth the weird chairs. We ordered several items including the garlic tuna and three rolls. Everything we tried was fresh and delicious. The service was friendly and the sushi chefs were a great time.The restaurant is on the southwest corner of 6th and Carson. The signage is minimal so it's easy to miss it. I can not wait to return.
4	Good sushi!! The place is located on a very quiet, kindda ghetto part of Fremont but the sushi is excellent.
4	I forgot what he happy hour deal was but it was pretty good deal. I was in a hurry for a quick bite. I ordered the yellowtail lover and dang was it good. I thoroughly enjoyed it. Service was great too. I wanna go back during happy hour with more peeps so we can just gorge on a meal.
