4	I think their food is good. A-typical safe, family friendly seafood.But I do question a seafood place hundreds of miles from an ocean. Just how fresh can that refrigerated fish be?
5	We went there last night after the line at the new Fudd Rucker's was out into the parking lot.  LOL!As usual, the food was fabulous, our server Matthew was a card and on top of everything.  All in all, a great dining experience!
2	Service was decent - our waitress was friendly enough & fast. Every now and then, the wait staff will come together and do the Macarena.  It's somewhat entertaining for the first 2 minutes, but gets a bit annoying beyond that.Can't say much for the food.  Not too filling and not that tasty.  I guess you really can't expect too much from a seafood restaurant chain.
1	I never really liked this place. Every time I dined here I always had a bad meal. Not worth the money. The seafood dishes are bad and the meat dishes are even worse. I think Red Lobster is better, not by much. Save your money and do not even come here.
2	I have to give credit to our server for trying his best to make sure everything went smoothly but stuff beyond his control just kept backfiring.  My wife orders the 3 crab sampler.  They only give her king crab and then the manager wants to do a whole reorder on the damn thing and take her king crab away?!?!?  It took 30 min to come out and then they want her to wait another 30 cuz they screwed up?  F-that.  They just give us a another order leaving us w/ waaay too much crab which is fine w/ us.  They forget the sausage in my steam plate..not that it was that big a deal but whatever.  No lobster/crab cracking utensil in the entire place.  Whaa?????Some douchebag at the next table in front of all his friends asks our waiter "Do they still make you dance?" in such a belittling way..I really felt bad for our waiter.  But the food they actually served us was fine for the price but I'd still take the crab at the Wynn buffet over this though.
3	Not so good. They seated us at a small table in the middle of the room and right next to a restroom with a noisy swinging slamming door. Service wasn't so great; neither was food. 3 stars for a cool name and fishing pier decorations.
4	every month my grandma and i come to this location and grub on crab together. it's a great way for us to stay connected and enjoy delicious dungenus crab that was so easily accessible in the bay area. we always get a cup of clam chowder and enjoy 'crab in a bucket' which gives us the option between dungenus, snow, or king crab. after we pick our crab of choice, we choose a flavor, place our order, and it's delivered to us within minutes. i was reviewing the other reviews and i was shocked to read they had horrible or unpleasant service because we have always had great service, but maybe it's because i have my adorable grams with me. for affordable seafood, a good time, and catching up with your grandma, i would definitely recommend joe's. =)
