5	a hidden gem in Pittsburgh!!! We were greeted immediately by our server,Jade. She was very knowledgeable of the menu and very helpful! The food was to die for!! My fiance isn't a big italian food fan and loved his linguini I'm white clam sauce. Even the owner(I think that's who it was) came to our table. The patio bar was also very cool.Will return again and again! A+
5	On 10/11/2013 Jim and I needed a place to hold a luncheon for his mother who had passed away on the 10th. We were from out of town and knew that the Village Tavern and Trattoria had a great separate room for our lunch. Called Ray on 10/11/2013 at 10:00AM even before they were open. Told us to come right down. Ray has been a long time friend of Jim's. He greeted us so nicely and quickly came to create  great menu. Of pasta, pizza and appetizers. On the 10/12/2013 we arrived and everything was set up and Jade our server was very attentive to our needs. Food came out on time and it was the best! Everyone was very happy and impressed. The Village Tavern made our family and friends feel welcome and the food was outstanding. Everyone should have get-togethers there. They have a great patio.
3	Went with friends last Fri night...pizza and greans n beans very good...main meals mediocre...waitress seemed in a hurry and not warranted since many tables were empty.  Bar area very nice...would not go out of my way to return.
4	Really enjoy the Village Tavern. I stubbled upon this one day trying to get away from traffic and ventured in. I had the special which was tortollini in a pesto alfredo with mushrooms. The food was delicious. The ambience was off putting at first as it is a little dark and outdated. However, we had a blast in the outdoor bar area for a few hours after we ate. The owner always seems to stop by our table.
4	Any local restaurant that serves a healthy side salad (aka. not iceberg lettuce) in Pittsburgh gets at least 4 stars from me! The Village T & T is a cozy little place, with hard wood booths and tables.  The menu serves traditional Italian fare.  I ordered the Zucchini Parm special and my Mom ordered the Chicken Romano.  The zucchini was good, but the chicken was out of this world!  And, as stated before, the side salads had no iceberg lettuce at all! Score.The only advice I'd give is to have one waitress per table.  Even though the waitresses were very nice, we had two - two came to the table to take our order, and they seemed to switch off duties throughout the meal.  It just felt a bit crowded and I felt more pressure to order quickly because there were two people waiting to take our order.
4	We had  a great dinner tonight. Nicolle our server was very attentive. I loved my veal parmigiano. My wife had the chicken special and really enjoyed it. The wine list was limited, but Nicolle brought samples of a few Merlots before we chose a nice bottle.
