3	Black Chile Mexican Grill looks like a commercialized establishment, which was a bit of a turn off, but their food is like it's served in your family's kitchen. Let's start with the chips and salsa, which are not complementary, very similar to Chili's (a chain, ugh) however the tomatillo salsa had a good kick with a rich flavor, but at an additional cost. Ordered the chicken enchiladas which had that homemade taste with a delicious sour cream green sauce. The rice was unique and delicious to the point where it could be a meal in itself.  The beans with pork was another great homemade taste. Also ordered the beef tacos. The corn tortillas were made there and the freshness of the ingredients stood out. Went for the tres leches cake, pass on this and take the waiters recommendation. Great meal. Nice addition to the Biltmore restaurants.
1	This is the quintessential Mexican restaurant if you live in Topeka, Kansas, or South Bend, Indiana, and don't know what Mexican food is.  Bland, bland, bland.  Let's begin with the ridiculous up-charges.  $1.95 for chips and flavorless salsa that reminds me of tomato paste.  If you want some salsa with flavor, you can get the tomatillo salsa  . . . for an additional $1.95.  Dear restaurateur: chips and salsa are free at real Mexican food restaurants.  $3.50 for three very small corn tortillas.  Guacamole is a Mexican food favorite, so you better offer it, and it had better be good.  We paid $8 for guacamole that rivaled generic grocery store brands for flavor.  Luckily, I could add the overpriced tomatillo salsa to give it some zest.  I don't know if the guacamole doesn't usually come with chips, but they charged me for the aforementioned chips/salsa even though you'd think the chips were part of the guacamole feast.  The borracho beans were something like $3.50 and amounted to perhaps five spoonfuls of beans.  On the bright (ok--the "not horrible" side), my fiancee had a cheese quesadilla that wasn't bad.  This is the food equivalent of Gilbert Ortega jewelery stores.  Tourists will want to stop by to have some of the 100+ tequilas and to say they ate Mexican food when they visited Arizona.  The rest of us who know about Barrio Cafe, Los Dos Molinas, etc., will want to avoid it.
3	I was excited to try Black Chile this evening, having sorely missed the convenience of a full-service Mexican restaurant located within walking distance of home ever since the shuttering of Sam's Cafe (yes, it was ersatz Mexican, but a pleasant dining nook all the same). The restaurant's interior looks great, and though empty on a Sunday night, the bar and its impressive tequila collection promise a lively crowd and good buzz in the near future. (NB: Aside from washrooms, I believe the basement level of the restaurant may also hold a private dining room--a nice touch. There is the issue of a faint but pervasive restroom smell on that floor that needs to be addressed, though.)Service was top-notch. Joe, our server, was attentive (quick with refills-always a plus, especially when I go nonalcoholic) and offered helpful suggestions and information when it came time to order. We also appreciated his thoughtfulness in bringing a bowl of water out for our dog, who was waiting patiently for us on the other side of the patio fence.As for the main event, the food: I opted for the chicken enchiladas and the standard green poblano chile cream sauce it came with, having been swayed by Joe to choose it over the optional red pasillo. I typically avoid cream sauces like the plague, as I hate a strong dairy taste overpowering the other elements of a dish. The cream was used very judiciously and appropriately in this case, however, just enough to take the edge off any extreme heat from the chiles. The two enchiladas were elegantly presented in a small cast-iron casserole dish, which was quite filling for a Sunday night dinner. The standard entree sides, a small bowl of borracho beans and  roasted corn-and-cilantro seasoned "sticky rice," were quite serviceable. (Note to the chef: a less complex but arguably tastier version of the rice can be found several blocks east of you at Revo.)An aside: I think it wouldn't hurt to simply factor the cost of the chips and salsa into the menu price and offer them up for free. Charging the $1.99 just feels kind of stingy, given that the "homemade" aspect of the chips didn't necessarily shine through in texture or flavor, even to service the rather bland salsa.While I was pleased that thigh meat was used for the shredded chicken in the enchiladas, I think that it could have used additional seasoning and texture (e.g., from roasting or grilling), as it was a bit too soft and steamy. Overall, despite its attention to presentation and decor, I could still sense the Minnesotan origins of this restaurant concept creep through, in the hesitation or restraint to seasoning and heat that bordered on timidity. By shedding off the burden of that winter coat, Black Chile will have a chance to shine in its new southwestern surroundings.
5	The food here is outstanding -- you can order any dish as spicy as you like, so those of you complaining, you are not asking for the right things! Ask for the tomatillo salsa, it is spicy and delicious!Also the chips & salsa are FREE + bottomless. I think they changed the menu over the last week since they opened.You wouldn't guess it for a Mexican food place, but the burger is tasty, crunchy on the outside and plenty of avocado. For a traditional dish, try the carne asada tacos, the meat is tender and well marinated!Overall, the bar menu is fantastic -- love the Strawberry jalapeno margarita with agave nectar and the selection of beers! Happy to see a Mexican restaurant at the Biltmore!
3	Was looking forward to a mexican restaurant to open up at the Biltmore (I too miss Sam's cafe and those yummy chips) - something in walking distance from the esplanade.  We went on a Friday afternoon for lunch - we arrived a bit before noon and were seated immediately.   Was shocked to see that we had to pay $2 for chips and salsa, but ordered them anyway.  The chips were ok - maybe a bit too salty, but the salsa was horrible.  When asked if they had hot sauce we brought Chula bottle sauce...oh well plain chips it was.we were told to steer clear of the tacos by the waitress - she didn't elaborate and we didn't ask....of course she suggested all the high priced entree's, but this was lunch and we didn't want to get stuffed.I did opt for the Veggie tacos and I was happy with my order - how could you mess that up?   Sweet potato, squash, corn - very fresh tasting.  the sticky rice was interesting, but couldn't really eat it all - very sweet.  the other two meals ordered was the chimichanga (told it was ok) and a salad with carne asada added ($5 additional charge - not listed on menu and not told during order). We were told the fried ice cream was one of the best around (again by our waitress), so we gave it a try - it was one TINY scoop of fried ice cream that was in a deep bowl and COVERED in whip cream, so you couldn't even see the ice cream - the whip cream wasn't even any good.  when we finally were able to get a bite of the ice cream it was just ok....save your money and go get a fro-yo at mojo's in the mall. although, I enjoyed my tacos - we probably won't be back - too many other mexican restaurants around that are better - just will have to get into the car....
4	YES! The honey rice/corn dish thing is so fabulous. The fajitas and the Guacamole dish are bomb.com
3	I went for a late lunch, and Monday through Friday, they offer happy hour specials in the bar/lounge area, YAHOO! Best way to try out the dishes!  Half off certain items, mostly the appetizers.  The bartender recommended the chicken and poblano cheese crisp.  So I decided to try it.  It was HUGE..so for $4.50, totally worth it..paying full price..I don't think I would.   It wasn't full of taste, the chicken was moist but lacked taste.  You don't get a side of salsa or chips and salsa, actually for a side of salsa, $1.95.  The kicker was I had just ordered a soda, ummm $2.95 ..agua next time.  I will go back for happy hour and try the nachos (half off for happy hour as well).  A co-worker had a chimi when he went and wasn't unhappy but nothing to rave about  plus it had a lot of sauce on it, and so it wasn't crispy as you would like one to be . So I would recommend Happy Hour with co-workers or friends first before going all out for dinner.
4	beautiful atmosphere...good prices (for the biltmore!), friendly staff and delicious food! overall, a great dining experience...we'll definitely be going back!
4	I love to make fajitas with black beans and sweet potatoes. This place is the only place I know that has black bean & sweet potato soft tacos. I can't give them a five star because I save those for places I love where I usually can't make it myself but I am definately a fan.
5	This review is for 06/11/2011. This review is dedicated to the awesome new bartender friend, Brooke. After a long day in Phoenix, I had to find some good spots in the area. I haven't touched alcohol in about a month. Why not start it in another state and still say that I haven't touch alcohol in CA. Let's head on over to the Biltmore Fashion Park and dine at the Black Chile Mexican Grill. This place is a close resemblance to El Torito, but a little more classier. Black Chile Mexican Restaurant is at good spot and after reading the other reviews, its a NEW restaurant as well. I walked in and a friend's tip was to always head towards the bar. So, I did. When I got to the counter, there was no one there. I wasn't sure if the place serving anything at 11am. Then again, I don't know Arizona's law on serving alcohol.The bar section is quite lovely. One side of the bar is in the interior and the other side is on the patio side. Plus, the water mist made it even seem you are at the beachfront when you are in downtown. Then a few minutes later, a female bartender named Brooke came on over and got me started with my order. I started with my drink of choice, Cranberry Vodka ($6.50). She also offered some complimentary fresh chips and salsa while I contemplated on what I was going to devour for my meal. While I was waiting, some kids were asking for some olives on a stick. Wow...you got some future martini drinkers in the future. Those kids would come back every 10 minutes for olive and/or a pick stick.After downing my Cranberry Vodka, I came to order the Chicken Chimichanga ($12.96) with hot, spicy sauce....Oh did I forget, I ordered another Cranberry Vodka. Since I did not have long stay in Phoenix, I asked my bartender friend on places to visit for the next 6-8 hours I have got left. Well, she did her job and gave all the great spots which were in the neighboring Scottsdale. Unfortunately, I never got to do them because of time-constraints. About 10 minutes after I ordered, my Chicken Chimichanga came in and I had already finished my second Cranberry Vodka. Blast it!! My body does want alcohol after a hiatus. So, I saw the Margarita Glass and asked for their house special on Margarita. Brooke gave me a taste sample on the frozen margarita and it was pretty good. So, I ordered their house Black Chile Margarita ($9). That drink was awesome and complimented my meal quite well.The Chicken Chimichanga came with beans and rice with the hot green sauce on the plate. The dish was right out of the kitchen and it was pretty hot and quite spicy. Not too spicy, but enough to give me a tear. I forgot what the name of the bottle of hot sauce she gave me, but I think it was Cholula. I am a Tapatio guy, but it was good enough to add more heat. I finished my meal and the margarita was taking its toll on me....LITERALLY. Glad Brooke got my back and got some more fresh chips to balance me. Well, it was getting close to 12:30pm and I had to close my bill. I didn't have enough time in Phoenix to do enough. Brooke closed me out and my total was $36.15. Before I left, I had to use the restroom. The restroom is downstairs and there was a nice little lobby/waiting room down there. Almost thought I accidentally found a VIP area. Before I left, being the bartender friend that she is, she watched out for me and gave me a glass of water without me even asking. **This sounds awfully familiar from another friend** She gave me the list of places to stop by, but time was one thing that was not on my side. Black Chile Mexican Restaurant was amazing and glad to have found it. I believe this is the last review for Phoenix and I hope to be back in the future. One day in Phoenix to get away from Los Angeles is not enough, but sure was worth it.The Yelp Universe. Where are you traveling today?
2	Good atmosphere, decent food, service was good not that great. Plus it was too expensive. I was mislead on the "Happy Hour" rules of this restaurant. Outside the menu read Happy Hour 5-7 pm so I thought this meant for the whole restaurant. I was wrong this only meant the bar area. No where did it say only for the bar area. I spent $12 on nachos that my boyfriend didn't even like. I did not leave happy.
5	Casey was our server tonight and did a great job despite being slammed with a packed house. The elote was delicious, the ceviche was perfectly spiced, the chimichango was tasty and the tres leches cake had a distinctly good rum flavor!
3	Sort of "chain-ish" but the food we had was pretty good. I liked that the side of beans were fresh (not refried & covered in cheap cheese) and the rice had roasted sweet corn in it (also not smothered in cheap cheese). Overall, enjoyable.
3	Fine. Just fine. C+/B- average-- all around.    The decor was rustic and lodge-like, yet still open and modern.  No complaints here-- aesthetically pleasing and lacking the bright colors and loud mariachi music of more traditional Mexican restaurants.  The table we were sat at seemed to have been haphazardly wiped-- not totally clean. Our server was okay as well-- friendly enough, but seemed generally disinterested in her job and us and was not very knowledgable about the food she was serving. The food was fine.  The salsa served with the chips was totally fine-- fresh enough but not very flavorful-- a theme we would soon learn would repeat itself throughout our dining experience.  We started with the avocado egg rolls with cilantro honey dipping sauce.  These were the highlight of the meal-- the sweet sauce complimented the creamy avocado taste nicely.  My only qualm here was the $10.50 price tag for 2 standard sized egg rolls.  Seems a wee bit steep for what it was, but still very tasty.  I ordered the vegetarian tacos and they were good-- not wow, but good.  I appreciated the variety of vegetables and the fact that they had veggie tacos in the first place (many more standard Mexican restaurants do not).  I do wish they'd had more spices. The side of rice was pretty good, but not as flavorful as I'd like.  The veggie tacos are also served with some sort of pickled cabbage onion slaw (because the borracho beans that accompany the other dishes are cooked with bacon).  The slaw was also fine.  In general the food was acceptable, but a bit bland.  I should also mention that the portions are quite reasonable-- two smallish veggie tacos and a bit of rice and slaw.  Sometimes the portions as more traditional Mexican restaurants are absurdly gargantuan-- it was nice to see a normal sized and relatively healthy-seeming Mexican(ish) meal.Full disclosure here-- our visit to Black Chile was prompted by a card we'd received in the mail good for $20 off any meal.  So we figured it was worth a shot-- and it was, but maybe not a return visit.  Our bill (pre-discount) for the appetizer, 2 entrees, and two sodas came to $40.  If it wasn't at the Biltmore, I'd say it was a little steep, but considering its location, it's probably right on.  I'd go back if the food had wowed me, especially since it's in my neighborhood, but it didn't, so a repeat visit isn't likely.  There are enough solidly 4 and 5 star places in the vicinity that 3 stars doesn't generally make me a repeat customer.
2	I feel like this is the P.F. Chang's of Mexican food.  I think that they are still working out a lot of kinks in service.  Our server was very sweet and pleasant but she was clearly overworked and the kitchen was slow.  The salsa tasted heavily of lime and no other flavor.  The chips were warm at least.  Ordered their house specialty of black chile pork.  I was expecting something redolent of spices and maybe even chocolate.  We got instead something tasty in a reddish oily sauce.  The pulled pork quesadilla was good, (and reminded me a lot of the black and blue quesadilla with its sweet flavor at Sam's cafe).  The burger was actually the best, with a juicy patty.  Ask for a side of chipotle rance, it'll make the skinny fries taste out of this world.  Not a bad choice at the biltmore, just not a destination place and not what I would go for if I was craving Mexican food.
2	I went here with my bf because a. I like to check out new places and b. we like the mexican food. We did enter with expectations that these big restaurant, often chains, just don't do Mexican food like more authentic, or local places. The service was great, the ambiance and decor was really nice, and my drink was AWESOME. But the food was just lacking that soul that you're looking for with really great Mexican food. It's amazing how good taco trucks and some little holes in the wall will make you a Mexican food snob. We got the beef and fish tacos. The fish tacos has this spiciness to it like I wasn't diggin and the beer tacos were ok. The ceviche was ok too, I find that everyone's ceviche differ greatly and it's hard to find a killer one (see: Gallo Blanco). Black Chile is probably that place you take your parents to if you really want to eat Mexican food but they aren't daring enough to go anywhere that doesn't look like it got a 5 star rating. However, I did not jump into their Tequila bar. So maybe it's best for booze.
5	We've been extremely fortunate to have been on a great run with restaurants.  It seems that some restaurants understand that summer is the time to impress guests.  I've read the prior reviews but my experience is that Black Chile has really worked hard since opening to address early complaints.  I am thrilled that we went.  The staff is stellar.  Since they just opened,  our server walked us through the menu and suggested that we start with the black olive and chorizo cheese crisp, and it was delicious.  Please request the avocado-tomatillo salsa and apply liberally to ALL food items - spicy and full of flavor.  My friend ordered the fish tacos (snapper) and was thrilled with the flavor, also loved the rice and beans.  (Homemade tortillas).  I had the chicken enchiladas and highly recommend the green sauce.  So good.  Too full for dessert, but definitely next time.  Gotta go again!!
4	My first time here. I got a $20 coupon in the mail, so I figured eh, free meal. I went here with my boyfriend and we were instantly greeted with friendliness from the staff. We ate at the bar and our bartender, Nate, couldn't have been more pleasant. He was chatty while still paying attention to all the other customers. Service was quick and the food was great! My boyfriend had the meatloaf - DAMN! That's some good shit. Even the rice and beans tasted unusual. I can always appreciate when a restaurant attempts to make ordinary, normal Mexican side dishes taste spectacular. It was truly a savory dish. I had the Tomatillo Salad with carne asada, it was very delicious. But honestly it paled in comparison to my boyfriend's meatloaf. I wanted to eat his entire meal!Overall, great first impression. We'll be back.
4	I really liked this place!  The food actually reminded me of Blanco's in Scottsdale which is also super yummy!   Great service, great location in the Biltmore, nice decor and yummy food!
4	I went there with some friends and family and had a phenomenal experience. We started with the queso, which was delicious, and perused their extensive list of sipping tequilas. Everyone at the table was pleased with their meal, from the enchiladas to the chimichangas. Everything was great. Even the rice and beans were not your run of the mill standard. Our server was extremely attentive and knowledgeable as soon as our entire party was there (it took him a few minutes when there were just a few of us). I will definitely be back.
2	Eww..grose.  Food was mediocre at best.  The restaurant is beautiful though.  I felt sorry for our poor waitress, she couldn't get the cork out of our $60 bottle of wine.  We had to do it ourselves and keep from getting the cork tidbits outta the wine.  Won't be back...
2	Sorry, Black Chile... I just wasn't a fan!Jared and I felt like trying something new one night last week, and after reading about how great Black Chile's burger was from our friends at EaterAZ, we thought we'd give this place a shot.The restaurant itself is spacious, the hostess and service attentive and friendly, and the decor is tasteful.  But unfortunately the food was nothing special, and I won't be rushing back...We started with chips and salsa.  I think they bring these to everyone.  These weren't bad.  For our meals, Jared went with the burger and I went for the fish tacos (per our waitress's recommendation) and a side of corn.  I liked the sticky rice and beans it came with but the rest of the meal was underwhelming.  Jared didn't love his either.Since my visit, I learned that this concept comes from restaurateurs Michael McDermott and Jason Merritt, who have been involved with the development of numerous restaurants including the famed Kona Grill. I thought it felt a little chainy!  That explains it ;)I'm pregnant so I didn't have a Corona or margarita, which may have made my meal taste better, but regardless, I've experienced much better Mexican food before... and with so many other Mexican concepts to choose from in the Valley, I probably won't be rushing back. Lo siento again, Black Chile!
5	Black Chile...I'm a fan! Service was great! Food was amazing!!Have a friend that eats there religiously and he recommend the burger; said it's way better than Zinburger. Our waiter recommended the fish tacos. So glad he did!  I have had fish tacos from probably more than 100 restaurants and Black Chile hands down THE BEST! I read the review from the pregnant yelp junkie below who didn't like them. I think after the hormones settle she should take another crack at them. My wife thought pickles tasted good in ice-cream when she was pregnant. Anyways....Go eat there. Have the fish tacos!Almost forgot. They carry every Tequila known to exist on earth! Next time I go, it will be on a day that I don't have to worry about a hangover the next morning.Yelp should add a 6th star for this place!
5	I'm a fan!!  I went there this afternoon with a friend.  I've noticed it before and it's always smelled wonderful everytime I've walked by there.  The service was friendly and I ordered the vegetarian tacos.  Yummy!!  My friend ordered the chicken enchilada which was also a winner.  I definitely will be coming back.
5	Love love love Black Chile!  First tried this place out when we got a $20 coupon in the mail.  The chips and salsa were delicious.  I got the chicken tacos which were tasty but it was the rice and beans that really got me, love how they are not your ordinary rice and beans, they were amazing!  My boyfriend got the enchiladas which I had to have a few bites of because they were really good too!  We have already been back a couple times, love having another great restaurant close to home!
3	Was so excited to sample this restaurant and was not that impressed.  My partner and I showed up for happy hour and found the Margaritias on the rocks to be very weak - had two myself and both were identical.  The pork quesadilla was flavorless, however the Chicken Enchiladas had some descent flavor and the rice with corn on the side was very good.  It's worth one more try :)   If my next visit is anything like the first, I won't be returning or recommending this establishment.
2	Check, please!For some reason, mostly one-word descriptions come to mind... The first is "overpriced."  The shrimp and corn cheese crisp was $11+.Second word: "skimpy."  For almost $12, that little cheese crisp should have been covered in shrimp and corn.  I actually had to ask my wife if there was any corn as I searched out one of the micro-shrimps.Third word: "Meh."  We tried three items to get a variety and a feel for the place and none of them was memorable or anything I would choose to go back for.  The tortilla soup was more like a party dip than a soup, the cheese crisp had hardly anything on it, and the portion of the unmemorable signature dish was pretty small for $16.For my money, I'll definitely be heading to Blanco next time.  Black Chile seems to be an imitator that falls flat - like a bad impersonation act at an Arizona casino.Thank God I had a $20 off coupon.  The $16 total seemed a whole lot more appropriate than the original $36.
3	great food... atmosphere...?... house music in a mexican food joint?  really?don't think i'd go out of my way for this one.
2	Came to this place to show some friends, from Jersy, a good time and good food....you failed me Black Chili Grill.  The service sucked, our server had attitude and went AWOL...had to go find her to place the order. The only good thing, to a slight degree, the food but not enough to make me come back again...ever.The place wasn't even busy when we arrived @ 7pm nor did it get busy by the time we left. It was embarrassing to have this sort of service when taking friends here for the first time. Shame on owner and management. For being a new restaurant, located at the Biltmore, you certainly would not pass the standards set by Gordon Ramsey.
5	We celebrated a birthday with a big group tonight, this was not my first time here but they exceeded my expectations. Great for large groups, they take reservations, service was awesome and food was exceptional. Great place for happy hour too, can't wait for the patio when the weather cools down. Queso dip by far is the best in he valley, beware. Tacos and margaritas are up there with the queso. Great location for me, but if you are far it's well worth the drive for a date night or happy hour!
4	My girlfriend and I decided to check this place out after getting a coupon in the mail. We started with the Cotija Grilled Corn, which I was skeptical about since I don't really like corn on the cob. It was actually so good that I finished mine and had the urge to steal hers right out of her hands. (I was able to restrain myself.) I ordered the Black Chile, which was really good, but I think it could have used a little more spice. To be fair, I like really spicy food though. The rice was not traditional, but I really liked it. The beans I loved, which is unusual for me. My girlfriend had the Beef Enchiladas, which she loved, and I thought were really good as well. She wasn't a fan of the beans like I was, but loved the rice. I have saved the best for last though.. the drinks. Well, really just one drink in particular. The Strawberry Jalapeno Margarita was the best margarita I have ever had in my life. I actually find myself craving it. I will definitely be back for another of those, and to try some of the other drinks and menu offerings.
3	Our server Tom was fantastic.  We sat on the patio, and with some pleading they turned off the misters since the weather was pleasant and the table was getting wet.  I started with a margarita, was going to have it on the rocks but was told that the frozen was a better "kick".  So I went with that.  YUM!  Good call Tom.I ordered the meatloaf.  Weird I know but it sounded good with the chorizo and stuff.  It was delicious.  But the biggest surprise was how tasty the Sticky Rice was.  I thought it was going to be a pile of white sushi rice, which didn't make sense, but I was pleasantly surprised.  It was savory and yummy, only complaint is that it could have been served warmer.Happy we went, and I expect I will be going again.
4	I ate at Black Chile Mexican Grill for the second time last night and it was again an outstanding meal!  The house made guacamole is terrific. You can absolutely tell it's made fresh in-house.  I had tacos, one fish and the other carne asada with the flour tortillas since those are also made fresh in-house throughout the day.  Both were amazing, you couldn't go wrong with either one and the beans and rice that come with the entree are fantastic.  And to top it off, the Strawberry Jalapeno Margarita is to die for!  The service was great both times and the manager Kevin also stopped by during the meal to check on how everything was.  Being in the industry myself, I like to see when the management stays in touch with their guests.  I will definitely keep recommending Black Chile to all my friends.
5	Great deal on great food for restaurant week!
1	Ok, Biltmore what is going on with your dwindling dining and shopping options lately? Decided (mistakenly) to try this place but should have stuck to original plans of going to True Food. Anyways, the food and service really fell through here. No water was offered, no salt pepper, no flavor, nothing. Chipotle makes this place look authentic and 5 star worthy. The nachos had no toppings and the tacos, no flavor just veggies on a tortilla. After the food was thrown at us not even a chance to complain because we weren't even asked how it was. The server dropped the check and didn't even offer to box what we didn't eat because obviously he knew what we were eating didn't satisfy yet didn't try to correct the situation. I'll be spending my happy hours and lunches at True Food, Stingray or Hillstone while at the Biltmore from now on. Fail.
4	The first thing, the place smells really good.  Food was awesome, salads and tacos, chicken and vegetarian, there's a little something for everyone.  Homemade chips and an excellent salsa keep you going til the main entrees are served.  We ordered a Blood Orange margarita and regular house blend both were`a bit weak for our taste.  The dessert of a fried ice cream went well and the server was pleasant.
5	my boyfriend and I had seen an add for BCG several mos. before they opened.  Yesterday we had to run over to the Apple Store for a repair, and there it was!  We had our daughters ages 9 and 12 with us and we were all starving, so we decided to give it a try.  This was 3:30 in the afternoon on a Tuesday....slow time of day for a restaurant.  We walked in and were immediately impressed with the inside.  Large and modern.  The hostess welcomed us and sat us...there were maybe six other occupied tables.  You can see right into the very large kitchen which was clean and organized.  Our sever (Joe) came right over and welcomed us and took our drink order.  The menu is not huge, which we like.  Its not a novel you have to wade thru.  We quickly decided what we wanted.  Joe took our order and came right back with chips and salsa, which was very yummy.  The salsa tasted like it had a lot of lime in it...very refreshing.  Our food came very quickly and had a very nice presentation.  The girls kept it simple with cheese quesadillas, I had a pork quesadilla which had a nice, smoky flavor.  My boyfriend had the chicken enchiladas which had the choice of red or green sauce and were served with delicious black beans and rice.  We enjoyed our lunch completely!!!  We were stuffed.  Out of the blue, Joe showed up with a fried ice cream...not sure why, but it was nice and the girls were thrilled!!!  We plan on going back sometime in the evening to dine and try a fresh fruit margarita...their selection of tequila is AMAZING!!!  Omg!!!
5	So I read a lot of the recent reviews and I am not sure why there are so many negative reviews.Look, this is not meant to be a completely "authentic" Mexican food restaurant. If you want that, go to Ranch Market. I am Mexican-American and for the most part, this is traditional Mexican food. The rice they serve there is white rice not the traditional red rice you find at most places. But, that is Mexican rice, but from a different part of Mexico. The beans also tasted great! Nice and salty, just how I like them.The atmosphere is nice and it's at the Biltmore so it's got that going for it. The wait staff was very friendly. I brought my 2 month old little girl and they were very accommodating.Also, I tried the Jalapeno Margarita everyone was raving about and it was yummy! And the chips and salsa was surprisingly good. Chips weren't too hard or salty and the salsa had a great seasoned flavored. All in all this was a great place. I would definitely go back!
2	So, we received at $20 off coupon in the mail and decided to give it a try.  Let's just say...it's been some months since then and we haven't been back...the only time this place has popped up on my radar was when a co-worker was talking about their lackluster experience, too.The service was fine.  It was the food that got me.  I ordered cheese enchilada's and my girlfriend ordered the chicken enchilada's.  Now, I expected cheese...but I didn't think I was going to have to go on a search mission to locate the tortillas. My girlfriend was equally displeased with her meal. The sangria I ordered was the only saving grace...not good enough to return, though...
4	I have been wanting to try this place out ever since it opened. I finally made it over there on a Monday night and met my dad for dinner. They have Happy Hour every weekday until 7pm, which includes half priced select appetizers, cheese crisps, and of course a variety of drinks. We started off with a shrimp and corn cheese crisp, which was only $5.25 during happy hour.  The cheese crisp came out quickly and was very fresh. We moved on to dinner and split a shredded beef chimy and some fish tacos.  The tacos were great and not fried, which I really prefer. The shredded beef chimy was very flavorful.  My only complaint is that I wanted more of everything.  The portions are a little small (two tacos per plate) but come with amazing rice and beans.  We finished off the evening with some fried ice cream and were very pleased. I would compare this place to Blanco's Tequila and Tacos only way better.  Black Chile offers a much better menu that caters to all audiences (you can even get chile glazed ribs).  The service was great, the waitress was very attentive which is getting harder and harder to find.  Overall, great spot to go if you're in the mood for Mexican and want to try something new.
3	Sweet Rice not my fav, and not very flavorful, but I will recommend the enchiladas (just get the green sauce if you have a sensitive palette). Also know it's not Authentic so don't go in expecting that. Overall 3 stars because it's an ok option for Mexican in the Biltmore Fashion Park...that so desperately needed one.
4	We really enjoyed our diner despite the reviews.  I was a little nervous but our server was so kind and welcoming!  We mentioned that we read review on Yelp and he happily gave us the discount. Thank you!  Our server mentioned that the owners are very receptive to Yelp.  Great experience!
3	Nice ambiance and a nice staff that is pretty knowledgeable on their very wide selection of tequilas
5	Loved it! My favorite item was the grilled corn. I have been craving it ever sense!
5	Wow, this place was amazing. We ordered 5 appetizers (during happy hour its half-price), the Cotija Grilled Corn, BBQ Pork Cheese Crisp, Chicken and Poblano Chile Cheese Crisp, Beef Nachos, and  Roasted Poblano Queso. Each dish was full of amazing flavor. The Cotija Grilled Corn was honestly the best corn I have ever had, it was grilled perfectly and the cotija cheese adds the perfect amount of flavor without being too over powering. The cheese crisps both had a good balance of flavor, my favorite was the BBQ Pork which had a great spicy BBQ sauce drizzled over it and just the right amount of cheese. The Roasted Poblano Queso  was much more than your average cheese dip topped with chorizo and a hint of sweetness. I would recommend this place to anyone who enjoys a trendy atmosphere, and flavorful food. This is one of the few restaurants that I have been to where I equally enjoyed everything we ordered and our waiter Joseph was awesome. I can't wait to go back and try their strawberry jalapeno margarita!
5	Blown away.I was in last Saturday for lunch for the first time.  It was a little chilly so we sat inside but I would definitely like to go back for happy hour on the patio.  The menu was a little different than what I was used to being that I normally dine at more 'authentic' mexican restaurants so I asked our server, Joey, for some recommendations.  He was super friendly and honest in giving his opinion on certain dishes as well as answering any questions we had.  We felt very comfortable and finally decided on the  cotija grilled corn appetizer as well as the poblano queso. WOW.  SO much flavor in the dip and the corn was grilled to perfection.  I can't wait to go back for their happy hour and have the chance to enjoy them both at HALF OFF.  Next, he suggested we try the new soup/sandwich combo (went with the corn chowder and beef torta) which was also quite delicious.  All in all, I would definitely recommend this to anyone who has good taste in food and is interested in trying something new.  While it is not traditional mexican food, it is definite quality food AND service.
3	A decent Mexican food option if you're in the area. I sat at the bar and had the carne asada tacos with rice and black beans. I thought the seasonings and heat level were good.  Friendly service.
4	I was a skeptical about this place simply because I'm not a big fan of Mexican American restaurants.However, prove me wrong and you shall be rewarded!  Needless to say, Black Chile proved me wrong and I loved it.  I ordered the Carne Asada Tacos, which I thought were amazing.  The beef was tender and the spice was just right.  Chips and salsa for the table was okay at best.  I've had better salsa.  Drinks during HH was decent, I'm going through my whiskey phase.  Beer & wine is good just not that night I attended.Service was real quick and accommodating.  Ambience had the old rustic western feel.  The room had a Southwestern modern touch.  The crowd was young and hip.  Restrooms were downstairs in an entirely different space, which I thought was pretty cool. - Enjoy!
2	I went there last night with some of my gal pals.  I had been there a few weeks ago with a guy and thought it wasn't bad.  Alas, this time out, not the same.  Two of the women I was with said the server was rude.  I thought, hmmm, not possible cause when I was there prior, the server seemed nice.  Well, unfortunately, they were right.  She seemed in a hurry and we had to practically chase her down for service.   When she came, she acted rushed and each time rushed off before the words were completely out of our mouths.    The appetizers we ordered off the happy hour menu were mediocre at best.  So sad that it was a complete disappointment to all of us.  I was hoping for better. ...
3	For a corporate, mall type restaurant, this was surprisingly good. Nothing authentic about it, but the food was good, especially the amazing tortilla soup. I especially liked that even though this is a corporate restaurant, it was not a Mexican themed restaurant.  No Mexican music, no waiters in silly costumes, etc.  Recommended, although any authentic place would definitely have better food at more reasonable prices.
1	Ok food. HORRIBLE service!
3	I was pretty hopeful about this place but was a little disappointed. It was good but not great. It was a good place to take my parent but I won't come back. Dislikes: The dishes are not very creative. Lots of meat and no veggies. Food was too rich, no light options on menu. Salsa was plain. Salmon was a bit fishyLikes: the sangria was fizzy which was fun, elote corn was very tasty, beans and rice were tasty and well seasoned
5	really good gourmet Mexican, we got the corn chowder and grilled corn for the app, then we got the chicken enchiladas and the Black Chile (the best dish ever)...Go here and give it a try, you will love it....upscale and good food.
4	Definitely try the rice...it's not your usual Mexican style rice pilaf.  I could probably make a meal of that rice alone, yum!
4	Pork quesadillaChicken enchiladaSweet riceAll very good!!!!And the best part.... This must be the only place in Phx that has diet Dr. Pepper!!
4	Went there tonight. For a saturday night, it wasn't full, so we had a table right away. We tried the margarita and sangria, ok. Ceviche was good, plenty of chips, salsa was good. Taco carne asada were good, we didn't try anything else, price wasn't killer, I thought it would be a lot more for Biltmore area.
2	I've always said if the guacamole, chips and salsa aren't good, the food is not likely to be good either.  I was right, Guacamole was not very good at all, same with the salsa.  Rest of the food was just okay but for a restaurant in the Biltmore I expected so much better.  Just as a note, when it comes to Mexican food, I'm super critical.  This place will probably get a higher ratings from people of the Midwest.
4	Service is very friendly and attentive. I had a bowl of gazpacho which was very good. Friends had beef and fish tortas and chorizo cheese crisp, which they said were delicious, happy hour hours are also really great especially for a Saturday.
4	Fan-freaking-tastic shrimp tacos + Modella Especial in a bottle (serviced with an icy pint glass) + good (free) chips and salsa = a VERY happy Meghan M.  Happy hour specials looked great but just enjoying lunch on the patio was a perfect start to a few days in Phoenix.
5	Absolutely loved this place! Chips and salsa rocked, the enchiladas were awesome and I loved, loved, loved their rice! Service was excellent as was the ambience. We wanted a nice comfortable place to converse, and most places you have to talk over loud music....not here - ambience was perfect!
3	Had the Cotija Grilled Corn, Fresh Guacamole, and the Shrimp and Corn cheese crisps.  Food not bad but would have been much better if it was hot, maybe even warm but alas... Service strange.  Waitress took our drink and appetizer order, food came within reasonable time,  restaurant was almost empty, but haven't seen her since. Wanted to order entrys but she never came back. Had to grab someone else to get our check, gave up on ordering entrys.
3	The place was nice.  We sat at the window by the outside tables, so we were inside but feeling like we were outside.  =)  I ordered the chicken torta lunch with french fries.  It was ok.  Nothing to dance around about.  The service was ok too.  So so....
5	Visited this place during a business trip.  Located in an upscale Biltmore Mall, this place has one of the best tacos I have ever eaten. (Fish and Shrimp).
5	Really great place for some awesome margaritas and some of the best Mexican/Southwestern that I've had. The place was shiny and new enough to appear like a high end chain but I'm told this is the only location and the food certainly had great taste and attention to detail. Try the guacamole!! Just a warning to get there during happy hour if you like to pound back a few as the bill can get steep in a hurry!
5	This place is really nice and laid back.  Last weekend my wife and I were in town visiting family in the city. We decided to stop by this place we heard about at the mall earlier that day.  I had the Seabass.  Let me tell you, absolutely delicious.  My wife had the salmon salad.  Fantastic cuisine.  On top of the food and the atmosphere, the service was top notch.  Our server Jason was there from beginning to end.  He recommended the Blackberry Sage Margarita for my wife, which she absolutely loved.  She had three; trust me my wife is not a drinker.  Kudos to the bartender that day.  For me he recommended the casa noble tequila which he turned it into a Margarita.  One word, "AMAZING".  I had two.  Jason was a very nice, fun, and easy server to have that afternoon.  The way he talked with us, you would think we were all old high school buddies.  He didnt over sale the menu , but allowed us to think over our selections and offered his recommendations.  After our meal Jason suggested we try the fried ice cream.  He told us if we didnt like it he would pay for it himself so we hdd to try it, considering it was our first time there.  The end result, I ended up paying for the fried ice cream.  I told Jason that I was a restaurant manager out in California.  From my experience in the restaurant business, he should be running a restaurant himself.  I will recommend anyone to go to Black Chile and request Jason (Mr. Suave as my wife would call him) as your server.  Good Job Black Chile.   I will be sending business your way!!!!!
3	My husband and I went here last night around 9 and asked to sit on the patio since the weather was nice and were told that it was all open seating. We sat down right outside the door and it took almost 10 min for the patio waitress to approach us to take our drink orders and bring us menus. I ordered the black chile margarita because it was on the happy hour drink list and I was pleasantly surprised. For my meal I ordered the chicken and poblano cheese crisp as it was also on the happy hour menu and I fancy myself a frugal individual, haha. It was really good once I picked off the chunks of raw onion and black olives that were scattered on top, I suppose it was my bad for assuming that it would only have chicken and poblanos, as that is the title of the dish. The cream sauce that was drizzled on was delicious. For my husband, who is less frugal, he ordered the chicken skewers for his appetizer and they were amazing! They were so juicy and the glaze was sweet and mildly spicy. Then for his 'entree' he ordered the salmon salad. It was highly disappointing for a 15 dollar salad. It was a mix of fresh greens, a handful of avocado, and a burnt fillet of salmon resting on top. I think that he would have been happier if he had ordered a second helping of the chicken skewers. I would revisit this place again, as long as I wasn't in a rush. Good margaritas and chicken skewers are good enough for me. I can't say the same for my husband.
4	I was very pleased with dinner here. Would consider returning in the future.
2	If I have learned anything about places that are Southwest or Mexican with a unique style or menu, it is that if you do not have great salsa. Forget it. At least they have an awesome patio with a OK happy hour. Service was good, bartenders were gave service with a smile and were kind to separate the checks for all 3 couples. Did I mention the patio?!
2	Being from the East, I was craving some "real" Mexican food. Staying just across the street at the Ritz, I looked out my hotel window and saw this place. Black Chile Mexican Grill. Heaven!I walked over in the stifling heat, entered the restaurant, and had a seat at the large circular bar. I ordered the Red Chili Burro, which contains cubed beef with tomatoes, onions, garlic with Asadero, and Manchego cheese. All of this is served with something called borracho beans and sticky rice. And it was all outstanding! A virtual feast of delicious Mexican food that clearly told me I was not in Kansas anymore. Or Maryland, for that matter. I resigned myself to come back at least one more time during my three day visit to Phoenix. But here's where things started to break down a little. My server was a nice enough girl, but she completely forgot about me once I had my entree. I waited for over 40 minutes just to be able to catch her attention for a drink refill. I had decided to try some fried ice cream in keeping with tradition, but after 20 more minutes waiting for her to circle back to my side of the bar, I just gave up. No dessert for me tonight. She was constantly on the other side of the bar talking with two other patrons. That's fine, but I'm the only other customer in the entire bar area so how hard can it be to circulate back my way every so often? Sometimes I think I have my cloak of invisibility on. One highlight occurred near the end of my prolonged stay. Phoenix Suns General Manager Lance Blanks sat down next to me. All of a sudden my server was quite attentive to my side of the bar. Oh well, I guess he has more clout than I do. Understandable. But I liked the food so much I just decided to come back the following night. Same bar, just as empty with two other patrons, and a different server. This guy was very attentive. But now I had a surly kitchen runner girl who practically dropped my plate in front of me without so much as a greeting or eye contact. This time I decided to get dessert, the fried ice cream I'd seen on the menu the previous night. Both it and the Chimichanga I ordered this evening lived up to expectations and were most excellent. But then the same kitchen runner came out to drop off the ice cream. She seemed mildly annoyed at having to come out to me twice. What is it with customer service these days? This could easily have been a five star experience and would have been but for a few of the staff. And I've worked in restaurants so I know how hard the work is. I also know that if managed correctly, customer service can be consistently solid. But here at Black Chile, the entire experience was really colored by the service. So all in all, I recommend this place for the food. But the service is, for the most part, indifferent. Think excellent food served by your average New York McDonald's cashier and you won't be surprised. And don't tick off that kitchen runner!
3	I don't love it, but I don't hate it. Black Chile is nice for its location (in the Biltmore), and is one of the only mexican restaurants I can think of in the Arcadia area. My only gripe is that I go when I'm craving traditional Mexican food, and that isn't exactly what their menu looks like. However, everything I have ever ordered there has left me satisfied and usually with leftovers.
5	We love this restaurant! My favorite is the veggie tacos and the rice. My husband loves the Black Chile and the fajitas and the bar is a great place to meet up with friends.
3	It's definitely not the best Mexican food I have ever eaten, though in retrospect I would probably have to call it Mexicanish, as it does not strike me as particularly authentic. However, the service was fast and friendly, the place itself spacious but still comfortable, and the noise level such that a couple of squeals from my 11 month old were hardly noticeable. I have to agree that the prices are a bit on the high side. Several of the dishes we have tried so far have been quite tasty (the cotija corn appetizer and the carne asada tacos for example), some others (the vegetarian tacos most recently) more bland. Three stars really sums it up for me. It's fine.
4	Black Chile is not your standard Sonoran style Mexican food that we Arizonans (including myself) love and use as our benchmark, it is a bit more refined and every bit as delicious.  They have a great happy hour, that includes piles of nachos, cheese crisps with unique toppings (try the chorizo and olive) that even my cheese hating friend likes, guacamole and street style corn.  All are delicious, especially when paired with one of their amazing margaritas, I prefer mine with Chambord, but I hear the Strawberry Jalapeno is killer.On the dinner side, the enchiladas are tasty as is the red chile burro.  While I am normally a bean fan, at Black Chile it is all about the rice, they call it honey rice or something, and it is by far the best rice I have ever had, even when I go for happy hour I can't resist ordering a side of it!I love that you can bring a group here big or small and everyone can find something on the menu that they like.  I have just two issues when it comes to Black Chile: 1) They don't have shredded beef, just ground beef (makes it feel like Taco Bell) and 2) Happy Hour is only in the bar area, I think they should take a page from Z'Tejas book and offer it restaurant wide....because that would make me really happy :)
4	I loved this restaurant! I'm trying to figure out if they are owned by the same group that runs Rojo in Minneapolis; from the menu to the sticky rice to the interior to the glassware they are identical.We started with some guac which was fabulous. I ordered the fish tacos with double the sticky rice because it's THAT good. The slaw on the tacos were great, perfect serving (you get 3 small ones) and the rice is better than any dessert.I thought the prices were fair considering the portions. We'll definitely be back!
5	Searching for Mexican infused American dishes? Want a little something to take the edge of your work day? Black Chile is the spot. Located in the oh so classy Biltmore Fashion Square, Black Chile has raised the bar in culinary artwork by combining traditional Mexican delicacies with American favorites. The indoor alone will make your mouth water will over 200 different types of Tequila (the most in all of AZ) and an open-air view of kitch happening that is very tempting. Perfect for a power lunch or drinks with co-works after hours, Black Chile will delight your tase buds with tasty treats and drinks.Service is very attentive and well-mannered, and typically the a manager checks on you at least once. There is a downstairs area fit for business meetings, parties, small conferences, and meetings. Complete with a plush seating area outside, full bar, flat screen drop-dwn screen and plenty of seating the area offers plenty of opportunity to entertain.
2	Worst tortilla soup I've ever had... but two stars for the free chips and salsa.
5	Yummmmmm......the guacamole was great, but the cheese dip was even better!   Chicken cheese enchiladas were good too, but the honey corn rice dish was amazing!    Great carne asada, and dont miss out on the margaritas.  Great tequila selection.Finally...do not leave without eating the churros...they are amazing!
5	Very yummy and fun ambiance!
4	Went for lunch with my mom one day this week. Was excellent! Had chicken and fish tacos. Mom had the salmon salad which she also loved! Wonderful environment and zack was our waiter. He was so nice and sweet. Helped due with recommendations and we were very happy. Margarita was also great! Can't wait to come back!
5	Great food and atmosphere!
5	Support small businesses.What a fantastic dinner!Surprised they weren't pack at 7:30 on Saturday night of Labor Day Weekend.The gal on the phone was pleasant and welcoming! Free valet when we arrived. The hostess sat us in a beautiful booth. And then...our cheery server delivered thin, crisp, warm chips with flavorful salsa!The house margarita and the Sangria are both great choices.Dinner was enchiladas served differently than anywhere else I've been. They were baked separately in a skillet rather than on the plate of food as normally prepared. The rice was a mix of sweet corn and rice and was delicious! The black beans ahead a nice spicy kick, but not too hot.We completed our meal with a plate churros (with whipped cream and chocolate to dip!) and the best fried ice cream I've had in a long time!!! Honey drizzled over the top added a wonderful flavor!We met another staff member on his first week in the AZ location from the original location in MN. He was excited for this new opportunity and we wish him continued success!Next time I'm in Phoenix, Black Chile is definitely a return visit for us!Please give them a try!
2	I have generally had great experiences with the Fox Restaurants - not so this time.  Hubby and I dropped in on a Friday night (not many people there).  We sat on the patio where the misters are impressive I must say.  I ordered the Sangria - a big why bother and not worth the calories.  Then my fish tacos arrived. . . meh - just nothing exciting, I can whip up better ones at home without even trying.  The beans - not tasty (read boring) and the rice would pass for a dessert.  For a town that has a lot of Southwestern / Mexican  type restaurants one has to be on their game to do well in that genre.  This one is definitely not in the game.  Servers were good though it was like we had 2 and they neither one knew the other one had us covered.  It was a bit like a comedy.  Next time we will keep on walking to another restaurant.
4	Had the signature Black Chile entree.  It was fabulous!
5	Not true authentic mexican food, but they maintain mexican spices and flavors in their dishes with a modern american twist.  Very yummy!!Probably one of my favorite aspects of the restaurant is that they provide FREE chips and the most delicious/ flavorful salsa!!!! I could drink the salsa :) If you've lived in PHX for awhile, you know free chips & salsa is a score! I visited Black Chile Mexican Grill for lunch and we ordered the cheese dip for an appetizer, which was super rich and creamy.  For my meal I ordered one of the lunch specials plates that came with a half fish torta, french fries and tortilla soup.  One note about the tortilla soup is that is a cream based soup, not the broth kind that you might be used to, but still very good.  All the food was delish and after reading other Yelp reviews it sounds like there are some other great eats to try here, like the churros- sad I missed those!! Ill be back for sure!
4	Good bet for Happy Hour in the Biltmore. Nice menu featuring a fairly impressive margarita (even though that's not my usual drink). There are good prices on the food items as well, though the $5 chicken skewers tasted a bit glued-together, at least the chipotle sauce was good. Service was good and without complaint.The patio area has a certain comfortable vibe to it-- like it's just exposed enough.
4	Oooo man, needed a pit stop from a day of shopping and their happy hour was perfect.  Got some nachos for 1/2 price and they were bomb.  Other food and drink specials on happy hour as well!
5	One of the best lunches I have had this year! Carne Asada Skewers, Roasted Corn Chowder, and the Smoked Pork Quesadilla. All three were exceptional and full of perfectly matched flavors.  I forgot to finalize this one and now this place is closed! So sad.
4	I have had a few different things from here the best were the shrimp tacos but everything has been very good
2	Eh...  would be great Mexican food in Oklahoma City or Ohio, not Phoenix.  Would be like eating at Bucca de Beppo in little Italy.   My 13.00 top shelf marg was so sweet I could barely drink it.  Pork was good but tasted like bar-b-q not carnitas.  For a chain go to Chipotle, for the real thing go to Barrio Cafe.  Bright spot was tomatillo salsa, very good.
