5	Dr. Zack has been AMAZING!  I came in and was a mess after the delivery of my daughter.  After my first visit noticed a huge difference!  The front office staff has been a pleasure to deal with, the ease of not having yo schedule an appointment has worked out great for my hectic schedule, it's affordable, Dr Zack is hilarious...... I can go on and on!
5	This place is the real deal! Excellent location, convenient  and friendly staff! Its also very affordable for the care you receive. They will definitely get you in alignment! They didn't try to upsell me, which I really appreciate. Highly recommend!!!
4	Great service iam feeling great easy check in and no wait!!!! My wife and daughter have Had good experiances here also
5	After almost 4 weeks of a pinched nerve in my neck Dr Andrews at the joint was able to give me relief! !  I had seen my regular chiropractor a week before and he didn't properly address my problem.  I walked in to the joint and was so glad I did.   No appt necessary,  only waited about 10 min after filling out necessary paperwork.   Going back tomorrow and will recommend to anyone looking for chiropractic care!
5	Fast and friendly service, I haven't been to a chiro before really but once before so I was a little nervous and they made this experience a great one. I felt much better after leaving and can't wait to go back at my convenience since there is no need for an apt. I can swing by any da on my way home as needed.
5	Had a great experience. My first time to a chiropractor and they explained everything to me. I will definitely come for another adjustment.
5	I've seen about 5 or 6 chiropractors over the course of my adult life. I've only been seen here twice for what my GP thinks is a slipped disc- almost constant pain- and I already know it's a cut above the rest. As the Dr. stated he will not leave your "spine on the floor", like many do. The adjustments are gentle, precise, effective and actually left me feeling better immediately. In contrast, I usually walk out of a chiro's office "on fire". I really like the system that is used where each adjustment is documented, and he showed me on a large computer screen which vertebrae were adjusted, which ones he targeted that day and the plan forward.  I have come to accept that I will most likely need regular ongoing care to maintain the issues I've had to prevent incapacitating flare ups, so I'm even more excited that this is the most cost effective chiro I've ever seen.
5	Been doing chiro for decades.  Dr Armstrong is attentive and genuine.  I was concerned that "the joint" was going to be a low cost, and low service, experience.  No bells and whistles here, but top notch customer service and patient care.  Highly recommended... Don't pay crazy prices for what you don't need.
5	This is our 2nd time at this particular location and I really like Dr. Armstrong.  Just in these two times, he's really empowered my husband, 2 kids and I and working with each of our specific issues.  He doesn't have a general one size fits all adjustment routine for each person, rather, he gives the adjustments each person is needing at that time.Before The Joint, I've seen 5 other chiropractors from the span of 24 yrs old to about 42 yrs old.  Due to financial issues, I was not able to get chiropractic care because either the costs were not affordable for my family and I.  Only in a dire emergency and maybe with a Groupon, we would go.Then, about a year ago, a friend of my recommended The Joint.  My husband was not on board with using chiropractic care until just very recently, when he was experiencing some health issues of his own.  Then, I checked into The Joint and my husband went and got his first adjustment from The Joint at Dana Park.  Immediately he felt better.  That was 3 weeks ago.It was then when my husband suggested (which I wanted him to do) was to have the whole family be a part of this and get chiropractic treatment.  We signed up for their 6 month plan and love that each person from the initial and thereafter are $10 less.  So my husband is $59/month, I am $49, each of the kids are $39 and $29.  They will do this for up to 4 people.  And any adjustments beyond the 4 adjustments/month are $12/each.Since my husband has never had any adjustments and it's been quite awhile for the kids and I, especially the kids, this 6 month plan works for us.  What a deal.  So for $176/month for our family, we get 16 adjustments, which averages out to $11/adjustment.Dr. Armstrong for my husband, daughter and I did a neck adjustment seated.  That was our first time ever getting this adjustment and at first I was a little startled, but my neck feels great and I can feel some of the tension releasing from my traps.Dr. Armstrong also explained as I told him I have a TENS unit, as well as Biofreeze and a physical therapist ice bag, that he said to use the ice bag and the Biofreeze if we want, but the TENS unit would be too much right now.  He's helping us to get our neck and upper back areas in good health and order first, as there are many things there.  And, he's also working on our lower backs/hip areas.  I really love how he gives us really individualized attention and explains what he's doing and what we need to do after our visit to help the adjustments and so that we see a progression of good health going forward.Really love this particular location and Dr. Armstrong.
5	Great Chiropractor ! I haven't found a good one since moving here from Chicago, however both me and my wife really have been impressed with Dr. Armstrong. Would definately recommend this to anyone looking for a chiropractor in the QC area
