2	if i was a rave-boy 20 yr old again...this would still be only a 3 star experience.great staff, beautiful location, only 15 dollar cover.now the bad...like in high school, all the girls dance on one side, guys on the other.  i don't believe this is a gay club, cause most of the couples that were slutting it up were hetero.drinks were triple price and 50% less in pour than any other bar, club or pub i went to that night (good sample cause i went to 5 in 6 hrs)i did like the marketing with other sponsors and models cruising around  http://static.px.yelp.com/bphoto/h6GpeYazwoIsNTh8XNVUtw/lcos it helped to offset the otherwise sliminess and grime i felt when attempting to get my groove on.this is a weird mix between beauty bar and prana back in SF.  yuck
2	this place was ehhh for a couple reasons, we get there early and our group of 20 people was the party, hardly anyone there. Beers were $6.5 CAD so not tooo bad, shots were $5 and a ripoff, seems as if you get a bottlecap worth of drink as a shot. My lady told me her martini was mediocre at best but the bartender did have a nice rack. But by far the most annoying part of the night was the ridiculous amount of children at this place, id say about 70% of the club was 17-20 year olds. Naturally they drink too much and dont know how to act thus resulting in the 10+ fights and arguments we saw in 30 minutes. We actually left when it was fairly early and came back to a scene of 19 yr old punks trying to fight the bouncers until the cops came and they chilled out. If your a kid that wants to fist pump all night, this is your spot, if your older and want to really have a good relaxing time go elsewhere.
2	I don't consider myself to be a club-snob...I like to think that I'm pretty open-minded. With that in mind, club 1234 fell way below my expectations. I had heard so many great things about this club, so my friends and I decided to check it out. I'm not sure how much cover is because we got in for free, but the place seems to be a popular hangout for high school kids- only a handful of the people there actually looked over 20. Shots weren't even shots..they were more like 1/2 shots. All in all, there are much better clubs in Montreal, leave club 1234 to the tweens.
4	Fun atmosphere and beautiful place. VIP service was great! Sexy bartenders, friendly staff and overall excellent experience. All except for drinks, which seemed slightly watered down; I've had better. Does attract a younger (but fairly good looking) crowd of 18-23, yet still enjoyable. Awesome DJ with a tasteful mix of lounge, trance and house; i could not stop dancing! Compared to other shabby experiences, this place was clean, and definitely exceeded my expectations.
4	Its a fun place. There usually is an annoying line up, but the different atmospheres make it nice with the option to change bettween musics.
1	in any club i have ever been to....the acting manager gave away my jacket to someone else without my consent! i left my jacket in their responsibility and that's how they treat their guest!!!!!!...i even paid $5 to keep it safe.....later on the manager "DAVE" who said i will be compensate...and it has been more than a week i dint get back my jacket or the compensation!!!!!.....let's not talk about the dirty dance floor....outrages drink price...and really bad customer services!!...
4	Music Vibes pretty cool. Staff chill. Kind of once in a while place. However I love the decor will definitely come back with a gang if girls here
