1	do not hire this joke of a company.  horrible experience.
5	I saw their ad on craigslist and I gave them call. I needed to move from Mesa to Phoenix. The price was very reasonable and the movers showed up 15 minutes early..:) The movers were very courteous and shrink wrapped everything that need to be shrink wrap. Nothing was broken and there was no damage to the interior walls. I would definitely recommend them to a friend.
1	I wish there was a way to give none to negative stars. I had the most horrendous move of my life. Let me begin...I had scheduled the movers over the phone with the owner, "Sam". I had explained to Sam everything that was in my small 2 bedroom apartment. Told him no stairs, and only a few heavy items (bed, dresser, TV and TV stand). I asked about if there would be any extra, or "hidden" charges given what I had told him and also given the fact that 90% of my apartment was going into storage first and then the rest of the items were going to be taken to a house up the street from the storage facility. He told me no. He told me the moving price would be $35 an hour plus $35 for the trip fee and then 22% of entire bill for the gas fee. NOTHING MORE. I agreed at those prices and set up the move for 5PM, Friday the 27th. 5:30 rolls around the day of the move. No movers no phone call. So I called "Sam".  No answer. Called again. No answer so I left a message. He calls a little while later saying the movers are on the way. 6:30...7...no movers. Finally I got another phone call saying they were almost here. They finally pulled in around 7:20. I know because I checked my phone records and got the call from them saying they were almost there at 7:18pm. Upon coming in, one guy starts looking around. I don't know his name but it starts with M, I believe. Or so I was told, but more on that later. Anyway, he hands me the moving contract and now all of a sudden they're wanting to charge me $40/hour + a 26% gas fee. I told him no. That's not what Sam told me the prices were. He went outside for a minute and came back with the old totals scratched out and a new total of $35.99/hr and he said they would do the 22% gas. I reluctantly agreed and told him ok and to start. He told me "it won't be more than $250". I said ok. They finished loading the truck around 9:45ish-10pm. I actually didn't even realize they were done loading until I stopped cleaning for a second to notice I hadn't heard or seen anyone in a while. I go outside and see them sitting/standing by the truck. I asked if they were done. Was told yes so I told them to follow me to the storage facility. They told me they had to stop at a gas station first to fill the take. WHAT KIND OF MOVING COMPANY DOESN'T FILL THE TRUCKS TANK BEFORE A JOB?!? So now they're taking time that I have to pay them for to do something they should have done before arriving. It took them almost 40 minutes to get to the storage facility that should have only been a 15-20 min trip. When I try to pull in, I realized the storage gates close at 9pm (although on my paperwork it says they're 24 hours). So now I have a truck filled with my entire life and nowhere to put it. I start freaking out and telling them had they not been 2 hours late and had they not taken 40 mins to drive there we could have made it. The guy by the name of "M-something" turned it on me saying it was my fault and that it takes 4 hours to load the truck (really? You started at 7:30 and was done by about 9:30...my math is a little rusty but I don't think that's 4 hours). Anyway I got really upset and started crying. The other guy with him, Anthony, said he would take the items going to the house, over to the house and if I had a lock, I could lock the truck and then they would come back in the morning. I said fine. I told them that I still wanted to talk to the owner that I booked everything with, "Sam". Anthony then points to "Mr. M" and says "this is Sam." At this point I'm so confused cause I heard the guy say his name earlier and it started with an M. Anthony was lying. They took the items to my house and left what was going to storage on the truck and told me they would meet me back at storage at 10am. Fast forward to next day...it's 10am. Guess who isn't there? The movers. They said they tried to call me twice, which I did see 2 missed calls but so sorry I wasn't able to immediately jump to the phone.They finally arrived half an hour late. I let them in the gate and we get to my storage unit. "Mr. M" brings me the contract which is now $378. I asked what the hell was going on. He told me they charged me for shrink wrap (I didn't ask for it), they charged me also for the extra stop to the storage which I told him when I booked with "Sam" I specifically asked if there would be an extra charge to drop most the stuff off at storage first. I was told no and now all of a sudden it's an extra charge.  I sat there getting upset telling them they're lying about everything and I told them I wanted to speak to the owner. They kept telling me that the owner was unavailable on weekends and that there was nothing they could do and they were in charge. At one point the argument about the price got so intense that they threatened me and my brother with an AK-47 when they saw my brother carried a concealed gun (which he never pulled out at all!!) I will NEVER AGAIN call this place and urge everyone to stay away!
1	I found these guys on Craigslist, and their English wasn't great so I wasn't able to find the company name or a Yelp review on it, and I wish I did.Really bad stuff - no hidden fee's right?  no, a 39.99 trip charge.  I was told only 22% of total hours would be the trip charge.  So aside from charging me extra lets talk about the quality of the movers.  Incredibly slow - spent more time talking to my female friends I had come help me organize my place then actually moving.  Took outrageously long breaks, took forever to do anything.  No sense of urgency.To boot, they forgot a piece of plywood on the truck that served as my bed support - had to spend another 80 bucks getting a piece of plywood cut and put in my bed.  Of course, when I reached out to Sam to discuss this, he went silent.  These guy's shouldn't be in business.  I'm writing a letter to the BBB when I get a chance.
