4	Serious hidden gem amongst the shopping mecca that is The Waterfront.  It's a historic building that used to be used for pumping (dah) water back in the dizzay.  Now it's beautifully restored to house some pretty great things!The Rivers of Steel operate the Pump House Market that runs on Saturdays and Sundays that have local food vendors and artists who sell merch.  It's a really great place to pick up local instead of shopping at the Iggle.The one thing I always think of when I go in there is how great it would be to rent out for a wedding or small event.  I'd say it would fit maybe 100 people comfortably, but it would be a really unique place to hold an event.  Looking for something different, this is the place!!
4	Looking at the Pump House and the nearby water tower they seem almost eerily quiet today.  Oh sure there's some hustle and bustle from the strip mall known as The Waterfront.  But these restored buildings seem to be curios--relics from another time.  Historic edifices for hosting events or special exhibits.  A rest stop if you will for cyclists on the Great Allegheny Passage Trail/Steel Valley Trail.  O' my friends, the Pump House and the water tower are much more than that.  You see, the Pump House was one of the focal points for the 1892 Battle of Homestead.  The Battle of Homestead is considered the most signifcant event in American Labor History.  The battle began just after dawn on July 6, 1892.  Henry Clay Frick, owner of the mill had locked out workers in a labor dispute.  He then closed the mill and fortified it.  The locals having named the mill "Fort Frick", broke into it.  There they met a garrison of Pinkerton agents that Frick had hired.  The agents had traveled up the Monongahela by barge and attempted to secure the mill.  A battle broke out between the workers and the agents.  When the Battle of Homestead ended, seven workers and three Pinkertons were dead.  Scores were wounded.  The Pinkertons surrendered, but alas, the mill workers may have won the battle but they lost the war.    You can read more about it here http://www.battleofhomesteadfoundation.org/battle.phpAs I paused on my bike I pondred the irony of it all.  Here was history's greatest labor battle and what occupies the site today?  A strip mall where you can buy consumer goods made in China.
4	We park at the pump house to start our bike rides on the Gap trail.  It is full of charm and history.  There is ample parking, there are bathrooms, as well as picnic tables there.  They host a market there on Sundays with local vendors.  We went inside and took in the history of the building.  Very interesting!
