4	Excellent service in a relaxed atmosphere and cosy surroundings. Well stocked bar manned by friendly & knowledgeable staff.Like its sister establishment on William Street (simply Teuchters) there is a restaurant attached (A Room In Leith). Although I've yet to eat there I would expect it to be up to the same good standard as the other A Room Ins in the city.
5	A lovely place next do the docks in Leith directly at the waterfront. Wonderful to sit outside on the (already mentioned) pontoon on a sunny day or inside at a window offering its glance over Leith and its wee "harbour".Delicious food, well prepared to perfection. Good choice of drinks. Everything served from well-trained employees.Worth a visit either for lunch/dinner or only a pint of Ale.What else to say? Go and check it out!
5	Does this cafe sell paninis? Then hell no, I won't go - I see the word panini and I think that a place is trying to sell a toastie above it's station and to use that as it's USP - when every single cafe sells em, I just don't want to be there. Yeah... when I get sick, I get super fussy about where I eat. I want comfort food that prescribes to exactly how I am feeling, right there, right then. Makes it a little challenging. Fortunately on this snot-filled Monday afternoon, we found ourselves driving through Leith, where dozens of cafes and restaurants have sprung up over the last few years as a regeneration of the area. Originally, we were heading towards Skippers, but Teuchters Landing and A Room in Leith caught our eye. The one thing I would say is that the layout is confusing - when intending to go to A Room in Leith for their Prix Fix menu (fyi it's behind the bar area), we ended up in Teuchters Landing. Not a bad place to be. A quiet pub with a strong emphasis on whisky (oh be still my fluttering heart) in a tiny side street, there were few people there and we were able to cosy up against the gas fire. Being a whisky bar, I was able to have me a hot toddy (how else to cure a streaming cold?), along with various samples from their mug menu. The hot toddy hit the spot perfectly on a cool October day for this feverish girl.The mug menu - yup, you got it - everything is presented in a mug. A mug of chunky chips (rock salt and black pepper - yum) served with chip shop sauce, alongside two small mugs of soup (a very tasty Cullen Skink (smoked haddock soup which for those not familiar tastes much better than it sounds with chunks of potato and chives in a creamy based broth) as well as pumpkin which had much more flavour than I expected a pumpkin soup to have). We also tucked into haggis stovies - vegetarian and meat-based. Personally I found the vegetarian stovies a little undercooked and not as amazing as the Cullen Skink, but my boyfriend tucked into the meat haggis stovies with gusto. Having eaten potato, potato and more potato for lunch, I left with a dopey grin and no handbag. Fortunately, the keen eyed bar staff had it scurried away behind the bar, having tried to chase us down as we left. Hurray for Teuchters Landing - next time, it's a date between you, me and your whisky selection.
5	Teuchters is my new favourite Sunday afternoon hangout.  My man and I walk along the water of Leith down to the shore, and head to Teuchters for a beer or a hot toddy (oh man they are so amazing here), along with a mug of grub.  On sunny days they have a great outdoor seating area where you can soak up the rays, and on the other 350 days a year they have a cozy fire inside to warm your bones.  Also in the bone-warming category is the gorgeous and impressive wall of spirits and the wide selection of whisky.  Their food, as another reviewer has said, is served in mugs.  I thoroughly enjoyed my haggis stovies and my guy LOVED his cullen skink.  I'm not usually one for oat cakes but we received a few to go with our food and man were they tasty.  I wasn't actually completely thrilled with our chips because I felt they needed a bit more seasoning, but oh well.  I just really like the feeling of this place, and every time I go here I take a look at the beautiful restaurant attached and think about how I seriously need to go there for a meal some day.  In the mean time though, I'm quite happy with my mug.
4	Visited A Room in Leith last night for an impromptu dinner with the boy. Our original intent was to visit Skippers, which was closed, so decided to walk a couple of feet and test out the restaurant that sits behind Teuchters, a tried and tested whisky bar that we both enjoy going to. There was definitely plenty to choose from - smoked trout and crab, or chilli and aubergine tart (both excellent) amongst the options for starters. For mains, there was a wide range of fish options, with a couple of vegetarian options as well as meat. I plumped for the vegetarian haggis, while the boy chowed down on some succulent sea bass and mussels in leek and cider sauce. Dessert comprised of honeycomb and stem ginger ice cream with vanilla shortbread (really, he wanted the shortbread and lots of it) washed down with a Heggies Riesling (very very nice dessert wine), while I checked out the cheese board, testing the waters with a Fallachan Superior Scotch Bland. For those not in the know, including me until last night, a Blaand is a drink made of why. And honestly, my first sip tasted of intense pineapple... and cheese! Not sure it would ever be a regular in my drinks cabinet though, but interesting to try out. Of course, if you are not brave enough to check out a Blaand, there is a massive whisky selection as well as various ports etc. to try. One thing to finally note - it's pricy, and the portions are small - although it was ultimately plenty, which surprised us both. I guess when you have good food, your stomach just enjoys it all the more. No need to super size here!
5	A cracking restaurant and bar with a fine atmosphere and food that hits the mark!Six of us sat down for dinner, starting by sharing a couple of dishes to whet our appetites... the Stornoway black pudding scotch egg and Sparl Brae Shetland blue shell mussels mariniere both hit the spot perfectly!Fish is a particular strength of this restaurant... I went for the monkfish, while my wife had the sea trout... neither of us were disappointed in the slightest! There is also plenty on offer for those not in the mood for fish... one of my sisters had the mixed pork grill and another had the pan roasted chicken breast... again they were both delighted with their food.The presentation and flavours are perfect... not too pretentious, but several steps above the vast majority of eateries.As a restarant with a bar the choice of drinks is very good - a comprehensive wine list and a fair number of real ales on tap... and not just the usual staples... guest ales feature well and complement the food on offer nicely.The only downside was that despite sharing only two starters amongst the six of us, nobody was able to stretch to having a pudding... although admittedly we were returning home to have birthday cake!
4	As we are exploring the canals in Leith, we come across Teuchters' floating deck and are instantly saddened that it has been raining all morning and shows no sign of letting up.  Doesn't stop us from poking our heads in to dry off over a pint, however.  I found myself drawn to the more cozy and compartmentalized pub section, while my traveling companion was more into the brighter restaurant section (had there been sun, that would have won).  A couple of pints in though and neither of us cared that much.  A little dark and somewhat of an obstacle course when busy, our thanks to the lone bartender who kept the beer flowing and the bar-food coming.  Like mussels?  You'll want extra bread for the broth.
5	I have to give another little handclap of joy - I love Teuchters Landing. After a crap meal out for our pre-anniversary anniversary (don't ask), Teuchters cheered us both up. Homely, warm, welcoming, what more would you ask for?
4	I can't believe that I missed Teuchters for several years - this is a hidden gem of a pub. Always warm and inviting with a great selection of whiskies and guest beers, and the beer garden is fantastic in the summer.The food is good too - the mug of chips are in my mind the best chips in Edinburgh.
4	We wish we could walk to Teuchters Landing but we enjoy it so much that we often make the trip across Edinburgh for the good beer, the fish 'n chips and the lamb stew.  We love the cosy atmosphere and it proved to be a good place to watch the Rugby World Cup in 2011.  When friends visit Edinburgh we make sure to treat them to a local pint here - and we haven't been disappointed yet.
4	I was slightly confused by A Room in Leith. They seem to have some weird Inception style of dining, a restaurant within a restaurant where you're not actually sure whether you're in Teuchters Landing or A Room in Leith. (Or if like me and you haven't been in Leith in ages you'll also be wondering where the hell the Waterfront Bar went.) We suffered this confusion before we'd even set foot in the building as we peered at the menus outside trying to figure out why they had 2 separate menus...never mind, we got there in the end! The bizarre March psudo-summer had driven us down to the Shore in search of some seafood. The conservatory area at the back which is 'A Room in Leith' was a perfect place to enjoy the sunshine without being caught in a cool breeze as the evening drew in. I love mussels, which is why I was so pleased to see them offered as a starter, problem is the half pot offered as its smallest portion was just way too much for one person. My dining companion had decided on a black pudding scotch egg so I was my own. I managed to make it through the whole pot, the mariniere sauce was divine, but I was totally stuffed after! If I'd know how big the pot was going to be I would have asked for a bit more of a break between courses. I was really disappointed that I only managed to finish half of my haddock and chips as it was so tasty. The fish batter was so thick it was both crispy and spongy at the same time and the chunky cut chips complimented a really beautiful flaky piece of fish.  I kind of wish I'd asked for a doggy bag now, it feels criminal to have let any of that delicious food go to waste.
4	A wee gem of a bar tucked in beside the Water of Leith!The bar has lots of little nooks and crannies, and whether on a bright spring day where you can sit by the water, or a cold winter evening cosied up to the fire, it really is the perfect place to stop for a pint!They have a great selection of beers, wines and spirits and also have a wonderful 'mug' menu for food! Definitely easier to serve mugs than plates...and they do small and large size mugs too! (macaroni, cullen skink, chips etc.)Stepping through to the back of the pub you enter into the 'Room at the Shore' Restaurant. The food here is delicious, good value and they have a pontoon on the water you can have lunch on (gorgeous as long as it doesn't rain!)If you're out walking the Water of Leith, or just having a dander around the Shore, make sure you pay it a visit!
4	A Lovely wee pub in Leith (one amongst many I assure you.) Has a vaste range of single malts for sale, as well as loads of tasty ciders and beers. The bar also does a range of food, but if it's a proper meal you're after you need to go next door to the restaurant 'A Room in Leith' for some of their delicious courses.I love hanging out in Teuchter's Landing with my girlfriend, it's becoming a bit of a regular haunt for us, mostly because of the chilled out and grown up atmosphere, but also because of the fun board games. Currently i'm the reigning battleships champion, however I lost my connect 4 crown after a bottle of wine and a whisky.The quality of the food served is mostly very good but not everything is a winner.
4	Based on all my frequent visits in the summer I can say I am very pleased this pub has 'landed ' in Leith (see what I did there.. ) With his bare red brick walls inside, mismatched chairs, stools and tables and floating terrace outside it somehow reminds me of a pub on the water I used to go to in Amsterdam, Holland. - It has a continental feel to it.Teuchters Landing has managed to win me over mostly based on their location. I am not too keen on the furniture inside, but then again I never much spend inside. A nice touch over the summer was the free use of suncream on the bar. As the place is a sun trap! OK the bar itself. They have whisky - loads of it.  - Too many to name, but to help out they have a whiskey menu list. Which is very informative and invites you to try not just one, two, but many, many more than you originally intended.. or was that just me? Beside the wonderful selection of whisky, they have a full bar with Scottish brewers on tap / bottle and your usual suspects from known breweries. The wine list is short (compared tot the whisky list) but has some nice ones on it. The staff has always been cheerful, efficient and very helpful on my visits and I can compliment them for doing a nice job. I did not have the food, but the summer menu looked appetising and seasonal. Their biggest attraction for me is the outside 'floating terrace' overlooking the Leith Shore area. You can be assured of a tan after spending an afternoon in that spot - which sometimes has table service. I recommend this bar for summer. Why don't I like this in winter? Because I like to be on a terrace and I don't like the inside so much that is why.
4	a rainy and cold wednesday night saw me wandering to teuchters landing to have a few festive drinks with some friends (who also happen to be some of the most lovely people i know).  while i huddled under my rather broken umbrella and hurried into the doors, i was greeted with a warm cosy welcome from the warmth of a fire and friendly bar staff.  being the first to arrive, shortly followed by the second person we ordered some beers and sat down at the reserved table.  it was in the corner of the back room, but right next to the fire which made it super warm (a plus for me as i absolutely hate being cold when i'm at a restaurant).  our group of friends tricked in rather quickly after that and soon we were all sat around with drinks and perusing the mug menu for food.now this pub does three things right, it's warm, it has a massive selection of beers and whiskey (you can get a hot toddy, how awesome is that??!!), and it serves you food in big mugs that adds to its cosy charm.  and the food, mmmmmmm.  i went for a pork and venison sausage in a hot dog roll and a mug of chips.  i had a wee debate over the small or large mug but the bartender convinced me to go small as the large is literally a pint sized mug full of chips!  i was quite glad for the small mug as the portion was just the perfect size to go with my hot dog.  now maybe this wasn't a gourmet hot dog, but it was super tasty and just what you want on a cold rainy night.  the chips were lovely and hand cut and seasoned and crisp and i enjoyed every last one!i definitely like this place, but i debate if i like it more because i had such a lovely evening laughing and catching up with friends.  and we did a lot of laughing, maybe a bit loudly for other tables but the staff never asked us to keep it down and even joined in on one of the jokes.  so this is a perfect venue if you're part of a group that may be of the louder variety.  hmm so yes, teuchters landing i like you and i like that you are near my flat and you have a fire place with a real fire!  i like that you serve my food in a mug and make me a hot toddy and enjoy a good laugh with your customers.  i'm looking forward to going back already.
4	This was the perfect pub for a gathering of friends to toast the Festive season before we all departed our seperate ways for Christmas. Admittedly the fire wasn't the open, roaring fire I had expected. And the space was quite small. Well, it's made up lots of smaller areas.But those are my only irks. And small ones at that. I'd say don't come here for the fireplace (I may have done) but come knowing the staff are friendly, the food menu is tasty and good fun - food in mugs! My venison hot dog was really good too, the bun nicely toasted, and the chips were chipalicious (chips are chips I s'pose). Lamb stew or pork and black pudding meatballs in a mug? Those went down a treat with my compadres too.It's an old man type pub, but a bit more lively. Traditional then perhaps. As Susan M says, it's perfect for a cold winter's night. I don't know Leith that well, especially the pub scene, but I'd wager this is one of the good one's right up there.Nice food, nice staff, nice range of drinks, definitely check it out if you're in the area.
4	Lovely wee place tucked away in Leith selling decent beer and good pub food.  It's a bit of a trek to get to it but once there I found it hard to leave and happily ignored our increasing bar tab while flicking through the Saturday papers and making the most of the free wi-fi.  Our table was next to the fire in the front room and as the place started to fill I realised our little corner was prime pub real estate. When we eventually wobbled out, there was a mad rush from all corners to nab it.Food-wise we had the fish curry and the hotdog with a side of fries. The curry and fries were offered in two portion sizes - small mug or big mug - and I opted to go large for both which turned out to be a bit much for lunch. The small mug looked just a tad small though.  The hotdog was an artisany type venison number and came in a bun that could have been made to measure.  Lesson to be learned here Ikea! No embarrassing protrusions to be found at either end!Staff were really nice and added to the sense of a well run and welcoming local. This pub is dog friendly (to friendly dogs) and while we were there they managed to accommodate quite a few furry little friends. I'm a huge fan of this kind of accessible laid back approach but it might not be everyone's cup of tea.Well worth a return visit.
4	Had dinner here as a group of 6 earlier in Jan. D and I arrived uncharacteristically early thinking we would have a drink in the pub but finding no empty tables we decided to go through to the restaurant and just have a drink at the table while we waited for our friends to show up.We were shown to the table then left completely to our own devices for about 20mins until I got fed up and waved my arms around until I finally got someone's attention to come over. It took us 3 tries to get drinks as they didn't have what we wanted the first 2 times... (I hope this is due to no deliveries being made over the Xmas/New Year period, as otherwise they have a very poorly stocked pub!).  *Not a good start!*Things went slightly more smoothly after our friends showed up but with many of us settled on the scallops & fish, we were told they were out of scallops... *GRRRRR*All the food was fabulous, so credit to the kitchen! We each had 3 courses and there wasn't a complaint from anyone. Wine list is fairly extensive with a good range of prices. Drams of whisky & glasses of dessert wine were devoured without hesitation.Would return for the fabulous food although the service was a slight letdown. Can't remember what the bill was but remember everyone saying it was good value for money considering we weren't shy with the drinks!
4	Cozy pub with lots of rooms/nooks & crannies! I almost want to call it a small pub, but it really isn't! It's just divided up into little rooms...Had a few drinks after we'd had dinner at a Room in Leith. Atmosphere was lively, they seem to have quite a large range of beers/ciders/wines/whiskies - so something to please everyone!I spotted a collection of board games as well which always earns brownie points. Would happily head back again!
4	A really enjoyable lunch was had here, plated up in two mugs (of all things!). The pub offers a great selection of food measured out in mugfuls, so I opted for a small mug of lamb stew and a small mug of chips. I was ticked to receive my lunch in said mugs and tucked in quite happily. The lamb stew was absolutely amazing - I will be back to eat this again. Chips were seasoned perfectly, crispy and came with brown, tomato and mayo sauces. One thing to point out is that I was torn between mug sizes - the small looks awfully wee and the big looks do-able. Unless you are a ravenous individual I'd go for two small mugs (main and side); they filled me up on the good side of full and are considerably cheaper than the large options. The pub itself has a cosy, family feel to it. It's quite snug, so if it gets busy it will be hard to sit down. Sprogs and dogs were equally happily catered for, and it's right on the Water of Leith so quite a pretty location too. Plus, there's a roaring fire. I was snug as a bug in a rug with my mug.
4	Teuchter likes TeuchtersMy cousin has a special button on the till here, a special rate for his beer, it makes him happy, but saddens me because he won't stop talking about it....This is a great pub, with very good staff, it's in a great part of leith, and serves as a great stop off from one end of leith to the other. The location is just one of many positives about this place.The beer selection is exemplary, a few permanent fixtures include personal favourites Jarl by Fyne Ales, Ossian by Inveralmond and one of the best beer moves ever, they recently kicked out Brewdog's Punk IPA and brought in Cromarty's Red Rocker which was my Beer of 2012!They do a nice bar food menu where everything is served in Mugs. Macaroni cheese, Haggis Stovies and Lamb Stew all help you to balance out the efffects of their fine beverage offerings. A very good selection of wines and also a good range of whiskies, all further serve to prove that the guys involved here really out some thought into what they are doing.Open fires and a big screen TV for the big sporting events make this arguably the best pub in leith...I only have this 4 stars as there is something missing, I still don't know what it is... Maybe you can tell me?
3	Going against the grain here, and I promise it isn't just to be different, but I found my meal here rather average. Maybe it was an off day - I'll certainly give it another go - but I even struggled to pull any inspiration from the menu in the first place. Dishes like Lemon Sole, Haggis Bridie and Chicken Breast all seemed a bit ordinary to me.At the end of the day it was a toss up between the Lamb Plate and the Pork Shoulder; easily the two titans of the menu. The coin went up and the Pork won the call.To look at it was lovely. A gorgeously presented meal that I was looking forward to LITERALLY (take note everyone!) sinking my teeth into. The Apple Chutney and Balsamic Gravy had a satisfying amount of zing, and the Spring Onion and Rosemary Mash was the stand-out element of the dish. But the pork, although finely pulled and crumbled to my liking, packed little in flavour or seasoning. For the key element of a dish this is a massive factor.Coupled with the fact it took the staff - again fine and friendly for the mostpart, thus securing my willingness to return - ten minutes to A) return after asking for the bill, and B) return again to actually take the card payment, only added to my frustrations. Why they didn't just hang on another couple seconds, or even ask if we were paying on card, could've saved us 10 minutes of sitting about and getting annoyed.So a below-par experience for me. But like I said, perhaps it was an off day.... for them or me, I don't know. Sure I'll give them another crack of the whip in future... after all, the missus is a fan!
4	A lovely little pub next to the shore with an outside seating area. The food here in magnificant and it definaltey gives you then homely feeling with with a comfort food menu. Drinks also good here and i love the little quicky areas you can sit, almost like a little maze. Their are boardgames in the main bar area and the staff have always been friendly whenever i have visited, one of my favourites at the shore
5	Best fish and chips in Edinburgh! Love this place, excellent taps also. This pub is an essential part of a chilled out Shore weekend.
5	Incredible! I'd highly recommended the pulled pork roll so juicy and tender, bbq sauce on the side thankfully. My mates loved their food of chicken burger and fish and chips (batter very crisp & light)  went on a Wednesday night with two mates. It was extremely busy so had to que for 10 mins. The staff weren't flustered which I thought was very professional. awesome selection of whisky didn't get a chance to quiz the staff on their knowledge but I'm sure they'd be good. Great selection of cider and beer especially local beers and lagers. outside seating great for a sunny night. Sofas and big screen TV for the footy too. A definite must for locals and visitors to the city for a great night. Xx
3	Can't seem to be able to write a seperate one for Room In Leith...but this is one!Booked early evening for a later on table because the sun was shining and we thought it might be busy, being on the shore with outside tables. It wasn't. And the THREE outside tables were occupied. I'm sure there's an answer to this question, but seeing as Room in Leith and Tceuchters are the same business, why can't RIL have the tables outside the restaurant that are currently occiped by smoking and drinking Tcheuchter customers right in front of RIL? Seems like an ok compromise given that Tcheuchters outside space also takes up the whole rest of the canal front and that they'd only lose about 10% of their tables on the waterfront. And those customers would pay for food AND drink, if premitted the space? Maybe it's a licence rule thing. But as it is, this lively, long establoshed eatery has 95% of its tables indoors when more are available and those outside are smoked to sickness by folk all around them drinking cider and smoking fags for hours on end. A waste of space, literally.Besides that, we enjoyed our starters; good mussels and lovely, huge, fresh oysters, but we waited far too long to order them and for them to appear, given they only had 5 total tables.  The bread was at least a day old, awful. Mains of sea trout and hake took at least 20 mins from clearing to appearing, with the place still not getting busy. Both fillets were overcooked to the point of sturdy bounciness. There was a mayo of some kind on my plate that I literally couldn't get on my fork or even finger because it was SO congealed it was just solid and slippery,,,,,poor cooking. The hake was MEGA smoked and cooked for far too long so as to render it an unenjoyable meal. The trout too was well done and small, and the crab butter pointless since it was melted away when presented. Toilets were a mess -dirty and broken and just needed about half an hour of work to fix. Shame.Our wine was good for the price and we enjoyed it. Service was bitty and felt amateurish. We both felt as though we were in a Highlands cafe or restauarnt where the local schoolgirls get jobs.....but probably that's just us being snobbish. I'd maybe take my granny there because she likes a well cooked fish, but otherwise won't go back. It's not a cheap night out.....
