5	Vegas Hid is a great place to get your old headlight exchanged to a new set. I have a 98 Toyota and the headlights were so dimm and yellow after all these years, that I could hardly see where I was going. Leo and his crew installed a new set that is awesome. The workmanship and service is outstanding! They will do just about any type of repair also. I trust no one else to do my repair since I have gotten burned once too many times. You can count on Leo to do an honest job and not eat up your pocket book, he has reasonable prices for an outstanding job. Thanks Leo, I will keep coming back to you until the wheels in my Toyota fall off from old age! Lu
5	Vegas HID is a great place to get HID kits and installation. I have a 2013 mazda 3 and  got an HID kit with installation for a really cheap price. Gave them a call during the week and got an appointment within the next two days. Waited less than an hour for installation and I must say I was really impressed. I had installed HID lights on another car from a different place and took 3 hours. I can honestly say this is the only place from now on i'm going to trust with my cars on performance parts and HID kits. Highly recommend.
1	Vegas HID was very easy to deal with. But that's where the good news ends.Had my 2013 Kia Optima fitted with HIDs.  Was told it was $110 installed. No problem. Get there and it's going to be $145 because it needs an extra part. ...Okay. still not a problem. I figured, quality work, quality HIDs, $30 isn't going to make a difference.8 months down the road my car goes nuts. Took it to my dealership, they told me that there was a short in my BCM (Hello $500 part), caused by aftermarket electronics. Luckily for me they warrantied the part.  I was told by someone at Vegas HID that their assessment of why the short happened was "crap, and that dealerships just say that to get money out of you".  Took it on good faith that these guys knew what they were talking about.When Kia replaced the part everything was great.  UNTIL MY BCM SHORTED OUT AGAIN THE SAME NIGHT IT WAS REPLACED.This time the short was able to be traced to the HIDS.  The Ballasts got too hot and started to draw too much current.  Now, ordinarily this isn't a problem, because when I called Vegas HID they said that the Optima should always be installed with an accessory relay harness to prevent this problem.  When I went in to have them put it back to stock, and remove the HIDS.....mine had no relay harness. Ballasts got too hot, pulled too much current, and POP goes the BCM.  When I called, just to let them know that I had to pay $500 out of my own pocket because their low quality crap ruined my computer, the response I got was "ah man, sorry to hear that".....really? Me too. They did nothing to reconcile the problem, when clearly they're the ones who screwed up.  Thanks guys.Do yourselves a favor and steer clear of Vegas HID.  Thankfully when they took out my HIDS they gave them back to me. Those promptly went to the garbage.
5	Vegas HID had everything I wanted . I came in with intents of just getting an HID kit installed . I knew they had one year warranty so that's why I went with them . I was then informed that they have optional lifetime with just $25 so I was stoked and added that . Plus I got my led license plate bulbs I've always wanted . Highly recommend them for all your lighting and performance needs .
