4	This location is located inside of the Westin hotel and is open 24 hours a day. Because that is the first thing I need in Vegas at 4am is caffeine. The location was not crowded and there were plenty of seats too. I think they also might have free wifi because there was a lot of laptop activity going on here. The oatmeal was good but they only filled it up about 2/3rd's...felt like a total rip off.  I put it on my list to never order again. The room had coffee in it, so I made my own every morning.  I did pick up breakfast here every morning. The turkey sandwich was good and I also liked the bluberry vanilla fiber bar.  This place also had the cold double shot...one of my favorite Starbuck items!
4	This Vente iced latte really hit the spot on a 109 record-setting day where I was tired and needed to sit and rest. This location isn't too crowded and provides for a quiet, simple atmosphere within the Westin.
3	Coffee and smiles in the morning. A great start to the day ahead.
4	Sometimes at the little places, like inside the hotel, these kind of Starbucks places are more like the red headed step child of the others. I can confidently say this location fits in with the rest of the family.They have all the favorites and classics. And they are open 24 hours! If I am staying at the Westin again, I will certainly be stopping in for an overpriced, high caloric coffee that Starbucks is known for.
4	Sometimes craziness strikes me and I push myself to attend work out classes at 6am even though I went to bed late. Then their are times that I might be going completely insane and attend two classes. Unfortunately, they never fit back to back and I have a large lag time in between. The combination of lack of sleep and early wake up made it clear that I needed caffeine. At 8am, I was able to avoid the morning rush. The store was almost full, but I found a spot to sit and read the newspaper. A grande Americano will only set you back $2 and change while not ruining all the efforts of the gym. Passing up on those pastries prove to be difficult, but a sugar spike was not on my agenda. At this point, the cashier could guess that I was struggling to not give in. She didn't push it and I was in the clear. The staff members are efficient. A second after my money was in the register, my coffee was on the counter. With the mellow sounds of Seal drifting above, I was ready to pick up and head off to yoga.
3	pretty much your typical starbuck's. It's in a casino so some mornings there were people sleeping at the tables, but I guess that is to be expected in vegas! When we arrived before 9 it was usually pretty quick, but 9 am or so the line started getting very long and very slow.
5	@6:15PM, 6/28/12. Greeted by a  smile and jovial banter, made our feign for caffeine delightful and the Iced Caramel Macchiato was good too.
3	Fast and friendly service, but the coffee in my latte tasted bitter and burnt.
3	This Starbucks is located inside of the Westin Causarina Hotel and Casino.  Since it's not a regular Starbucks it doesn't accept your Starbucks phone apps or give you stars.  Big bummer for me.As far as service goes it's okay, they are not the fastest if there is a line building up, but they usually are friendly.  The selection of food items can be limited and that again can be a bummer for me too.Overall, it's an okay Starbucks, nothing special.  It's not a legit Starbucks so you don't get your Gold card perks either. :(  Also I think it is slightly more expensive that a normal Starbucks too.YELP REVIEW CHALLENGE #23/31
4	I particularly like this Starbucks- the Barista was funny and friendly- always makes for a great start of the day!
3	It's a Starbucks, what more can you expect? The location is decent, inside the Westin hotel and it only gets crowded in the morning hours. There is comfy seating, you can also take your drink over to the bar area on the first floor or sit at one of the slot machines.
4	I give this Starbucks four stars because it's considerably bigger than a usual Starbucks that you find in casinos - most of the ones around the Strip are the Target-sized Starbucks.  You know what I mean.  This one is almost normal-sized.  Also, the lady who worked behind the counter was nice and cheery and commiserated with me about the change in style of the 'You Are Here' mugs.. the old blue ones are definitely better, right??
5	This Starbucks gets five stars just for being open 24 hours every day of the week. I was just recently told by someone that this location was inside the Westin and it was open 24/7. The staff is friendly and attentive also.
4	Soooo I apparently checked in at the wrong location but did drive by this location - it is a good spot and anything open 24 hours on the strip is a smart thing.I went to the one at Flamingo and Paradise which is an amazing spot, easy access and really cool!
1	After standing in line for over ten minutes, we left.  Slow, slow, slow.   Located near the parking lot on the way out at Planet Hollywood.
