3	This follows on from my scathing review of the location on Bell road.  After cleaning the review I sent it into their corp office and had a phone call within a very short time. I declined a meal at the same location.There's something about praying to the porcelain god that puts me off a repeat performance.Side note: When the Yard house stiffed us I suggested they give the cash to charity, a waitress or anything since we wouldn't be going back there. Seemingly they can't so I gave it to the first person that answered my FB status. In short I don't want free anything I just want them to carry out their half of the deal and let us pay for, eat , and enjoy our food without rectal ramifications. We ended up accepting a try out at of another Lone Star just off I17. I Didn't hand the letter from corp office to the manager at the start since we're  not interested in how  "special cases" are handled.   It's kinda a mixed bag. The server was really good, great with the kid and  timely with the delivery , checking and asked all the right questions. Steak not cooked correctly  but they do ask everyone to check and it came back great, really really good steak. Yet the transposed orders of the baked potato ( barely serviceable)Wrong kids meal , chicken strips instead of cheeseburger combined with a slowish service wasn't selling us future visits ( they are under 5 mins from the house)  They did take care of us by making up some soda to the kid's specs, not bad for a 3.5 year old to get a custom drink. It's 2.5 rounded up to 3 for experience . E.g  staff 4 stars, food 2 :)
2	Food was fair, but drinks are overpriced for the type of restaurant it is, and service has been very disappointing at times. Once I waited 20 minutes before my waiter acknowledged me and my drink order was taken. You might just do better going to Outback Steakhouse almost next door. Or, better yet, Fajitas a few blocks north.
4	I have had good and bad times here. Good times out weigh the bad for sure. Today I used a $15.00 coupon that they sent me for my b-day. I had an 11 oz sirloin med rare wedge salad with blue cheese and chicken tortilla soup. They also serve peanuts and bread before the meal arrives. All the food was excellent, cooked as ordered and perfect flavor. The staff was good, a little slow but the bartender had a large togo order she was finishing up. Another waiter helped her by taking the order. GREAT MEAL especially since it was free. LOL
4	Tuesdays are kids eat free!I had a great classic burger. Hand pattied chuck grilled to meduim with american cheese and the fixins. Served with a wedge salad with some great blue cheese dressing. Even the bun was great. It hit the spot. My daughter had chicken strips extra crispy, lol I guess she likes em like this. Served with the peanuts and the bread it was a great meal.
3	The waitress Monica was verify friendly and attentive.  The burger was pretty good but nothing really noteworthy.  She gladly took my lunch coupon (got to watch those pennies now days) and when I thought the total was missing the deduction for the coupon she pointed out to it without making me feel stupid for missing it.  It took a bit to get the burger, but with her friendly service, I would be willing to stop in a again during my work lunch.  The restaurant was clean, they could have turned down the country music drawl a bit, but I think its part of their culture.
2	Not consistent. We have celebrated birthdays here for quite a few years, but the dinner we had on Sunday was not great at all. They made us wait 30 minutes before taking our tables order. After ordering, everything came out pretty quickly. The food, I had the Steak Kabobs, was not hot. I would say lukewarm. I ordered the kid's Steak Bites for my son, and the meat was well cooked, but again, not hot. The rolls, which come when you get your table, were tasty. The special desert they gave my mom and brother was ice cream with Hershey's syrup. Not good. See, just not consistent!
