4	This is the tire shop I usually use to get flats repaired.I took my wife's car in a couple of days ago due to a slow leak in one of the tires, and was told, as well as shown, the screw that was causing the problem was right along the tread/sidewall.  I agreed with them that the tire, which only probably only had a few thousand miles of life left, was unrepairable. Since the other tires were in similar shape, I decided new tires were in order.  After doing some research on my phone, I was able to find a Low Rolling Resistance (LRR) tire which got good reviews, and Firestone price matched the lowest price I could find locally.The tires, which were in stock, were mounted, balanced and installed on the car then the suspension alignment first checked, then aligned.   After my decision to buy the tires, I was out the door in about 70 minutes.  The service writers were friendly and the price quoted was the final price paid.  When the lifetime alignment was offered and I declined, they did not to badger me.  They just cheerfully told me that if I changed my mind within the next 30 days, I could add it at the quoted price by just paying the balance between the one time alignment and the lifetime alignment.The waiting room was clean and comfortable with Direct TV (with remote) available to help pass the time. The restroom was spotless.I was out the door with this transaction at $805.00 which I was comfortable with.Because of the continued good service, I went back this morning to have the 32" Mud Terrain spare tire on my Jeep Wrangler mounted on a new rim, and balanced because the old rim had been damaged in a mishap.  I went over to the Peoria Cafe across the street for breakfast and by the time I returned, my spare was on the new rim, installed back on the spare tire carrier and the tire was neatly dressed using an "Armor All" type product.  Total cost out the door for this rim switcharoo?   $17.35.  I think that is a great value!
3	I've taken my car to Firestone for many years. I used to go to the one on "2858 W Peoria Ave, Phoenix, AZ", but since I've moved to the west side of the valley, I now take it to this Firestone. I took a tire there that was pretty bad and wanted a new tire put on. Well the original tire was about $160. The new tire the guy wanted to put on was $199, The original tire they had used previous was no longer being made. So I said fine. He also wanted to add lifetime issue, which I declined. Not paying another $35 to insure a damn tire. when I got there one other person was being helped. Took 10-15 mins for him to finish. The guy behind the counter doesn't seem to have any assistants to help him if the place gets crowded with customers. So he finally gets to me and takes the tired. I come back later in the day to pick it up the tire. The guy is now on the phone with a customer. Talking... talking...talking...talking. Another 15 mins go by before he gets off the phone. I tell him he needs to get an assistant who can work on the cars and then come in and help behind the counter when it gets busy. I needed to pick up my daughter at daycare. Wasn't expected to wait 15-20mins listening to you on the phone. Guy didn't say anything. No apology, nothing. They do service my car fairly well. Never have any issues after getting it back, but their customer service is terrible.
