5	I donated plasma here for the first time today and i must say its a very fast paced busy environment. You basically have no waiting period. The most i waited was like 5 minutes. Byt maybe it was because i was new. Still i will definately be coming back here. You also get compensated for your time. If youre looking to donate this is a great place to go. Friendly and welcoming enviroment just make sure to have three forms of ID(drivers license, utility bill, and social).
1	Absolutely horrible. We were told this process was going to take an hour or two (bit of an inconvenience, but hey - I can deal with it), but ended up waiting nearly 5 freaking hours until we finally decided to just leave without donating. The whole time we were there, it honestly felt like we were being punished for wanting to get a little money for contributing to a good cause. Oh, and here's the kicker: After sitting around watching an MSNBC program with the grainiest reception imaginable for about 3 hours or so (my phone was dead shortly after arriving), someone decides to turn on an Xbox 360 I previously didn't know about, go to the Netflix app, and boot up 'The Expendables 2'. YOU MEAN TO TELL ME YOU PEOPLE HAD A MULTIMEDIA DEVICE THE WHOLE ENTIRE TIME AND YOU'RE JUST NOW TURNING IT ON?!?! No organization whatsoever among the staff, and is basically a giant circus with drug-addicts and hoodlums as the main attraction. The only reason I went was because my girlfriend needed a little extra cash for end-of-the-month bills, and I told her I'd do it with her for support. I thank God EVERY day that I've never had to sit in a place like that and go stir crazy for hours on end just for a little bit of money.
5	Great place, first 5 times is 50 bucks. After that 20 for your first donation and 40 for your second of the week, this place gives new meaning to blood money.
1	This place is super sketchy. It's not in a good area of town. Everyone in there looks like a junky that's already used to shooting up, so sticking a needle in their veins is no big deal. There was no sense of direction, nothing. A friend of mine decided we wanted to donate our plasma and make $50. We walked in, and the place was chaotic. To our left, there was about 10 people standing at a kiosk. Next to them was 50 people in line waiting for god knows what. Then to our right there was a desk, and passed that was a waiting room. My friend went up to the desk and told the guy (young Asian guy with glasses) we were new and weren't sure what to so. He was immediately annoyed. Asked for our id, proof of residency, and social. We handed them over and he said we needed to get our veins checked out. I said my friend took phlebotomy and she said I had good veins, just trying to be friendly and start a conversation. He rolls his eyes and said, "well be the judge of that."  Well excuse me! We sat down in the waiting room and cops was on. Everyone in there looked like they probably came from an episode of cops. About 6 of us got called back to get our veins checked. The asshole Asian dude was there, and he was complaining to the guy checking us that he had no reception, and when he did get reception it was shitty. Umm, aren't you NOT supposed to be on your phone at work?The back room we were at had everyone donating plasma. It looked really sketchy. None of the phlebotomists in there looked happy, or like they even cared. 90% of the people donating looked like they were gonna take the money and go buy some dope as soon as they were done. My friend and I decided to leave. We had a really bad feelings and decided that risking getting HIV or hepatitis c was not worth the $50. We will not be coming back or recommending this place.
4	I have donated plasma in Minnesota for years so I was glad to find a place near me. I knew the first time being a new donor was going to be time consuming. The lines move along quickly and I play games on my phone while I wait and while I donate. The only thing I wish is that they would have a few more kiosk machines to register but it is what it is. The TV'S are always on Football or good movies to pass the time.  The pay is good for the first five donations:$50 each but then there after is based on your weight. In Minnesota they didn't have that provision. I feel the staff is friendly and I do know that everyone has good days and bad days but I have had nice staff. I do not look like a person who has been on the last episode of " cops " lol. The screening process is to protect the Center and the donor..being truthful of your history and health is a must. I will continue to save lives twice a week here without fear of disease or the look of the people who donate( in a previous comment those two factors were  her fears). I feel the Center has the donors well protected wearing gloves, wiping down the beds..tho I have had to ask a few times to have this done if they are super busy. GREAT PLACE!!
3	What exactly is plasma donating? Good question! Since, I am too lazy to type it out I will include this link http://www.donatingplasma.org/donation/what-is-plasma  If you're a new donor it's going to take a while because you have to do a physical and they need to make sure that you're healthy enough to do so.Make sure to bring a book to occupy your time.PointersEat foods that are high in protein/ Iron spinach,beans,peanut butter,and LEAN meats, Take iron pills/ multi vitaminChances are you'll be dog tired after you donate.
5	my first time ever donating plasma.  i read the other reviews and was kind of nervous.  the only negative comment i have is that it took awhile. but in terms of staff they got 5 stars all the way around. they were friendly, helpful and informative.  bre hooked me up to the machine and she was awesome.. at the end i started to get lightheaded and dizzy etc. they were on it... made sure i was ok.. unfortunately i didnt get the other names but thank you very much.. they quickly made me feel better and i wasnt worried.  i would recommend CSL and the staff.
5	Help save lives and make some extra cash.. how can you go wrong? Not as bad as some people made it out to be. The staff's cool. Make them laugh and they'll make your experience pleasant. Make sure you come with a full phone battery and a positive attitude. Oh, and if it's your first time, bring plenty of patience and have nothing to do for a couple of hours..
2	1st time donor.went at 6 am to donate went through video,handbook,questionare.Had to come up with 3 forms of ID.had my blood iron tested.checked for needle marks.then at last last step before donation after 2 and a half hours of waiting and going through the process.the physical what medications are you taking I take Lithium.Lithium was not on any posters in the handbook or advised as a medication that will interfere with blood donation.you would think to save the staffs time and mine they would have that information readily available at the begining.SO IF YOU TAKE LITHIUM ANY DOSE THEY WILL NOT ACCEPT YOUR DONATION.you have to be off of it for 4 months.hopefully i save another patients time.because i was told we have thousands of clients we cannot tell them all before the process.YES YOU CAN IT SHOULD BE ON THE LIST OF DRUGS POSTER OR THE QUESTIONARE.its wasting the donors time and your staffs and that costs your buisness money.Hopefully they change or include this in their prohibited list.=(IF YOU TAKE LITHIUM YOU CANT DONATE AT ANY PLASMA DONATION CENTER.Taking lithium is an automatic 6 month deferral until after you stop taking the medication. Lithium is bound to plasma protein and interferes with plasma processing. found this online.
3	It's not as bad as some of the over-exaggerated reviews say they are. We are being compensated for donating plasma, so it makes sense that hella people are here. I'm giving it three stars because it is super rachet and smells dirty.   Tip: Just come early in the morning (6 am) and you can be done within 2 hours minimum.
