5	A great daycare with affordable prices! My kids have been at Imagination Station for years and it is a great place to have your kids. This is NOT like the typical chain daycares like Tutor Time. This feels like a homey place, a friendly place, where your kids are not just a paycheck to the staff.Recently, my children's mother wanted to have them go to a new daycare to try it out (she had insurance that allowed for a few days of free daycare at one of the bigger chain daycares). I am the one primarily doing drop off and pick ups for daycare and upon entering this other chain daycare, immediately compared it to Imagination Station. The staff were nice, but felt very formal and "on the surface".  They had all the latest gadgets for checking kids in and out, computer scanners and such. The rooms were fine, but felt a bit cluttered to me (note: I am school teacher so i understand about classroom clutter). The rooms just felt a bit small as well. Upon picking the kids up, their jackets were missing. They looked around but couldn't find them. I pressed them to keep looking as it seemed like they were trying to shrug it off, saying "oh well, they don't really have their own cubby yet so that can happen". Well i'm sorry but that is not an acceptable answer!  After about 10-15 minutes of looking in many different rooms, finally a teacher said, "you know what? I think maybe another parent took home their jackets by accident." They said they would try and get inn touch with the parent. Indeed, a few DAYS later, the jackets were returned. In the meantime, I couldn't just go and buy NEW jackets so my kids had to wear the smaller ones from the previous year. Overall, it was just not a good experience.At Imagination Station, this has happened and begin that it is a smaller place than the chain daycare mentioned above, they were quick to see it wasn't there. They immediately called another parent about it that had a similar jacket (as they remembered) and the very next day our jacket was back. Heck, one time I picked up another kids jacket and I got a call within a half hour that there was a mixup. Imagination Station feels like you are getting hands on care for your children while these chain daycares just do not feel like that (and yes, my kids did go to that chain daycare, once a week, for about five weeks straight so this was not a feeling i developed after one visit).If you are looking for a daycare where the staff care and have an interest in you and your family, this would be the perfect choice. If you have to keep up with the Joneses and wish to spend more money for a name brand daycare, go ahead, it's your money. I can throughly recommend Imagination Station as a place to take your kids to!
5	My child has been attending IS for over one year now (since he was 4 months old) and we are constantly impressed with the care and professionalism of the staff. Our son loves his teachers and has learned so much from them. Some other great aspects about this daycare are that they provide breakfast, lunch and snack, they do annual pictures, it's privately owned and the owner is always on site, the ratios are smaller than the State of AZ's requirements and their cost is lower than other places - but they offer more and the care is quality. The selling point for me at this place when I enrolled my son, was that a very large majority of the staff are moms. They know!
5	My child has been going to Imagination Station for almost 2 years and we are very impressed with the staff and curriculum. My son learns so much from this day care. In fact when he is around others his age he is more advanced. He often shows off what he learns from IS. The tuition is affordable and the owner is on site. They are quick to respond and will answer questions or address concerns immediately. About 90% of the staff are moms also - enough said! As a mom this was a huge selling point for me.
5	My wife and I love Imagination Station, our newborn son started there as soon as he was old enough to be in the nursery. Now he is in the Toddler 1 class, his experience has been wonderful; he learns so much and is excited to go there to see his teachers and friends. They taught him sign language, and he uses it, we always know when he wants more food because he signs to us for "more." When he sees his teachers he puts his little arms up to hug them and be held, this alone makes Imagination Station a part of our family. We initially lived 5 minutes away, when we moved, part of our criteria was that we wanted to be within 15 minutes of the daycare. I drive past several other daycares to get to Imagination Station, it is worth it, because for our son this is the place for him, the people there make the difference, I could not imagine going to any other place.
4	All 3 of my kids have been and will be prepped for Kindergarten here.  Some longtime staffers of 5-11years are here.  Reasonable rates plus an annual vacation week from tuition!  Major holidays acknowledged with programs and celebrations for the kids.  I've met lots of other moms through my kids here. Parking can be challenging during pick up times and when there is a rare event at nearby Changing Hands, which is handy for the  Pre K kids for story time.
