3	Les Trois Minots is quite warm and pretty actually, and it's got some good heart. The space is located on the main drag of St Laurent Boulevard, it looks closed up but it opens whenever they have shows booked and the clamped down exterior belies the well-lit coziness within. I wish it could be open as a bar and performance space all week long, but I understand there could be lots of reasons why this might not be feasible. Size-wise it fills a gap in our salle de spectacles options - it feels fine and cozy with 50 but can squeeze over 200 to even 300ish I suspect (don't ask me if I know this for a fact, gosh officer I couldn't tell you.) As a show space it's got a lot going for it - nice high stage in the back of the room facing the door, another high raised area near the door so folks in the back have an excellent view, plenty of seating, all good sight lines, and layout-wise it seems easy for the sound tech to do a good job. Prices for renting the space are negotiable and fair.
3	Decent. Gets ugly when it gets crowded--it rarely is, so they don't really seem prepared (inadequate seating space, etc.) but a nice place for a few drinks and a band.
2	OK when it's dead, but once it's crowded, it's a shitty place. If you expect to sing, don't get your hopes up. You're more than likely going to have to put that song up like 5 times before you can sing it. They seem to have no system to deal with more than 20 people.The bathrooms are also disgusting. No locks on either women and men's bathroom. Dirty and broken as well.
3	This place is hilarious. It was dead when we went here but there was just one group of friends monopolizing the karaoke. It seemed like a fun place to actually just do karaoke and drink. It's small and kinda divey place but the bartender seems like fun and there's no expectations! We definitely were having fun for the 15 minutes we stopped in for shots.
4	This place is really cool! When I was there, the Barman was actually the karaoke guy too so it was pretty hectic! Everybody is welcome to sing with the people singing onstage and it's not frowned upon as opposed to some other karaoke bars in town.
1	So, ever wonder what it is like to drop nearly $200 at a karaoke bar, not have your song played at all (during a two hour time period), but see the table in front of you (who arrive later), buy one pitcher of beer and get four songs played? Well, this is the place. Absolutely the worst karaoke bar I have been to. They don't do a "first in, first out" system. Instead, it seems as if the guy doing the karaoke only selects by what he wants to listen to. So if you are putting in a song that he does not like, don't expect it to be played. Singing in the shower is a better alternative to this place.
