4	Look, I'll be honest: I'm a vegetarian. Am I a heretic for reviewing a burger joint? Maybe. What I'm really here for is to point vegetarians toward Burger De Ville's portobello mushroom burger. And by that, I mean you can order any burger on the menu, and replace it with a big hunk of meaty non-meat. I ordered the Noir & Bleu, which featured a slab of grilled blue cheese smouldering over a savoury mushroom. That's the thing with being a vegetarian, we don't necessarily all want to be eating chick peas at every hour of the day. Sometimes I want a juicy, dirty good burger! And I want fries with that too! Luckily, Burger de Ville have some solid taters.
5	i'll be honest: i'm a carnivore. they grind fresh beef and hand-form the patties here and burgers are 4.50. this is why i frequent burger de ville. the quality to price ratio is very high - one of the truly cheap and good restos in the city. go all out: bacon cheese burger. you ask for it cooked medium - it comes served medium. much better than other 'gourmet' burger places who charge more.
4	Best burger in Montreal IMHO. Fries also excellent AND if your not feeling up for a burger you can have a reasonably priced steak...
4	Great burgers! There's no other way to say it. They make hamburgers, and they make them well. Fun experience!
4	I went with a friend and she told me it was THE spot for Ubisoft techies at lunchtime. I was a bit skeptical.. but wow! what a nice discovery. I'm veggie and there portebello burger is awesome, there fries spicy enough and the price, forget it! You'll have plenty of $$ to party after:)
4	Solid burgers.  Nuff said
3	Real and juicy patties, cooked just right.I had the Saint-Paulin burger : a bit on the stale side though.In my opinion, this place lacks that little something special compared to Mr. Steer's burgers.
4	The only discrepancy I had with the burger was with the "lettuce" - they use mesclun - little dainty baby salad leaves nestled atop a big fat burger is totally wrong. Albeit, it's not a big deal, when you're grunting and eating meat cooked over fire, the only kind of vegetables that should be involved is scenario is ketchup and bacon. Burger deVille is a palce for solid burgers, the kind your fat uncle makes for the family barbeque in the summer. Nothing fancy, you go here cos you want a burger, a good burger, a good burger made the way you like it.
4	Best burger joint in town. Very cheap and extremely delicious.
5	Great cheap burgers. Free toppings!!! 5 stars!!!!
1	This place gets 1 star for 1 reason...the only good thing about this place is their vanilla milkshake. Service? Horrendous. Food? Totally mediocre. Atmosphere? Odd. Service was horrendous because the owner (I think) was very rude to my friends and I. We wanted separate bills, and yes there was 9 of us but so what? The "owner" then in an exasperated voice, complained that it's slow to do it individually. He changed his mind and agreed saying it was going to be slower that way. He was also rushing us when we ordered and seemed to be stressed....this guy had no control over his emotions whatsoever. Always complaining to the customers...My burger was huge, which is fine, but it tasted nothing special. I think I prefer burgers at Mcdonald's to be honest.Atmosphere was supposed to be a "classier" feel to it...more upscale than a typical burger place. But it was just weird for me...probably because the service totally warped my perception on the ambiance.Never. Again.
3	Could be great but they don't even ask for a cooking point! Instead they serve you actually great meat as a piece of charcoal in such a speed that you can only be sure that it has been cooked already before you  have arrived... Shame, cause as I said nothing can be said against the quality of the meat and they have a creative variety of tasty flavors to go with the burgers which is as true for their toppings as for their sides!
4	Of so many burger restaurants in town, this is my husband's favorite burger place! He likes his patty barely cooked ('blue'), so he was so happy to find a burger place that does it. There are ample toppings to choose from at no extra charge, good buns, good sauce and the spicy fries are yummy. The restaurant is clean too, although the decor is a bit old fashioned - it looks like a very large version of your grandparents' dining room. I'm also not a big fan of dine-in restaurants that have tile floors. Makes me feel like I'm eating next to the bath tub. In any case I was won over by the man serving at the counter (he seemed like the owner or manager); when I was ordering my fries, he said the single serving was big enough for two people, so we just needed to order one. That was very kind of him!
4	I'd heard good things from my bro-in-law and a co-worker; so on Saturday I went for a late lunch there.I had the Hamburger Steak with fries, grilled veggies and sauce. Good size portions; and the taste more importantly was good too. I'm not a sauce fan but ate 2/3 of the cup served with the steak. The fries were nice dry and crispy, well-drained. The small poutine was not really small. I'm sure the large poutine is all one could eat as a meal.My steak actually arrived cooked medium, most places I order medium rare and end up with medium well or well done.Not being in the downtown core, the space was a treat.The concept of ordering at the counter then sitting at the table to await your meal makes this place half way between a fast food and table service restaurant. No problem for me.Great value, I'll be back.
3	Went on a Saturday evening, we were expecting table service, but instead you go to the counter, order, pay and they give you a number and deliver to your table. While they display meat in a counter, they never ask you how you want your burger done, which suggests that they are using pre-ground meat, and can therefore only serve it well done... or as I call it, over done. The burger was too thick for my liking, personally. The poutine was nice, but definitely not a generous portion, even considering that we ordered the large.I understand the understated delivery system during the daytime, but maybe one side of the dining room should offer table service in the evening?
3	We walked int this place on a Saturday night around 6 PM only to find the place completely dead, with a few mere clients sitting down and the counter available to order. So we proceeded to order right away. I'll quickly admit however that I'm not a fan of the way the order process works... where you order at the counter, get given a number and have to find your table "available".And when I mean by a table "available", I mean not used by other clients, being actually clean, without previous client leftovers or not missing chairs.The service was not up to par to clean them and we clearly experience it during our visit with our milkshakes being brought to us almost a full 20 minutes after we ordered. The burgers arriving close to the 30 minute mark after we ordered at the counter.But there was only a few clients ordering... so what exactly is going on?I also got nervous when I realized that they never asked us how we liked our burgers and being not a fan of "well done", I dreaded getting my food.Eventually, we got out burgers and they were quite tasty. The meat was medium and my toppings were there. The milkshake was very good but not the best I've gotten my hands on.The cost isn't where it needs to be and I think it's a bit more expensive than it should be. However, Burger de Ville is a solid burger joint in my book. The meat is fresh and they have a huge selection of toppings to choose from.Drinks are large and the refills are free for those who wish to know.
4	At the Original Montreal West - Westminster N. Ave. location.Imagine this: A thick fresh hunk of lean Canadian ground beef, crusted with crushed black peppercorns cooked to perfection (for me this is Medium Rare but you can have it your way, too) and topped with a generous slab of blue cheese along with all the fixings. Everything is home-style fresh, from the tomatoes to the caramelized onions made, I think, onsite All this is assembled into a picture perfect burger, with fresh black poppy-seed buns to contain it all.  Sink your teeth into the jaw popping sandwich and happiness wash over you wave after delicious wave.Then, have a peanut oil deep-fried french fry and flutter into the bliss of blisses.Fountain soda refills are free, service is small-town friendly. Absolutely wonderful place to grab a hearty and nostalgic burger!
4	2nd time here, burgers are always tasty and made from fresh beef. That they claim and I believe it is true; You will taste the difference.
3	We were referred by a friend and decided to finally try it out and all and all the food was great. I'm veggie so they have the option to change your patty for a portobello which I had some reservations because sometimes the portobello is way too thick and your burger becomes very chewy. It came out great! Well cooked and thin. My boyfriend had a regular burger and extra ribs for 6$ and he was plenty satisfied. The only thing I would complain about is the lack of music. It ruins the atmosphere completely.
4	highly recommended. fresh cut fries, fresh meats, friendly service. i will be back. juicy burgers!!!, i love it when they drip like this!
1	I went in at 830 on a Saturday and got a burger to go.  The fries were good but the burger was probably the worst I have ever had.  I could not taste the meat because it was overpowered completely by a black charcoal burnt flavour that was disgusting.  Maybe the grill was dirty after a long day, but it was the worst.   To be honest, and this may be paranoia.... I noticed the young guys at the grill kept looking over at me while they were making it, and I think they gave me a gross burger just to f@@@ with me.  I say this because, when I took the burger apart to inspect the insides to see why it was so bad,  there was a very small red hot pepper That I Did NOT order, hidden Under the burger.  Gross burger that I feel they made badly just for me!  Thanks for nothing
4	Really good burgers with all the toppings you want for only like $7. And they're pretty big too.My only issue is that their fries are great too but they don't do like a side of fries. Their fry orders are huge. Their poutine is also good both regular and tex mex. I often get that alone as a meal. The tex mex isn't too spicy either. I've heard mixed things about their ribs. I also have not tried their steaks but they look good and a decent size. Great milkshakes too and their drink selection has some variety. Beer too. During lunch hours it's sometimes a super long line upwards of 30 minutes. Kind of annoying when trying to get back to the office quick so you need to be there before 11:30
4	french fries were awesome and our burgers are so tasty.
1	My boyfriend is extremely allergic to peanuts. I mean he could die from this.So we entered into this restaurant that is pretty popular and that serves common food.No mention nowhere to the oil. Not on the door, neither on the menu, neither on the counter.No mention from the staff.We ordered a poutine without mentioning the allergy (our mistake too). After one bite, my boyfriend asked the guy what oil they use. The restaurant uses peanut oil for their fries. The guy was truly sorry and offered to refund us. But we immediately left the place. Thankfully, everything went fine for my boyfriend.Conclusion: just say it. Write it somewhere, like some asian places. You can't guess as a customer. And sometimes you forget to ask. It's not that you don't like the ingredient. The ingredient can kill you. We will never go back there. Ever.
