5	I was impressed with the atmosphere at this dentist's office. The staff was super friendly...but not fake. Dr. Fulcher was gentle, professional, and made me aware of everything he was doing before he did it. I will actually look forward to my next trip to the dentist !!
5	Absolutely blown away by the friendliness of the staff and professionalism of Dr. Fulcher. My wife and I brought our two year old daughter in for her first dental visit to repair a chipped front tooth. She was very scared as soon as she sat in the chair, but Dr. Fulcher did and amazing job talking to her and helping her settle down. He worked quickly to repair the tooth and did an outstanding job. I didn't think it would turn out so well considering the damage but it looks perfect. The wife and I are extremely happy and highly recommend Dr. Fulcher to everyone. Thank you very much!
1	So in the end, I think I received decent filling work at Town Square Dental but the overall experience is bizarre & painful in terms of billing (still in dispute to this day) and the wait during treatment.  First the treatment, you know it's not a good sign if the dentist is overbooked and bouncing in between 3 patients at once.  In my case, all patients were adjacent to me and the dentist was frantically moving from one to one after finding a stopping point.  I'm also very iffy about doing major dental work here.  The recommendation was that I get a root canal and crown all in house.  However, my 2nd opinion refused to do a root canal because the root canal was on a molar and she referred me to an endodontist.  Good thing....because it turned out I had 5 canals in that one tooth.  Now billing was an entirely different beast.  Since I have Delta Dental insurance all dental dental providers provide the same prices.  Some how this establishment DOES NOT. This is the only dental office I've been to whose billing statements do not match my insurance statements.  After I clearly overpaid and their billing statements still indicated I owed money.  I came into the office with all my statements showing the overpayment.  The front desk couldn't answer my question and told me to wait for the billing lady.  The billing lady asks me to e-mail her all my statements, which I did.  I receive no e-mails back or calls back for a month.  I've tried calling again and again but she has never returned my phone calls.  I've only received a single sentence email from the front desk saying the $30 I owe has been waived as a courtesy but nothing about my overpayment.....It has been almost 4 months to date....I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND COMING HERE.
1	This dentist is a crook! Glad to see his office has closed! I sincerely hope he has retired and gone back to title loans or used car sales. I went to him a year ago and he told me that I had 6 cavities. I had only had one my entire life! When told that with my insurance it was going to cost nearly $900, I held off getting the work done. I moved out of Gilbert and just went to a new dentist. Crazy enough he didn't find a single cavity!!! My new dentist has a large monitor in front of you that shows you your X-rays and everything he writes in his exam. I will never again go to a dentist that doesn't do the sane thing!
5	Dr. Fulcher and his staff were very friendly and knowledgable. Not only was Dr Fulcher good with adults but my kids loved him! I would definitely recommend him and am glad to find a dentist who really cares and knows what he's doing.
5	I've been to the dentist off and on for the last two years and had wisdom teeth out and had a cap put on a cracked tooth.  The staff has always been very friendly and knowledgeable and they make visiting fun and easy.  I'd recommend them for anyone nearby who is looking for a good dentist.
5	Dr. Fulcher and his staff were very friendly and knowledgable. Not only was Dr Fulcher good with adults but my kids loved him! I would definitely recommend him and am glad to find a dentist who really cares and knows what he's doing.
