3	the ice cream is solid, tasty and fresh. mix-ins are mostly fresh - once in awhile you get stale tasting candy or brownie but not very often. i'm annoyed that in order to have a good amount of anything in your ice cream you have to order double mix ins. the place is likely extremely profitable, charging just over $10 for 1 medium and 1 small bowl of ice cream with 2 mix-ins each.staff at this location are never very friendly and ordering is painful. i honestly wish i could make my own rather than dealing with the uppity high school students applying a 4th layer of lip gloss and are more interested in who's dating who and what party they're going to after they get off work than engaging a customer.the weird names for sizes, "like it" and "love it" are annoying and awkward to say. i ask for a small and the employee always corrects me: "you mean a like it"? whatever. i don't know what a "like it" is, but i know what a "small" is.i really preferred this chain 15 years ago when it was a mom and pop facility with paper signs, helpful staffers and better atmosphere. today's coldstone screams corporate america. it's just ice cream people. there's just no reason to overly standardize and corporatize ice cream.
5	Oh the pie who loved me! Who in their right mind does not love cold stone creamery?. the only problem I can see is that I can actually hear myself getting fatter. =-(
3	We've got these on the East Coast so I knew what to expect.  My family sent me a gift card to here for my birthday (really???  you want me to die an early calorie induced death?) so one day after work I decided to indulge to get rid of some stress.I swear my face tingles from the sugar when you walk through the door of this chain.  Everything is beyond rich.  If you're getting a cone or something make sure not to get more than one scoop or you'll probably develop a case of diabetes.  The ice cream cakes are pretty good but are expensive.I'll stick with fro-yo in the future for sure.
4	I used to be anti-Cold Stone, but I've changed my stance since moving nearby and getting it way too often due to my girlfriend's cravings. Yeah, that's it, I'll blame her for our weekly visits. We started going to this location about a year ago and the trend always seemed to be pissed off, teenage high school girls with neck tattoos behind the counter hatefully making your ice cream. It was especially nice when they felt the need to complain about their miserable lives to the customers. But ya know, I learned something from one of them one day. It sounds to me it was the owner or manager of this location that was the bane of these poor girls' existence. So ya know what, I'm on their side now. But that used to be the trend. Over the past few months there seems to be a happier group of girls working who don't have neck tattoos. They are more upbeat, positive, and don't complain. They make damn good Gotta Have It sized specialty ice cream bowls. Enjoy!
5	Ice cream done my way? Yes please!I love cookie dough but don't like Vanilla....and this is the only place I can do that!The staff is friendly, the lines are never too long and I have yet to have a reason not to come back.The ONLY issue I have is I would like coupons more frequently. Will not ding them a star, but worthy of mentioning :)
5	Could their be a better way to blow through 700+ Calories in one sitting? Ya, I go "Gotta Have It"!I constantly see the owner of this one in the store, and it shows! The staff is very friendly and accommodating. And, a big one for me - bathrooms are clean!If you have never tried a take-home cake - might I suggest the Coffee House Crunch ...  you will not be disappointed.
4	I love Cold Stone.  I was all for it when they first started.  I mean you take ice cream and your favorite candy, and you mix it all together!  Come on people!  I think all of us created Cold Stone in our homes before the store came out.This is a great location near my home.  It is a good thing and a bad thing.  Good thing for it being close and bad thing for it being close, especially because the wifey loves ice cream.  The staff is great and they also have delicious ice cream cakes.  It may be a little pricey, but nothing beats ice cream in the summer...especially in Arizona.So give in, make your way to your local Cold Stone Creamery, and enjoy some candy in your ice cream!
4	Went here for the first time yesterday with my mom around fish. It was quite busy but we didn't have to wait at all which was nice. The store is actually a good size and there is a good amount of outdoor/indoor seating. It was actually really cold inside-or maybe it was the ice cream I ate. Quite disspointed though from the small amount of ice cream flavors they have compared to other Cold Stones' I have been too. Other than that the prices are good for me, two small ice creams from $7!
2	Awesome ice cream and amazing flavor combinations. However, the service was something to be desired.The two workers (in their teens/twenties) were very unenthusiastic, detached, and even rude. My group and I were very friendly and tried to even converse with them. I understand people have bad days but it was enough of an issue to leave a bad taste in my mouth regarding the whole visit.I love ice cream and like Coldstone, but I don't like feeling unwelcomed.
