2	Meh.  That's a good word to describe the hour I spent at "An Affair To Remember" today... They say "you'll just know it" when you find that special dress, right?  Wrong - the only thing I knew was that I wanted to get the hell out of there!Don't get me wrong - Leigh Ann - the associate that helped me was very  nice and all, but the store itself was nothing special.  They carry just two designer lines of dresses (Maggie Sotero and Casablanca).  I originally made the appointment because I liked a dress I saw on the Maggie website.  But, once there, I didn't find any dresses that I really liked.I will say, prices are reasonable (compared to some others I've seen) at "An Affair To Remember."  Dresses range from $650 - $2000 if I recall correctly.  I wouldn't be surprised if they drop lower than that as it sounds like this place may be going out of business pretty soon.  Could be a good place to find a deal if that is what you're looking for.No deals for me though... the search continues!
5	The service at this store was amazing and the saved my wedding dress shopping experience.  The first store I visited was I do I do and it was horrible.  The service at An Affair to Remember is awesome.  They are very knowledgeable about their dresses and are a full service store that stands behind their product.  As the previous review states, they only carry two lines but they are decent lines with good quality dresses for reasonable prices.  If you like Maggie Sottero or Casa Blanca then this is a wonderful store to visit.
1	I ordered my wedding gown on June 15, 2009 with the promise date of October 27, 2009.  At the beginning of November I started calling to check on the status and they kept giving me push back and stating that they had to call the manufacturer.  They would not call me back and I had to call them and they would state that they did not have time to call the manufacturer yet and would get back to me.  This happened for weeks.Then at the end of November, I received a phone call early in the morning and they left a voicemail that their number had changed.  I called the new number to inquire about the dress and was told they would have to call the manufacturer!  And the cycle continued.  I started threatening that I would come to the store everyday if I did not get an answer about my dress.I was told that the manufacturer was back logged and I would have my dress by the new year.  Well I called yesterday and found out that the store went out of business!!!!  I can't get a hold of the owner and the new number they had given was the alteration shop next door!  The old number has been disconnected, the store is closed and their website is down!My wedding is three months away and I am now stuck disputing to get my money back, trying to get Maggie Sottero supervisors to help me and devastated that the dress I had planned my entire bridal look, bridal party look, etc may not even be a possibility anymore!
