3	This review is for their first preview performance.  I am taking into account this was the first show before an audience.  That being said, what i saw last night was an OK show with some promise.  It's in the PH Showroom on the second floor of Planet Hollywood Hotel and Casino.The show begins with good use of the large LED screen installed for Peepshow years ago.  There's a black and white video of Sydney, Australia with views of the Harbour Bridge and the Sydney Opera House along with some skyline shots.  The video continues until the day turns to night and the lights of the city are on.  That's the beginning of Sydney After Dark.  It's a nice video to introduce the ladies from Australia.The show starts with lead vocalist and MC, Natalie Conway, singing an opening number and the nine girls coming out from archways on the stage that have hanging crystal lines.  From there, the show continues though a number of traditional topless show scenes.  While not named, I have my descriptors for them--the naughty school girls, the cowgirls with whips, the nurses with the male patient (audience member), a classic showgirl kind of act, and some others.  In between, there are two aerial acts, a woman performing with some silks and another act with a woman doing tease like moves riding in a hoop above the end of the runway center stage.  The women are not topless all the time which is fine.   Except for most of the singing, the music is recorded.One of the things that needs looking after is transitioning scenes.  The three school girls were almost in their seats when the spots were turned on and two stagehands with their headsets were still on stage from moving the desks into place.  They hurried off the stage.  The transitions need to be done in the dark like all theatre so the lights come up on the women, not stagehands.  This same error happened a second time near the end of the show.As for transitions, there were times that the people sitting around me and I were not sure an act had ended.  When the dancer(s) started walking upstage and the lights dimmed, we then knew that this section was over but there were times when I wanted to say, "Huh?"  One section that did nothing for me was the sole ballet dancer.  It's not needed and It didn't add any tease or seductiveness to the show.There was also a number where three ladies dance one behind the other to Indian sounding music and move their arms and legs like Hindu gods are depicted.  My suggestion would be to move the ladies closer to each other to add to the idea of one being having multiple arms and legs.TIP:  Do NOT buy the most expensive seats in the floor section near the stage.  When the theatre was redone to accommodate Peepshow, three walkways were built out from the main stage and many times the action is taking place behind the person sitting up close.  There were some unaware that there was a woman in a hoop above and behind them until the lights got their attention.  And there are times when those same people turned around to see not topless women but the rears of the topless women.  Be aware of that when you buy.There are a number of deals available for discount tickets--a Groupon and a code on the Sydney After Dark Facebook page.  The show is OK.  It can be better and it needs to get better if it's going to succeed.  This theatre has chewed up and spit out a number of shows.  This could be just one more.
4	Great show with good production values. The lead singer is sensational and can really belt out her songs. Production values are good. The dancers are very good and natural beauties, for those who care. I agree with the other reviewer that the transitions between songs were, at times, a bit difficult to discern. I am sure they quickly go from one number to the next to keep the pacing of the show moving along. Music choices were great, mostly modern pop and rock with a hint of EDM. Very cool and kept the girls moving.
2	This "topless" show was definitely more comedy than it was sexy..... and they didn't even have a comedian. It was comedy watching the people in the front center tables trying not to choke to death on the endless barrage of smoke. The poor guy in front probably missed half the show as he was covered in smoke. It was also comedy watching this show as the awkward transitions between songs never stopped and the song selection at times was so ridiculous that it was hard not to laugh. Oh and about those "topless" performers. You have a better chance of seeing topless girls walking the strip. This nearly hour and a half show has about 3 minutes of total topless time. Yes... topless time. I understand trying to cater to women but there are plenty of other shows on the strip that do that too and manage to actually be way more provocative. By the time the girls were removing tops the scene was ending. Look... I get this isn't a strip club but why do you think guys come to the show? It's certainly not just for production value and dancing. Planet Hollywood needs to move this show to a smaller theater if they plan to keep it... the theater was 90% empty and it was ridiculously quiet.The show gets two stars because Yelp makes me give them 1 and the girls from the show deserve the other. The girls are beautiful, the choreography was decent and the singer actually has a pretty solid voice. If Planet Hollywood and the production team got their acts together this show could actually have a chance. But PH has become the kings of tossing out any show possible to see if it sticks so this is probably just the next in line.
2	You would have no idea which show I was referring to if I said I saw it in Las Vegas and it starred a group of fairly attractive women doing dance routines to prerecorded music while topless.  That not only describes "Sydney After Dark", but also current strip shows like "Fantasy", "X Burlesque" and "Crazy Girls".  Australian accents aside, there is nothing new being offered here.  As I watched the prerequisite cowgirl scene, I wondered how/why THIS had become the formula for Vegas topless shows?  Maybe having a girl that sings makes it classier than a strip club?  There has to be a more creative way to present half naked girls!  Oh!  They have a girl in a leotard doing an aerial scarves act!  That was so cool and original like 10 years ago but a snoozefest today.  A topless comedian would have been much better.    Keeping with the Aussie theme, they dance to mostly native artists from the "lahnn daahn undah" like AC/DC, Tina Arena, Sia and INXS.  I can only guess their sultry version of "Locomotion" was inspired by Kylie Minogue.  They even did an aboriginal routine which left me feeling cultured and educated.  That's a lie. The few people in attendance (15% capacity at best) were all moved up to the best seats so buy the cheapest ones if you're going to pay.  I would recommend "Fantasy" at Luxor over this.  The girls are hotter!
4	Very entertaining and tastefully topless show that has something for everyone!  Includes vocals, dance, aerial silks & aerial hoop.
4	I should preface that I got comped tickets to the show.Sydney After Dark is in former Peep Show theater inside Planet Hollywood. Peep Show was amazing and it shows that this theater has the potential for an awesome show. That said, Sydney After Dark was decent at best. First (producers if you are reading this- pay attention), they are absolutely strict about cell phones/cameras BEFORE and during the show. Everyone is warned as they're escorted to the seats. The couple next to me was trying to take a picture before the show began and was warned that they could get ejected. I completely understanding hurting the "atmosphere" during the show, but this basically kills any free PR/word of mouth/social media exposure! And hence, the theater was only about 25% full.There are 10 gorgeous Australian barbie-like girls that goes through a variety of numbers. I felt that most of the numbers are too short and they really lacked any "wow" factor. Yes, they hit the basic of song and dance, but there really isn't anything memorable. It would have been nice if there were some sort of ticket signing/photo session at the end of the show (again free PR!).At a basic ticket price of $60, I don't feel that it's worth the money. Either up the performance or lower the price.
4	Sydney After Dark seems to be a cross between a mega showgirl show like Jubilee and a low rent topless show like Crazy Girls.  What it does well it does very well, but because it's doesn't seem to know exactly what it wants to be, it doesn't completely succeed.First, the positives..the set, sound, lighting, costumes are first class and beautiful.  The dancers are lovely and the singer is great...it is a beautiful show to look at.On the other hand...the size of the theatre, including both the stage and the seating, overwhelm the show.  It needs to be in a smaller theatre such as the Saxe to give more intimacy with the audience and because it seems unlikely it will sell out a theatre the size of what the Blue Man group commands.  "Jubillee" can manage it but it has 30+ cast members and lots of novelty acts. " Crazy Girls" and "X-rocks" is on a tiny stage with only 5 dancers and one comedian. "Sydney" has 10 in the cast and 2 novelty acts and would be best suited to something in between those other two...unless it wants to go full Jubilee and expand the show to match its setting.The numbers are well done but the show doesn't really build to anything and doesn't really have a coherent theme.  At first it seemed this was something I would expect to see if I were in a showroom in Sydney...but then they stopped the show in the middle to make an audience member an honorary Aussie.  I think it wouldn't be a bad idea to go further in this area, but then the motif of the show should change to make more of the individual acts Aussie themed...get rid of Madonna and Lady Gaga and use more Austrailian music and settings and explain them and they can more completely separate themselves from the other topless shows out there.Still a fun night but could be better.
1	Oh man. This show was beyond corny and the husband and I finally gave up and left early. I hate to be so negative, as all of the ladies were lovely, but they clearly didn't have much to work with. I'm pretty sure my old high school drill team could have equaled this performance. This is Vegas, I feel like there is a standard that this show doesn't live up to. If I could have gotten my money back and made it to another show I would have been happy. This show was neither hot nor worth the price of the ticket.
4	After reading all these reviews, I am a little surprised at the negative ones. I can't quite figure out if I am just not that picky or they are too picky...anyway, I really liked the show.I have seen a ton of these same types of shows in Vegas, and I left feeling like this one was very enjoyable. I liked everything about it really. Frankly I thought the girls looked fresher, had more energy and seemed like they were having a better time than some of the other showgirls that you know have been here in Vegas a long time. As far as their body types, I liked the fact that they all looked natural, I find that much more attractive than the overly siliconed type.I thought the dancing was very good and I loved the girl that did the aerial ribbon and hula hoop stuff. Her balancing on the "peg" things was awesome! I think my favorite number was where 4 of the girls danced on the side of the stage, against the wall, then switched to the other side against the wall? Great description I know, lol, but it looked very sensual and sexy. The only negative I can probably agree with is there were a ton of empty seats which can feel a little weird, I guess. The theater is probably too big for this show and would feel more intimate in a smaller venue, but aside from that I had a great time :-)
