3	Although about the same size as its East side counterpart, this new Goodwill location isn't quite as nice. It had price signs posted for certain items, but then they were priced individually - and much higher. Not only that, but having been to the East side location on the same day, I knew the same items were priced very differently there. The store associates were a bit unaware of the customers, as well. However, as this location just opened in the last month I'm really giving it the benefit of the doubt. It's arranged nicely, is a great big space, and has lots of potential. I think it just needs to work out its kinks.
4	I have not ventured to the East side location that the other reviewer (Laura Kate) was referring to, but I've been fairly impressed with this location.  It's not huge, but I've found some high quality items here:  coffee table books, kitchen accessories, and high end clothes (Banana Republic, Dockers, etc.).  Another thing that I've found Goodwill great for is board games.  You will want to check that all the pieces are there, but a lot of times I've found games that are practically never used and cards are still unopened.  Most of these are $1-2! If you can get past the stigma of second-hand shopping, you can find things for a steal here, and other Goodwills.
2	I've found this location to be really hit or miss - some of my favorite things have been purchased here, but more often than not I walk out with nothing. Quality and pricing can really vary here. My biggest issues are with the shoes. Non-sneakers are $3.99 unless otherwise marked (so says the sign).  I love shoes, buy tons, and at $4/pair, it's fairly guilt free. Today I put back TWELVE pairs of shoes that were all marked between $7.99-14.99. I would have spent $48 had they not been obnoxiously overpriced and with the price irritatingly marked with a silver paint pen on the bottom, at that. Instead, I walked out empty handed. I use to go to Savers weekly til they jacked up their prices and I haven't been there in months. Please don't go that way, Goodwill! Keep your prices low so your stock moves quickly and we all come back more often! That's also known as the formula for a perfect thrift store.
