3	This used to be my preferred chinese food spot, but quality seems to have really diminished. Don't get me wrong, it's still light years better than many places, but it just isn't the same anymore. Kinda like Ladainian Tomlinson.This location is clean, modern and nicely decorated.  If you haven't been, Red Bowl is a fusion gourmet style asian restaurant. Prices are a couple bucks cheaper than PF Changs but preparation here is a little more traditional. Since it's fusion, you can get everything from Generals Tso's, to Thai Basil Chicken, to Sushi and even Singaporean noodles.Red Bowl is still good, it just isn't great anymore. But their $5 lunch specials with tea, now that's greatness.
4	I'd say 3-3.5 stars, but there isn't much other good food in the area.  Sushi is good and asian fusion dishes are decent.  Lunch special is worth checking out, but I wouldn't drive out of my way for this place.
1	It was average in atmosphere. Not busy or even steady for lunch on a weekend. The hostess and waiter appeared they wanted to be elsewhere every time I have gone. I can cook better than this place. So this is a definitely will never do again. I'd rather do fast food to get by instead, not a place to take a first date or any date.
3	The best way to put it is, this place is what it is. Its super cheap and you get what you pay for. At least they have a full bar!! If you want take out type Chinese that has a little better quality then regular Chinese take out joints than this is your place. I will definitely go back and recommend that you try it at least once. Its the best place to go for Chinese if you don't want to spend a lot of money or if you don't feel like being over crowded at Pf Changs.
5	Amazing food!! Always friendly!!
4	I've been to 3 different Red Bowl's and I've decided this is my go-to place for a quick, consistent Asian dish.  Each location seems to do a great job with creating specials like Bento boxes for $11, 3 piece rolls for $3, and half price sushi after 8pm.  I like a good sushi deal and that fits the bill for me.  Service is hit and miss depending on the location but this one in particular seemed to be just fine even though they seemed a bit understaffed.  I've noticed that places that require their waiters or waitresses to bus their own tables seem to have slower service.  Hmmm.....In short, Red Bowl is a solid option for a quick bite when you are trying to avoid drive through fast food, etc.
5	This place is very convenient to my house so I stopped in one day to check it out. Ever since then i keep going back. The place is never super packed so you don't have to wait too long to get a table and the service is spot on. I only had to ask once for anything i needed and the refills/replacements kept coming without me saying a word. That to me is great service and means an excellent tip! The bento boxes are such a great deal and the food is delicious! Very flavorful and healthy portions. Try the egg drop soup, it's perfect! I always leave stuffed and have never been disappointed. They have amazing sushi specials and the sushi is fresh and taste great! i hope more people check this place out because I'm sure it's a little underrated compared to the more popular places uptown.
4	The food is good! I enjoy the Singapore rice noddles.
3	We had a good lunch here today. My biggest disappointment was the little pepper icon that let you know if a meal is supposed to be hot/spicy really let me down. My Red Curry Chicken was delicious, but a pretty mildly spiced curry sauce. It had zucchini and probably a whole onion worth of onion. No complaints at $5 with a tea, spring roll and fried rice. This was our first trip here and seems like a decent lunch stop if you're planning on getting groceries at Harris Teeter or the Walmart and don't want to shop on an empty stomach.  Their menu had plenty of choices that peaked our interest, but i'm guessing the $5 General Tso's is next on my list. If we do come back for dinner, i'll finally get to use that coupon in the Entertainment book.
1	Twenty minute wait for wonton soup.  Never received refill on drink.  Jumbo shrimp overcooked.   Advised server.   No apology.  Server can back 5 minute later and removed dish from bill.  Overall a bad experience.
3	I genuinely like Red Bowl. Everytime I go to eat there my food is fantastic. I always get a bento box with california roll, mongolian beef, miso soup, and brown rice. The service is always a little slow but most of the waitstaff is really nice.  Last night however I ordered takeout. I ordered the mongolian beef, my favorite, and the curry shrimp, my moms favorite. When I got home I realized my mongolian beef didnt even LOOK like it did when I dined in. Not saucy and it didnt have as much flavor. My mom said that her curry shrimp was normally not as runny as it was either. So I guess this place is PERFECT for dine in up don't order to go because they dont seem to care as much about the food then!
5	Excellent food. I like the chicken wings. Tempura spicy sushi it's fried. House lo mein extra spicy is my husband favorite. Thai basil chicken is my favorite entree. I eat here twice a week.
4	I really like this place.  The spider roll and other sushi items are my favorite!  Excellent customer service.
4	I love this place for their sushi. I usually have the Crunchy Roll, Red Bowl, and the Spider Roll. The sushi tastes fresh and some of the best I've ever had. Additionally, sushi is offered at a special price ($3.99) on Wednesdays! The dining area is warm, cozy, and offers a nice environment to conversate with friends and loved ones. I really enjoy eating here and always ask for Krystal as my waitress. She is overly eager to please and my tips always reflect her service. The only drawback about this place is that it can get busy and you may wait a few moments longer to be seated at times. Other than that, excellent bistro!
3	Prices were reasonable, but the food not that impressive.Sushi roll didn't have much fish in it, and the bourbon chicken was only ok, and would have better if had more veggies, like broccoli, etc.It still gets 3 stars because for a cheap chain one doesn't have high expectations.
2	Been here many, many times. Liked it a lot when they first opened. Good sushi, but they have become very inconsistent with the rest of the dishes on the menu. It's gotten to where we get a good meal only about 30 to 40% of the time and now usually leave disappointed. Money is best spent elsewhere.
2	More buffet quality, than cooked to order.  I've never been impressed.  Find yourself a family owned "New York Style Chinese" restaurant and you'll be much happier.  If you're looking for a half step above mall food court chinese, then this is your place.  But who wants that kind of experience?  Not I.
1	We hadn't visited this location in quite sometime. Went there Tuesday, 1/8/13, no wait time to be seated. For 15 minutes, no one came to our table to get drink orders.....absolutely nothing! After waiting a few more minutes, we got up and walked out. WILL NOT BE BACK!!!
4	We go once or twice every couple of months. The food quality is pretty consistent and what you would expect for a place like this. I have never gotten a dish that i was disappointed about. The Singapore street noodles are great and the egg drop soup is fantastic. We can get out with a family of 3 1/2 and pay less then $30. A+ in my book!
5	Love it here! I have been coming for a couple of years and it never disappoints. Hot n sour soup, Pad thai and red chicken curry are my favorite! Friendly service &  nice ambience
2	I went to Red Bowl the first week they opened and have been a semi-regular patron for all these years.  The quality has been up and down over that period of time but mostly wavered between 3 and 4 stars with a brief, early foray into 5 star territory.I have not written a review, mostly because I thought I had already reviewed them which turns out not to be the case.  A couple of less than stellar meals recently have made me put pen to paper, or finger to laptop key in this case to give my opinion of this long-lived Westside restaurant.  I remember when this space was a hardware store, so I have a long history here but I will limit my comments to the most recent visit.My wife and I ordered takeout from Red Bowl for dinner and the ladies at the front desk were efficient, and very nice as always.  They have never messed up our order and are always very close in the estimated time for the food to be ready.  Aside from one "creepy" waiter, all the staff are usually nice when I have sat in the dining room.The food...We got potstickers which were limp, not fried, and cool to the touch.  The dipping sauce was right out of the fridge cold.  The eggroll was cool, not fried nearly enough, limp, and worst of all tasted like old grease.  Hot and sour soup was a hit, great balance, hot and spicy with lots of goodies.  House Lo Mein had a good flavor and was hot but the noodles were too soft, and the shrimp was way overcooked.  Beef and broccoli was about as good as you get at the average buffet, beef was tender and flavorful but too much sauce and very salty.I hate to see this place go down hill but with the great number of good Chinese restaurants in this city, I refuse to go down hill with them.
5	A little expensive, but very good.  The volcano roll is one of my favorites. The martinis are good as well.
4	This is our go-to place in the Mt. Island area!The service has always been great and prompt. My wife loves their sushi selection. I'm fond of the bento box, which is a great deal. Their sushi is very well prepared. Their grill/wok items are so fresh and well cooked, you'd think you were paying double what your bill comes to. The atmosphere is great. Good lighting, almost like a good kept secret tucked away next to Harris Teeter. We can't recommend this enough.
3	This is a Regional Franchise with locations in North & South Carolina.This location is just adjacent to the Harris Teeter at Mt Island Lake in North Charlotte.James has been here several times and recommended it.We each had the Bento Box which is a good deal.For $11.50  you get a salad or spring roll, choice of sushi and then an entree with fried, white or steamed rice.I had the salad with ginger, crunchy roll sushi, hibachi chicken with fried rice,We also had a pot of Jasmine tea, It was all quite good and the servicewas very good, Eddy is professional and has an easy manner.A fair price for a decent meal, it's not exceptional but the food quality is goodand the dining room is nice.
3	This place is okay given the location and that there isn't any other real options unless you want to drive out of mountain island area. I have had their sushi which is good, but nothing special. Their chinese dishes are lacking heat. Location is the only reason I gave it 3 stars.
3	Not the best, not the worse. Red Bowl fills that need for decent take-out which we get more than dine-in. They could step it up a notch with better quality sushi but they haven't and probably won't. Mongolian Beef, Calamari are the main reasons I go back. Also, they're in the area so convenience can trump the medium quality meals. I'm glad they're here!
4	I like coming here when I'm craving for Chinese and am on my boyfriend's side of town. The place is nice and I like their big booths. The servers are pretty nice and quick with things also. I like most of the foods that I've ordered but the house fried rice that my little sister ordered, in my opinion is a waste of money it's nothing special. Other Chinese restaurants make better fried rice so just don't order that. Everything else is fine.
2	We have been eating here for 5 years and I'm sad to say the food has become greasy and the recent price increase is ridiculous.  3 dishes, no egg rolls with and only rice with 2 for $40.54 is just not good.  Also this was carry out with no drinks.
5	I really love coming here when I get a craving for some Asian cusine!!  A friend told me about this place years ago and I have been going for about 8 years or so.  And since it is on our side of town that's a bonus!  Have tried many different things on the menu.  And have enjoyed them all.  Everyone is always so friendly when they greet you and wait on you.  We particullary like Eddie!  Always happy :)  We have also been to 2 of the other ones.  The one in Cary and Burlington.  They are also very nice.
5	It is delicious, consistent and a great atmosphere! I go there like once a week yum!!!
1	Horrible pad thai !!
5	We always get take out and are never disappointed. They seem to knock it out of the park everytime!! Some of our favorites are mongolian beef, wonton soup, pad thai and the sushi.
4	Good local Chinese!I have been to the Red Bowl twice.  I must say, I thought it would be the no-atmosphere fast food Chinese restaurant since it sits in a strip mall next to Harris Teeter in Mountain Island Lake. You would probably only go there if you lived in that area or were stocking up at the nearby Walmart. YOU WILL BE PLEASANTLY SURPRISED! The restaurant is bigger than expected with a two tiered dining room.Both times the servers were nice and attentive to our needs. As for the menu- there was no lemon chicken. I thought that was a staple on a Chinese food menu. Who doesn't like lemon chicken?? I got the sesame chicken instead and it was a little over cooked, which was disappointing. The second time I got the hibachi steak which was excellent.This place has specials during the week like $4 cocktails and other sushi specials which I always appreciate. I have seen a coupon in the Valpak that comes in the mail for half off an entree which is always a plus.
1	We had a terrible lunch here. In my opinion the beef was not really beef, something very fatty I've never tasted before. I returned it for the chicken which was not good either. My husbands scallop meal consisted of one scallop sliced very thin into four pieces. The manager did not care about our experience, if he/she would have cared they would have asked. Would not recommend this restaurant to anyone. Very disappointed!
5	I ordered take out today and made my order and was told it would take 15-20 minutes.  I arrived at the restaurant at about the 25 minute mark.  I checked in and paid and was told it would be a couple more minutes.  10 more minutes went by and I asked again what was taking so long.  The girls looked at each other and then went back to the kitchen.  At the 15 minute mark the girls came back up and were talking to each other.  I could tell by their body language something was off.  I asked them, did you give my food away to someone else?  They looked at each other and said they didn't know.  I then asked for a manger.  John came up and I pulled him aside out of ear shot of anyone else and explained my disappointment.  I asked him to knock off half my bill due to my food being given away and he reluctantly comped my entire order.  I was so happy!  He said it would take about 15 minutes.  He credited back my $40 bill and then came back 5 minutes later asking if I wanted some water or a beer.  I said a beer would be great.  John was amazing.  He is what all managers should strive to be.  Standing up when a restaurant messes up and fixing the relationship!  I was so happy with how John treated me.  I will never hesitate to come back to Red Bowl.  When and if they mess up, they will admit it, and fix it.  Thank you so much John, the food was amazing!
