5	if you are in the northside try to visit this little mom and pop pizza shop on western ave. their deep-dish pizza's are absolutely delicious!! one of my all-time favorites has sausage and pepperoni and green peppers toppings. it takes a good 30-40 mins to cook one of the deep dish pizza's so make sure to call ahead before picking up or dining in.
4	One of my favorite spots on the northside for yummy and inexpensive food.  I really love the sandwiches that are toasted making the bread nice and crunchy.  I also really enjoy the thin crust pizza especially when I get the pepperoni and meatball toppings.  YUM.
3	Casual pizza and pasta place. Order at the counter and they bring the food to you. Great deal for the dinner entrees - about $9 for spaghetti and meatballs with a side salad and garlic bread. Nothing fancy - just simple but service has two thumbs up. Bathrooms and overall establishment are clean and spacey. My grips are that it is $1 for a refill and cash only.
3	This place won't appeal to most foodies (if any), but if you're looking for very casual dining, unpretentious food that comes in generous portions served by unpretentious people, this is your place.  These have to be some of the most down to earth, genuinely nice people around in the restaurant biz!  They'd get 5 stars for that.This is my place for local pizza or a baked fish hoagie when I need a break from my own heat n' serve cooking and need something on the cheap.Nothing but cool vibes here.  Be sure to check out the photo of Michael Douglas while you're there.
4	Came here while in Pittsburgh for work. Got the Pazzo Cheesesteak , very good. Ordered a slice of pepperoni pizza to go, it was excellent. Parking would be the worst part, but I'm sure the north east are is a lot different than Houston, not everything is in a strip center lol.
3	I want to really like Giorgio's Place because it's so close to where I live.  But when all I really wanted was a deep dish pizza, I was disappointed.  It's probably my own fault, I was craving a deep dish pizza in the Chicago style.  What I got was basically a pan pizza.  Don't get me wrong, it was good, but I felt misled.  It is good to know Giorgio's is here when I just want a slice, so we'll call this first taste a learning experience.Prices are reasonable but be advised this is a cash only establishment.
3	Unfortunately for Northsiders such as myself decent pizza is almost impossible to find. The downtown delivery options all serve the same spongy crust topped with way too much cheap cheese style of pizza.  That's why when craving pizza I turn to Giorgio's. The crust is soft and fluffy while still being crunchy on the bottom. They are very generous with the toppings, but are happy to make the pizza however you want (I like a little more sauce than cheese on mine). The prices are also great; my standard order of a 2 topping medium pizza with 6 wings is $14. *A note on the wings, they are wing-ding style (breaded then fried) so order them with the sauce on the side otherwise they get soggy.Giorgio's does have some drawbacks which result in me knocking off a few stars. 1. They do not deliver2. They are cash onlyIn my opinion these are two significant inconveniences when it comes to a pizza shop. I have do some serious pre-planning if I want to order from Giorgio's. In general when I'm craving pizza I'm not in the mood to hop in the car, find an ATM, and run back and forth. If they at least started taking cards I would be happy...Come on Giorgio's, let's move into the 21st century
2	Food is good. Not great.  They do not follow their posted business hours so don't be surprised to find the establishment closed at 830 on a Saturday when the door says 930. Also the staff is very rude. Especially the miserable lady that takes orders. She acts as if she's doing me a favor when actually I could have chose any other pizza place in Pittsburgh. And I will!
5	Hands down the best pizza in North Shore. I choose Georgios every time when I get a pizza craving. No delivery and cash only doesn't bother me, and if you want a good pizza it shouldn't bother you either. My favorite is good old pepperoni. They use the little pepperoni slices so they curl up and the grease pools in the middle mmm mmm! This is the way pizza should taste! A+ -Review by the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles and myself.
