5	I have known Troy for over ten years and every patient I have met raves about his skills as a chiropractor. I can't imagine finding a better deal for such a professional level of treatment. Troy's also very friendly and happy to answer all your questions. $25??? Thank me later!
5	I hurt my neck yesterday and couldn't move at all. Instead of just sitting at home and waiting to get better I went and got checked out by Dr.Troy. When I left there I was feeling 100% better and was able to go back to work. Thanks Dr Troy!!
3	$25 Chiropractic is good for people who may be on a budget, or might be new to this sort of healing and are looking to have an adjustment.  I found Troy to be very professional and noticed positive results after my appointments with him.  I would recommend this business to people looking for an adjustment and or the help of a chiropractor.
5	I was a little skeptical at first.  I don't enjoy any service where my body is messed with, such as Chropractic, message, Etc. Dr. Troy Counselman was very friendly. He made me feel comfortable and the adjustments felt good! I love how quick this appt. is!! I will continue to see Dr. Troy for my adjustments. Tank you Dr. Troy.
5	I stopped my and saw Dr Troy this afternoon. This is the type of service I like. No hassle, fast reliable service. Dr Troy listened to where my problem areas were, adjusted me, and I was out the door. I will be back.
5	I had terrible hip and back pain for a long time and decided to try $25 Chiropractic to see if it would help. After only a few adjustments I'm starting to feel much less pain with much better movement. I HIGHLY recommend Dr Troy & $25 Chiropractic!! Very professional, very effective!
5	I have been going to Chiropractors for the last 7 years . Due to long distance driving , continuous  wrong driving  posture , without stretching like I should be will for sure bring your back /body out of total alignment . Which can lead to other health problems . Chiropractors are definitely the place to go for natural healing.  By now I know the good ones and the bad ones . The ones that care and the ones that just want  the dinero $$ . I was on the level of ten of back pain , barely walking and hurt to sit down when I step into dr Troy counselman office . He immediately greeted me with a friendly smile and I could tell he was ready to help me . His prices are very reasonable . 25 $ now that's worth every penny . Especially the way I'm feeling now after a few visits from him . Yes his office is not super fancy but all that is just more on your pockets . All that's needed is an adjustment table . Not a huge staff and fancy couches . . If you are in pain and suffering like i was i would highly recommend calling this practice and making an appointment.. Better yet do I what I did just walk in and walk out feeling great !!!!!
5	I've been to chiropractors my whole life and have had great experiences with it. Troy really listened to my ailments and provided great chiropractic care. The whole experience was pleasant, from his basic, calming office in the heart of downtown to his no hassle, caring attitude. I'll definitely be back!
5	When I found out that my chiropractor of 4 was retired about 6 months ago, I was pretty devastated. Because he was a family friend that adjusted out of his home office, I figured I would never find another chiropractor who was as convenient and flexible as he was (he sometimes would adjust me in the evenings or weekends and I rarely needed an appointment). Not to mention he only charged me $20/visit! I was completely spoiled and hated the idea of dealing with a traditional dr. office experience where you usually feel like a number rather than a person. However, I knew I needed to find someone before my aches and pains started to come back from misalignment. I would've just been happy to find someone that I was comfortable with and who could adjust with the level of strength and precision that I was so accustomed to. I had tried a Healthsource office, but was not impressed. Not only did I not like the way the doc adjusted me, I didn't love how much upselling was going on all of the time. I just wanted a good adjustment, nothing else. I heard about Dr. Troy's $25 chiropractic concept that is designed to be simple, hassle free care... I gave it a shot and simply could not be happier! He's very professional, the adjustment feels just like what I'm used to and on top of that I now continue to enjoy the convenience, flexibility and simplicity that I had with my unique situation before Dr. Troy. I strongly recommend $25 Chiropractic to anyone who is looking to keep things simple without compromising quality. Thank you Dr. Troy!
5	I travel to Phoenix very often for business.  The long flight tightens my back up and when it does I have to go to a chiropractor.  Having to be in the downtown area I thought it would be difficult to find a chiropractor.  After a quick internet search I found Dr. Troy.  Not only is his office convenient, its very affordable too.  Now o each of my trips to Phoenix, Dr. Troy is my first stop before my work begins.  Thanks Doc !
5	Easy to find, plenty of parking on the street mid-day, online appointment scheduling and "paperwork", a GRRRREAAT! adjustment AND only $25~??? Nothing could have made this experience any better.  I highly recommend it!
5	Saw Dr Troy again yesterday and I always feel great afterwards. Quick, thorough,  and professional Dr Troy has improved my ability to stay in shape physically and mentally.
5	Easy to make a appointment and really takes the time to get to know your issues and work on a solution that will get you back on your feet and not just coming back to him for more.  I trust him in and his knowledge.
5	No hassle chiropractic care. Dr. Troy gets right to the adjustment so you can start feeling better immediately. Good location downtown. The online appointment is great you schedule down to 10 min increments, I've never had to wait. Highly recommended.
5	So I was experiencing some lock up vertebrae in my upper right side of my neck. And had a slight rib that was out in my upper back as well. I have been seeing another local chiropractor that has been great but we just weren't quite getting there in terms of loosening those vertebrae up. Dr. Troy is a big guy and pretty powerful, not to get confused with rough or aggressive. But it's exactly what my body needed to get that relief I desperately needed. The first adjustment I was so locked up even Dr. Troy wasn't quite able to release it. So I came back for 2-3 more adjustments and by the end of the 3rd adjustment I was fully unlocked and able to sleep and move my head in full range of motion pain free. Price is amazingly low for his services $25 (you can tip as well). The appointments can be scheduled on line and you can be in and out in a matter of 10-15 minutes. I HIGHLY recommend Dr. Troy if you need, desperately need some quick relief, even in my scenario where my primary chiropractor was unable to quite get me there.
5	I like to say that Dr. Troy is the BEST!!   I been to see him several times and i have instant results.  His office location is very convenient for me, I work downtown so it's so easy just to go downstairs to see him.  I use to be enrolled in a membership somewhere else that was a little less expensive, but after my first time with Dr. Troy I canceled my membership at that other location and now I won't go anywhere else but to Dr. Troy!!!
5	I have been seeing Dr Troy for a little over 2yrs now and I consider him as one of the few "HEALERS" in my life.  He brought me out of the pit of despair where my back was concerned and has been keeping things in check ever since, he's magic.  To add to that, he's extremely knowledgeable, kind and caring and I highly recommend a visit. $25 Chiropractic has online scheduling as well as giving you the option to pay for your visit in advance.  Your in and out in no time!
5	I woke this morning with an amazing amount of pain in my back and I knew I had to go and see a chiropractor. I looked here on yelp and saw all the great reviews. They were dead on accurate. Dr. Troy is very professional and knows exactly what he's doing I feel amazing now. He just made a loyal patient!
5	I was very impressed by Dr. Troy. He took the time the listen to me and apply the proper treatment necessary. You can't get any better, especially for $25!
5	I have a history of neck pain and have just recently moved back to the valley. The reviews I've read here are all spot on. Dr. Troy is very professional and good at what he does. I would definitely recommend him to others and will return here for future maintenance and adjustments.
5	I had some pressure and discomfort in my lower back and it was causing me to have trouble sleeping. Being that i am not from here i had no idea where to find a good chiropractor.  Like anyone else i turned to Yelp and found $25 Chiro. It is a one stop shop for all chiropractor needs.  Dr. Troy gave me a quick adjustment and was all done in under 15 minutes. I would definitely recommend and i will be back.
5	Dr. Troy is by far the best chiropractor in Arizona! And such an overall friendly, genuine person. I just recently fractured my C7 vertebrae and was having severe back pain that was causing me trouble sleeping. He was very careful and thorough adjusting me below my neck and it has made a world of difference! He also recommended me to an amazing massage therapist that has been helping my pain as well. I don't know what I would do without him! I would highly recommend visiting him if you've been having any back or neck troubles.
5	Troy has been working on me for 7 years now. I swear by him. Thanks for fixing the tennis elbow this week.
4	first time ever seeing a chiropractor . Dr counselman put me at ease.  took time to explain why I was experiencing the pain I was in and what he was going to do to help relieve the pain.  the treatment was quick and professional.
