5	Just took my 2 girls there for lunch today - We ordered a wondeful avocado/sprout sandwich on yummy wheat bread with a bowl of soup, a soup & salad combo (with REAL salad - no iceberg lettuce), a bowl of soup, a pot pie & cinnamon roll to-go and 2 slices of pies - toss in drinks and we spent under $24!  The food was delish too!  The soup, while a bit salty - tasted very homemade and the fluffy, tender, warm rolls that accompanied the soup?  AMAZING!  The pies were super yummy too and my 8yo claims that she will be working here when she gets older.
5	We live in south Chandler but decided to make the drive because I was craving pie and the reviews were so good. We arrived 5pm on Sat night and they close at 6pm. Needless to say most of the pies were gone because they are AWESOME! You can call ahead and reserve your pie which is what I will do next time. We snagged the last Chocolate cream (very good) and Apple pie though. We also ate dinner here. I had 1/2 sandwich (chicken salad) and soup (broccoli cheese) and it was delicious. Wife and kid had soup and a large roll each. Drinks are only $1. In fact we all ate and got 2 pies for $21. I felt guilty, I couldn't make the stuff for that price. We sat there and met one of the owners (Annette) she was so nice! My daughter played with her grandkids while we finished eating. Overall a great experience. Seems like very nice couple that own the place. A new business with bargain prices and great food. Definitely worth a visit !!!!
5	If you like pies, there is no better place to get a great pie than Croshaw's pies... anywhere.And it is a full-service deli, they have sandwiches, pot pies, rolls, and pretty much everything else you would expect from a bakery.I went there today and ate the Chicken pot pie - and on a scale of 1-10 it was an 11.  Flaky crust, lots of chicken and bigger than it probably should have been.Will I be back?More often than my waistline wants me to I think.
4	Loved the Rodeo and Lemon Cream Cheese but wasn't very impressed by the fruit pies.  Rodeo Dr pie was a fluffy cheesecake-like filling with chocolate crumb crust and it was a hit at our last get-together.  It prompted those "Where did you get this?!" comments.Chicken pot pie was great tasting, filling and very affordable.  My only reservations about it were the frozen vegetables and lack of pie-tin crust (only crust was a top layer).  The crust that was there was fantastic though.Homey, grandma's kitchen feel with a fair amount of indoor seating.
5	I am in love.  For as long as I can remember I have had a love/hate relationship with pie.  I love pie filling of any kind, I like graham cracker crusts, but when it comes to a pastry crust, I had not found one I liked.  Not ever until I had pie from Croshaw's.  Seriously, this is the most amazing pie crust, light, flaky, moist, *sigh* I just wish I could better explain how good the crust was on the chocolate cream pie.  I didn't have to scoop the cream because every bite of perfect crust and chocolate just melted in my mouth.  And for a mini pie at $3.89, this is a bargain.  Most whole pies here are under $10 and worth at least twice that much.  I also brought home a chicken pot pie and for someone who would only eat the chicken filling, I thought the crust was the best part of it.  Compared to the crust, I found the chicken and veggies to be a little bland.   I would buy it again just for the crust, and try the turkey pot pie instead.I just did carry out, but they have a nice little seating area, sandwiches, salads, soups and quiche.  If those items are even half as good as the pies you are in for a treat.  I also brought home a blueberry cobbler.  The filling was your run of the mill sweet syrupy blueberries but the topping was light, lightly sugared and so so good!  I'd buy the pastry topping by itself if I could.For the mini chocolate cream pie, chicken pot pie and blueberry cobbler, my bill was $12.14.  This is a bargain and I will be back soon!
5	In the immortal words of Homer Simpson, "Mmmmmmm pie......."I had read the Yelp reviews for Croshaw's and wanted to try them for some time now.  I was finally able to get there.  Upon walking in we were warmly greeting and looked over the pies in the cases.  Beautiful chocolate cream pie, lemon merangue, berry, and several others.  It was hard to decide.  What I loved the most was that they also had "mini" pies.  A pie for one or two is perfect if you don't have a large family or you're not taking a pie to a dinner or just don't need an entire large pie,  And mostly because if I bought a regular 9 inch pie, I'd eat the whole damn thing.  I really do have very little self control.  I settle on a mini german chocolate pie, a mini peach cobbler, and a chicken pot pie.  All of this for $12!!  WOW!  I took my delicious morsals home and popped the chicken pot pie in the oven.  About 20 minutes later it was done.  This beats any frozen Marie Callander's pot pie any day!  You can taste how fresh it is.  It tastes like mom made it and the crust is delicious!!  So then I tried some of the german chocolate pie.  Creamy chocolate with pecan bits and coconut topped with whipped cream.  YUM!!!!!  I'm in heaven!  And the peach cobbler......another slice of heaven! And in case you're wondering, I did not eat all three in the same night, thank you. I didn't say I had no self control at all.  It appears that I will be making frequent trips to Croshaw's.  And with the holidays coming I'll bet their pumpkin pie is amazing!  Thank you Croshaw's.  Now I'm obsessed with pie.  :)
4	Yum yum and yum!! Just tried it today for lunch. The Turkey Bacon sandwich was okay. Broccoli cheese soup was pretty good (was lacking in cheese though), and the sour cream lemon pie was amazing!!!! Can't wait to try a pot pie and some quiche!
4	I have not actually tried their pies but I did have a chicken pot pie. I wasn't very impressed. The pie crust wasn't very flaky it was a little soft and mushy. And the insides werent exploding with flavor or loaded with meat with I prefer. But it wasn't bad by any means either. Just different than I make and enjoy. Looking forward to trying a pie.
5	**I only have one complaint**  First off the food is delicious, everything from the fruit and cream pies to the soups and sandwiches. I absolutely recommend stopping by for some great pies.  My complaint is how the owners wife treats customers and the staff.  I am a frequent customer and have witnessed many times the wife talking down to the staff in front of everyone.  The girls look miserable working there and I feel sorry for them.  Its too bad for the staff, because when you think of the foods that are served at Croshaws, you think of foods that make you happy. The atmosphere seems dampened by the owners wife :(
5	Yum yum yum!Croshaw's has been on my bookmarks forever. Their schedule just doesn't jive with mine, unfortunately. We did get the chance to stop by recently. It was about 5:30 and wouldn't you know it, somebody walked out with the last pot pies as we walked in.We bought a custard pie and figured we would take it home with us. But luck was on our side - they found one last pot pie and gave it to us for free. That pot pie was so delicious and the custard pie was yummy too! We will definitely be back, a bit earlier next time so as to be able to try more variety from their menu.
5	They offer the best pot pies I have ever had! Placing an order for the office today... 9 pot pies! it is well worth the drive and on Friday they make a lean beef pot pie. Yum! The turkey pot pie is the best in my opinion.
5	I'm not sure why this wonderful slice of pie heaven does not have more reviews.  If you love pie this spot is a MUST!.  I was in to pick up a couple of pot pies and I saw the soup of the day was Chicken Noodle.  My daughter loves Chicken Noodle soup so I thought this would be perfect for dinner.  A quart of soup came with six dinner rolls.  I got a mini Banana Cream Pie for dessert too.  The soup tasted like my Mom made it!  It was delicious.  And the rolls.......OMG!  Fresh and buttery and they melted in your mouth!   Of course I had to get a Chicken Pot Pie for dinner the next day.  They also serve sandwiches.  It's a great little place for lunch but do not leave without taking a pie home!!
3	Extra star for family owned endevour:I got the Chicken meat pie, a slice of Pecan pie and the berry cobbler. Chicken pie: bland, peas had started to go bad and the crust was raw. YuckSlice of Pecan: Rancid pecan, too much use of egg had made it runny, insufficient mixing in of the maple syrup (making portions uber sweet  and others not) even worse than the chicken pie.Berry cobbler: Too scared to try this before the review.Why 3 stars , because I know it is damn hard to get pies just right especially if U have to leave it for hours on end before someone picks it up, and I'll be a monkeys uncle if I ever have to put that much effort into making food (that has so many avenues of going wrong)Berry cobbler was yummy ( yes!! the 3 stars still stays and is valid)
3	Is this place still open? We went by to have lunch at noon on 9/26/11 & there was a sign on the door saying the business had closed & the windows were all covered up. I guess it went out of business.
