5	I have been a customer of this NAPA shop for over 5 years.  Jack and his crew are head and shoulders above other shops in the area in regard to customer service.    They recommend needed repairs, but never have I felt any pressure to comply with their recommendations.  I have not been satisfied with completed repairs twice.  Both times I took the vehicle back to the shop and Jack made sure the repairs were done correctly and to my satisfaction with no additional charges.  If your looking for an honest repair facility for your vehicle, this is it.
5	When you find a good mechanic - you stay with them. Jack and his crew have always taken great care of me. I have used them for years with various vehicles (including VW). Straight up advice and fair pricing. I would recommend their services to anyone in the area for care free repairs and maintenance.
4	My car's condition was accurately diagnosed and repaired to satisfaction within a given estimated time frame.  They're not cheap, but they are competitive, fair, and as far as I can tell, honest.
5	Went here to get a used car looked at that I was considering buying. They were fast, friendly, and very honest with me. If it weren't for them, I may have ended up purchasing a lemon. I will most likely be going back!
5	Love the price of oil change, $18.95 and I got a tire rotation. Will come back for sure. One recommendation would be to speed up the time for an oil change. As long as it gets done, I am good with that. Friendly staff, clean, and it doesn't smell.
1	Avoid this place like the plague.  Jack isn't a nice guy, he isn't dependable and he will lie straight to your face.Brought my car in because the check engine light was on and we had been told we needed to replace the timing belt.  They were the most resonably priced (what a joke that phrase turned out to be) and could have it back to us a few days.Now the nightmare began. After over $1,400 dollars in repairs, I picked up my car and drove home.  The following morning, same problems with the car - misfiring and the check engine light was back on.  Back to the shop we go.  Now we have new problems!  $500 later, more repairs.  The next day, car was misfiring and you guessed it, check engine light back on.Back to the shop we go!  More work (that they didn't charge us for, but I don't believe was really done) and they PROMISE the car is better than new.  Riiiiight....10 miles down the road, car is misfiring again and the check engine light is back on.  And where did we go the next morning?  Back to the shop - but this time Jack, the owner, was there.  And what an unplesant, rude, disrespectful man he is.  I cannot believe he owns a business.  He flat out lied to my face when he told me that "Chuck" had drained my gas tank and found it full of gunk.  Funny, I had the same amount of gas when I dropped it off and no one had mentioned that had been done.2 days later, now we are being told the computer is fried - another $2k worth of work.  What?!?  Oh, and today Jack emptied the tank.  Interesting, as Jack told me it had been done 2 days before.  And when he did?  He "forgot" to fill it back up, leaving me with fumes to make it to the gas station.The car is now at the dealership, which is where I should have taken it to begin with.  Not trust some shady, rude, liar.  I wouldn't take a Barbie car to this "repair" shop.  Hopefully they won't be in business much longer and won't be ripping off other people.
4	My battery light was coming on and the guy at Jiffy Lube told me that I needed my alternator replaced. My battery was just replaced less than 6  months ago. They were friendly, and I got my car back within 24 hours, even though they had to order the part. I thought the hourly rate was fair. They did try to sell me a battery, but when I insisted that this one was new and if it didn't make it I would take it back b/c it should still be under warranty, they told me they would put it on the charger (and luckily it came back). I can understand that in most cases when ppl drive around with their battery light on it drains the battery. I took my car in asap once the light came on so I think that is what saved the battery. I was happy, and after the service they sent me a nice thank you note and coupons for future services. I have to say that they follow up with new customers was really impressive to me. I would take my car back to them again.
2	I had been here multiple times for oil changes and stopped returning to this location for a couple of reasons. The main reason being that after an oil change in my wife's car, I noticed oil leaking on the floor of the garage. It took a few days to get it back in but it continually leaked during this time. It was clearly their fault and something wasnt tightened fully but they tried to say that some oil was just sitting in the pan and that was all. They even got very defensive about it without even looking at the car. I had never had oil leak after an oil change and i wasnt even angry. I just wanted it fixed. After the second visit it stopped leaking. I did not appreciate how they acted like we were crazy for being concerned about an oil leak after a change. Secondly, the owner makes very inappropriate, crude jokes at his employee's expense, right in front of customers. It made me awkward and had to be embarassing to the employees. He also acts unprofessionally in general at the front desk. I would recommend NAPA, just not this location.
5	I have been taking my car here for two years and feel that I've been treated very well. Jack and Corrine take good care of their customers. They stand behind their work I feel it's a very honest shop. My boyfriend takes his car here too and has been treated very well.
1	i had a very negative experience and jack was not in the the least bit trustworthy. this shop is really bad karma and i will never go back,
5	Great customer service and honest! I've been going here for a couple of years and have an older car. Highly recommended
