5	If you're looking to sharpen your cooking skills and have a good time doing so then the Classic Cooking Academy is the place to go. The European trained instructor, chef, and owner Pascal Dionot is brilliant. His demonstrations involve thorough explanations and flawless techniques that all levels of experience can gain from. The school offers a variety of different programs: team building events, private parties, full and part time career programs, and recreational classes for all ages. Read more:http://agreabledegustation.blogspot.com/2008/12/classic-cooking-academy.html
4	Our large team of developers and testers had a class there last week. Our cooking ability was mixed, to put it mildly. I think everyone had a great time and the food was surprisingly good considering the uneven competence of the preparers (I'm solidly in the low end of that spectrum).It was very relaxed and Chef Harrison and his assistant Chance did a capable job in getting us organized and functional. The only problem was that I sometimes had no idea what I was doing and the chefs were busy with other people. So I ended up standing idle for a lot of time. I wouldn't fault them for that: our group numbered 16 and I think it was just too many people to whip into shape so quickly.I would recommend them for classes and suggest that 8-10 would be a more appropriate group size to get the most out of what they offer.
4	What a great time!  My management team and I went to Classic Cooking for a team builder/getaway.  Jackie and Pascal were there to show us the ropes and had all the ingredients measured and portioned out when we arrived.On the menu was bruschetta, ravioli with spinach and ricotta, grilled asparagus, demi glaze, chicken scallopine and taramisu.  The pasta and sauce was made from scratch. Our team did a great job and both Pascal and Jackie were right there to lend a hand, give direction or advice.  They threw out compliments if we were doing well and were right on with technique - which is great because cooking with seasoned chefs (pardon the pun) can be intimidating!They both showed a great passion for what they do. I recommend trying it for a team builder, or even a night out to do a wine and food pairing. The food was awesome...the only thing missing: WINE!
5	I found Classic Cooking while hunting down another business.  The brochure looked good so I scheduled a Friday night cooking class for my wife and I.  That went well, so we came back for a knife skills class.  After a six month basic technique class and a six week pastry class (one night a week), you can say I'm hooked.  I eat better, healthier and cook faster than I ever did.  My coworkers regularly schedule pot luck's so I can bring something new.  I am blessed to have met and be a student of Chef Pascal.
5	I'll admit it to you because we're friends: I cannot cook - just ask my husband. Baking is more my forte, so when an opportunity for a gluten free cooking class taught by classically trained Chef and Instructor Pascal Dionot came up I jumped at it! Classic Cooking is much farther than I normally travel, but well worth the drive. In just over 2 hours I learned to make a delicious and healthy three course gluten free meal and boosted my confidence in the kitchen. Chef Pascal is passionate about cuisine; you can see the sparkle in his eye when you get him talking about the molecular components of onions or when he shows newbies like me a simple trick to cut carrots into uniform pieces. He's efficient in the kitchen, yet patient and explains each step along the way to creating a fantastic meal.During our time together we created a beautiful menu including gazpacho, "pasta" primavera made with spaghetti squash, breadsticks, and a gluten free chocolate lava cake. I learned step-by-step how to make each dish and got to take the recipe home to try it out for myself.If they have another gluten free series I'd love to go back. I learned a ton and the food was fantastic!
5	I had the pleasure of taking a short saucier class from the outstanding chef in residence... More fun and pleasure than should be allowed... learned more in 3 weeks (1 day every week) than in all the the other classes combined from other schools ... If you are passionate about cooking this is where you need to be...
5	Chef Harrison was fun to learn from! I do tech work all day, and having a nice distraction (learning to cook a dish) was a much needed break. Anything "offline" in my life right now is nice.The few new things I learned were awesome in making sauces. I have already applied them in new dishes I am trying with my wife.The class was organized, informative and fun. I would definitely recommend it to other interested in learning to cook healthy.
5	I recently attended this Classic Cooking for a pizza making class. Once the meal was finished, we were all able to sit down and eat the feast. From the time we walked in, we were greeted and offered a beverage (wine, beer, soda, water, etc). Refills were complimentary! Chef Swartz handed us all aprons, explained how it was going to work, and lead us back to the kitchen. As soon as we interacted with Chef Swartz, we knew it was going to be a fun evening. Once in the kitchen, he gave us a demo on making the dough used for pizza and calzones. He answered all questions and gave us some tips that come frmo years of experience. There were so many "ah ha" moments that you could practically see everyone's epiphany lightbulbs going off! We didn't actually make the dough, instead, there were individual servings of dough pre-made for us so that we didn't need to concern ourselves with the time it takes to let the yeast rise, etc. We all got practice kneading the dough and they even showed us how to properly "throw" a pizza over your head. The braves souls, aka myself, decided to try and IT WAS AWESOME! I've never felt cooler in a kitchen! When our dough reached our desired shape for the pie or calzone, we added the sauce and toppings such as fire-roasted peppers, sun-dried tomatoes, ham, pepperoni, fresh mozzarella, pesto, and more. Chef Swartz and his assistants helped us to get them into the oven and they made sure to pull them out in time. We also made the most FABULOUS Caesar dressing I've ever had. When the salad was made and the pizzas were cut - we were back in the dining area and sat down dine by candlelight. It was a really great night and I can't wait to do it again. At the end of the event you're also fed delicious dessert and given paper copies of the recipes created during the kitchen session. I hope to bring some family to Classic Cooking as something fun to do while they're visiting Arizona. It doesn't hurt that North Scottsdale is beautiful with gorgeous sunsets! Oh - and p.s. Chef Swartz introduced me to a wonderful Spanish wine. YUM!
5	I stumbled upon a Pizza making class on Deal Chicken one day and ended up at Classic Cooking.  Right from the beginning I could tell this place was great.  We were walked in sat at a table and brought beverages (wine/beer/water/soda).  Chef Swartz was our instructor and came in and introduced himself and went over the agenda of the class for the evening.  We then followed him into the kitchen to start our lesson.  While in the kitchen he went over step by step on the dough making process including showing us how to twirl a pie which I think it the coolest.  I was able to easily follow along and take notes.  We then were turned loose with pre-made dough to make our own pizzas and calzones like we had been shown.  The pre-made dough helped save time so we didn't need to wait for it to rise.  I chose to make a calzone which I put peperoni, pesto sauce, sun dried tomatoes, and cheese.  It came out in just a few minutes and was excellent.  I can't wait to try some more at home.  The Chef also went through a simple yet yummy ceaser dressing from scratch.  I was amazed at how simple it was that now I think I will just make and bottle my own for use at home.  Overall this class was a blast and I really learned a lot about my favorite food and I can't wait to try making pies at home now.  My attempts in the past just never turned out that good and now I see my flaws in dough making.  I totally will look into another class or two as I think they are well worth the money even without the coupon.
5	Love the monthly food and wine pairings with Chef Pascal...looking forward to trying the new lunch place next door
5	I had a wonderful time here!  My boyfriend got me this as one of my Christmas gifts and we finally used it in May.  There was all you can drink wine, beer, water, or soda.  We sat down at one of the large tables right away and got talking to others who were at the table.  The chef soon came over and shared the menu with us.  We then went into the kitchen and he gave us a demo of what to do at each station.  I had lots of fun making the homemade pasta at our station.  The food was phenomenal, we had Wild Mushroom Cannelloni, Rosemary Chicken with polenta, and Chianti poached pears.  It was amazing!!   I highly recommend taking one of the cooking classes!
4	Very fun cooking class. It was great to meet new people and hang out and cook for a few hours!They offered soda, wine, or beer with dinner, which was nice. They people working there were also very on the ball with filling up our drinks.Everything was very tidy, clean, and organized. It was very welcoming! Also, the appliances and cooking utensils were very nice.We made margarita pizza, focaccia  bread (from the same dough as the pizza sauce), Caesar salad, chicken Parmesan, and a citrus pound cake. Everything was very good!It was fun to make the dishes and pick and choose what you want to do. The only thing is that a few of the helpers were not on the same page about the recipes. We sometimes needed a little more direction than we got. However, they were very helpful with what we needed when we asked.It was so nice to have everyone serve us in the end. We were able to relax and enjoy our food!
3	Several friends and I purchased Deal Chicken coupons for the wine class and dinner.  The wine portion was really enjoyable and I learned quite a bit about wine.   The food, however, was disappointing.  The crab cake appetizer was perhaps the tastiest thing - no complaints there.  The BLT soup was a fun idea and decently executed but was underseasoned.  The same can be said for the chicken, prosciutto and rice.  It was underseasoned and the presentation was terrible.  It looked like it belonged in a death march in a high school cafeteria.  The flat iron steak was fantastic and tasted like filet mignon which was impressive but I wouldn't have minded a little salt.  The creme brulee was tasty enough but was served in two small aluminium tins.  It was rather sad looking.  Right before the start of each course, the chef would come out to explain the dish (which was good) and tell us how wonderful it is (which is bad - let me decide for myself please).  I suppose it was an okay value with the coupon but I certainly would have been upset if we'd paid full price.
5	Completing the Practical Cooking Series with Chef Pascal was one of the best decisions of my life.  I did not know what I did not know in cooking.  I always took pride and received compliments on my menus but I now feel I have all of the basics to create delicious meals in the healthiest of ways.  Chef Pascal presented prepping and cooking techniques that make every dish flavorful and an easy task.  I will miss the weekly sessions tremendously and hope to carry on all of his teachings to my family and apprentices at my business.  Thank you again for a wonderful learning experience!!
5	I was in the Practical Series on Tuesday nights (Oct 2012 - April 2013) and I have to say, it was amazing. I was excited when I signed up for the course, but never expected it to be such a learning experience. I've been cooking for many years, but learning the classic cooking basics has made me such a better "chef". (At least, that's what my friends call me now :-).Chef Pascal was awesome and shared so much knowledge in a truly engaging and very funny way. It has been two weeks since last class, and I miss it... so much.
5	The 24 week practical series was amazing. Chef Pascal is an engaging teacher who brings years of experience, tricks of the trade and entertaining stories to each class.   I've always been comfortable in the kitchen but I now feel confident. My boring old meals have been transformed. I now have the knowledge and tools to change up my old standards and try new things.  As I was in the class I found myself taking a greater interest in what food I was buying, not only the source of it but the ingredients and nutritional values. This habit has continued and my family is healthier than ever.
5	Love this place!  I took the pastry class (eclairs and creme puffs) and it was fantastic! The chef that taught was very into the science/mechanics of why you add ingredients at specific times (think a phoenix version of Alton Brown).  Being a scientist, I LOVED IT!  My eclairs, while not perfectly shaped, tasted awesome and so did the pastry creme.  I can't wait to take more classes.  Thanks again for making baking fun!
5	This place is fantastic for a creative date, girls' night/afternoon out, or for anyone who simply loves food and enjoys cooking or baking.  I've taken a couple Saturday morning pastry classes solo and still had a ton of fun.  I also took the pizza class with a girlfriend and we laughed constantly, learned some great tips, and ate a delicious dinner!  Both instructors were highly knowledgeable and made sure everyone enjoyed their time.Can't wait to go back!
5	saw the groupon for this place and thought we'd try it out. i've always wanted to learn how to legitly cut an onion and actually disassemble a chicken. why not?this class was great! very interactive and engaging. the chef teaching the weekend class was extremely friendly, knowledgeable, and thorough. for the first 30 - 40 min the chef walked you through a demonstration of what you would actually be doing in the kitchen, explaining technique and answering any questions you may have. after that you roll into the teaching kitchen and get started! i learned how to correctly chop an onion uniformly (and other veggies) as well as julienne. i also finally know how to hold a chef's knife correct and how not to cut off my fingers. bonus!we also disassembled a chicken (leg, breast, wing). thats going to be extremely useful since i've decided to start breaking down my own chickens each week. i'm really interested in the Practical Series or the Protein specific courses. i'm going to have to definitely check out their scheduled and see what i'm going to do next!
5	My husband and I took a knife skills class. I was so excited to get this from Amazon local, and the class did not disappoint.I have been cutting wrong for decades and now it won't be such a struggle.I really want to take a pastry or pizza class there.
5	The practical series is an excellent class to take.  There are many levels of students in this class, from beginner to experienced, and we are all learning a lot.  Chef Pascal makes the class very informative and entertaining.  I look forward to class every week.  Although I have cooked for many years, I have learned a lot of new methods and recipes.  I highly recommend this class.
5	My mom and I took the Practical Series course (24 weeks meeting one day a week) to learn solid fundamentals of classic cooking over the period from the Fall of 2013 through spring of 2014. In short, it was phenomenal. I think this is something everyone should experience. If you're considering it... do it. We loved each class and we were sad when it ended. To start, we heard about the Practical Series while taking a quick free class there one day on broths, ghee, and traditional foods. I had so much fun learning from Chef Pascal that I went back that night for a wine pairing event, which was equally fun and educational. These first tastes from CCA and Chef Pascal sold me on taking the 6-month Practical Series course. I signed up that night.I have always had a passion for food and cooking, but last year I ended a decade of eating a vegan diet. As a result, I felt a bit clumsy in the kitchen when it came to classic cooking and animal products. There's only so much you can glean from a cookbook, blogs, TV shows, and youtube (oyster shucking anyone? I don't know about you, but watching that on youtube is just not as good as practicing in a class with a professional to guide you).Furthermore, I'm keenly interested in learning life-long skills, and cooking is a solid one. As the magnet on my fridge reads, "Good cooks never lack friends." Classic Cooking Academy offered the perfect opportunity to learn from a true pro in a format that would ensure these precious skills are embedded deeply.Specifics: The Practical Series is a course that lasts 24 weeks where you attend school once a week for 2-2.5 hours. If you miss a class there is nothing to worry about because makeups are possible. Various classic cooking techniques are taught in a format that starts with an entertaining and educating lecture followed by hands-on work in the kitchen. We covered everything from spending 3 weeks on eggs (they're that important) to various animal proteins (lamb, beef, pork, fish, shellfish, veal, duck(!)), pastry, chocolate (learn how to temper it), stocks, sauces (this class alone is amazing not to mention all the sauces you learn through the whole series), vegetables, soups, desserts, grains, sushi, and much more.  The Practical Series is worth every penny. It gave me the confidence and skills I needed to up my culinary game. Chef Pascal is extremely entertaining and his teaching goes beyond just cooking to teach some history of foods as well. I can see why some people want to take the whole 6-month course over again because you know you'll continue to learn and be entertained. The classes in this series are beyond anything you'll learn at local culinary stores. One of my favorite aspects about the course design was Chef Pascal's point of view on nutrition and foods. So many people could truly benefit from this. Learn how to make delicious food while staying healthy, too. (And... it includes butter!)It's my understanding that they'll offer some courses to people who have completed the 6-month program to further compliment the education. I'm excited about that and plan to take as many as I can. They also offer single classes, such as pizza making etc so it's worth keeping an eye on their calendar to see if any entice you. Taking this course with my mom made it extra special and I highly recommend that if you have a friend or family member interested. It would be awesome for a couple to do, too. That being said, most people in the class came alone and it wasn't long before we were like one big family.
5	I recently completed the 6-month Practical Series course and I can honestly say I enjoyed every single class.Chef Pascal was witty and very knowledgeable.  My classmates were all great people and by the end of the class we had bonded over food and fun.I highly recommend Class Cooking!
5	This place was awesome!!! We attended the pizza making class with Chef Lou Swartz and he was amazing! The staff was very friendly and the food tasted great. I would highly recommend this place!!!
3	I bought a groupon and did a Sunday brunch cooking class with some girlfriends. We made fruit smoothies, raspberry strusel muffins, buttermilk biscuits & spinach bacon frittatas. The food was great, the instructors were very knowledgable but the class seemed a little unorganized. I wish they had a chef at each station to help guide the class. There were several chefs available to help with questions but they were running all around doing various things.
4	Classic Cooking: Sunday Brunch for two.Sunday Brunch menu: Fresh fruit Compote, Breakfast Burritos with Salsa, Home Fries, ChurrosChief Pascal DionotA great date activity with a payoff of a meal. Chief will impart knowledge as well as a good time. Did you know that scrambled eggs should be cooked slowly and omelets fast? I didn't, just a sample of the information one can lean.Yes, I would recommend. I'm going again.
5	I did the pizza class for my birthday with a group of friends. This place is amazing! The staff is super nice and the starting lessons are a lot of fun to watch. The experience was phenomenal. All aspects are very well organized.  Everyone had a great time and we will be back!
5	A friend and I had a great experience last night making bread and cheese. We've been to other places for cooking classes but will come here from now on. Chef Pascal and his staff couldn't have been nicer or more helpful. We sipped wine and feasted on samples of focaccia and ricotta cookies during our class lecture. When we moved into the kitchen to make the bread and cheese there was plenty of room for everyone. Everything was super organized so we were able to accomplish a lot.  There were about 18 people there but the staff was very  organized.  Everyone was able to make their own  focaccia loaf along with a batch of cheese.    I was so proud of my beautiful bread and delicious ricotta.
