4	When I heard that our reservations were at the Quality Inn I wasn't sure what to expect.  The Quality Inn & Suites in Sun Prairie had really nice staff that catered to our needs.  They even let us check in early (despite the fact that we arrived at 11 AM and check in was at 3 PM).  Ms. Patel helped us and she was very nice.  They have a pretty large sized indoor pool and jacuzzi.  I was not so impressed by their extremely small gym (one old treadmill, a weight station and a step station).  You are better off running outside.The free Continental breakfast is pretty impressive.  They have three or four different types of cereal (with only 2% milk), coffee, pastries, fruit (bananas and oranges), hard boiled eggs and bagels.  Can't really complain.  They even have a nice size dining area with a TV. The rooms are decent.  Our room had a hot tub in the middle of the room with lots of mirrors, which was interesting.  The rooms had a fridge and microwave as well (convenient).  I definitely did not like the loud noise the air conditioner made at night (turning on and off as annoying) but I don't think it bothered me as much as my roommate.Overall, a decent stay at the Quality Inn.
3	For the "quality" of the room, I could give more stars but no one at the desk was able to answer our questions - we had trouble with the hot tub and they knew nothing. Then the maid left our A/C running after cleaning the room. We came back at 11pm to a room that was 62 degrees, while it was 65 outside. Pretty strange policy, but again they couldn't answer anything about it at the front desk; said they'd "talk to management," who apparently didn't think it was important enough to talk to us about it or apologize. I realize getting a room this cheap means you get equally cheap help from staff and management, but it's a shame these places don't operate with a bit more class.
1	Had a very brief stay here for a wedding (less than 24 hours!)  I didn't think it was the best place, but not the worst--- until I got home & the hotel is slamming over $220 on my debit card! Already posted my story on the hotel website, not going to re post.  I didn't see until I started looking into "Choice Hotel" how many people complain about this.  While many have small charges mine are ridiculous and the staff are not being honest. The manager has no customer service skills at all and continues to mis-represent herself as the General Manager, who according to records is a Mr. Patel that I have been assured will be in contact with me.  That was over 4 days ago. No call or follow up to my complaint- just another $100 debit on my card.  What a nightmare.
3	Stayed here for a week-long business trip as my usual lodgings were all booked up. The room was clean enough but limited parking was a pain, dragging a week's worth of belongings, food and work for two people up the stairs (no elevator here) was a giant pain, and the lack of a bathroom vent was also odd as you could see the water damage on the walls from prolonged exposure to moisture. It was conveniently located near the highway and isn't too bad of a drive to Madison and Verona, although I probably should have booked something closer to Osh Kosh on the days I needed to be up there. We did not check out the pool at all.
