5	Very friendly staff and owners. I was looking for a very specific battery charger and the owner (who was working that day) really went out of his way to think about what I was trying to do, and recommended a good alternative. Additionally he called me back the next day with more information. I didn't end up purchasing the charger but went back last night after special ordering a couple of RV batteries. Great price, batteries were there within a day and a half, and this time working the desk was the manager who was also extremely helpful and friendly. Highly recommended.
1	Wow...rude owners (husband and wife hung up on me) who are unwilling to back thier products.  I bought a UTV battery that did not work and they blamed me for the negative charge it had.  After contacting another location and then the corp. office, it turns out that an informed/technically capable owner would simply have discharged and recharged it for me.  Too bad he does not know enough about his business to suggest that.  I would not do business with them again.  I had to go through my CC company to get resolution.
4	As the name implies, they sell batteries.  All kinds of batteries.  This is the closest battery shop to my house.  The staff seems to know their products, and the prices are comparable to other battery shops.  Usually I come here for the large lead-acid battery for my UPS.  Today we actually came for a tiny watch battery.  They had it, and the price was reasonable.You can probably beat the prices online, but there is value to having someone who can answer your questions and give advice.  Plus it is easier to return something here.  And shipping some of those heavy batteries would not be cheap.For ordinary alkaline batteries I go to Costco.  For just about anything else I come here.
5	Not only was their prices better than what I found elsewhere for my kids "quad" battery, but they also installed two batteries in an electric scooter for me ON THE SPOT! One item I needed was out of stock, but the ordered it from another store and had it there the next day. The called me multiple times to let me know it was in. Very friendly and outstanding customer service. Thank You!
1	You think a place called BATTERY GIANT would have every kind of battery a person would need. WRONG. customer service was terrible and they quickly tried to shoo me out the door. Do not ever plan on returning.
5	Great place!!!  I took a Diesel watch in to get a new battery.  Originally I was told that I would have to take it to a jeweler, but Joshua Billings was asked to take a look at it and in seconds, had to battery out and a new one put in.  He was also kind enough to reset the time.  I was very impressed with this business and with Mr. Billings !!
