5	I was referred to Arizona Advanced Dermatology from a friend of mine awhile back, specifically to Dr. Machnau.  While I was happy with the dermatologist I'd seen previously, I thought I'd change it up a bit this time around since I was overdue for a check-up, and Jared needed one too... and I'm a firm believer that it never hurts to get opinions from other doctors.So, I called a few weeks ago and scheduled appointments for both me and my husband to see Dr. Machnau.  The office staff was friendly on the phone and made the process easy and painless.  They also called the day before our appointments to confirm - another good sign!We showed up to the office today a bit early to fill out paperwork and while we had to wait a bit, it wasn't too long.  We noted that this is a brand new office and it's clean and welcoming.  We were shown to separate rooms and we were both in and out within an hour... not bad at all!  The best part was that we both were pleased with the amount of time Dr. Machnau spent with us.  She was extremely knowledgeable and took her time with each of us.  I wanted her to do a thorough check of my entire body for birth marks, and she did... and although I've heard that this office is known for excellent botox and cosmetic work, it wasn't even brought up as an option for me since I made it clear I wasn't interested (at least for now).Bottom line:  I highly recommend Arizona Advanced Dermatology, specifically Dr. Machnau, if you're looking for a dermatologist in the North Scottsdale area.
1	I'm very disappointed with the service I received on my last visit. The front desk was very friendly; however, I had a long wait time (30 minutes) before I saw Jessica Rosenblum PA. I originally came in to get a refill prescription of Accutane but I also had another skin concern that I brought up to Jessica. I had a very small sized bump on my abdomen which she diagnosed by looking at it and told me that liquid nitrogen would get rid of it. I was not aware of the side effects of liquid nitrogen or received any other treatment options. Jessica placed the liquid nitrogen on my abdomen and put a bandage over it. I was excited that it was treated but little did I know that it would leave a bad scar twice as big as the originally bump and the bump is still present on my abdomen. I made several attempts to contact Jessica. On my last attempt I left my availability time on the answering machine but did not receive a response back as to why she even suggested the treatment since I read several articles online stating the bump I had would go away by itself on an average of 2-3 months. I really regret going to her for medical advice. She is not someone at this clinic I would schedule an appointment with.
4	The check receptionist was "OK", The check out receptionist was much more welcoming. The nurse was great and Jennae Porter PA-C was awesome! Would def refer and I plan on making this my Derm place!
2	My primary care physician here in Phoenix referred me to AZ Advanced Dermatology on Highland in Phoenix for an evaluation of several suspect moles and other skin markings several years ago.   That visit with Dr Machnau was unremarkable.   I had quite a bit of sun damage on my skin in my youth so I figured I should be checked every few years and just had another appointment with Dr Machnau this past week.  I have to say it was the shortest appointment I've ever had with an MD in my life (I'm 55 years old).    The doctor arrived in the examining room and I swear she was in and out of there in 3 minutes.   She VERY rapidly examined my face, scalp, shoulders, back, chest, legs, and feet.   There was precious little interaction or communication with me.   I have to say that it's seems hard for me to believe that a skilled physician could so quickly perform a careful inspection of an entire body.   The visit certainly did not inspire confidence that every spot and lesion was evaluated.   I will certainly make arrangements to see another dermatologist the next time I get checked.
2	This is the most INEFFICIENT doctors office I've ever been to. I sat in the waiting room for an hour before finally being called in. Then I waited another 30 minutes in the exam room. Once the PA came in everything was good, but Christ.
1	The receptionist Sonia is uninformed, unhelpful and rude. She is losing them business. I called to make an appt and was so turned off that I will not be using their services, due to her terrible attitude.
1	I have been waiting months to see Dr. Bill Halmi for a skin condition and pre-cancerous skin care, as a result of spending the last 10 years of my military service in the Middle East. When I got there, I waited about 30 minutes, was called in and told I needed to undress for the Doctor, putting on a paper robe. I was asked if it was okay if a female intern join him and I said that I preferred not. When Bill came in, he asked me "What's your problem?" He acted as if he had a chip on his shoulder, barely gave me a cursory look, told me that using anything other than freezing two spots on my head and ear was unethical, and that he refused to do it. I had been told that a fraxel laser could be used to clear my skin condition. After I told him this, he became angrier, and they were freckles, get over it. He left the room, came back and froze the two spots, left, and I never saw him again. Not a goodbye, don't ever come back, please check with the MA in the front office, or anything. I sit there in shock, and to this day I do not understand what he meant by using a laser to treat my skin was unethical. I perceive that he was pissed because I did not want to have a female intern present. He needs to learn about other cultures and religions, and learn to respect them. I will never recommend him to anyone, nor will I visit his office again.
5	I have been going to Dr Bill Halmi for three years and have found him to be honest and open about what treatment works best for my rosecea. As with every disease it is the same with skin conditions every doctor had their own treatment plans and things they will do or not do.I had VBeam treatment for redness about two years ago and was very pleased with the outcome. Again this is not a treatment that works for everyone but I happen to be lucky enough that it works.Today August 28, 2014 I went back to have another round of VBeam.  De Halmi has not changes and was the same. The one thing that changed was his prices. For me they had dropped and I was thrilled. I also asked him about another condition and he told me there really isn't anything to be done about it. At least he didn't charge me tons of money for nothing. I for one appreciate his honesty and will continue to go to him.
