5	I was not exactly sure what NLP was when I bought the deal from AmazonLocal, but I was hoping it could help me with anxiety and some issues I've been having. I knew something was wrong on a subconscious level since I've tried everything else to help with anxiety/depression (i.e. medication, counseling, acupuncture, diet/nutrition, herbs, energy healing, etc). I had no idea how life-changing these sessions would be! After the first meeting, I felt agitated because Geoff, the practitioner, starts getting to the core issues of why you behave the way you do. It is incredibly eye-opening once you are ready to change.  I am so glad I continued with the sessions because in a few weeks, I have made breakthroughs that I would not have in years of therapy. I can see how my life can change into anything I want it to be because I am being freed from the way my mind has been programmed from a young age. I feel like I have just gotten out of prison after being absolved of a crime I never committed.I highly recommend these sessions for anyone that feels that their life could be better for any reason. Geoff, is a well-trained, highly effective, and professional practitioner who is easy to talk to. Kelly, the receptionist, was so helpful in finding scheduling that worked for me and is also great to talk to and answer any questions one may have about the sessions. It is definitely a process, but one I am very grateful to have begun, one that will finally change my life into what I had only dared to hope it could be.
5	The expressions "It changed my life" and "life-changing" are bandied about today so as to become cliche. But there is nothing cliche or prosaic about the enormous transformation I've undergone in my sessions with Geoff. He helped me to discover and reveal to the world my greatest, best self - the self I'd kept locked in a fortress of fear buried under layers of anxiety.I've lived through some pretty heavy and serious experiences that I'd resigned myself to always being adversely affected by - "That's just the way it is," I'd think. But Geoff's ability to zero in on exactly who I was, what I wanted from life, and what was holding me back, coupled with his ability to know exactly what I needed to achieve my desired end results, equalled SUCCESS!! After three months of working with Geoff, I'm happier and more at peace than I've ever been. Anxiety and general "uptightness" have been replaced with enthusiasm, and I wake up every morning looking forward to what the day holds in store for me. I would encourage anyone considering Geoff's services to be patient, trust the process, and understand that he's a somewhat unconventional guy - but hey, conventional and "normal" never got me anywhere before! An extrodinary person is required to help us make extrordinary gains.
5	Never heard of NLP, wasn't sure what it really was, and certainly didn't anticipate the awesome experience it turned out to be. Geoff provided eye-opening conversations and life-changing visualizations that I find myself using on a daily basis to stay in the new, peaceful and confident frame of mind I now experience.Thanks to this very unconventional individual's therapy, I now feel free to be the not-so-conventional individual I always thought I had to be - whew! what a relief! Guess it's never too late to learn to be comfortable in your own skin!  Thanks, Geoff (and Kelly for your encouraging chats and Shiloh for your unconditional acceptance.)
1	The only thing I will say is,  BUYER BEWARE.   Sessions are charged upfront, so be careful!
5	This is an incredible opportunity to have a very kind and dynamic person reflect the core issues that are the causes of the symptoms that we describe and describe and try to alleviate with traditional therapies. WOW! Feels good to have this new information that helps me make sense of all those questionable decisions in my life.He is like a diplomatic Mentalist with a British accent. Very cool. He delivered potentially devastating information in a way that inspired me to change.
