1	Reiss Properties is one of the most unprofessional property management companies I have ever dealt with. They are shady group and have horrible customer service.
1	RUN, RUN, RUN!!  Please don't make the same mistake my husband and I made.  There are too many property management companies in Las Vegas to deal with and you don't need to deal with one with people who are rude, arrogant and disrespectful liars.  Specifically Erika L, Steven W, and Calia M.  To make a very long story short.  I rented a house managed by these people.  We relocated here from California and needed to move in a hurry.  First red flag, they raised the deposit from one month's rent, to a month & a half, right before I was supposed to send them the deposit.  On the day of move in, I alerted them the fan in the family room was not working.  I was told it was going to be fixed, after 10 months I got tired of the lies.  I sent Erika an email complaining about their customer service and received a very rude response.  My husband called her to talk to her about the issue and she hung up on him.  We decided not to sign a new lease, I wrote them a letter as to why, and then all hell broke loose.  It got so bad, with un-necassary phone calls from Steven and rude letters from Calia that we even contacted the owner of the property.  (Unfortunately he was no help, birds of a feather flock together.)  We wanted to get away from these people so badly we moved out before the lease was over and still paid the remaining rent.  You would think that would end the story but oh, no!  I had the house and carpets professionally cleaned, sent them the receipts and they STILL charged me.  They REFUSED to give me my money back.  Calia said I was lying and that the house was filthy.  Which was insane since her own pictures showed a clean house.  I contacted the owner of Reiss Properties, Michael Reiss.  He told me that he didn't know why I was contacting him because he doesn't deal with the day to day (like he's flipping Donald Trump) but if I wanted to sue, go ahead because I would be wasting my time.  Well I did sue, and I got my money back.  The judge said to them, "That was an extraordinarily clean house. Your own pictures made their case."  Wiping the smug looks off of Steven, Calia, Michael Reiss and even the property owner, Jonathan J., faces was worth more than the money.
1	Steve and Claudia are very rude.  Michael Reiss is a nice guy, but has hired the two rudest, most incompetent, morons imaginable.  These people scammed me out of $350 after stealing it out of my deposit.  We rented from these people for 1.5 years.  We had a 3BR house and we are single family.  Before we left we spent a couple hundred to get it spotless and our lawn guy came (as he did every month) to get the lawn in order.  They still charged us $150 for the lawn service and $100 for cleaning service.  What they do is, they wait until the end of the month to take pictures of the lawn and the house.  Of course after a month of no one living in it the weeds are going to grow back and the house is going to get dusty.  Then they take pictures of everything and charge you double.  This is the most unethical and conniving company I have ever dealt with.  If you have a chance to talk to Claudia or Steve, just punch yourself in the face, you'll have a better time with it.
1	Horrible company!!! We leased a home from them for two years we were NEVER late with the rent. When we moved out we paid to have the house professionally cleaned, it was cleaner than when we moved in, they still took 500 of our deposit for cleaning and to replace a garage remote that was broken due to wear and tear not neglect. There staff is rude, unprofessional and I will never deal with them again.  PLEASE WHAT EVER YOU DO, DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY.
