5	How often are you going to get married?  There is only one place to go.  Suzanne's!  She is by the far the most charming, special person that makes shopping for your dress so easy.  She is accomodating, detailed, specific and she works her tail off.  What I thought was going to be a trying experience was the easiest part of my wedding day.  She was instrumental in fitting my dress.  The personal service that she gave me and my wedding party was stellar.  She's a terrific person.  I cannot begin to thank her enough.
2	I just went dress shopping here with my MOH and we were both disappointed. The shop seemed dirty and the dresses were dirty (makeup & oil from brides trying them on). The dresses were all kept in bags and the salesperson put the dresses in the dressing room and left me to take them out of the bags! I could only find 3 dresses that I was remotely interested in trying on.
4	Suzanne's is a great spot for a bride on any budget. They have a large selection of dresses and the staff is extremely helpful. Suzanne was very friendly and easy to work with. I absolutely loved my dress and it fit like a glove after all the alterations.  Just as a heads up to the brides out there looking for a dress, budget in the costs of alterations and having your dress pressed. I paid about an additional $200 for these fees that I was definitely not expecting. I would highly recommend Suzanne's as a place to start in your dress search.  Mahalo Suzanne!
2	I feel terrible writing a less-than-flattering review, but bridal gown shopping is a BIG deal, and a very high-involvement decision.I found Suzanne's via a recommendation from another wedding vendor, She raved about the store and said the owner was amazing and did great alterations. Perhaps if I had been assisted by the owner, I would have had a better experience. My sales associate was awkward and didn't even introduce herself. She lacked confidence and didn't seem to know the inventory very well. When it came time to try on, she asked if I wanted her to help, or if I'd rather have my mom help...I was a little taken aback, I expect to have an associate who knows how the gowns function and fit help me with the gowns.She didn't even try to zip up the gowns and would clamp them to my bra...and even pinched my skin into the clamps. "oh, am I hurting you?" she asked when I winced in pain. "Yes, you clamped my skin."The rooms are very small and don't offer a lot of privacy, I had to wait a long time to get a view of the dresses in a 360 mirror. Like I said, I think I would have had a much better experience if I had worked with the owner, but you should be able to get a similar level of service from other staff members at salons.
2	I would not recommend going to this bridal salon.  The service is definetly not so hot.  The first time i went to the store, the sales lady acted less then interested, but I went back because they had a designer I wanted to try on...initially the consultation was going fabulous, but then the sales lady disappered...and never came back.  There are definetly better shops in the area.
5	After going to Davids Bridal, I Do I Do Bridal, Brides by Demetrios, and a number of others I stumbled upon Suzannes Bridal. With having less than great service at the other places I visited, Suzannes just blew me away with the incredible customer service, dedication, perfect alterations, and knowledge. Every time I came in they remembered me by name and what dress I had purchased. I initially went in knowing different aspects of what I liked in a dress but had not found a dress with everything I wanted. I told the sales woman what I liked and she immediately knew what to pull for me. She pulled ONE dress and it was the one I fell in live with and had everything I wanted in a dress! And the prices... you seriously cannot beat them... I tried! Plus 10% off paid in full and the same for your bridesmaids! I was floored with how incredible the entire experience was and how they came in early and left late, worked overtime, and went above and beyond to please me and my bridal party. Simply PERFECT. I am now in my best friends wedding and we are going through the process again and I am simply amazed with the lengths they go to please and make everything perfect during such a stressful time. Suzanne personally helped both me and now my best friend and she was amazing!!!!!!
5	Went there with a friend who was trying on wedding dresses.  The staff was really helpfully and really seemed to listen to what the bride to be wanted.  The prices on all their dresses are really great and they still look like a million bucks. Would definitely recommend this place as a first stop for bridal shopping.
4	The shop doesn't look like much on the outside but they have a lot of wedding dresses to choose from.  They also have a lot of "off the rack" dresses that you can purchase.  I wasn't planning on buying a dress the day I went in.  It was more of a "let's stop there and look and see what they have" situation.  Well, they were having a sale on the "off the rack" dresses which were "name your own price".  I was also able to try them on, and I didn't even have an appointment!  The staff was really friendly and I'd definitely recommend them.
5	I came here as a nervous newly engaged girl. Tiffany helped me to pick out the dresses I wanted and then recommended some that I might like. Even if I don't buy my dress there, I would recommend it to anyone in the wedding party.
1	I made an appointment a week in advance at suzannes and when I arrived they were confused as to why I wasn't on their appoitment book. There were no other customers in there and acted like she was doing me a favor for "getting me in" even though I made the appointment. I told her I liked mermaid/trumpet style dresses and she said we don't have very many because they arnt in style and people don't like them. She told me to go around and look for dresses I liked. Once I picked a few dresses out she grabbed me a bra and closed the dressing room curtain...I was standing there wondering what to do next. She was off helping someone who came in shortly after us she said I could put the first dress on. I ended up upzipping and taking out all of my dresses struggling to put them on (some were heavy!)  A few times I came out and she was no where to be found,and when she was ...she was busy talking to a co-worker about non-work related topics about text messages she got from someone. I felt releived I didn't like any of the dresses because from my experience (or lack there of) I wouldn't want to do business with a store with such bad customer service. I have heard good things about this store and I was greatly disappointed. I'm a business owner and rarely give bad reviews ,but I feel shopping for a wedding dress is sooo important and special and I didn't feel either of those.
4	I had a great experience at Suzanne's today.  I have to admit, much better than what I expected when first walking in.  I had just left a different store thinking that I had found THE DRESS and still walking on my happy-I-found-my-dress cloud.  Walking in and seeing the rows of dresses in big plastic dresses I was not impressed.One of the staff introduced herself and started asking more about my wedding and style of dress.  While we were looking through all of the dresses ourselves, she was also helping and bringing dresses she thought I would like.The dressing rooms were a little small but me, the attendant, my MOH, and the big pouffy dresses fit, so I guess it was big enough.  I tried on about 8-10 dresses and found three that are giving THE DRESS from the other store a run for its money.  The dresses were better than I thought they would be, the service was better than I expected, and it was one more lesson to not judge a store by the outside.I haven't purchased my dress yet, but there is a good chance it might come from Suzanne's.
5	Found my dress at a great price and have had a wonderful experience at this shop. The owner does some of the best alterations in the state.
5	I just loved Suzanne's Bridal. It was the only bridal store I felt genuinely helped. They really listened to my needs and suggested dresses that fit me so well. I felt very welcome and not overwhelmed (like I had at other salons). The selection is really great, and each visit there throughout the wedding planning process was a positive one.When I first walked into the store, it was to try on a specific dress I was told they had. It turned out, they had just sold it and I could not try it on. I was a bit devastated at first, but Katie (the lady who helped me) was very eager and sweet, and made similar and also different dress suggestions for me to try on. The people there aren't on commission, so I really was encouraged and felt supported. I found my wedding dress that day, and was so happy I had followed her advice and suggestions. The alterations process was pretty positive, too. I believe Suzanne does all of the alterations, and although there were some frustrating moments, over-all this piece of it was positive, too.
5	Great selection, great service, great experience.  They found 'the dress' for my daughter by the 3rd dress she tried on.  They listened to her likes and dislikes and understood her figure.   This was the first shop we visited and after 3 more shops went back and bought 'the dress'.
1	I was sort of disappointed in Suzanne's Bridal. I wanted to like it because everyone else does but I had some issues. The girl I had first didn't offer to make any suggestions or help me narrow down my style which was bad for me because I didn't have a solid idea of what I wanted. Then, my dress came in a month later than they told me it would and they didn't even call me to let me know. I live in Flagstaff so when I needed to schedule alterations, a girl I spoke with told me that I could come down to the shop on a Friday and have a fitting. And then, to make it easier for me, she said I would then be able to take my dress home the following day if I was willing to stay until the evening to get it. When I drove down to my fitting, they then said that wasn't possible because Suzanne does her alterations in three steps. So, instead of Saturday, I could take it home on Sunday. I had only booked a hotel room for Friday night based on what I was told on the phone prior. So now, I will have to come down another weekend because I have to back in Flagstaff Saturday night. This only adds so much more stress to my last month before the wedding. There hasn't been good communication coming from Suzanne and her staff throughout my experience. I wish, now, I had gone with a different shop.
4	I just had my appointment today with Lindsay S. who was fantastic!  She was super helpful and very  respectful of my budget which I totally did not expect.  She was also great about getting my opinion in the dressing room away from my mom to make sure that I wasn't just trying to make my mom happy so if you have an opinionated mom (luckily mine isn't but she can seem that way) Lindsay does a great job of focusing on the fact that it's the bride's day.  The shop was very tidy, had plenty of seating room, tons of mirrors, and lots of natural light which I loved.  I couldn't decide on a dress but Lindsay wrote down the name and model number of the dresses so I could come back and know exactly what dresses I needed to try on.
5	Let me start out by saying that if I could rate Suzanne's Bridal higher than 5 stars I would definitely do so!  Let me give you a little bit of background about how Suzanne's bridal shop basically saved my wedding and my sanity.I originally purchased my beautiful Maggie Sottero gown in Las Vegas.  I had fallen in love with the gown and found it for a great price.  Unfortunately, after waiting 3 months to get my dress in I tried it on and it was way too tight!  With all of the alterations needing to be done to my beautiful lace gown I thought I might as well get a new dress and sell my old one.  That way I could at least save some money since I didn't really have any extra money to spare since it was all going towards the wedding.  Now, by this time it was already late Feb. and my wedding was at the end of May in California.  I began to call shops all over Arizona asking if they had my beautiful gown in my size.  Unfortunately none of them did and I began to panic.  I had a fallen in love with my gown and didn't want to have to sacrifice getting another one.  I had asked countless shops if they could order my dress and have it to me in time but they couldn't.  I was so desperate that my fiancee and I began calling shops all over the country!  None of them could help.  I finally made an appointment to see Suzanne.  I went in, showed her my dress, and she worked her magic.  Now, Suzanne reassured me that she was the number 1 seller of Maggie Sottero dresses in all of Arizona and if she wanted a dress by a certain time she could get it.  She told me she could order my dress and have it for me 1 week before my wedding.  Now, was this pushing it?  Yes!  I had already gone through the disaster of getting my dress and it not fitting but Suzanne put my fears at ease and told me to trust her.  So, I did.  Let me tell you, it was one of the BEST things I did!  Not only did my dress come in on time, it was in a week early.  Now, that still meant that my wedding was 2 weeks away and the dress this time was a little big on me.  Suzanne, who is extremely BUSY as the owner also does the alterations. It was the middle of May, prime wedding season in Arizona and she still managed to fit me into her schedule and have my alterations done within in a few days.  I was amazed with how much she extended herself, working late just so that I could have the dress of my dreams.  Honestly, I felt so beautiful on my wedding day and it was all because of her!  She is truly amazing and I know there is no other shop or owner who would have done that for me besides Suzanne.  So if you are reading this review and wondering where to go shop for your wedding dress or bridesmaid dresses....go to Suzanne's Bridal.  Her friendly staff and Suzanne herself will make sure that your big day is spectacular and that you will have the dress of your dreams!!!  I would recommend her to anyone and everyone!!!
3	Suzanne's is a great shop to go to if you want a large selection of wedding gowns. The service was pretty good, but the store seemed very dirty. I ended up saying yes to the dress here, but ordered from a different store solely because of how dirty the store seemed. I felt that since they do not take great care in the appearance of the store, they may do the same to my dress. They also have a good selection of bridesmaid dresses, but they were overpriced and they were not willing to negotiate, so once again I took my business elsewhere. All in all, like I said, a great place to go to because of their selection, but take caution on the things mentioned above.
4	I would definitely suggest going to Suzanne's to look for a bridal gown.  I did a ton of research on places and went to a few others, but eventually purchased my dress here.  From start to finish I didn't have any issues, was regarded with courteous attention and personal care by all staff members, including Suzanne herself.  My dress arrived quickly, alterations were easy, and I had nothing but good encounters.  They have a huge selection, they do alterations on site, and overall offer the "just right" level of care you need for wedding dress shopping.  The only reason I didn't give 5-stars is just since I have been to other bridal shops and seen the premier/luxury customer experience that they offer, and Suzanne's doesn't have that glamorous experience.  But again, it's really about finding the right dress and being treated like a valued customer so if the decor isn't as glitzy it's not a huge deal.
5	This little unassuming shop is tucked around the corner of a strip mall containing Big Lots. But once you step inside prepare to be amazed. Suzanne and her staff were absolutely a pleasure to work with! I saw Tuesday for my consultation and found my dream dress in just a few tries. They are upfront and cheerful and happy to help. There is also a 10% discount that they can offer you if you pay in full. The alterations costs were very reasonable and done impeccably well. Suzanne, the owner, is also one of the many seamstresses on staff and she is amazing.
1	Suzanne's has a great selection of dresses. I knew when we were married in April 2009 that I wanted a Maggie Soterro gown so choosing this boutique was a no brainer. In all fairness, my dress was perfect. Suzanne herself did the alterations and it was perfection. Unfortunately, our patronage did not stop with my gown and thus the slippery slope began.My mother also purchased her dress from Suzanne's and while it was nice, it was discovered on the day of the wedding that an entire seam had be left open during alterations. Strike one. My groom, his groomsmen, ushers, and fathers all rented their tuxedos from here as well. I am not exaggerating when I say there was something wrong with every single (count it, 7!) tuxedo. Holes in the shirts, lipstick on the collars, ivory and white shirts mixed together, wrong sizes, the list goes on and on. The best part of it all was my husband's shoe breaking during pre-ceremony pictures. He switched shoes with his best man so as to stay on solid ground during our wedding :) Coming in a close second was my father-in-law being peed on by one of the owner's dogs (in a bridal shop?!) when he went to go pick up his tux. A BIG strike two.The icing on the cake was while my husband and I were on our honeymoon. Suzanne called my mother to tell her all of the tuxedos had not been returned (untrue.) While my mom calmly explained everything that had gone wrong, Suzanne yelled at her and accused my husband of doing something to break the shoe, that I was ungrateful, etc...I really didn't consider myself to be a bridezilla, found the comments to be totally unfounded and offensive toward myself, my husband and my mom. Oh, and the phone call was ended in a lovely professional way-she hung up on my mom after laying into her. Strike three, you're out.I know weddings don't go perfectly. After it was said and done the issues with the tuxedos were a joke in a our family. However, the treatment we received from Suzanne (the owner) was unprofessional, rude and childish. I can't recommend this shop to anyone. Spend a little more money and go somewhere that has more to offer than just selection.
3	We came here a week ago for a Maggie Sottero gown.  They didn't have the style I was looking for in store but I was able to pick a few gowns to try on.  They have a good selection of dresses and pretty up-to-date.  There are rows and rows of dresses in plastic covers.  After going to several other wedding boutiques..I really dislike looking at wedding gowns through plastic covers.  It's frustrating when you can't tell how the dress really looks and the salesperson is not there to help.The salesperson who greeted us at the reception desk ended up helping me throughout my stay.  She was very short of words and emotionless.  I don't think she smiled once the whole time we were there.  Regardless, she was there to help and pulled a couple of dresses off the manikin for me to try on.  I would recommend this place to other brides...just don't expect superb service.
1	FYI Suzanne's Bridal Boutique in Gilbert is by far the absolute worst place I have ever stepped foot in! Yes the dresses are pretty but seriously their service is worse than horrible!!! They have terrible customer service. They are by far the rudest people I have ever met. The charge hundreds of dollars more for dresses that you can buy online for next to nothing. ANNNDDDDDD they have the worst alterations, they truly are pathetic! The faberic was coming apart and had to get them to fix it, but worst of all was the corset they put in this dress was off by a half an inch on one side. Their way of explaining it was "oh you just pull it tighter" REALLY?!? Seriously save yourself the time, money, and frustration GO ANYWHERE BUT HERE! Shopping for your wedding dress is supposed to be a happy time not a time where you are to be treated with 0 respect.
5	I LOVE SUZANNES!!! They are the best... after shopping at several bridal stores looking for the perfect dress I finally found it at Suzannes.... I actually went to Suzannes a few times before deciding. I worked with Rosina and she was amazing... she was patient and took her time, I never felt pressured to make a decision, overall she made my dress shopping experience just like I had always imagined it to be. I recommend anyone looking for a wedding dress to give Suzanne's a try. Don't be fooled by the storefront as its tucked away in the corner of a rundown strip mall. Their prices for dresses and alterations are very reasonable and Suzanne does an awesome job making sure you are completely satisfied with your purchase......
4	Did NOT purchase my gown here, BUT the staff was very sweet and helpful.  Tisha helped me out a lot and helped me find the direction for a gown that fit my figure the best.  This was the first shop I went to when i started gown hunting and went in with my idea of what I wanted my gown to look like.  Tisha put me in exactly what I had initially asked for and I soon realized that my vision was very boring and did nothing for my figure. I asked her to get me gowns that she think would fit my figure and came back with options I never would think I could get away with!! I almost purchased a gown here, but found a better gown elsewhere.  I wanted to still review this place because Tisha was great.
4	*note* this is a preliminary review. I purchased my wedding gown from Suzanne's about five months ago and they have been great so far. This store was the only one that had the perfect gown (I looked at a few places in town). They had a large selection of lots of different types of dresses, all shapes and styles, and they have trunk shows here often so you can see even more dresses. My gown came in to the store last week and I went to try it on today. The ladies there were helpful and Heather is too funny. My only complaint is that I called them back after being notified that my gown was in, and the girl who answered the phone had no knowledge of the store. I asked her if I needed an appointment to come try on the dress and she replied 'Do you want an appointment?' ......I don't know...... do I NEED an appointment??? This girl was ridiculous, can't remember who it was. Anyway, she told me I didn't need an appointment, but I figured I would double check this morning and the girl who was there then told me that I did need one. This girl should probably not be answering the phone. Anyway, this complaint is minor and I would definitely recommend Suzanne's for your wedding gown needs.PS I will update after the wedding to let you know how their follow through is and how the dress turned out in the end!
1	This was my first stop in looking for a wedding dress.  The manager questioned my budget as soon as I walked in and she wasn't too thrilled with what I was looking for.  She told me I would not have any luck finding the dress I had in mind.  I tried on two dresses.  When it came to the end of my appointment and we were discussing the alteration options the manager told me that getting buttons on my dress was a bad idea in case I gained weight.  She also said they would order the dress 3-4 sizes bigger.  I would not recommend this place.  They are unpleasant and condescending.  I recommend Wedding Belles, the complete opposite of this place.
1	I don't even want to give this boutique one star, but sadly you need to select one. I initially very satisfied with this boutique.  Especially the associate who helped me in the beginning.  The other girls are very snotty.  They don't smile.  And they make you feel like a bother.  The boutique as a whole was nice to me up until I bought my dress, then it all went down hill.  They were making mistakes and not apologizing instead turning the situation around on me, two days before my wedding. My advice is STAY AWAY if you want to be treated with some decency while planning your wedding, because this boutique did not care!
1	How do you like your service???I could tell you how I don't like it...Fake and people to act like they are better than everyone and their S*** don't stink mentality.And I am positive if the sales reps don't like you and your needs they will run and tell Suzanne behind the curtain & if you listen close I'm sure you can hear them talking s***. So beware!I should have listened to my Mother who is Cebuano and steered clear of the Igurots as her and my best friends family like to call them.  I will never recommend this place to keep things short and simple unlike the rest of my reviews.
1	I went here with my maid of honor to look for bridesmaids dresses and was immediately disappointed with how overpriced their bridesmaids dresses were. Most of the selection was nice but even the most simple dresses were no less then $200. The ones I actually liked were around $260 and up. I'm sorry but I think it's ridiculous to have my bridesmaids spend that kind of money on dress they may not even like. My overall experience at Suzanne's was blah. We really didn't get any type of guidance or help in any way. The girls were incredibly fake and just looking to make a sale. I had a better experience at David's bridal, and even that was terrible!
4	Don't let the bland exterior of this shop fool you. (And on that note, it probably wouldn't hurt the spruce the outer layer a bit but it definitely improves on the inside) my sister suggested checking this place out after a friend of hers found a gown here on sale for about $400. They have a wide variety of gowns, many of which I loved and tried on. I ended up finding the perfect gown as a half off final sale sample dress, but the process could have been a bit better. I went into my first appointment with a consultant who might have been fairly new. It seemed she was still learning the ropes, but was still very nice and as helpful as she could be. She was the one who ended up pulling the winning dress from the sales rack, however, it was about 3 sizes too big, which is the average size of all their samples. When I tried the dress on, she didn't clamp it very well in the back so it was difficult to visualize how it would look after alterations. But I admired all the details of the dress nonetheless. Secondly we spoke about a petticoat to complete the fullness of the dress but I wasn't offered one. She did bring over a hairpiece and shoes on my request to help move the image along. I had no intentions of buying a dress, so I put it aside and thought I would sleep on it. Immediately the next morning I made an appointment to try just that dress on and I was met with Brittany, a seemingly experienced consultant. Even the way she prepped and laid out of the dress was a huge difference from the previous consultant. This time I asked her to clamp it in as tight as possible and she offered up the petticoat, which I didn't know they had for fitting. Had the previous consultant done all this, I would have bought the dress from her because it totally change my questionable decision, and I was 100% certain on buying the dress. Overall, my experience with Suzanne's bridal is great, I got a beautiful dress on an amazing price, and it was almost painless. The dress, although a sample, was in fantastic shape and no major flaws.
1	Stopped by to look, --not impressed at all--. Very poor lighting, dirty dressing rooms, VERY high prices. Small things like accessories are marked up way over retail(dresses seemed pretty outrageous too)!!I am not plus sized but I'm also not a size 2. If you are over a size 10 in bridal (which is a size 8 in street clothing), there will be no dresses for you to try on here. There was 1 dress I was able to try. It was very expensive for not much dress and the alterations were very very pricey compared to other stores!!Sales girls at the desk are not only RUDE and SNOTTY but also seem confused on how to ring you out for a simple trinket, EVEN WHEN PAYING CASH. I would not be at all comfortable with trusting my big day to these people.
5	Anyone who bashed this boutique could not be more wrong!I almost didn't make the trip to Gilbert after reading the terrible customer service reviews, but I am so glad that I did! Not only are the gowns the most beautiful I have found, but the service was phenomenal! Cody, who helped me, was so sweet and understanding of my picky taste. The layout is also much better than the other boutiques I have been to, where they simply select the gowns for you to try on and do not allow you to see the collection. Cody, my mother, and I each looked through the gowns, comparing what we liked, and between the three of us, came up with some really good choices.Cody even pulled out a dress that was beautiful on the rack but was nothing like what I had in mind, and I loved it so much that now it is actually one of my choices! Great boutique, wonderful service, and definitely worth the trip if you don't live close to Gilbert!
5	Perfect experience! I had several appointments planned with other boutiques and canceled them all after one trip to Suzanne's. I worked with Cody and she was the most honest, sweet and patient sales person. I felt zero pressure and all the confidence that I was getting what I wanted. They had such a large variety of styles, very reasonable prices, and do all of the alterations in house which is a huge savings of time, money, and hassle.  I would recommend them to any bride.
5	Magaly was amazing! And so very helpful finding the perfect dress for me. After having a horrible experience at David's Bridal I came to Suzanne's very hesitate. I was sad that I hadn't had this "ah-ha" moment yet with a dress. Well, the FIRST dress I tried on, I cried. I had found "the one". I tried on a couple others but in the end, I went with the first one. They even let us bring in stuff for mimosas. The whole experience was amazing and I couldn't have asked for more. I'm excited to see the rest of the process of having Suzanne alter my dress and make it fit me to a T. I highly recommend this place!!!
5	Suzanne and her staff were excellent! I had my dress done and ready two months prior to my actual wedding date. My dress fit me amazingly and I was a happy bride!
5	I had a wonderful experience at Suzanne's bridal.  The staff was very friendly and helpful.  Suzanne actually helped me herself and was so personable.  She made me feel like an important client.  I thought the selection was pretty good too.   I would recommend making a stop here.
5	I came to Susannes bridal to look for a prom sees for my daughter. We found many nice things but nothing seemed to be right for that occasion.I returned in October 2008 to find a ball gown for my daughters cancer victory party. We found the perfect blue ball gown and my daughter felt beautiful for the first time in months of chemo. The night of the ball in November 2008 she was the belle of the ball and had the best time ever and memories were made. 5 months later my daughter would be laying in her casket in that dress. I never dreamed.My youngest daughter got married and we came here to find her dress. Susanne the owner remembered me and my other daughter. She treated is like we were her only customers. I came back in 2012 to her a formal dress for a cruise and I loved it, it was the first time I had been fitted for a formal dress.Here it is 2014 and I just got finished trying on all different kinds of dresses and found the perfect one. I cannot recommend this bridal shoppe enough. It is the best
5	Loved it! Brooke helped us out and she was amazing. She wasn't fake and didn't "love" everything. She let us talk a bit and then shared what she thought as well. She made the process very easy and did a great job. She was comfortable and confident. I ended up getting my dress here - after already having tried on about 65 dresses. It looked amazing and I am so happy!
5	Love .. Love Suzanne and her staff. Buying your wedding dress is by far on of the most amazing yet nerve wracking decision ever, however for some reason I felt calmed and really happy. Something I didn't feel in other bridal boutiques. The staff is professional,  understanding,  and they are really knowledgeable of every designer. Suzanne is so hands on with every bride and she works on your dress until it is Perfect! I couldn't possibly look more beautiful on my special day.
5	Had a wonderful experience with my consultant Victoria. It was such a great time and no one was pushy. Victoria was there for me & not just wanting to make a sale. She made me feel like she was there just for me. I am so happy I ended up finding the one! Thank you! I would recommend this place to any any bride!
4	PROs: Great selection of dresses. Generally very flexible scheduling and friendly staff. Suzanne is so motherly and wonderful, and very good at her alterations, even with lace and cup size. I found the dress I wanted at $400-700 less than what I was told I would "have" to pay for it, when I was shopping in the San Jose area near where I live. (I was looking for lace, open back, structured A-line/trumpet.)CONs: Because they're great, they're busy. I had to wait at most of my appointments, and a couple of times they called to ask me to reschedule (postpone) appointments; I was an out of town bride, so I couldn't, and they were great about making it work. But I did sometimes feel like I wasn't super...convenient?...for them. I also was a little surprised at my alteration price -- about $200 more than I was quoted as the "typical," since I needed more than just a hemming...and I'm guessing most people might need more than just a hemming. Probably the only really bad part of my experience was that my dress was missing a button on my wedding day, when I went to put it on at my venue...not entirely sure if it came to me missing a button because they were busy, so I can't say for sure. But the one button that held up the top of my keyhole back was pretty loose, too. It wasn't a big deal to me, since the dress stayed up just fine all night and I just loved my wedding -- but that might be something that could really ruin someone else's experience.BUT, like I said, I still came in at a reasonable price after alterations (given the ballpark price I was looking at in the Bay Area), and my dress really did fit beautifully. Suzanne's was generally a pleasant and low-stress experience for me.
