4	I have been here 3 or 4 times and all but last night was very good food and a good value.  However, last night some of my friends met me there for dinner and there must have been a different chef because my favorite dish, the Santa Fe Chicken didn't have the usual sauce and it was O.K. but not as good as usual.  Also, the portions were smaller.  We each had the full size portions and they were about the same size as the half portions usually are.  I will go back again but I will call first to find out if the chef that is usually there is going to be there.
4	Not quite sure how I've missed this place for so long.  I guess it's not too close to my place and not off a road I drive on often, so it's easy to overlook.  However, when a friend wanted to meet up here late night to do business, I was happy to find they still served food.  Yup, 24/7 food, and pretty decent food at that.  I had a turkey melt with avocado and it was great.  But the best part is that apparently from 12am-3am, everything on the menu is 50% off.  So what was normally a $9 sandwich cost me under $5.  I often find myself wanting food in these hours, and fast food just doesn't cut it.  Will have to add Porchlight Grille to my list of late night haunts.
5	I'm a little reluctant to let people in on this secret. I eat here several times or more each week. The quality of food is exceptional for a local bar. They run excellent half price specials. The service is always great for me. The staff is friendly. The half price menu midnight to 3:00am can sometimes draw in a sizable crowd on weekends.
5	I totally agree with the other reviews but what I need to tell you that it is the people who hang out at the porchlight is what sets it apart from the rest!   As soon as you walk in you are not only greeted by the staff but by the really great and friendly customer base that makes it their 2nd home of choice.   Everyone makes it a point to get to know you so that no matter if you are with your friends or happen to walk in alone, you feel comfortable and at ease.    This combined with an AWESOME food selection and great daily specials makes it a warm, comfortable and fun filled experience day or night!!!
5	Lived 5 minutes from here for 3 years and never thought of going in until I saw the Yelp reviews.  Luckily for them - it was about 2 am and I needed food so filtered for "Open Now".I have never had eggs cooked as well as they do here except at really nice restaurants.  The omelette was nice and fluffy without being overcooked.  I can't count the number of times you either get overcooked eggs or something watery.  Hash browns were wonderful - nice and crispy on the outside and the potatoes inside were nice and cooked.  Sometimes you get a bunch of raw pieces but not here.Also got a side of sausage - I don't know where they get it or how they cook it but it was PERFECT.  Nice and crispy on the outside and juicy and fatty on the inside.  Just a really nice place to get breakfast which is served 24/7.  Haven't tried the sandwiches and may do so on another occasion.  The pricing was very reasonable as well - though I don't rate places based on prices but rather just food quality.Go there!  Service is good too.  Really nice waitresses.
3	Must update to reflect 2 additional trips.  The quality here is up and down as you'd expect from a 24 hour bar/video poker den.  Last time my omelette was overcooked and the bacon in the omelette wasn't greate.  The service is up and down cause there aren't many people in the grill area.All in all though - it's not a bad option.   And you might get the cook I had the first time who cooked a really nice omelette.  Sausage is still great.  French toast isn't bad but maybe a little too sweet.
2	I used to frequent this place back about two years ago every Sunday.  It's a ritual at my workplace - after work on Sunday night, we all head to Porchlight, shoot some pool, have a few drinks and snacks, and leave around six or seven AM.  Overall, I've been here about twelve times.Used to have KILLER sliders and service.Nowadays?  I stopped in the other day to grab some sliders and catch up with some friends.  No waitress, the bartender was swamped.  Took forever to get a drink.  The once fantastic sliders...?  What happened to them?  They were so bland, a shadow of what they once were.  Where are the good bartenders?  What happened to the overall quality and attitude of this place?I don't understand why my coworkers *still* come here!  Pool tables?  But seriously, there are many other, better places with pool tables.  Go find them, because this establishment is not one of them you should frequent. Return to form, Porchlight!  Please!
4	Wanted to try a new place on a Saturday Night but didn't want to pay strip prices for good food.  Saw the photos of the food at Porchlight on their website and knew it was the place to try.  We got there and the dining area was deserted.  Poked my head into the connected bar which was about half filled with patrons.  The Waitress said she would be right over and sure enough came quickly.  I asked her if the food was good and she told me it was very good and she would buy my dinner if I didn't like it.  Whether she mean't it or not, I intended to hold her to it if the food was horrible.  Luckily for her and for me and the fam, it wasn't horrible.  In fact it was pretty good especially for the reasonable price.  I am surprised that the dining area was deserted the entire time we ate there which, on a saturday night around 7 there should have been someone else there.  We started with the fried artichoke hearts which were good but could have used a garlic mayo based sauce instead of, or in addition to, the marinara and butter sauce they provided.  I had the French Country Chicken which was in a nice brie sauce with lots of flavor.  My wife had the Turkey Club which was very good.  The daughter had the pizza which I thought was very well crafted for a kids pizza.    I have a feeling this place would be better if they had a regular dining crowd instead of the occasional diner as the food, although good, was a bit off.  There were a lot of other interesting dishes to try next time, and there will be a next time.Give it a try! Expect good, hearty food at a great price and you won't be disappointed.9/16/2012 update: They are really making an effort to increase business and track Yelp reviews!  The food is excellent.  Give it a try!  The staff is very friendly!
5	Very social group in the tavern-gaming area.alot of regulars.have the gaucho wings! Unfreakin believing delciousness!
4	Burgers... Here again!!This is my neighborhood spot.the food is good with some interesting combos and the sweet potato fries are unbeatable. Pretty good service with very few exceptions.One night, a regular wanted the machine I was sitting at. The bartender politely explained the situation and asked if we would be willing to move. I happily agreed and he took care of our first drinks to say thank you. Based on this expereience, I have gone back to find a great, comfy bar... They won my business and my respect, so I will continue to go back.See you there!
1	This place is very close to my home, so we thought we would give it a try in hopes of finding a nice little local bar that has eats and drinks.  Upon arriving in the late evening there were only two other people in the bar other then the Bartender and Waitress.  The bartender never once looked up from texting on his phone nor did he even acknowledge our presence.  We sat in a booth near the bar, when the waitress finally came over she was also of the same mindset. No friendliness or small talk with us. After we decided we just wanted some wine, we asked if the bottles were available to purchase (to save some money, there were 3 of us). She laughed and said no. Then the Bartender finally looked up from his phone and told her we could get a bottle.  We asked for a bottle with 3 glasses of ice.  When she brought us the bottle we again asked for the ice, but no luck.  Once the bottle was opened  we never saw her again.  Never got our Ice, we got up and got our own. Sat there for roughly 2 hrs and she walked by 1 time to check on us, mind you there were about 4 people in the place so it wasn't like it was busy.  After our bottle was empty we waited for her to come back by so we could order some more drinks, she never did. Bartender was busy doing his own thing.  Finally after a while we  saw her sitting at the bar with some male customers that had just come in, so we thought she was off duty.  No she just sat there laughing and joking around with them all the while the rest of the bar was ignored. We finally got up and asked for our check, and she got up and went back to work.  (well if you can call it that) we cashed out, they made up some ridiculous price for the bottle of cheap red wine we had ( $30.00 they serve the same at Olive Garden for 22 a bottle) (our mistake I guess we should have asked how much it would be) and left.  I have never see worse service or a more UNFRIENDLY staff at a bar. Will never go back and will spread the word this place is not for anyone who expects a drink or service.  Too bad, we never even got a chance to order a bite to eat. If i were the owner I would spend some time there without their knowledge  to see his staff in action.  My rating....poor poor poor. Go somewhere that they actually want you to drink and spend money!
5	The food is great at the Porchlight!  They have a chicken carbonara pasta that is creamy and rich (get the half portion) and the pizzas are just big enough to fill you up and still take some for that midnight snack.  This place has a separate dining area that is well maintained for those who don't want the bar atmosphere. But the bar atmosphere is the best part!!  All the bartenders are fun and engaging- they have a large tv screen for important events, and Monday nights are free slot tournaments.I bring all my friends from out of town to this bar because it's a nice mix of ultralounge and dive-bar.
3	Food was decent. Service was good. The bar was a little smoky.
4	What a return to FORM!How nice to be pleasantly surprised - I was urged to return by management and I'm glad I did!First off - the place was sparkling.  Squeaky clean interior, exterior, glasses spotless.The staff was polite, friendly, and it seemed there was a usual crowd in there chatting and hitting it off with the staff.  Good vibe.The BBQ sandwich I had was good... best part of it was the crispy, delicious bread.  I would have preferred a bit more chicken in there, felt lost in the wonderful bread, but it was still good.  The sweet potato fries are still delicious as can be and I enjoyed it as a bite.  Would gladly visit again.
4	This place is pretty cool. Good place to watch the game and get a cold beer. I am huge on staff, and they made me feel pretty welcome here. I don't much care for Shauna (bartender), but everybody else that works there has been really welcoming and friendly. I have been back several times now and the owner has even come over and had a nice chat with me before and thanked me for coming in. The food is delicious and the atmosphere is comfortable and clean.
4	The gaucho wings.unfreakin believable! Garlic butter cilantro deliciousness ;) they offer them on the football menu.I was ther mondayFun! And delicious! Kinda smokey
5	The most amazing burger I've had in quite some time! Quality bun, a decidedly un-pre-formed/frozen burger patty, and plenty of great flavor! And! the burger came with a side of sweet potato fries accompanied by some kind of amazing maple dipping sauce! Blew my freakin' mind, it was so good! :)
4	Upon entering the establishment, I was pleasantly surprised at the nice digs here..... bartender was attentive and friendly, had a few beers, played some blackjack (no win) I didn't get a chance to sample the food here although i hear good things about it and the gaucho wings?  So will have to return to get the FULL experience... so far I would reco this spot.... will update after I gnosh on some grubb!!!!L8tr
2	This place did not grab me in any way. It felt awkward just being in there. My beer was fine, but selection could be better. There was a ton of food options, but nothing really jumped out at me. My friend enjoyed a burger, but said it was just a burger. Nothing special or spectacular for his taste-buds. The atmosphere was very nerving. The bartender didnt really seem to partake much in his customers. Sat and watched tv if no one needed anything. Even when I had this very intoxicated old man who almost fell on me twice, the bartender still did nothing. He was clearly too drunk for his own good. His friends were just as obnoxious and did nothing. I have experienced way better bars. Doubt I will go back here.
5	First off Aaron is a great bartender! I've had the 25 dollar Kobe burgers, and I've had the $15 Bachi buger. I beg you to try this burger and tell me it's not as good or better than them. Please don't change a thing!
4	They have one of the best late night menus - everything is half off except for steaks!  Their burgers are so tasty - 10 ounce burger with choice of fries.   We came here ordered 2 burger combos and a gaucho chicken wings all for less than 15 bucks...it was a steal.This is the best late night burger and I would come during regular hours but might as well wait till midnight when it's half off.The gaucho wings's flavor is definitely one of a kind.  They are buttery, full of cilantro and garlic and is a perfect compliment to a nice ice cold brew.This place has its share of locals and it can be a little smokey so beware but the food is top notch.  Best value burger!
5	Love this place!  The first time I went, the bartender was friendly, the machines were hot, and the food was great.  Since then, the machines have cooled down (typical) but the staff and food are consistent.  Once in a while they will have special events for groups- but even then, you feel very welcomed here.
4	My dad and step-mom love this place. It's like their neighborhood bar/hangout. So when we go to the west side of town to have lunch or dinner it's likely that we'll end up eating here.They have a surprisingly large selection of vegetarian food. Their meatless pizzas were tasty, and they recently added a vegetarian patty to their burger options.They also have cider, which is a definitely plus!
4	When we first moved to Vegas, a family friend took us here for lunch. It is a bit smokey inside, which is surprising because I never really see many people here. So far, most of the food I have ordered was pretty good. My favorite has been the Turkey Melt. Sounds boring, I know, but it was delicious with avocado and sourdough bread. The one thing I would not recommend is their Tri-Tip Sliders. The bread was too crunchy, making them difficult to eat and leaving a mess.The bar area is very clean. They have couches in front of their huge flat screen TV where you can relax and watch sports. If there is a specific game you want to watch, just ask and they will happily put it on for you. Service has always been friendly and attentive.Sometimes I wonder how this place stays in business, since its not crowded at all. Maybe business picks up during football season? I don't drink alcohol, so I usually don't hang out at bars. However, because of the good food, calm environment and location, I don't mind coming here at all.
4	good service, always empty - kind of makes you wonder. The food is not bad AT ALL but it is typical bar fare, potato skins, fried stuffs etc. They do have a great lunch special for $8.95. Includes any two choices (like half of any two sandwiched on list) and a salad. Not bad!
1	I had been here once a couple years ago with the family and found the food to be really good. I took a look at the menu today and decided to make my way over. For some reason, I didn't know why I hadn't been back for so long.Came in with my kids and went to the dining room separated from the bar because the kids aren't allowed in the bar area. That's when I remembered why I hadn't been back for so long. Due to the separation of the two rooms, no one ever checks to see if there is anyone in the dining room.I glanced around to see if they had any cameras so people could see if anyone was there. Nope. The windows to the bar were just about a couple feet above the back of the bench seating so nobody can visually see if anyone was in there.3 minutes went by. Kitchen staff employee #1 walked from the kitchen to the bathroom. That's a good sign. He'll alert the wait staff that there was a dude with 2 kids waiting in the dining room.4 minutes pass. Kitchen staff employee #2 walked from the kitchen to the bathroom. Seems he changed and was leaving for the day. He exited out the bar entrance. Maybe he would tell someone that there were people there. Nada.5 minutes later we leave.Please continue to come here for awesome food. But if you are like me no matter how good the food is, if you don't pay attention to the people who walk in the door when they are hungry it makes no damn difference.
5	The food is really good bar food.  You can go and not everything is deep fried.  Nice daily specials, very fresh ingredients.  I love the Thai skewers with Asian slaw.  Salads are super tasty too!
3	Menu has a lot of items. Cider on tap! Food left a little to be desired. Steak sandwich was a hunk of steak (not sliced on a roll).
5	Great service. My new favorite place for breakfast. Try the 3 Amigos.  Basic breakfast done right Wonderful for meetings  quiet and never crowed
4	Best bartenders in town. I've tried something different every time I eat here and it's all pretty good. The menu is diverse.  A little something for everyone. The machines aren't that loose but they're always being used by regulars, so maybe they know something I don't.
4	Having come here on a somewhat regular basis I would say I've discovered why people who love this bar REALLY love this bar. The bartenders are amazing. They know your name, what you want to drink,and I've seen personalized service to regulars unlike anywhere I've ever been. I hate saying how great this place is because I don't want it to get crowded but that's a disservice to those who work here. All I can say is, anyone who's just been here once really can't give an accurate review. Come here 3 or 4 times and you'll feel like Norm from Cheers.  Seriously, if you live in Vegas and have done the whole PTs , Dolly's, or whatever, if you give this place less than 4 stars your out of your mind.
3	Service is still great, food is still great, but DAMN these are by far the tightest machines in Summerlin. I think I'll stick to paying for my drinks. It's WAY cheaper.
5	Live in the neighborhood! Its a great clean bar! Great food 24 hours btw. They are hidin a bit. They have gaming! The servers are very nice. Have many tvs in the bar area. Also a very quite restaurant side if you like privacy! Check it out. You wont regret it.
4	Very good place to hang out after work. Consistently good food and different specials every day. The restaurant is divided into a 'bar area' with tvs and what not, and a quiet side area where you can eat in peace.
1	Never thought I'd write a bad review of this place.  It's been my "go to" neighborhood restaurant for at least five years.  After a long, hard day at work, I often go by myself for some good food and relaxed atmosphere on the restaurant side of the place.Last night I ordered a gorgonzola burger. My burger came out with a very mild, yellow cheese on it.  I decided to eat it anyway, as I was starving, but mentioned to my server that I had ordered gorgonzola and gotten cheddar.  I declined a different burger, as I'd already started eating and it was fine, just not what I'd ordered.  She came back in a few minutes to tell me that the chef had told her that the cheese *was* gorgonzola, and that cheddar melted brown and gorgonzola melted yellow.  I respectfully disagreed.  When my check came, I was charged for a gorgonzola burger.  I asked that the charge for the burger be reduced to the price of a regular cheeseburger (about a dollar).  This prompted a visit by the bartender, but no offer to adjust my bill.  There was also an extra dollar charge on my bill, which was either for gorgonzola cheese or sweet potato fries -- I couldn't figure it out, and no one came back to answer questions.  I paid the bill, but they have lost a long-time, regular customer.
5	Porchlight has redeemed itself.  Roberta, the operations manager, noticed my last review and has made everything right.  The food is back to delicious, the staff were friendly and helpful, and the atmosphere is still great for getting together with friends for dinner.  Went with friends tonight, and a good time was had by all.Thanks, Roberta.  Glad to be back!
4	My review is for Chef Natalie. YUM!!! I ordered 2 pizzas to go. My friend did not want a typical tomato sauce base she wanted a  "WHITE PIZZA" which is not ON the menu but Santana (a very nice waitress) inquired with Chef Natalie who suggested trying an ALFREDO SAUCE. It sounded good so I said yes. I had them add Chicken, Roasted Garlic, Goat Cheese and other stuff i can not remember now but IT WAS ABSOLUTELY DELICIOUS!! Chef Natalie I would highhly suggest adding your Alfredo Sauce as an option on your pizza menu!! The bartenders especially L.J. are very nice and the menu choices are great. Yes, i will be returning to the Porchlight!
5	I've finally found a local bar. I've been looking for a great local hangout for months now, and although I don't go out every weekend, I've been slowly crossing off options. Some friends and I literally stumbled upon Porchlight after pulling in to investigate the brew pub signage and looking to see if it was open. After a quick Yelp search and mention of comfy couches, we figured why not have a drink here! Wow what a surprise it was!The inside of this place is beautiful, and there is plentiful, modern, and comfortable seating all around. They had a big display with alcohol and other items that was really cool as well. They also had a pool table, darts, and golden tee! What else could you need?!Here's what I look for in a bar:1) nice atmosphere 2) good beer3) good prices4) some games to play5) great service This place hit the first 4 in stride, but the great service is what will make this my favorite bar going forward. We had Bridgette as a server, and she was positively wonderful! She was attentive, friendly, very honest and helpful. We put money in the pool table, and it didn't give us all the balls, when I was only asking about if this is common and if there's some trick to get them out, the manager was so apologetic and said they were supposed to put up an out of order sign... He said he would take a drink off the bill! Without me saying anything extra! Wow!The drinks were also insanely well priced. 6.50 for a huge Guinness, yes please.  I won't be bringing my business anywhere else for awhile, and I can't wait to come watch some basketball games on their huge projector screen! The dart machine was also a serious amount of fun, who knew?
5	Love this place! We are actually becoming regulars here now! It's an awesome bar, love the layout, great atmosphere and great team, delicious food and drinks all for fair prices. Also the options to watch sports is amazing, they have a huge screen with sofa chairs and a big couch in front of it and more screens all around. You can play darts, pool, golden Tee and more! It's so much fun! Also the food is seriously the best! We tried the chicken wings during the happy hour and the sauces were phenomenal! Can't wait to be back!
4	This is a great all spot for food at happy hour ( 12am) that's the one I go  to. Don't know when it ends though. Service is iffy sometimes. But when its half off everything. But steak and fish. You can't really go wrong.
4	Yummm great late night spot, lots of smoke, but there is a side closed off for diners who are sensitive to that environment.  I had a shrimp Caesar salad, my buddy's had burgers... Thurs. Burgers are 8$ with a side.. They both liked their meal.  We are coming back for the last Sunday on every month.. For this insane 20$ Bloody Mary.  It is ( I think) 11-1 and holy crap, is a meal in itself... Not to mention... 4 shots of vodka, lobster, shrimp bacon and a slim jim olives and peppers... I hear they run out quick... Def on my bucket list... Maybe with less booze... They are open late, but you have to ring the bell after a certain hour... I like that, as a female... It feels more safe.  I've dined in and ordered take out, They have gaming, pool darts and tv's.  I want to try the ahi salad and the veggie burger next... Or just have the Bloody Mary as my main dish "liquid breakfast"
4	Fun, locals bar! The staff here are very cool and attentive. I've had some gambling luck here, which is a plus and a reason to return. The food is average bar food, but I've had the pizza and it's a good choice.
