4	This shop is down the quiet end of a lively street.  Everything about it is strictly utilitarian.  Old sign that's been there for 30+ years.  Seats that will hold you up but not offer much comfort.  Really weird looking art (2 yellowed pics) on the walls.  They don't even have napkins out for grabbing. You have to request it from the guys behind the counter, which they will give to you sparingly.And yet?  The basic bar food that they serve is the best. They will not be rushed, waiting for the perfect toasting of pita bread to wrap your chicken souflaki.  They use iceberg lettuce. But hey they've got a great sauce for the chicken.  And hey, it's bar food.  The fries, which any American (in the US, not North American, sorry Canadians) can get done well in the US - well, the fries at Royal stand out. Why?  Because the default for fries anywhere in Quebec or Ontario is for these weird brown colored fries that have crappy taste and no shape.  I'm not talking poutine-influenced fries.  I'm talking fries as is.  Limp, tasteless, utterly disappointing.  Restaurants.  Places on the side of the road.  I've had countless disappointments with Canadian fries.  Not so with Royal.Also the pizzas are delicious.  I have a friend who prefers such Boston crap pizzas as Anthony's on Comm Ave in Boston, italian over greek sauce.  Royal in Montreal is run by Greeks, and I guess have Greek pizza sauce.  And it's terrific.  It's the only place where I get onion and cheese because he uses great white onions.  What can I say?  It's also spotless.  These old guys are the real deal.  Good food, service, and an eye for cleanliness.  No decor sense to save their lives.  But I don't want to pay for that.This place does not advertise.  Their lights in the windows are dim bulbs, making them blend in with a darkened street.  But the place is always busy & delivering (better decor).  Everyone knows this is the place to go to quench that certain hankering.
2	Just another boring sub shop, nothing really good without being horrible.
2	This is the kind of place that I wish I could love. They do deliver very fast and don't screw up the orders. Their prices are also dirt cheap. $5 cheaper for a 2 Souvlaki Plate Dish than Arahova, but oh so not worth it.The chicken pieces are good, but the bread, tzatziki, lettuce and tomatoes were bad.The fries were limp and the salad was all lettuce and one slice of tomato. Not a Greek salad. The hot dogs were terrible, pricier than belle province but worse.Their pizzas were a letdown, I like Greek Style Pizza, and it fails here. The only redeeming feature here is the subs, it's their specialty.Legend has it a guy once came out of a coma and first thing he asked for was a Royal sub.When I moved here, my mission was to find a cheap place that has a varied selection of greasy spoon types of food within walking distance,but I have found it Beaubien Nouveau Systeme.
2	I'm really disappointed that this place sucks. It's the only real greasyspoon near work, and so I was stoked when I found it. I ordered from the list of trios and got the hot dog and poutine special. They asked how I liked my hot dogs, I said all dressed. Ten minutes later, I get a poutine made from shoestring freezer fries and what looks like a powdered gravy. The hot dog comes out and it's a nice big hot dog, except that it's dressed with lettuce and mustard. WHO'S IDEA OF ALL DRESSED IS THAT?! So the poutine was miserable, the dog was weird, but could have been good if I dressed it properly (had I known all dressed meant making it the worst hot dog ever). All that said, I can't give this place 1 star, I didn't even have a sub, which is their flagship item. So I go with 2 stars. I doubt I'll ever go back, but if I do, i'll try the sub.
