5	Been here twice and got compliments on both haircuts.  Highly recommended.  Will definitely be back.
5	I just moved to Mesa and I'm so glad I found a great stylist so soon! Dorian has cut my hair twice now and I've gotten great reviews both times. I highly recommend her! She takes her time and really tries to give you the best cut for you.
5	I tried this place out of the blue and I've been going ever since.  Had my hair done by two different people here and got excellent results both times.  They are incredibly friendly and you feel like a friend when you walk in.  Good priced mens cut, definitely worth the drive there.
5	Found MY NEW Stylist.  Actually found this salon when I took a wonderful friend  who had started losing her hair because of chemo to get her head shaved. We walked in this door and they were so gracious and lovely to deal with and showed such compassion that I couldn't wait to come in for me. They did not disappoint.  Love my cut and color. I highly recommend this salon and their staff.
4	(Male-28 from Mesa) I am particular on what I want. The reason for reading reviews on Yelp to determine where I would receive my next haircut/1st beard cleanup, as well as a haircut for my 3yr. Old Son. The one I initially decided to try was closed at 3:00 p.m on Saturdays, which I found to be a bit unprofessional in that regard alone.  It was 2:54 p.m, they had the door locked and seemed to be finishing someone up inside. I was frustrated and also agitated. I was walking back to my vehicle with my boy and one of the stylists came out from Salon Amarian (A Paul Mitchell focus salon mind you) and gladly invited us in to do our cuts. I mentioned I was picky and hesistant for them to do Men's hair, in which they assured that they were knowledgeable and skilled enough to pull it off. I was relieved and opted for this last minute alternative by default,  fate, whatever you wish to call it. They were all extremely polite, attentive, patient, going above and beyond to prove themselves as well as gain the customers' trust and satisfaction. I could not have been happier with our results. And would recommend them to anyone.  And no worries fellas..they got ya'.
5	Stopped in for a quick trim, and they were fabulous! Staff was great, knowledgeable, professional, and accommodating. Dorian was very helpful on giving me tips about doing my hair, and even asked me to be a hair model for an Ombre hair session for her staff! I said yes after seeing pics that she has done. Overall great salon, I will be back ..
5	Dorian is amazing.  I have had jobs before but I now have found a new home and family.  That is exactly how she makes you feel the moment you walk into this salon.  The atmosphere is light hearted, fun and peaceful, no drama here.  All the staff gets along and has a passion for hair.  The salon is a beautiful place to work.  It is decorated so nice.  Dorian's taste is super chic.  The location is great, though it can be a little hard to see from the street.  It is located next to Baskin Robins on the NE corner of Greenfield and Main Street.  Come see us, we would love, love, love to do your hair!
