5	They are located in a newly opened suite type salon.  Each space is individually operated and decorated by their owners.  VERY CUTE! great concept, Dianne works with one other person in their nicely styled salon.  She is very personable, was on time for my apt, and greeted me warmly.  I used a groupon coupon  to which she said "great!" .  She is a very talented stylist with over 20 years of experience.  Expertly cut my hair quickly.  I was very happy with my new cut and would definitely go back! Call for appointment: 602 617 6029
5	I love this place! Diane has been my stylist for over a year...I found her with a Groupon and I have been more than pleased!  She is very friendly and efficient and always gives me a great cut and color!  Recently, I had Diane put extensions in my hair and I absolutely love them!  She does an awesome job!
1	Worst salon experience ever.  Zero customer service. I had a scheduled appointment with Brenda to have color and highlights done for which I purchased a groupon. Brenda let me know since I was going to do a full head of highlights instead of just a   half head of highlights that she would need to charge more, I told her that was fine.  I live all the way across town so I asked her if I should send her a picture of what I want before heading over , she said no, that she'll just see it when I got there.  I Also explained to her that I have a 4 month old baby at home that is exclusively breastfeeding so I'll need to go in when she's fully  available (the day before i was going to go in but she she said she would have to work around me because she had another client coming in.)  So i walk in for my appointment , show her the picture of what I want and right of the bat she was rude , she tells me " oh I don't have time to do that today and even if I could that would cost $200. " Are you kidding me ?? You don't have time to do my hair? Then why did I even come? So instead of trusting my instincts and running for the door I decided to see what she could do... so she tells me she can do a half head of highlights in the same shade of blonde. Being that i have a new baby at home and haven't been to the salon for color in a year I was pretty desperate so I said "that's fine as long as it was the same color"  and let her do my hair.  My blonde highlights came out super ORANGE all over and patchy looking in one area , it was horrible.  I literally cried after I walked out.  The whole time she was doing my hair she kept talking on her cell phone and texting.  She was in a hurry and was talking to someone about an event she had to be at in the next hour.  Of course now I know why" you don't have enough time to do a full head of highlights today." She was very rude and five minutes into doing my hair another appointment she scheduled at the same time as mine walked in so she stops doing my hair and starts on this ladies after I had already explained to her my situation.  When It was time for me to go under the dryer she did not even show me the way , I had to wonder around the hallway with foil in my hair to find my way ( the salon is located inside a huge building called L'IMAGE with a bunch of other salons inside. ) I've only been there that one time but as mentioned I had a horrible experience and just want to save others the trouble. Don't waste your time.  Pay a little more somewhere else and have quality work done. I actually have an appointment with my usual stylist that's more expensive this weekend to fix what Brenda did. I went to her to try and save a little money and now I'm paying way more than I would've just to fix this mess. It's true you get what you pay for.
