5	I visited the Cobblestone Auto Spa last week, the day after Phoenix survived the historic 100 year Haboob (dust storm). The lines were excessively long, so I decided not to wait to use the drive through wash. I came back a couple days later, and found shorter lines, and free vacuums. I have to say that for $4.99 -- you get a pretty good car wash. They advertise the $2.99 wash, but this is really just a rinse. I went for the basic wash, and thought my car came out very nice and clean. I really like that they have free vacuums (better than Weiss Guys where you have to pay to use them). Overall, I would rate this a five for quick service, good wash, and even a pretty good hand dry. My only suggestion is to bring a cloth or something to wipe out your own interior.
5	Basic wash starts out at $2.99. Free vacuums, covered outside and indoor bays available for vacuums. Plus they hand dry 3/4 of vehicle to make finishing up a breeze. Bring a towel to complete in 5 minutes.
5	I use this location for a quick wash all the time. I have always been happy. Only on occasion do they get a bit in a hurry and don't properly pre scrub my bumpers and windshield. Generally friendly folks and I like the towel down at the end - I always tip a dollar to the guy. The full Cobblestone wash location at Bell and AZ 51 is pretty good too. Yes, too much pressure for the window scratch guy and the upsell as well as the "boss" designation - but for all that, compared to my very negative experiences with Danny's I come here.
1	Worst car wash ever. Got the inside and out, vacuum and air freshener. Smell lasted one day. Looked like they took a paper towel to my dash board- it was dusty and definitely not cleaned. The tires came out shiny, but the rims were still dirty.... makes no sense to me. Oh- well. lesson learned!
4	This is the only place I ever come to get my car washed. You can't beat $2.99 for a free vacuum (you do it yourself, which I prefer since I can take my time and make sure everything gets sucked out) and a wash.  My car is never super dirty when I bring it in, only the typical dust that accumulates in the desert. But, it always comes out clean. You have to pay $4.99 to get a damp towel at the beginning and a scrub down, so sometimes I pay extra for that. I don't know why people would be unhappy here. You get what you pay for.
1	$13, and No Rain ReWashes... (even within a few hours)After spending 9.99 for a wash, and $3 tip, it rained within five hours of getting my car washed. I went back the next morning at 10 am.  I drove up, and asked for the rewash- the 2.99 would suffice-I wanted to get the spots off. I showed the gentleman my receipt. The service person's response was very rude stating, "We don't do rewashes here. Plus, what are you complaining about. You bought a six-pack for $40, just use one of your coupon tickets or go somewhere else."  I wrote the company explaining that their website clearly states a 48 hour clean car guarantee. After getting -0- responses from 2 emails and a phone call,  I won't be going back here again. Too bad, prior to this experience I was a frequent user. But, for a $10 wash, I would expect the company to honor their own policy. Go somewhere else, at least during monsoon season.Update: I did get a response after posting a yelp. The bottom line, is this company is too cheap to offer a $2.99 rewash for any reason whatsoever. Unbelievable that this is the company policy for their "Express Wash Locations".  Not that I saw that policy stated anywhere on the website or at the carwash.  Also amazing is their employee's rude behavior wasn't addressed at all. If I could change this rating to -0- stars I would. Here is "top management's" email. Yes, this was an outstanding managerial response. But hey! It's industry standard, so it's justified, right? Nor would they refund the 5 pack I had purchased, since I no longer wanted to patronize an establishment grossly lacking in ethics.copy of email:"Thank you for the email regarding your visit on Friday.  Sorry for the delay in response, with the 4th of July weekend our offices were closed.  The express washes do not come with a rain check only our full service washes this in an industry standard.  Sorry for the misunderstanding. Cobblestone does not do refunds on pre-paid wash books.  I will follow up with the management team at that location to insure they are following Cobblestones customer service policy." Best regards, Jason DyerOperations Manager
