3	I am visiting family for the holidays and joined this gym on a trial membership for the duration of my stay.  They were very accommodating and the trial was very inexpensive.  $22 for two weeks.  This is a fairly large facility, with two pools, a full size gym for basketball, etc..  a small aerobics studio, and a cardio equipment room with approximately 15 elliptical machines, 20 treadmills, 10 bikes (aside from bikes reserved for spin classes), a couple of rowing machines, a variety of Freemotion resistance machines, a free weight area, etc.   There is also plenty of parking and a day care center.   The cardio and resistance machines are mostly new and state of the art and they all face a row of several tv's that are mounted in the middle of the room.  Each is tuned to a major station, (CNN, ESPN, ABC, etc)  has closed captioning, and there is a place to plug your headphones in on each machine - though I did not see if it actually worked.I do wish they would ban the use of cell phones during your workout.  We do this at many, many gyms in the Silicon Valley and it really cuts down on the annoyance factor.   I'm here to get away from business and other issues and have some "me time" in order to clear my head and to focus on my health.  You, Jabberjaws, should be doing the same.Other than that, there is a 60 min time limit on machines, and disinfectant spray with paper towels to clean the machines after use.    Great.  Though washable hand towels may be more ecologically sound. I chose this gym because of the abundance of classes, including the ones I take at my gym at home - which are Zumba and the Les Mills classes (Bodypump, Bodycombat, etc).    They also offer Yoga, Pilates, Spinning and a variety of other classes.I took the Bodypump class and it was fine in that you know what to expect because Les Mills classes are a franchise type deal - so the choreography is always the same.  However, I was disappointed that the class was held in the Gym.   Due to the high gym ceilings it was very echo-y and difficult to hear the instructor and the music.  In addition, half of the gym was curtained off and people were playing basketball on the other side.  The noise was very distracting on top of the poor acoustics and made it even more difficult to hear.   The equipment was also pretty run down - but useable.   I understand that the facility is run by the city so one thing at a time, I suppose.The instructor was good but not great.  I have *alot* of experience with fitness classes and am a professional dancer.   I can safely say that her counts and cues were slightly off... particularly compared to other instructors I have experience with.  But , she was very friendly, attentive, and helpful. I also took the Tuesday night Zumba class and the instructor was a substitute during Xmas.   She was good but not great.  She did not follow through on movements (ie: no extension in her arms and her steps were shortened) and her rhythm was slightly off.   But she was very nice and encouraging and she knew her routines well.  I have been taking Zumba for over two years now, with several different instructors back home, and I am used to mostly VERY difficult workouts. This was not particularly hard for me, but YMMV.   If you are experienced at all with Zumba or other aerobics classes, you'll likely know how make it harder on yourself, if needed.  I never did make it to the BodyCombat class, so I can't say how that compares but I would encourage anyone to try it.  It's generally an easy to follow cardio-kickboxing class that can be modified for all levels.  When I return next year for the holidays I will likely join this gym again.   Overall, it was helpful to keep me on track with the battle of the Xmas bulge.
5	I enjoy the group exercise classes at HFFA.  The hip-hop cardio held in the gym was a pretty good workout.  The class was full and everyone had a great time.  Initially I thought I would have to step out but it quickly had me working up a sweat.  Sometimes you just have to be patient and go with the flow.  The center has an olympic sized pool and a smaller, warm pool used for swim lessons and recreational swimming.  They also have a child care center for the little ones while you are working out either in a class, on aerobic equipment, or in the free-weight area that is primarily dominated by men.  I like free weights so they will have to move over!The place can get pretty crowded after work hours with both adults and young adults (older kids).  The parking lot has been overcrowded this month.  I sincerely hope that all who are venturing out to get fit will continue the journey throughout the year.
4	Great location.  Kids really enjoy all the activities.
4	Great aquatic facility but the larger/competitive pool is FREEZING.  I was a competitive swimmer for 12 years and this is one of the coldest pools I've been in.  The warm water pool serves it's purpose but could be larger for sure.  It is very heavily used.  The facility offers a wide variety of classes and is very family friendly.  But with such a large amount of members, the facility is in need for an expansion.  The exercise room/weight room could easily be double the size and still be relatively crowded.  Overall a nice facility but starting to show a little wear and tear and in need of an expansion/renovation.
4	If you're a Huntersville resident, you should be a member of HFFA. They have an excellent facility, complete with 2 indoor pools, a full workout room, a full-size basketball court, and plenty of classes for an incredibly low price.Yes, the place gets crowded during certain times and the weight equipment could use an upgrade, but fixes for those items are in the works. I'm personally looking forward to another power rack and better floors in the weight area. In fact, I'd pay a few dollars more each month if I could get these things faster.Finally, if you have children, HFFA has several classes and activities for kids so you can get them involved in a healthy lifestyle, too.
4	I swim at this facility several times a week. There is a very small 25 yard warm water pool that is used primarily for swimming lessons, physical therapy, & recreation.  The competition pool configuration changes between 50 meters and 25 yards, depending on the day and time. While I swim in many pools, the HFFA 50 meter pool tends to be one of the cooler (temp wise) practice pools in the Charlotte area. 78 - 79 is an ideal temp for me. This pool often feels cooler than that. On one occasion, our coach even had us swim in the warm & cloudy 25 yard pool bc this pool was so cold.The facility is older, but if you are a swimmer this is a great place and will definitely meet your needs. If you are in need of any equipment, just stop by the Carolina Swim Shop located inside HFFA. Be aware that many local high schools & MAC practice here in the evening and the place gets crowded, especially the parking lot.The women's locker room is nothing to write home about, but it does have individual shower stalls with curtains and a couple of hair dryers. Children 3 and older are not allowed in the opposite gender's locker room. Moms & dads be aware that the few individual family locker rooms fill up very quickly when swim school is in session. You may have to stand with your shivering child in the cold hallway while you wait your turn. It would be great if they had men's and women's large family locker rooms rather that single rooms.My four stat rating is based primarily on the pools. It is the only fitness facility in the Lake Norman area, that I am aware of, with a 50 meter pool. While it is worn from usage and the locker rooms aren't the greatest, I like having access to a long course pool. I really wish this facility also had a steam room.
3	we are members sines 2010 and we are very happy with the classes and the gym,last weekend we wanted to do our son 6th birthday,the room was set up great  but when we needed help with more napkins , cups  and juice for the kids they run out and i had to go out and leave to the store in the middle of   my sons birthday,and above that they tried to charge us for 2 more cups that we needed .i will stay a member of the gym but no more birthdays.
2	As a parent of a swimmer this is really not a great pool for watching a meet. The stands are small and the tiny results scoreboard is blocked by the crowd if not directly behind you. Parking is atrocious. The positive is the pool is pretty new and in good condition .
3	HFFA is a year round gym and aquatics center.Pros:-No shortage of lanes for swimming.  When the pool is arranged for 25 yds, there are 6 member lanes available. When the pool is 50m, there are a minimum of 3 lanes available.-New equipment.  As of January 2014 all of the weight machines have been replaced by top of the line machines.  HFFA also expanded the cardio area to include countless ellipticals, treadmills, and stationary bikes.-Open at 5am weekdays, open relatively long hours on weekends.Cons:-The new equipment comes at a cost.  HFFA got rid of almost all the free weights.  That means no benching, squats, preacher curls, roman chair, or Captain chair.  This is a dealkiller to some, and I go to HFFA for the gym portion far less often now.-Old building.  It was just renovated in Jan 2014, but it does not feel any newer.-Pool is inconsistent in temperature.  the circulation of the pool seems strange, as one corner is noticably warmer than the rest of the pool, and the water temperature is a bit cold compared to pools I frequented in the past.
