5	Saves hours of time trying to weed through the "fly-by-night" vendors.   Only the serious professionals are going to spend over $5000. to showcase their booth.  YES, this is our investment each time we display our photography & wedding cinema studio.  We are in the business for the long run, wanting to give our brides the best product for their dollar.  ANY bridal show is worth your time & pocket change, when it comes to creating your special day .... best tip I can give:   create a wedding specific email address and enjoy spending a day, knowing your odds are great at winning a free engagement photo session, wedding gown or honeymoon suite ....
5	Omg loved this show! Im getting married this December and can't wait to go again (they have a June and January show)!  It has tons of booths and saved me a bunch of time.... I was able to book my cake company at the show because I was able to try literally 10 types of cake from different companies there and also booked my DJ.  Would def recommend to anyone who is engaged or thinks they will be soon :)
5	This was a really fun day!  They give away lots of prizes - I didn't know that...and so much to see!  The fashion show's amazing - I wanted one of each.  Also liked the booths where you could taste the food, and plenty of choices (like places for the reception or ceremony).  So many choices = a little hard to decide...but can plan everything in one day.Definitely worth the time.
4	hmm, hopefully I am reviewing the right thing...I am not sure if I was at the Bridal Fashion Debut or the Bridal Expo or the Phoenix Bridal Fashion show... there were SO many people, SO many wedding dresses, SO many people handing me photography brochures....it all became a white, fuzzy, bedazzled, blur.However, I am sure that I was at a wedding event at the Phoenix Convention Center.The fashion show was fun, and at the end, all the models through plastic flower bouquets into the crowd. Each bouquet = a prize. I am not sure what the prizes were (could  have been a $5 coupon or a gold ring) because even though I caught a bouquet (it landed on my face), someone from behind grabbed it, scratching my face and shoulder with her untrimmed nails.  "You just scratched me!" I told her.  She didn't care, she was too busy jumping up and down with glee.  So, if you sit through the fashion show, be  very careful when they throw the bouquets. You may be seated by a hungry animal with claws.Speaking of hungry, there was a variety of food vendors there sampling their popular wedding dishes (pulled pork, tacos, beans and pork, pasta, bbq pork, pork on rice...I guess pork is popular). There were also a few vendors passing out wine and margaritas. The problem was the cup sizes - they were so small!  I recommend bringing a flask, or two flasks, depending on how well you handle crowds.I was looking forward to sampling wedding cake (I am not getting married, but one of my main duties as MOH is sampling wedding cakes, and I take that job very seriously).  But there was only ONE vendor sampling cake!  And it was mediocre cake at best, with icing that tasted like it came from the grocery store. I am not dissing grocery store icing, but no one wants to look back at their (expensive) wedding pictures to see their mouth covered with grocery store level icing. No, they want to want to see the best cake they ever tasted with icing they dreamt about for years, being shoved into their mouth.There was also one vendor sampling mini-cupcakes. Honestly, they looked so....mini.But, considering at times the event was so crowded that the aisles resembled more of a mosh pit than a walk-way, I understand that it is hard to serve delicate samples of cake. And just imagine - if people were willing to claw face over plastic flowers, it would be a blood bath over delicious, beautiful cake.The Phoenix bridal show/expo/debut did offer a lot of good deals, heavily discounted dresses, raffles, and chocolate kisses.  If you can handle large crowds and a little a violence (or, if you just really like pork), it is a worthwhile couple hours if you are planning a wedding.
5	1. Get to the show early the first fashion show gets crowded-about 8:30 am2. Bring address labels or you will be writing A LOT (setting up appointments) 3. Take advantage of show specials-be ready to book there at the show for the best rates4. Wear comfortable shoes and bring a canvas bag for all the free samples, goodies, sometimes the plastic bags can break. Even a backpack is smart. 5. Don't bring kids too much to do and see-get a babysitter. My MOH made the mistake of taking her 3 year old. Bad choice. 6. Bring your friends it is sooo fun 7. Buy your tickets online, it is buy one get one free
5	The bridal show is a one stop shop for everything you need!  The fact that I could go to one place rather than run all over town and meet the actual people I will be dealing with.  My time is valuable and to save time and money as well as find ideas that I hadn't even thought of made this a great option for me.
2	I purchased my tickets online so i could attend the show with my sister who is engaged. I drove from California to take her to the show. The actual expo was awesome. Tons of vendors and all very nice. The reason I am giving 2 stars is because since I bought my tickets online, they sold my email address and phone number to all of the vendors. I have received a ridiculous amount of emails, phone calls and text from these people. I never once signed up for anything at the expo, as I was not the one getting married. I looked at the fine print after I started receiving these very annoying emails and calls to find that it does say they will share your information. We attended the expo in June, and here its mid August and I am still constantly being bombarded by these people after "unsubscribing" to almost every email.I do not recommend purchasing these tickets online. Just buy when you get there and don't give them your email or phone number.
5	I have been to the Bridal Fashion Debut about 5 times over the years as a bridesmaid and then as a bride myself.  The Bridal Fashion Debut has everything you have thought about for your wedding and everything you haven't YET thought about....they have it all under ONE roof. Don't think it is just for women either.  Grooms, I know your bride has given you autonomy to pick out at least a few things on your special day. (Tux, rings, limo, bachelor party)  I found it easy to navigate through row to row speaking to the specific vendors that I wanted to reach out to.  I think that is the difference right there when planning a wedding:  I found that I didn't want to make a thousand phone calls or visit hundreds of venues.  Going to the debut brought the vendors to me which in turn made my life easier.  I personally picked out our DJ, venue, cake, Officiant, florist, chair covers, bachelorette night, hotel and string quartet from here.  Also, the fashion shows are pretty fun to watch.  I am not sure if they still do this, but they used to throw out prizes into the audience.  If you caught one, you go to the accompanying vendor to redeem your prize.  I remember one year, my best friend won a 2 night stay at a nice resort in Scottsdale for their wedding night.
5	I enjoyed meeting the staff so courteous and helpful. He made the whole experience wonderful for me. They have my utmost respect and gratitude to them for helping me and my daughter.
