5	I am not a meat eater but love their bacon mac & cheese and the greens!  My hubby had the pilled pork with coleslaw and said it was some of the best he has ever had (and we loved in Atlanta for 10 years)...The owners are seriously sweet with  great personalities!  I cannot wait to meet up with again!
4	Having just had my first Food Truck experience last weekend I was on the prowl for another opportunity. Ben's BBQ was hosting a Food Truck Round Up today at the Nevada Cancer Institute with part of the proceeds to go for cancer research. I'm all in on eating for cancer research! There were 5 trucks at this round up. I decided to go with the host truck. I had the pulled pork sandwich, mac & cheese with bacon($2) and the smothered greens($1). They give you two choices of BBQ sauce to put on your sandwich. A Mesquite sauce and a hot sauce. I went with the hot sauce. Now my experience with Fukuburger may have spoiled me. Ben's had a person outside the truck taking orders. He was nice enough, however he did not seem interested in helping customers make selections. It was more like he just was there to take orders, nothing else. This was quite a contrast to what I experienced with Fukuburger's friendly helpful order taker. Maybe its because they seem to be relatively new to the Food Truck circuit and haven't got their game down yet. Anyways, the pulled pork was great! There seemed to be a reasonable amount of meat for the price of the sandwich ($7). I would recommend getting the pulled pork. I will definitely give them many more go chances in the future. I hope they are in the area often.
5	I had some of their smoked brisket today at a family style BBQ event at Plant World. In simple language it was the best brisket I have had here in Las Vegas. I like the smoked meats in Whole Foods, but this was hands down tastier. I ordered a three meat sampler to go; brisket, brisket, and brisket.With these food trucks doing what they are doing, the restaurants have got to step up their game.
3	Pulled pork sammie ($7) was large, but the bread was tough. The pork was tender and smokey. The bacon mac-n-cheese ($3) was short on bacon, but nice and cheesey. The food came out quick. The owner's son (I believe) was taking orders. Seemed like a nice kid but tried to overcharge me. I don't think it was intentional, he just thought 7+3 equaled 11... damn you Nevada education system!
4	Ben's BBQ is one of those newfangled gourmet food trucks that announces their location and menu on the interwebs, and it just so happens that they set up in the front of Bread and Butter in Henderson on Wednesdays, 5-8pm. Since this seems to be the closest of their stops to where I live, and my friend strongly recommended the pulled pork, I decided to give it a try.As much as I balked at discovering that it was $14 prix fixe, I ate my food without complaints... and after I pondered over it for a while and went home with half of my meal remaining, I realized that I actually liked it. It left quite a good feeling in my mouth. The BBQ sauce comes on the side (do _not_ forget it) so that you can serve yourself to taste, and it works with the tender (but perhaps slightly dry) pulled pork. They also had beef brisket and ribs, and my friend ended up raving about the ribs tonight and proclaiming their superiority over the pulled pork. Go figure.Of course, the BBQ is not the only thing on the menu. The roasted tomato soup really really works, especially when you let it cool down a little bit, and I think this was what kept my mouth in a state of umami fulfillment all night. The green beans are pretty good (and seem to have some tomato), but I really like the baked beans with kidney and black beans added for texture and flavor variation. Finally, the apple crumbled (which I hear is from Bread and Butter) was awesome, with great texture, dried cranberries, and not too much sweetness (or tartness, surprisingly)..I wouldn't eat this often since it's not really made for my wallet and I don't buy into the food truck culture, but I would recommend that you give it at least one try if you're in the area, or rather if it's in your area. It is, in a word, satisfying.
3	This review is past due. We tried Ben's BBQ at Streats. We sampled the ribs and pulled pork. The meats had a nice smoke. It was a shame the ribs were very fatty, there wasn't much meat. The pork was the better choice, though I wish the bread was better. The spicy sauce lacked the kick we hoped for, but it wasn't total weak sauce.This is one of those instances I wish there were half-stars. It wasn't quite an A-OK experience, there was room for improvement.
5	Ben's BBQ catered our summer employee (1000+ people) picnic 2 weeks ago at Floyd Lamb State Park. We are still receiving compliments from the employees on our choice of food. We had a menu of pulled pork sandwiches, chipotle lime cole slaw and peppered corn. For those with restricted diets (or kids) there were turkey hot dogs, veggie burgers and beef hot links. The pulled pork was simply delectable. It was tender and moist and had the perfect balance of smoke and flavor. The bread tasted fresh from the bakery and the sauces that accompanied the sandwiches were all equally gratifying. The spicy BBQ sauce had some serious kick! The cole slaw was outstanding, mixing chipotle flavor into a traditional southern staple was ingenious especially when added to the sandwich! The peppered corn was so tasty and seasoned people were coming back asking for seconds. They also served 300+ pounds of the sweetest watermelon I've tasted since I left the south. The staff were all attentive and genial. The guy who carved all of the watermelon in the 100+ degree heat, did so with a smile on his face. The owner of the business needs his own TV show, he was so entertaining. He socialized, danced and interacted with the employees all while overseeing the food service. This truck served all 1000 of our employees in a few hours without ever having a line or a long wait. They exceeded our expectations in every aspect and I can't wait to use them again for our next big corporate event. In the meantime I might have to hit the streets to try that BBQ again!
4	This truck is incredible. It pulled up for a happy hour after the Zappos All-Hands meeting and I am so glad it did. The guys were super friendly and the food was great! I got the brisket sandwich and my husband got the pulled pork and an order of fries. Everything was perfection. Light and delicious, not over-sauced and the fries were the perfect ratio of crinkle to crunch to potato-ey goodness. I loved the serving of cole slaw on top of the brisket it added a delightfully crispy crunch to every bite. If I happen upon this truck again, I will absolutely be in line :)
3	While at Vegas StrEATS downtown, I sampled a pulled pork sandwich that Ben's BBQ brought to the VIP yelp tent. It was pretty good so I walked down to Ben's food truck and purchased a "Hot Link Sandwich" priced at $7. It tasted good but it should have been called a hot link slider because it wasn't very big. I don't mind that it came on a hamburger bun however for the $7 it cost it should have been a bigger hamburger bun with more links in it. The bbq sauce on it was decent but it was just a drizzle and could have used some more. It was just too bad that the guy taking the order was in such a hurry (there was no line BTW) that he didn't realize my husband who was standing right next to me might want to order something. I guess he thought the $7  mini sandwich would fill us both up!? The food is good but the specials they had going on during this visit to their truck left me still hungry and feeling like I payed too much.
5	This place is a little slice of heaven on wheels. They were at the Las Vegas StrEATS festival, and I hope they will be there again. the BBQ beef was some of the best I have had and the french fries were great as well. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
4	I stopped at Ben's BBQ truck at the November 1st First Friday event. Have always wanted to try Ben's and there was no time like the present. Being a big fan of BBQ I just had to have the Pulled Pork. The Pulled Pork sandwich is served Memphis Style, which is with Cole Slaw on the sandwich.The pork was juicy and the sauce was the just right amount of tang. The added Cole Slaw brings it all together. Yes I am a Fan. Ben's - see you down the road.
1	I should learn my lesson, when going to a food truck event don't go to the truck with no line. But being a BBQ fanatic, I couldn't resist especially when they claim "smokehouse." Options available were sandwich (to include roll & cole slaw) or combo (includes roll, coleslaw & choice of side).  Meats available: pulled pork, chopped brisket, or sausage. When it comes to trucks, I try to first observe portions that others are eating but since NOBODY was, I went for the pulled pork sandwich. I paid $7 and they quickly handed over the dish, as if they knew what I wanted. I almost wished they would have pretended to put some preparation time into it, so the lack of effort & customization wasn't so obvious. But still optimistic, I stepped away to look at my "smokehouse" BBQ. I was now the "proud" owner of a big and very cold bun hiding within just as cold pulled pork, topped with a squirt of cold sauce. I immediately returned (since there was no line) & pointed out there's no cole slaw as advertised.  This received a response, "oh, we ran out of that" so I said, "if you don't have it, then shouldn't you lower your price?" The 2 guys looked at each other & laughed as if I were telling a joke. Look, it's not the dollar I'm after here (which I didn't fight any further for), it's the lack of effort and false expectation set by these people that ticks me off...so at least cross what you don't have off from the sign. I had plenty of other options but wasted my appetite on a cold dry sandwich. It appeared to be smoked, so I see potential & maybe they're good on other days, but my one (& to be only one) encounter was GARBAGE.
3	I haven't had this place on my radar, but had heard about them in the past. I am not a huge fan of food trucks, as I often find them to be overpriced and much more trouble than they are worth. That being said, when they are accessible just as I get hungry, it's hard not to take that as a sign from the Yelp gods to try out a new lunch spot. I had scouted out their menu a few days in advance knowing they were going to be in my neck of the woods and was a little disappointed to find out that they weren't offering their full menu and were instead offering just two lunch items. These were the brisket sandwich and the pulled pork sandwich. I almost always order the pulled pork at BBQ joints, but I dared to be different this time and went with the brisket and made it a combo by adding their mac n cheese. The wait wasn't too long. I guess that was the method to their madness for only offering two options. It was a drizzly day, so once I had my food I quickly ran inside to enjoy my lunch. The meat was tasty, nothing amazing and could definitely have been enhanced by a tad more BBQ sauce. It was also a little on the fatty side, which I didn't mind too much, since most brisket I have tried ends up being to dry. The sandwich was topped by coleslaw, which definitely enhanced the flavors. The mac n cheese was good. Not the best I've had, but I wouldn't hesitate to order it again if they're in the area. Overall, I wasn't blown away and I don't see myself going out of my way to try them again.
5	***This review dates back to my visit to Vegas for the Rt 91 Harvest Festival in October***This food truck was our saving grace at Rt 91!! Inaugural year for the festival, hopefully they will come back with more great options like Ben's next year. Loved the smoked hot link sandwich on night two, which made us come back for the smoked pork sandwich on night three ... it's smoked for 12 hours! And to make a great foodie find even better, Andy, the truck owner is from Boston! He and his team were wicked pissah, LOL. It was a win/win for two country girls from Cali looking for some great eats, definitely check them out!
5	Tender tender tender! Did I mention tender! The BBQ is sweet and the beef is wonderful! My chicken bowl is good but the BBQ sandwich is way better! The sauce made the meal! In fact we ordered more sauce to eat with our bread bowl. A must try for first Friday goers!
