4	I love Hungry Howies for a couple reasons-cajun crustCHEAPfasthot wing sauce3 cheesier bread and of course, deliciousness.this place gets my pizza ready in about 15 minutes...bad thing is they don't deliver past 24th street...always very friendly, prompt, clean, and i have never been disappointed. you'll never eat another dominos pizza again!
4	The first time I tried Hungry Howie's was all the way in Florida while I was on vacation.  It was late, we were hungry, and Hungry Howie's was close.  They were almost closed but they accommodated us and hooked us up with some wicked delicious pizza.  That's when I got hooked. We ordered some HH pizza the other night because we were feeling lazy.  We got 1 small bacon cheeseburger pizza (mozzarella, cheddar, bacon, and hamburger) and 1 philly cheesteak pizza (cheese sauce, steak, peppers, mushrooms, onions, and provolone cheese).  These were so delicious, we completely scarfed them down.  Gluttonous, yes but totally worth it.  HH is everything a pizza place should be, cheap, fast, and delicious.  I only take away one star because they are not closer to downtown.
4	God this place is so far from downtown!  It is totally worth the drive though.  The Philly Cheese Steak pizza was an amazing concoction that only someone who smokes a ton of weed could ever come up with.  The order was easy and was ready when I got there so no complaints from any point.  Would go back in a heartbeat but damn - build one downtown!
4	I like it here. They deliver pretty quickly and always have some good specials going on. Wings are spicy and the sauce gets all over... they don't skimp on the toppings, and the flavored crust is pretty awesome, too. Chicken strips are just that, nothing to write home about but they're pretty big. Salads aren't bad, either. I had a sandwich once, or was it a calzone? anyway, that was kinda weird, philly cheesesteak on the inside supposedly... won't be ordering that again. But yeah, this is my go-to place for pizza delivery.
4	I got the large $10 meat lovers pizza with garlic bread crust. I had a 20% off entertainment coupon.Wow, this pizza had tons of meat and cheese on it. So much meat it would make a Vegetarian sick. lolI could only eat 4 pieces and i was full. ate the rest within a few days.I plan to order more pizza's from this place soon.
1	This is about both the service and products. When I placed my order online it said my food would be ready for pick up in 15 min. I had to drive almost 10 miles to get there, so it had definitely been 15 minutes or longer by the time I walked into the store. I was told by an employee, who was standing around, to wait for another employee to get off the phone. I had to wait longer than 7 min for that, even though my food should've already been ready to pick up. After he finally finished taking an order over the phone, I told him I was picking up an order and I gave my name. He charged me, I paid, and he said he'd be right back with my food. He went to get it and realized only 2 of the 3 items I ordered were made. The missing item was the salad. He said it would be just  a few more minutes because they needed to make it. I was annoyed because they could've been making the salad while I was waiting for the one guy to get off the phone. I could've paid, gotten my food, and been on my way. But I had to wait another 5 minutes, only for them to tell me they were out of salad! The employee in the front asked me if I wanted something else or a refund. I said just give me a refund. So he gave me back the money for the salad, and when he gave me my pizza and sub, he said "Don't even worry about it!" I thought that was pretty rude because they obviously didn't have any clue about what they were putting me through as a customer, nor did they really even care. So I just took my pizza and sub and was finally on my way. After driving all the way back to my home, I began eating my sub, which was supposed to include ham, cheese, lettuce, tomatoes, parmesan, and sub sauce. Since they were out of salad, they obviously didn't have any lettuce or tomatoes, so they just stuffed my whole sub with ham and cheese. I only ate half of it because it tastes pretty gross. And they didn't even give me sub sauce or italian dressing, which was supposed to come in  the side. I can't  believe they charged me the full price of the sub, when they only gave me half the ingredients! Not only that, but why did they have to waste my time?! They should've known in advance they were out of salad so they could tell me as soon as I got there. And not just stuff my sub with only ham and cheese and then not say anything. Also someone else could've helped me instead of them making me wait for one guy to finish taking a phone order which consumed a ridiculous amount of time and attention due to the # of details. As I was leaving, I watched a guy go in and he was out with his order in less that 2 min! I will never go to this location again because the employees there were so inconsiderate and careless. And I had to go really far out of my way to go there and back! Worst Hungry Howie's experience ever! :(
5	Ordered off of grubhub last night. I ordered a pepperoni pizza with half ranch crust and half butter/cheese crust and the Italian sub. Both were delicious, especially the Italian sub was absolutely fantastic, I will definitely be ordering from here again.
5	I chose this store for an order of over 100 personal pizzas & a ton of wings for a meeting. The manager (Shawn??) was incredible, offered me a deal right off the bat, kept in touch and threw in some cinnamon bread. They even delivered in 2 shifts so nothing had to sit around and it stayed hot. Very happy, will use these guys again.
4	Pizza is great. However, the service is not. Called for delivery. When we were on hold for 15 minutes, we tried calling on a second cell phone. They immediately picked up and asked if we could hold. I said no, but they had already put me on hold. We finally hung up both cell phones when the wait time hit 25 minutes.UPDATE: This hasn't happened since, and service has improved drastically. Kudos to the owner and management team. Pizza continues to please!
5	The food was amazing! Service was amazing! I ordered food to be delivered to my work and it gave me an estimated time of 75-85 minutes, and then it updated to 50 minutes, and they actually delivered it about 15 minutes early! Not to mention the man who delivered my food was so nice! I wish I would have caught his name. I highly suggest this location!
1	Tried HH again to see if they could improve upon last visit. It got worse. The pizza is always fine: great crusts, good selection of toppings, good prices. The service at this location is horrendous. I ordered two pizzas online, 15 minutes after they opened and it said it would be ready in 20 minutes. I knew better, so I showed up after 30 minutes and they still weren't ready. After waiting another 10 minutes, she tells me that they made the wrong pizza. I had ordered a two-topping pizza plus the special two-topping pizza, which gives $1 to the Children's Hospital. They made a regular pepperoni instead of the special. She said I could either wait another 20 minutes for a new one (and let my other pizza get cold) or take the one topping pizza for the two topping price. Plus the hospital doesn't get the donation.  Unbelievable. Avoid this location. I have been here twice. Two different crews, same results both times- rip off.
5	Ordered it online for a pick up... We ordered the grilled chicken pizza and buffalo wings... Great price! Great Customer Service and food was good...
1	I've been to other Hungry Howies without problem but this one is by far the worst restaurant customer service I have ever encountered. We ordered online and after 1 hour and 30 minutes I call them and they said they came twice, knocked on the door and called my phone with no answer. I was home the entire time and my phone didn't ring once, and there was no voicemails for that matter. I was transferred to a manager who wouldn't let me explain to him that I indeed was home the entire time and didn't hear a single knock and he kept interrupting me, so quick to defend his staff. No apology. He then said the pizza was still sitting there in their restaurant and they would send it on the next truck out. At this point my food would be cold and who knows when the next delivery would go out. So I called back to cancel and explained that I would rather not pay money for cold pizza and terrible customer service and they said Ok AND HUNG UP. No apology. Didn't try to accommodate me at all. At least I was planning on paying in cash so no refund to dispute. They obviously don't care about the happiness of their customers and I refuse to give them my business ever again.
