5	This small breakfast/lunch place in an awkward spot in Verdun puches WAY above its weight... If you're in the neighbourhood, you HAVE to try it out.The prices are cheap (even by Verdun standards) and the meals are large. This place as the best quality meats (ham, bacon, sausage) I've had at any breakfast place in Montreal.The Bedine Brunch (it's the biggest meal) is great value - it's almost like two dishes. I get the sweet part (you can choose from french toast or crepe) after I've finished the savoury part.If you get something sweet, ask for the home-made carmel sauce. It costs extra, and they don't always have it, but if they do it's totally worth it!Service is always friendly and prompt - I've never waited long for a meal. Ever.
5	I loved this place. My fiancee and I visited Chez Bedine for the first time yesterday and were blown away with the attentive service and absolutely amazing breakfast food we got to fill us up.This place feels like eating at grandma's. It seems like an old house run by a tight knit group of people where every one knows your name. We saw over 15 people come in during our 45 minute meal and every single one was greeted like a seasoned customer. It's like the Cheers of breakfast places.MEALI had a Fred Special. An egg sandwich with lettuce, tomato, mayo, bacon, sausage ham nestled between 2 grilled cheese sandwiches. Yes, the bread was grilled cheese...Cheesy overload! The plate, well actually, the service platter came filled with amazingly scrumptious potatoes and a side of baked beans.My better half indulged in the brunch plate, basically the everything goes plate. 2 eggs, 3 meats, beans, potatoes, crepe and french toast. We were worried up front that they might've forgotten the crepe and french toast, but lo and behold the chef himself serve us the rest of meal obviously aware how pointless it is to bring out the entirety of your Brunch plate at the same time, since you won't get to it before it gets cold. I sampled most of her plate, and everything was delicious once again. The substituted sausage for the special maple ones was an amazing blind switch.Coffee was endless and served to hit the spot.We can safely say we've found our go-to breakfast place for the next few years as we've just moved to the area.Can't wait to try the breakfast poutine!
