2	I was excited to see a new home-cooking restaurant open in S. Chandler, as we need something that is affordable and not a chain. This restaurant is in the old Native New Yorker spot in the Safeway center.I first ordered the chicken pot pie, which was marked as a specialty, but I was informed that "they weren't serving that yet." Instead I selected the chicken fried steak. The portions were large, but the meat patties were frozen, not fresh, and had some weird seasoning that I didn't care for. I would say it's on par with Denny's, and not something I was happy paying $9.50 for. For dessert I selected the French Silk pie, which they were also out of. The German chocolate pie had a beautiful meringue top and was very good.I'd go back for a slice of pie, but won't be eating a meal there again.
2	Ok, really would give it more than 2 stars but not quite 3.  Went with my family and they all liked it fine.  I guess I am just a little picky.  We are happy that something finally opened up in this space.  Most of the customers are probably Sun Lakers...we were one of only 2 young'ish families there.  The decor was a bit blah... To be honest it reminded me of a place that Robert Irvine from Restaurant Impossible would be walking into for the "before" status.  It was clean, though.  For a Saturday afternoon lunch time, there was barely a crowd.  There was plenty of staff that didn't seem to have much to do...  The staff was friendly.  The service was fine.  I ordered a French Dip and onion rings.  It wasn't awful but it definitely wasn't the best I have ever had.  It was fine.. I ate it all.  Husband and daughter #1 had a burger.  They liked.  Daughter #2 had a BLT...she liked. They have a special going on where if you spend $30 you get a free pie.  We took home a peanut butter cup pie.  It was good..but again- nothing that I HAVE to go back for.  The lunch for 4 (only 2 of us ordered a soft drink) with tip came to around $40.  Not bad considering we got a free pie that is normally around $12.  So, overall it was just OK...
3	Decided to come here for dinner.They seem like they are trying to be good at everything. Lasagne, chicken pot pie, spaghetti, burgers, sandwiches, breakfast. Reminds me A LOT of Denny's. You even pay your check up front like an ihop/Denny's. There is no ambiance. Bare walls, green carpet, big open room with exposed ceiling and duct work, 4 (literally) decorations from a discount home outlet on the wall. We ended up eat mozzarella sticks. These mozzarella sticks are clearly from a restaurant supply company and frozen. They were gross. We ordered pie. I asked for options and all were named (like 10). Each one I order, they're out of. Finally, we found on they did have. I received the wrong pie. No manager came by, the server brought us a free slice of pie. I think it was innappropriate for a server to have to make correction sand tell me that the manager is sorry. Seems that the host, servers and managers are all inexperienced. Awkward little place. May get more pie but won be dining in again.
3	Ate lunch there today, and was pretty happy with the food and service.  Pleasant atmosphere, and because of the large windows,  it felt open and airy.  The pies are yummy and fresh.
2	We had such high expectations for this new addition to Chandler, however we were disappointed from the start.  The service was slow, the menu is very limited and seems to cater to 'soft' foods more suited to the Sr. crowd which were abundant during our visit.  They have a pretty cool offer of a free pie if your bill exceeds $30, however the pie was tossed after eating only half as it tasted more 'store-bought' than 'freshly' baked.  It's not a place to take children either as the kids menu is all but non-existent.  We will not be back for seconds
2	Went for lunch today. Wonderful service and very friendly staff.  Had a french dip, and the meat/bread and side were all fine, but the au jus was too sweet.  It wasn't bad, but I would prefer something more savory than sweet to dip in.  Ordered a selection of pies (4), and frankly, was disappointed in all of them. The filling tasted nearly identical in all 4 pies. They were bland, and more gelatinous than creamy as a "cream" pie should be.  While the meringue was nice it doesn't compensate for the blah fillings. The attempt to distinguish the different pies by adding a sprinkle of generic chocolate sprinkles on one, and a few mini-chocolate chips on another was misguided.  The inside of the pie is what really matters, and the pie cook should reduce the quantity (number of selections) and focus on nailing the recipe for a few pie varieties before swamping the customer with a huge selection of mediocre (at best) pies. All that said, the place is new, and is a much needed addition to the neighborhood. I hope they grow out of these "newbie" mistakes, and improve the quality of the food (especially the pies).  I love pie, and would gladly go back again to give them a chance to change my mind.
2	We live right across the street so I was excited to see something go in where Native used to be and decided to take my family. Won't happen again. The host/hostess were nice, and so were the two people working at the pie counter where you check out (they were the only reason this place got more than one star). My server was super nice but pretty new and left us for about 20 minutes without checking on us which left my 2 little ones super frustrated as they were ready to go. The food was not any better than Dennys, I would even say that I've had better food at Dennys. Looks/tastes like everything comes from frozen. My son dropped his car in the next booth, my daughter tried to reach it and fell into the booth. I scolded her and made her walk around. About 10 minutes after the fact a man, who I think was the owner, came over and scolded her. When I explained what happened and that I had already scolded her he looked at her and said very loudly "You're going to get me in trouble!" Really? Is embarrassing a six yo worth it? I can understand him not wanting it to happen, but respond immediately or don't respond at all. Not to mention that explaining that you don't want her to get hurt might be a better way to go about it. Clearly this is a restaurant that caters to the retirement community. They will miss out on a lot of business if they don't cater towards families. Maybe they haven't read about the incident at Chilis that had been the best PR they've had in years. We got our pie to-go and it was ok, not great, not bad, but ok. I certainly would not return and wish I read the reviews before I went this time.
4	Three of us ate here just last week and our experience was not perfect by any means but overall I give them 4 stars. The food was good, prices reasonable, and the staff handled themselves very professionally. As for the only problem we had, my husband ordered a burger medium-well but it came to the table medium-rare. The waiter and the manager apologized profusely and made him a new one that was cooked right . Because of the error they offered him a free piece of pie and did not charge for the burger. These mistakes shouldn't happen but unfortunately they do in every restaurant. What's important is how they are handled when they do and the staff here couldn't have dealt with it any better.I had the Pecan Grove salad which I thought was very good although I substituted ranch dressing for the usual raspberry vinaigrette just because I've never been a fan of that dressing anywhere. My mom ordered the meatloaf and it was just "ok" in her opinion. But she is partial to her own meatloaf and I'm guessing this was nothing like hers because many of their entrees appear to be not typical but with a touch of the Chef's own style. As for the pie, if you spend $30 on your meal you get a free pie to eat there or take home (we ate some there and took the rest home). We ordered cherry and hubby and I liked it but Mom wanted it to be sweeter. If you like a tart cherry pie you'll like this one.As for the decor, I'm not sure if they changed anything since the previous yelp reviewers visited here but I didn't see anything that looked distasteful. It is a little dark in there but that doesn't bother me. In fact, I thought the atmosphere here was much better than in most restaurants these days. The noise level here is quite low even though there was several customers dining as well and the floor plan is very open. Dining without a lot of noise, whether its an open kitchen or just noisy acoustics, seems to be rare these days. Our family, especially my mother who wears hearing aids, is very appreciative of a quieter restaurant. We will definitely come back here and give this establishment another visit.
1	Was very disappointed in this new restaurant. I ordered a Reuben with cole slaw on the side & my husband or deterred a cheeseburger. My husband's burger was just Ok, nothing special. Instead of a Rueben they brought me a BLT. Told the waitress who was very inexperienced & she then brought out a Ruben with French fries instead of cole slaw. The Reuben was awful the sauerkraut was not drained therefore the bread was very soggy. When we went to pay our bill the cashier asked how everything was & we told her about our experience said she was sorry & then took our money. Finally my husband felt he should talk to the manager just so he could maybe correct some things. He seemed kind of disinterested but did offer us a pie. We decided on a apple crumb. Couldn't even compare to the Village Inn.  I hoping they straighten things out in the future or this will be another restaurant to go down in south Chandler.
1	Well this was are second time and I think our last.It started  off bad and ended up bad. When a manager and a waitress had to apologize,  I counted 6 times, then there is something not cracking well at the old pecan grove restaurant.Here are the highlights:Were sat at a dirty tableThe ice tea was not fresh even thought she said it is made every morning. Traded cloudy ice tea in for coffee and it tasted like it was from the early morning breakfast.We ordered the BLT with crispy bacon and we got crispy charcoal. So I think you call that a, CLT.I felt bad for the waitress as she kept apologizing along with one of the managers who actually was the one that sat us at a dirty table and brought us the cloudy bad tasting ice tea.In talking to this manager about  the issues, she was apologetic with a bit of a defense  in her voice and explanationsWe were offered free pieces  of pie and chose the Butterscotch which they did not have.Went to pay and this manager was at the cash register. She was a space cadet, as she saw us walk up ready to pay and then was ready to allow another customer to go right in front of us. I had enough and had to say something, she again said for the 6th time she was sorry...............really.....really.....reallyI have read other reviews on this restaurant and they had their meals comp., and was offered a piece of pie. We should have been comp. and give a whole pie, not Butterscotch of course.I guess we should not fell so bad, two other tables were having issues as they were also offered free pie....................!!!!!!They may also want to check with the smoking laws and where customers are allowed to smoke. They have a free standing ash try right outside their front door, maybe 6 feet from the front door. I think I read the law states 50 feet from any entrance. Yes, you have to walk through some ones nasty smoke and yes there were two guys standing their smoking as we walked in. Should have been my clue to turn around and get back in my car.
4	If you enjoy a tangy lemon meringue pie with a good selection of comfort food you'll love this place. We went there tonight for the first time as we really try to support the local businesses. I admit we are a bit picky.  I had the taco salad which was way better than expected (very tasty) and the lemon pie (amazing!). My friend had the meatloaf with made from scratch mashed new potatoes (very good). You will be relieved to know it's not a hip, trendy place, nor is it a McDonalds with kids screaming and running everywhere. You'll enjoy the updated decor and the attentive service. Locally owned,  the place feels cozy and comfortable. We will definitely be back.  Ignore those early reviews when they just opened as they certainly  should be given another try.
2	This was our first time to visit the Pecan Grove Restaurant and Pie Co.  Walking up the restaurant I saw that most of the customers were a lot older then me.  So I had a premonition of how the food would taste and I was right.I ordered the Chicken Fried Steak with mashed potatoes and bacon mac and cheese.  My boyfriend ordered the meatloaf.  The dish came to me cold.  I asked them to reheat it and all they did was microwave it and the meat turned chewy and not good.  The Mac and Cheese was awful.  Not much bacon and really I think it came from a box.  Real cheese is not neon yellow.  Was really disappointed in that.  The gravy was so so.  Not sure it was homemade but it really had no taste.  My boyfriend said the meatloaf was meh.  Not great not terrible and not memorable.  The salads were actually very good.  Nice mixed greens.  We tipped out of pity and won't be back again based on the entrees.The pie was good.  They do make a great pie and really wish they had just stuck to that.  They really do that well.If you are older and like a more bland menu then this is the place.  I like my food a little more inspiring.
4	Pecan Grove is THE place for pie in Chandler. We've been here once for brunch and been back at least four times since to pick up a pie to go. Yes, I'll admit it, we're addicted to their pies.The restaurant: this is homecooking away from home, plain and simple. The food is good, and by all the empty plates, people are enjoying their meals. The prices are more Scottsdale than Chandler (a bit steep), but the quality and the care is there. When we went, they had just opened a couple weeks previously, and were still going through some growing pains, but aside from an overabundance of staff mulling about, there's nothing much to gripe over, and we'll assume the owners will figure out their staffing issues soon enough.The pies: did we mention the pies are to die for? You may ask, how good can pie really be? Well, forget store-bought pie, forget Marie Calendars, forget... well, forget the rest of them. Stop in at Pecan Grove and grab a slice. There are two kinds of apple pie, and I recommend them both: traditional with crust on the bottom and top, and then French apple with the cinnamon crumbles on top. I don't know which is better, only that I don't like going two weeks without a slice of one or the other. They're that good. The pecan pie was also incredible, and if I could stop ordering among those three, there is an intensely beautiful lemon merengue I'd love to try, but haven't gotten to, just yet. Curses, apple pies!Finally, to top it all off, I had one of the best cappuccinos of recent memory here, and with my slice of apple pie, it was a moment of true bliss.Speaking of which, if your table's bill reaches $35, you get a free pie of your choice to go. Let me tell you about the apple pie........
1	I walked in about 7:45 on a weekday and the place was pretty empty.  I was going to sit at the bar but it was dirty.  I found the cleanest table I could but it has crumbs or chunks of something sitting right next to the silverware.  The carpet was filthy with crumbs.  the table had a sheen of smeared grease.   The menus are on unlaminated paper and ragged and dirty. I almost left at this point but I decided to stick it out.   The breakfast menu is small at 1/4 of a page.  I got the eggs benedict and OJ.  The server came around 2x.  Once to take my juice order and again to deliver the juice and take my food order.  The juice glass had something stuck on it.The eggs benedict was decent.  The potatoes were good but I would have liked a hash brown option.  The fruit cup was kind of iffy.  If this place would get serious about cleaning it may have a shot.  The food wasn't bad but having a few more options would be nice (maybe a two egg breakfast instead of a 3 egger) it would be a good place. Based on what I experienced though I won't be coming back.
3	Edited Review: My husband and I took manager Matt's invitation to try Pecan Grove again for dinner. We went last night and I am able to give an improved review:Service was much better, although granted that they knew we were coming, I'm sure we had one of their better servers. He was attentive and knew the menu. I had the chicken pot pie, which was good, but a little bland. Needs something to zing it up a little, but very fresh. You also get a side salad (okay), and two sides. I had the slaw (excellent) and fruit (well, it's fruit, but it was very fresh). Really almost too much food for one entree. My husband had the French Dip sandwich with fries which he said was good, not exceptional. We did try pie and coffee. My husband really enjoyed the blueberry pie. I ordered the German Chocolate, which was just okay. I'm getting the impression their fruit pies are better than the cream pies which seem to all be topped with meringue. I'd prefer just the cream pie with a dollop of fresh whipped cream on top and leave off the meringue. My husband liked his regular coffee, my decaf was too bland.  I give them 3 stars for the freshness of the food and the improved service. Matt has told us that the breakfast menu will be extended quite soon and also that they are hoping to have live music at some point down the road, probably next year. If they can get a liquor license and offer live music, they might have a future as a low key night spot for a glass of wine and perhaps an appetizer. When the new breakfast menu appears, we will give them a try for that as well.Overall, still uneven, but better than the previous visits, and much better service. Also looks like the management really does care what their patrons think and want. That will give them a much better shot at making it in the very tough restaurant business.*******************************************************************************************Original Review:Don't Bother!!! When this place opened literally 2 minutes from my home, I was pretty excited and ready to try it. What a bust. We have been 3 times to give them a fair chance. First time for breakfast - slow service, waffle iron broken, awful coffee, waitress forgot our toast. Second time another breakfast - slightly better service - I did have the waffle and it wasn't worth waiting for, believe me. Coffee still awful so we mentioned this to the manager, who even admitted it was really bland! What kind of breakfast place would buy such terrible coffee, knowing it would be a big part of their business. Last time was for dinner. They were very slow and all the wait stuff was huddled over by the "coffee bar" chatting and laughing. Took over 10 minutes for a server to arrive. Food wasn't bad, I had the Pecan Grove Salad, but defnitely not worth all the hassle. Dirty dishes sat on the table for over 20 minutes even though the manager himself walked right by. We ordered pie to take with us to give that a try and it was extremely tasteless. (And it took another 10 minutes to bring it to us.) On top of that, I noticed the manager rolling his eyes after a difficult patron left the place. No more for us! I give them 6 months (no alcohol will hurt their dinner business as many people would like a glass of wine or cocktail with their meal.) unless the older folks come strictly for the convenience. Oh, and the decor is so depressing. Obviously these folks did it on the cheap and didn't do anything to change the old, worn out location. Poor service, bland food, terrible management. . .Need I say more. And let me add one more thing. I did post a few suggestions/questions on their website about our experiences looking to give some constructive criticism (we are foodies and eat out a lot). No one bothered to reply. Shows how much the management cares about return business. Those of you who had a halfway decent meal there, consider yourselves lucky. This is not the norm.Breakfast at The Good Egg across Alma School is a real delight if you're looking for a better place close by. Great staff, management and food.
1	This is probably one of the easiest reviews i have ever written.I have been away for awhile so I wasn't here when Pecan Grove first opened. Went for breakfast one day with a friend and ordered the eggs, ham and toast. Food was ok and the price about $1 more than it should have been based on the location. The ambience was a zero - basically painted the place after taking over from the old Native New Yorker.   Regardless of not being impressed with the place, I decided to order a pie for Father's Day which was two days away so that I could give this local place a chance to impress. I've been ordering French Silk pies from Village Inn for more than 30 years. When I went to pick up the pie, they tried to give me a frozen pie. I asked the guy (guessing manager or owner) if they always served French Silk pie frozen and he said that it was very hot out so they didn't want it to melt.  I said I have been ordering French Silk pies from Village inn for 30 years and they have never tried give me a frozen pie to take home.  He had no answer to that.Like I said this is the easiest review I have ever done, because it is so crazy/amazing  that a "pie" place in a terrible location, is trying to sell frozen pies.  And, actually they think that it is ok.I would normally say "good luck" to Pelican Grove, but this place is beyond repair.Today is June 29. If this place is still in business in 6 months, I'll buy everyone a slice of French Silk pie...frozen of course.
1	I guess being the only pations in the place was a sign to run... but im willing to try anything...once.  Here is the skinny.... Chips with home made salsa..... Uh more like we got served from a jar of generic pace picante. We both ordered a Chicken Ceaser Salad. Half the salad was crutons...I know this because I segmented the crutons to one side of my plate.Also Salad was salty...very.  On to Pie... i have to say that im from the south and i love Strawberry rubarb....so when i asked what was a good pie and was told that it was one of the best I thought id give a try.    It was ok at best.... my wife had a peanut butter pie of some sort and it was bland..... Over all I couldnt recomend this establishment.
1	Horrible.  The salad bar was decimated and messy.  The service was erratic.  I will be shocked if this place is still in business by February.
4	Food was okay. They did not have some of the items listed on menu. The service was good and they gave us a free pie which was very good as well.
4	An updated, simplified menu and a new chef in the back! Improvements to this restaurant went a long way!! I live in the neighborhood and see lots of happy faces in this restaurant every night. We come in for pie from time to time (Which has always been good pie) but now we will be trying the food again, as we can tell this place has tried to improve their issues. Great progress for not being open for even a year! Nice job Pecan Grove.
4	We ate at the Pecan Grove a couple weeks ago and I am still raving about their BBQ Pork sandwich. One of the best sandwiches I ever had in my life. This was the second visit to this restaurant, the first being a few days after they opened. On the first visit I had a Rueben, which was very yummy. The service was a bit slow, but they had only been open a few days. The service this second visit was great. The restaurant, including the bathrooms, was very clean. I have not tried their pies, but I will be back for a third visit and save room for a slice.
1	The restaurant has a 25% off on a whole pie on Tuesday's.  For the past three weeks I've gone in to get a pie at 25% off, each time they have no specialty pies, told "They are sold out" Sale starts at 3:00 pm and by 3:40 pm they are sold out of pie's.  So I asked to speak to the manager, She came out with quite an attitude and said, "You got a problem" yes I do, your attitude is anything but business professional.  You could have said sorry.  Had their fish fry and it was not worth coming back for. Get your pie from Fry's just as good at half the price.
1	Where should I start? Should have known it wasn't gonna be good when we pulled up and customers were scarce. The place was dirty, there were unbussed tables and the staff looked taxed. We were told to sit anywhere there was a menu so we picked the least dirty looking table. The menu looked like what I expected, American fare geared towards an older palate. I asked if they had a salad bar and the hostess said yes but then came back to tell us they had "broken it down already". It took quite a while to get our order in. You could tell our waitress was trying but seemed a bit overwhelmed. I ordered a half a grilled cheese sandwich and their "Tuscan tomato soup" for $7.50. I opened up my silverware and noticed that it was filthy (not just water spots, I'm talking stuck on food). The food came out after what seemed like forever and it was a joke. The cheese wasn't melted on my sandwich which was teeny and my soup had some mystery contents that Id rather not describe. When our waitress returned to the table to ask how everything was, I couldn't help but tell her that it had been a horrible experience. She talked to the manager who adjusted our bill which was appreciated but I don't think I will ever be returning to this place again. Just horrible all around!
1	OK PEOPLE...time for a REAL review.  The ONLY thing this restaurant has going for it is the wait time in a Sunday morning...walk in and get seated. That is because the place is not busy here is why:1) The place is FILTHY. From the end tails  and smears on the tables, to the seats with crumbs spots and food/skid marks to the tops of the booths that have at least 1 month of dust, lint and dirt build up. 2) The food was horrible!  For example the 5 minute rice was either cooked for 3 minutes or cooked the night before. The pork was approximately 50% fat and 50% meat which is being extremely generous in the meat allocation. The scrambled eggs were rubbery like they were pulled from the stay warm buffet. Ahh the buffet...leaves a lot to be desired for a buffet. They actually serve the end pieces of the toast...perhaps the owner likes them and so should everyone else. And finally the bacon...careful asking for crispy....it will be cooked and then deep fried to the point of turning to dust. 3) Wanna be Village Inn pie concept sans pies with a sully's tavern kind of flair using furniture that makes things made in China sold by KMart and IKEA Look like high end quality furnishing. 4) Service...well if you mess up the order...comp the meal, make it right, comp something else...don't server the end tails.  Never going back and neither should you. Recommend closing this place. THE END!
5	So.. My favorite east valley eatery does it AGAIN! This time the awesomeness came in the form of "The Club" sandwich. Perfectly executed with crispy bacon and lightly toasted sourdough. Bravo!Trust me people this place is LEGIT! Another favorite is their Sunday brunch from 10-2 on Sundays and their all you can eat fish fry on Fridays. Get in your car, get to chandler and get to Pecan Grove!
1	My husband and I had breakfast here around noon today.  First thing I noticed is that there are plenty of seats available. That can be good or bad.  We were seated promptly and we ordered coffee while reading the menu. I take 1 sip of my coffee and remarked how good it was and then I notice my cup is filthy! Coffee still stuck on the sides of the cup! I turn the cup around & the entire cup is a mess! My husband proceeds to take a close look at his cup- it's dirty too!! I ask a different server to bring us coffee in clean cups.  He returns & the "manager" comes by to tell us that the coffee will be comped.   The guy server says to the "manager" " I don't know why __ would ever bring this  out like this!" Are you joking? The gal who seemed to be in charged acted like comping our coffee was a Big deal!!  This place is not clean & 3 out of the 4 servers had DIRTY aprons!! Are you kidding me?  We got our meals - meh. I had Pecan Bacon Burger which was ok & hubby had French Toast which was greasy & not cooked through.  Not going back to this place!
2	We were looking for a family-friendly place to use a Restaurant.com credit on and chose Pecan Grove.  I have to say it was pretty awful.  The only thing good about it was our server, who stayed on top of things and got our orders correct even though half of the menu was no longer available to order.  The restaurant was dirty, the salad bar way off in a corner in a dimly lit back area of the place and the host made sure to tell us about his history of seizures and that this was the only place he could work because it was close to his home and he can't drive.I do not recommend anything at all that we ordered, which included mini corn dogs and bacon mac & cheese for the kids, chicken picatta (which was smothered in a greasy sauce and covered in an abundance of capers) and the cordon bleu sandwich (which grossly included honey mustard smeared all over it, making it inedible for my daughter).  But hey, on the bright side, I'm sure these won't be on the menu much longer as they continue their "overhaul" as our server put it.  Bottom line, don't go here.  We were so disgusted by our meals that we didn't even give the pie a chance, but judging from the other reviews, we didn't miss out on anything.
4	Service: Amazing!Food: Amazing!Atmosphere/decor: Not bad, but room for improvement.With that being said, I would definitely return and even buy another fresh baked, take home pie!!
1	Been there several times hoping it would improve. It didn't!  I have seen the owner several times he never comes out to greet anyone.  Management staff seems to be missing as well. Wait staff pretty good.  Food very average. Always empty when I go. I stated they don't have a TV only because if you think anyone can see a 30" TV on a high wall you must be kidding.
3	Pecan Groves took over an old Native New Yorker spot. It looks like they did the absolute least amount of work possible in converting the location's interior from the NNY. This left the restaurant with no identity and definitely negatively impacts the dining experience. It looks pretty bad, even kind of dirty, in my opinion.With that said----I am giving 3 stars because their pies are simply delicious. Go.for.the.pie. (actually just take one to go)I can't speak to the food, as I've never had a meal there.
1	I came to your place Sunday to use my Restaraunt.com voucher, I wasn't happy starting with the sulfur smell as we walked in, and the dining room looked dirty and old, the waitress wore a very soiled dirty apron! Not good if you want to stay in business, also my lasagne taste ok but had water oozing from it! Pecan Pie was falling apart and jelly like also too runny! I won't be back.
3	The food was good, reason for the 4 stars is the service was not that great but I always give people the benefit of the doubt it was an hour before closing so maybe the servers was tired I'll try it again.
1	Went to Pecan Grove when they first opened (two years ago?) and the lunch was okay and the pie was awesome.  Returned for the second time last week and they must have sold the place to an owner who doesn't care.  Just ordered pie (lemon).  Very small serving and tasteless.  There were only two of us and it took three wait staff to deliver our pie and coffee.  We had to give the order a second time to a different waiter.  We then had a third waiter who brought our check and they had to ask us what we ordered.  I took a whole pie home to my husband (French Apple).  It was AWFUL!!  A tasteless crust, a few puny slices of Apple and a pile of loose sugar thrown on top.  We shared one piece and threw out the remainder.  A grocery store pie looks gourmet in comparison.  Never again.  Quite frankly, I'm surprised they are still in business . . . Probably not for long.
1	I would not recommend this restaurant. not only is the food mediocre at best. THEY FAIL TO PAY THEIR VENDORS FOR SERVICES RENDERED. Repeated phone calls, emails and left messages not one returned message. you would think that the money they are saving by not paying their vendors they could put a little back in the decor.
1	This place is old, dirty, and disgusting...in desperate need of restaurant rescue.  The floors and booths were absolutely filthy.  The waiter was nice but his apron had a big, dirty handprint on it and his shirt was soiled.  I couldn't even eat my food.  Husband did brave it and get a peach of banana cream pie and said it was good.
3	My niece had graduated from the police academy today and this was a nearby restaurant so we ended up here. The place smelled like a urinal immediately when we walked in. We sat in a back room because there were 10 of us. Our server was Kyle and he was great. We had everything we wanted and/or needed. He told us the specials, his favorites and tips on the menu. We got the cheese curds which were delicious, a lot of the family had fish and chips which they loved. Soup was clam chowder and tasted like it was out of a can. I had a patty melt. Meh..the burger was flame broiled and had good flavor but it was tiny. I opened the bread and it was hard, nit melted swiss with no holes. Weird. Kyle got my niece her food the way she wanted it since she's a picky eater. He was outgoing and friendly and just really great. That's about it. The place looked dirty and you would think a pie place would smell like pie---nope. We tried a bunch of different pies. Pretty forgettable. We had a nice time and the food seemed ok and service was great but I just do t think I'd come back. Sorry....
2	Boyfriend and I ate here tonight.  Had a Restsaurant.com certificate and had to spend $37.50 so we went for the entrees.  We wanted a steak but were told that they were substituting sirloin for the filet......HUH?  Sirloin for filet?.  No Way.  So he opted for the salmon and I for the rid.  The 1/2 rack of ribs was $17.00 so I was expecting something  great.  I've never seen fattier ribs in my life.  It was almost all fat--honest, very little meat to be found.  The mixed veggie were good.  Boyfriend has the salmon for $15.50. He said it was good---the mac and cheese was just OK.  We opted for rhubarb & Lemon pie for dessert.  They tasted like something out of the freezer at your local grocery store....maybe not that good..  Really lousy. Not worth the calories. Even though we had a coupon and didn't pay full price for this meal, I will say it was hardly worth what we did pay for it.  I don't wee much of a future for this place.
3	I was a bit skeptical after reading other reviews.  I did not find the restaurant filthy as many others had mentioned.  I had the haddock fish dinner.  It came with fries, cole slaw and a side of vegetables.  The fish was hot and tasty.  We all had pie for dessert.  My son who ordered the apple pie said it tasted homemade and the apples were cooked soft like they should be.  I had the chocolate cream which was very good but I don't like merengue and I find it strange to put that on chocolate cream pie.  All in all, it was a good experience.  The waiter could have been a bit more attentive.
3	I went in just for a pie to go. I purchased a pecan pie. It was middle of the road and a bit dry not as good as village inn pie. Service was average and they seemed a bit disorganized. I was expecting a better pie since thats their specialty. The place only had one other couple in it. Decor was nothig special and seating was not appealing. A disappointment but may try a dinner.Very average at first experience a take out.
2	Tried this restaurant through a Groupon. I agree with another review first step through the door was I that Robert Irvine from Restaurant Impossible needed to pay them a visit. the place was dirty, it smelled like old grease in a wet rug, there was dust and cobwebs everywhere.( I was afraid to let my son go to the bathroom.He is 5 and came out announcing to his dad and the restaurant that it was gross and smelled like pee in there (unfortunately I was pretty grossed out myself)The place wasn't very busy but we were passed by staff several times before being acknowledged let alone seated. We had to wait again to get someone to come to our table to give us kids menus, and they gave out placemats without any crayons or something to draw with,the menu was extensive almost too much they were out of a lot of the food listed. The prices were way too expensive for a diner-like restaurant 10-11.00 for a hamburger that was definitely not a handmade patty I ordered the BBQ burger it was dry and over-charred . the menu said cheddar cheese it had american and when I questioned it the server said maybe the cook made a mistake and put on the wrong cheese but she could not tell me what really should be on the burger. We constantly were having to flag her down to get drinks or condiments.  My children ordered corn dogs which were way over cooked and burnt. Their fruit looked like it had been sitting in a container for days. they had not fresh vegetable options it was a pre-frozen mixed combo the girl told us.I have never written a review on yelp I felt the need to do this just because it is in a good location and their pie was AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!! Its the only reason they got a 2 from me or it would have been a 0 .I feel really bad that they are going to loose that potential because their look and service is going to turn people away. Heck just be a coffee and pie place, make the place look cute and clean and they could make a killing. Sorry but they really need to listen to these reviews or sadly they are going to be closed.
3	This place is a classic. A true old persons restaurant. Our waiter holly mollie, that's all I got to say about that. Food was decent.  I'll go back.
2	Food... OK.  Ambiance... Lacking at best.  Service was good, but not enough to save me from going back.
2	I am still trying to figure this place out... The decor is off and the restaurant almost feels unfinished. We tried the pecan, egg custard, and sour cream lemon(think that's what it's called) pies.Pecan pie-pass, while the flavor was pretty good, the filing was like a mush and it was hard to eat. I don't know about you but I like my pecan pie to look like a pie vs a soup with a topping...Custard Pie-same deal as pecan, texture was all off even though the flavor was decent. I don't think I will be back for another round but if someone else does, let me know how the apple is.
3	We have to say this place was just average. We saw it on Groupon last week and didn't buy it, but thought we should check it out sometime. Well there are a lot better closer to home with better service and better food. So if it's close by for you, give it a try. We did have to ask our server multiple times for condiments, but I saw better servers.
1	Crappy restaurant. Bad ambiance, ugly look. Immediately turned off by having 2 things we order in a row be out of stock, then it happened again later with the pie. I'm just the type who feels if it's on the menu, you better have it. Salad bar was out of salad and looked like it hadn't been looked at for hours. It's also stuck back in an odd hallway where you can't see it and 2 guys were working back there, was uncomfortable. Ended up having them take it off the bill. Ordered appetizers which took long enough that they came out with our entrees. Asked for a couple dipping sauces(ketchup, ranch. Easy stuff.), took almost 10 minutes just for a side of ranch. All front employees were high school boys who didn't know what they were doing. Service was terrible and they wandered a lot. Looked lost. Burger was good but WAY too pink. Very mediocre. 3/3 of my party ended up feeling bloated and 1/3 puked later on. The only saving grace to this place was the pie, which I ate at home. Was tasty but still nowhere near amazing. Even Village Inn is better. I'm glad I went on a groupon and I would never go back. This is the pinnacle of a mediocre restaurant that's just good enough to survive on serving basic sandwiches/soup and pie to all the old retirees in the area and they treat it as such. Avoid this place at all costs.
3	Service was good, ask for nick.  Steak and egg skillet minus the gravy.   Check groupon for a good deal.
3	This restaurant is a good for the simple foods.  The service is slow, food is good, pie is better.  Really I felt like a youngin' in this place, the clientel was a little aged.
2	Super disappointed :( Took my husband as a treat thought it would remind him of home and comfort food. Hostess looked confused as to what to do with us (might have been new), went on a Sunday and no one mentioned the Sunday Brunch until half way thru the meal, and there were no advertisements about it anywhere. Food was subpar at best, was so disappointed didn't even stick around for pie, which was one of the main reasons we went! Hope they make some changes, has potential.
5	Wow, awesome home made pies.  I just had strawberry rhubarb and berry pie.  AMAZING stuff
3	First thing...they do not have a coffee bar.this place is strange. We drove 30mins because we wanted to try something different for coffee and pie. So no specialty coffee was a disappointment. The regular brew was decent. So we got there and wondered if they were open.the place looked nice. It was big and clean but totally empty. Finally a server came. He was nice and service was good however they were out of our first choices for pie and the server brought the list of what was left. Our pie tasted great but slices were really small. I wonder how they stay on business. Either we just came at the slow time or they must make a lot of money selling whole pies. There were several people who bought them while we were there. Since it is so far from us.I don't think we will be back but give it a try. I would stop back if in the area and try something inaddition to pie as the menu choices looked good.
1	Don't even bother going here. The place needs much improvement from top to bottom. For one they only had 1 high chair & I had to battle my active 1 year old for half the time, the staff is not trained, the tables are sticky (another table complained too. Then for the food, one came out w/ overdone eggs & the waitress came back saying to keep the plate & he'll just redo the eggs b/c he didn't have time. We just said never mind & then the cook said he would remake. We said no thank you. My biscuit was overcooked & dry, the veggies were frozen & over seasoned, the Mac & cheese was super salty & gross, the pie had ice crystals on it. My daughter liked her grilled cheese. It seems like a lot of their stuff is processed and it shows. So don't waste your money or time on this place.
2	Food is adequate, asked the server how many pancakes came with the original and he shrugged, said "I think two" then it came out with three. Boyfriend got the breakfast burrito with potatoes, the potatoes were bland. Drinks ran empty and stayed empty for a while until the server came back. Heard other people rave about the pies but we didn't eat them, just has breakfast. Definitely recommend The Good Egg right across the street if you want good food over this place.
1	Always looking to support small local business.  Unfortunately this place is a mess.  Idc what the decor is if you have knowledgable servers and good food. Both not the case.  Menu items crossed out, out of essentials, EGGS during breakfast!  Substitutions made without asking. I was served a plate of slop and a  chicken fried steak when I ordered a steak skillet.  They don't even make fresh potatoes.  Everything fried. Our server was CLUELESS. Could not answer basic questions. They discounted my plate but I would rather have edible food.  We didn't even bother trying the pie.
1	this place is closed.
