2	So I felt like Thai and decided to check out this place. I'm giving two stars because of the chunky peanut sauce which was delicious. We order pad thai and fresh veggie spring rolls.  Now I've never had tofu in the rolls so I was surprised for a minute but didn't phase me when I was examining it.... then I took a bite and there was this taste that I couldn't not shake.I started taking out all the tofu because it was unbearable and I'm not a huge fussy guy but I couldn't take it at all, like the taste was just bad.... real bad! The pad thai came and I could smell the tofu, THAT tofu before to taste it and I was like 'maybe I'm imagining things'. So I took a bite and there it was BAM in my mouth. I literally took 2 bites and asked for the bill because 'that taste was all up in there'.  Never tasted tofu like that before and I actually thought tofu was tasteless... Guess not*Service was good and fast and the chunky peanut sauce was great.  Hope others have a better experience.
3	I went here for a big group meal and I can't say I was impressed. The space itself is well decorated, and they had the space for a big group, that I'll give them that. But the food? Pretty meh. In speaking with some of my dining companions, they all seemed to agree. It wasn't that it was bad, it wasn't, but it wasn't particularly flavorful. And that's disappointing. I guess I've been spoiled by eating lots of pad thai from Bangkok, but I expect my pad thai to be at least a little spicy and bursting with flavor. If you can't stand spicy food, this may be the place for you!  I wouldn't go out of my way to go back here, but if I happened to end up here again, I'd make sure to pick something different and make a point of asking for it spicy.
1	Overpriced, under seasoned, small portions. Very disappointing. We had the pad thai, 15$ for a pile of noodles and nothing else, the noodles were not seasoned. A serious waste of money. Please eat elsewhere. I really can't stress enough how bad this is.
3	Good veggie option- except that they served me the soup with chicken so I had to send it back. Perhaps they thought that chicken must be vegetarian.. :)Otherwise the place had a little annoying smell - I'm very sensitive to smell - nobody else seems to have noticed it. Friend enjoyed their meals- no complaints, no big wows.
4	I went there on a Friday night with some friends and I was fairly impress by the restaurant even more so because the review were so mixed.So I began my dinner with a shrimp spring roll which was good, the side sauce was amazing. My friends took the chicken sate and a veggi spring roll. They liked their food as well. For my entree, I had general tao chicken and it was the best I ever had, it was simply delicious. The portion were pretty good too, I was full when I left the restaurant. As for my friends, they all enjoyed their food too.The atmosphere is pretty casual and since it's a BYOW, I feel like the crowd was mostly student. It's also was a little bit loud but still okay. The price are fair for what you get, I am pretty happy with my experience there. Only disappointment; our waiter didn't speak French fluently.
5	Unique Asian decoration :) You can bring your own vine :)They have various interesting options :)Their kitchen is open and it's so cool to see their chef fire up your order :) They had a lovely desert as well ;)
4	We have been here two times now and have enjoyed ourselves very much. Prices are very reasonable and the staff is always so polite. We asked to swap some dishes on the set meal and our server was happy to oblige. We will go back again, I'm sure.
1	My friend and my family met up there for dinner. She was told there were reservations for all the other tables so we were seated at the end of a row in a somewhat awkward spot. Let me state that during most of our time there only 2 other tables were occupied. So this place was prettying empty with us seated in an uncomfortable way. The waitress was surly. Actually, during most of our visit we were given looks like she just wanted us to eat up and leave. Our orders were sparse, tasted meh and not worth the price. I ordered grilled beef and chicken. It came on a small dry bed of noodles. One very thin slice of beef and 2 small sub par chicken pieces, with 2 doughy under filled spring rolls does not make a great dining experience. Tea was never offered or suggested. I had high hopes for this place as its in an area I frequent often and the decor was okay but after this experience I won't be back. In an area with so many dining choices I'm sure there are better places than this.
