5	OK-lemme just begin by confessing I'm mildy obessed with buying shoes.  You'll understand why later...Off Broadway Shoes is the largest shoe store in the Charlotte area that I'm aware of (atleast since the closing of that shoe behemoth on South Blvd.).  This store, located across from Wal-Mart on Sardis Rd., has the best selection of dress, casual, and athletic shoes for men, women, and kids.  Unlike other stores that have one acre for women's shoes and a row for men's Off Broadway doesn't discriminate.  They don't discriminate with styles and prices either.I am a fan of Pumas (I own like 5 pairs of Pumas), nearly all of which I've purchased here for $40 or less!  Their clearance section alone is worth seeing; the shoes are marked down between 40-70% off regular retail.  And they offer coupons for your next purchase (here's the hook in the fish's mouth) for $5-$10 for your next purchase.  Added to that are regular sales (I bought my last pair of Pumas on a Mother's Day Sale...mu ha haa!!) that knock off a few extra $$$.  The staff is helpful and ask if you're looking for something.  Not a fan of Pumas?  They have every other major brand of casual, athletic, and dress shoe. Plus, some knockoffs of high end dress shoes (the brands, not the quality) .  Watch out Aldo, Foot Locker, Rack Room, and Shoe Carnival: you're about to get outdone by Off Broadway.
5	I love shopping at Off Broadway. I wear a women's size 11, which is a very hard size to find. Some shoe stores don't even carry above size 10, but Off Broadway has plenty for me.What I love most about Off Broadway is that every receipt has a coupon for your next purchase and it never expires! Save your Off Broadway receipt!
5	Hello. My name is Walter and I'm a Shoeaholic.This store is obviously not a part of my 12 step program...pun intended.Let's just say I could spend many hours in this store and still not buy a single pair of shoes. I'm so obsessed that I will actually think about the many shoes I've tried on for a day or two and come back to buy them. Other times, you can't walk out the door with just one pair. There are so many/too many choices and you can find some great bargains. Great name brands from all over.  HUGE store. Killer clearance aisle! Can't find your size? They can check their other locations and have them sent to your store at no charge.Only complaint, at least 75% of the store is women's shoes and I don't believe they carry shoes for kids. You also get a pretty good discount on your return visits if you keep your receipt, so if there is a second or third pair you were interested in, wait 24 hours and use the discount!The parking at this particular location kind of sucks because it shares it with the facing WalMart and the other neighboring shops.Your pal,Walter
