5	Dr Ellison is great. His staff is super friendly.
5	Dr. Gregory Ellison is that rare physician you can be completely open and truthful with and not feel judged. I consulted him for addiction, depression and chronic fatigue. He prescribed two medications that are life changing! He is honest, compassionate, willing to go the extra mile for you, and really listens. We talked about addiction, I learned new things from him. He also has a sense of humor which really helps when you are struggling and feeling low. I know I can trust him I'm glad he is part of my treatment team! His staff is just wonderful, I particularly liked Michelle who also went out of her way to help me. The paperwork Dr. Ellis created is extremely detail oriented, you know he wants to learn the most he can about his patients. They were not standard boilerplate forms. His office is lovely and pleasant. He also has multiple specializations, there is very little Dr. Ellison can't help you with! I've already referred a close friend because I know he will be in skilled hands!
1	We have been patients at Dr. Ellison's practice for over 15 years and sadly, we have severed our ties.  The past few years the entire office has gone downhill right before our eyes. The staff is HIDEOUS  and RUDE, the turnover seems to be very high.  We received bills for "no-show appointments" that we did cancel (I have phone records to prove this) for $200. They cancelled and rescheduled numerous appointments due to Dr. Ellison being sick-my daughter changed her work schedule and drove across town for them to call 20 minutes prior to her appointment to cancel with NO apology.  I would advise you to steer clear of his office!
1	I have been going to this office for the past 5 years and have always been satisfied.   Granted I saw his P.A. but I loved seeing her, and the office staff was efficient. Something changed.I came back for a scheduled yearly check up and most of the staff had been replaced.   Including my wonderful P.A.My wait was 3 hours.  Not even kidding.   I didn't even get to a room till the the 2.5 hour mark (after I went to the front desk to inquire)The new N.P. was abrupt.   No bedside manner at all.  I work as a therapist in a level one trauma hospital.  I know what it's like to be busy.  And I was still treated in a way I found deplorable. Never. Ever. Ever. Going back.
1	This office has a horrible staff! I made an appointment that took me 5 weeks to get into. And this was only to see the Nurse Practitioner. I arrived at my appointment time, and was told that because I did not arrive 30 min. before my appointment that they could not see me. I was not told to arrive early.  All I needed was a prescription to be refilled. Now they wanted to re-schedule! I waited 5 weeks for the first appointment!  You have got to be kidding me! Office staff were extremely rude, and lied about telling me to be there early.  Seriously how long could it take the nurse to write one prescription!. For some reason this Dr. is not listed w/ the better business bureau either. Hmmmm...
5	Dr. Ellison is the most effective and thoughtful doctor I have ever been in the care of. His entire team treat you as if you had been there since day one and they have never judge d me or my treatment in any negative manner. Dr. Ellison, has a way to view your symptoms and create a personal treatment plan that is tailored for only you. Dr Ellison has given me back my life and a quality of life I never thought I would experience again. I also have to say his office staff are always willing to do just a little more than you would expect, thus allowing you to benefit from a whole body treatment plan designed by the Ellison team.  So those patients that may be skeptical about changing doctors you will be taken care of better than you could imagine. Sincerely CB
1	Went to my Dr appointment at 830 called in told them I was running late and they said np . So I show up and they tell me I have to reschedule. The ladies at front desk were really rude and basically acted like they didn't want me there at all. Worse experience at a Dr office ever. Wouldn't go back if they paid me. Would highly recommend avoiding at all costs.
