3	Edinburgh is proving to have way to many distractions in my opinion, and this printmaking studio literally down my street is one of them. Thankfully it's a very affordable distraction, and I'd probably take advantage of being able to do some print making myself if I had any tiniest idea where to start.Ofcourse, the studio claims to offer lessons, but that would also require some commitment on my part. It's extremely central, on a relatively quiet street just off Leith Walk. For those of you who actually know what they're doing, I'll just let you know what its possible to do over there; etching, lithography, screenprinting and relief printing. They've even got a dark room and and digital studio! It's quite light and spacious, and if you're curious enough, there's also a gallery where you can see some finished prints. I've now added printmaking to my list of things to do in Edinburgh.
4	Edinburgh Printmakers provides you with all the equipment and guidance you need to print, etch, and book bind your way to being a better designer.I did the weekend screenprinting course here and found both the space and tuition excellent. The course includes all materials and a 3 month studio membership so you can continue to use the facilities. If you consider what you'd pay an artist for an original screenprint, the cost of the course is money well spent as you'll come away with several prints and the skills to create many more.
3	Three stars for the Printmakers: it would be more if I was a maker of prints and thus able to tell you more about the equipment, atmosphere, community and sense of creative freedom that I'm sure comes with being a part of this space.I got to have a look around as part of the 2013 LeithLate event and I'm very glad I went a little way off the Walk to have a look. There are many presses, utensils, papers, inks, slabs of limestone and other accoutrements to get your hands on. The opening gallery space acts as a shop too, with a great selection of works produced just feet away. Upstairs there's another gallery space, with some works coming from further afield when we were there. You also get a great view of everything that's going on in the workshop from up there.Edinburgh Printmakers is a lovely element of the city's cultural resources and it's great to be able to go home with work that has such a local story behind it.
