1	Wait, so let me get this straight...  You seat me at 5:40am, but you won't let me order anything off the after 6am menu because "certain chefs specialize in certain foods" so I can't order anything with bacon or sausage.  Wow, I never realized frying breakfast meats was so damn hard.  And even after I order off the limited before 6am menu... you don't even bring me my food til after 6:30?!?!  Let me straighten another thing out... my friend CAN'T order scrambled eggs, bacon, and home fry potatoes.  He can have scrambled eggs, NO bacon, and french fries.  BUT, my other friend CAN have chicken fried steak, a biscuit, gravy, and HOME FRY POTATOES!?!?!And explain to me how I CAN'T order the salad that IS on the menu... BUT I CAN order the ahi tuna or chicken & waffles that AREN'T on the menu!?!?Then after I jump through all your hoops to order, you leave me with a menu with crosswords and puzzles on it, but you have the ONLY writing instrument in the whole restaurant??  And I think you better have a word with your "specialized" chefs in the back.... cause none of the food tasted good.LAME!!
4	I was surprised by the bad reviews, because I had a pretty good experience at Planet Dailies.  Perhaps I got lucky.Our server was extremely nice and professional.  However, I must admit that we had to wait for at least 10 minutes to order because he was nowhere to be found. We didn't really mind though, because we were entertained by all of the huge flat screen televisions showing poker and sports.Our food was pretty good and not terribly expensive, for Vegas.  I ordered a $10 chopped side salad that was huge and delicious.  My b/f had a chicken sandwich that was just o.k.  But it came with a side of awesome crunchy french fries.There were some signs that this place might be poorly managed.  The servers seemed extremely busy, even though the place was not very full, while there were around 5-10 busboys and hostess people standing around talking and watching TV.  What happened to  teamwork!?This place might be hit or miss, but I would give it one more try for the delicious salad and yummy french fries.
2	We originally wanted to go eat at P.F. Chang's but it was an hour wait so we decided on this place instead.  Maybe we should have taken it as a sign that there was a reason this place had no wait.  The food is pretty expensive for the meagre size portions you get.  We ordered pad thai, potstickers, lettuce chicken wraps (I was craving this when I thought we were gonna go eat at P.F. Chang's), sweet and sour pork, and wonton soup.  They ended up bringing by a wrong order so they just let us keep it.  Service was ok but a little slow.  They never refilled our waters.  I guess if you want something quick and you're staying at Planet Hollywood then it's convenient.  Otherwise I wouldn't bother stopping here.
5	Get the Hawaiian steak. You will eat it and wished you would take a crap faster so you can eat it again.That is all.
1	...based on the "late night" menu... 4 in the morning is technically early morn, yeah?  ...nevermind...This place, even in the middle of the night, tries to have a far reaching menu but fails to deliver on the quality of said items... and they are relatively overpriced to boot!There are easily three or four dozen televisions in the establishment running what seems to be an attention-deficit friendly tirade of Extra and Sports Center in every direction.  The decor and furnishings are actually somewhat stylish by comparison of the rest of Planet Hollywood's contrast-happy black, pink, chrome, and frosted glass.Sadly, the "late night" menu stumbles in its hopes to offer anything substantial or memorable (or pleasantly memorable, anyhow).  There was the gummy/chewy calamari that came to the table in an abundant, but lukewarm oily pile.  The lettuce wraps, wherein the chicken/peanuts/water-chestnut mix was so homogenous, it was scary.  The fried chicken and waffle with the overcooked flavorless dry chicken "breast" patty sitting unceremoniously atop an unremarkable waffle (okay, the honey-butter was okay...!)  And the pepper'd pepper chicken that was so peppering pepper'd that all you could pepper was the pepper.Plus one star for the service, Molly, I believe her name was; she was excellent in her attention and could tell we weren't enjoying the food much.  But she was sweet, its too bad she has to fight such an uphill battle serving this stuff.Note:  I've heard from friends that they get it right during the daytime and early eve.  I'll see for myself sometime...
1	Pros:Good fries. Open 24 hours a day.Cons:Waited 20 minutes though for my to-go fries order. Can't call downstairs to order take out. The servers are NOT helpful. The hostess I don't think completely understood English. Did I mention I waited TWENTY MINUTES for a side order of fries at a DINER!?!?!
2	Overpriced food that was just ok. Glad I ate here once. Now I know not to bother with going here again. Since we stayed at Planet Hollywood where this is located, we wanted to try it. Every time we walked by everyone's meals looked amazing! We didn't bother to check the menu first; we were hotel guests and had a 10% off coupon to eat here. It was close, we were famished, so in we went.Talk about your sensory overload! I don't think there is anyplace at Planet Hollywood that is quiet and relaxing. The loud music blared the entire time. This was in addition to the TVs wrapping around the room, each one showing something different. That's too much for me. What happened to at least being able to play Keno while you wait for your meal and dine?Our server was friendly, menu choices were ok; the food took a little longer than we thought it should have. I had a crab cake sandwich which came with French fries and Larry ordered the Reuben which also came with fries. Food was slow coming out of the kitchen but our server made several stops by our table to check on us and let us know it would be out soon.Meals looked yummy upon arrival. Thin, crispy, French fries are stacked in a cute paper cup and you get your own mini-bottle of ketchup to just dip them into. That was fun. My sandwich was very so-so however. I couldn't taste much crab and it was kind of mushy. Larry's Reuben looked good, it was on marble rye and piled with meat and kraut, although I didn't try it. This meal would've been decent had it not cost around $35 for two people for lunch with the 10% off! No dessert and we both just had water. Not worth a return visit when there are so many other choices.
1	This place SUCKS.We got a $25 gift certificate from the hotel to go here and it was still awful.  We got two drinks, I ordered mac 'n cheese and he ordered fried chicken.  The portions were HUGE and we still ended up paying over $40!!!  WTF?!Also, it took 20 minutes for our waitress to even sort of notice us.  We weren't going to tip her until our bill came and they'd conveniently added 18% gratuity for us.  What the hell?!  She deserved nothing.  She was horrible.  They were ALL horrible.  The service is the slowest, most awful service ever, especially considering how expensive the place is.DO NOT GO HERE!  STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE!!!!
2	Our last night in town and we decided to use our 20% off coupon and eat there. Food looked good the few times we had walked by it and since we were staying at PH why not. OMG, the slowest service I think I have seen. It took us almost 30 mins just to get our check and then it was screwed up. Even with the 20% off coupon, it was over priced. I got a turkey sandwich, fries and water it was $20. Unless you want the breakfast and have a coupon, you are better off looking elsewhere.
4	Been here about four times on 4 different trips and pretty much only the burgers and one breakfast. The burger I found to be the right size and came out cooked the way I asked. The fries are definitely good.   The price is definitely not cheap Burgers 14-15 dollars and iwth dirink and tip, easily over 20 dollars a person. I found prices to be on par with other major strip casino cafe's and its the only place open 24 hours in Planet Hollywood.
4	This place, when it was the Zanzibar Cafe of formally Aladdin, was great...  And now that it's Planet Dailies of Planet Hollywood, it still holds up to it's former name.  The main thing you notice is the many flat screens built in to the walls.  So many tv's, and which one to watch...  So, we came here on our first day in Vegas (5/21/08), and we both ate the Corned Beef.  Before when it was the Aladdin Hotel, the cafe served their Corned Beef shredded.  And it was REAL CORNED BEEF...  It was really good then.  Now, as Planet Hollywood, the cafe serves their corned beef CUBED.  It was REALLY GOOD.  Although my poached eggs was a little overcooked, it was still pretty tasty.  Hopefully next time, I'll keep my reservations and actually stay here in this hotel to take advantage of their meal coupons.
5	we got here at around 6 in the morning after leaving Drais.i remember ordering a lobster omelette.i remember drinking a strawberry mojito.i don't remember ordering a strawberry mojito.i remember waking up after putting my head down and seeing my two cousins knocked out face-down on the table.i don't remember how anything tasted.i don't remember paying.we did come back here a couple mornings later and i ordered the steak and eggs... it was delicious.
4	It was not bad, I enjoyed it.  I don't think their pastas are very good but their sandwiches/burgers are yummy.  Food is Cheesecake Factory price, but a dozen times better.
2	Planet Dailies seemed like a good option for us when I could barely stand the thought of food - was sick with no appetite but needed to get something in my system.  Thank goodness we had our 20% off coupon to use for staying at PH.  My cup of vegetable soup (the only soup that wasn't a chinese soup of some sort) was $5.95 and my side salad was $7.95.  Neither of them spectacular in any way shape or form and not on the menu that I could find (yes, the menu is HUGE with varying times everything is able to be ordered).  So much for me trying to eat cheaply in Vegas.  Oh, and no crackers for my soup either.  How can a restaurant  have no crackers on hand??  They did supply me with a basket of bread, which worked I guess.  My husband's steak was pretty good, but nothing spectacular there either.  The service wasn't slow but nothing wonderful either.  So go here if you just need to eat, but if you want something to remember or enjoy the heck out of, head elsewhere.
3	Had the munchies at 3am so came here to see what they had.  There were a lot of choices on the menu for the 11am to 6am crowd.  The food and selection were definitely dinner quality but at 3am, I didn't feel like eating something heavy.  And certainly this menu was chocked full of heavier foods and very suspicious light in salads and low cal options.  I ended up with bruschetta which was nice as the tomatoes were fresh and the bread was warm and soft.Decent spot...nothing to write home about.  The table next to us had this girl who was very close to throwing up as she was slumped over in her seat barely conscious...they ended up leaving but no word on whether she got to the bathroom on time...
2	The food was okay, nothing to really rave about. It's basically a glorified IHOP.
3	This was a decent casino 24/7 dinner/coffee shop. The food was decent but the service was a little slow. I had the Turkey Club and it was good however my friends had the chicken fried steak and the corned beef hash. Both looked so much better than my lame ass sandwich. I sampled their dishes and was jealous. It was soo good. The used real corned beef and the chicken fried steak had a really flavorful batter. The country gravy was good also. Its a little pricey but kinda worth it.
4	For being a casino diner/coffee shop, it was very good.  Originally, we wanted to go to the Planet Hollywood Cafe.  We noticed a sign by Caesar's Palace with a PHC globe.  But we drove around and couldn't find the Planet Hollywood Hotel/Casino.  Because, our mindset was the Planet Hollywood Cafe would be in the Planet Hollywood Casino.  *buzzer*  Wrong!  So, we end up driving around and find the PH Casino and we park and walk around the shopping area to get to the casino.  We walk the floor, look for a directory and can't seem to find the Cafe.  I see the Planet Dailies and decide to ask the girl where the PH Cafe is.  She proceeds to tell me that the PHC is in Caesar's Palace.  She says that I am not the first person to ask.  My husband and I were so hungry that we decided to just try out Planet Dailies.They had a such a variety that I couldn't decide.  I finally decided on the Kobe Burger.  WOW!  Was that a tender, meaty, juicy burger.  The fries were also really good.  My husband had the Philly Cheesesteak and loved it.  I would definitely go back to Planet Dailies if I happen to be at PH Casino again.
3	typical in house resort coffee shop type place.  servers are nice and attentive.  portions are big.... sometimes meat can be over cooked... *ahem* country fried steak.i also ordered chocolate chip and bananas pancake... then she came back with just the chocolate chip pancakes... the bananas were the ONLY reason why i even got the damn pancakes.  as a consolation the waitress brought me a plate of cut up bananas... uhh NOT the same, but i appreciate the effort.  and its not like i want to wait another 15 mins to re-make my food you know... then everyone else either eats awkwardly b/c u dont have food... or they dont eat at all.. which is just dumb....
3	I would give it a 3.5 if I could...We actually ate here twice since it was super convenient. The first was a Friday morning early, so it was pretty empty. We ordered the french toast and the eggs, bacon and toast dish. The french toast was huge, but a little under done for my taste. The potatoes that came with the egg dish were excellent!The next time we went was later Saturday morning so it was crazy busy. We only had to wait a few minutes. I ordered the cinnamon roll french toast which was good, but super sweet. My DH ordered the large egg breakfast that came with pancakes. The pancakes were sub par...super dry...almost like a biscuit consistency. The service was good for the most part and the price was decent. Good option if you don't want to hit the buffet.
4	There aren't many vegan options here for me, but when I called about options for breakfast, the girl I spoke with was really helpful and listed off veg-friendly items with no problem. I ended up getting toast, oatmeal, banana and a glass of soy milk, which was a pretty good breakfast before beginning a walk down the strip! The next day, however, we stopped by to check out their dinner menu for a late-night snack. When I asked the hostess if there were any vegan or vegan-ize-able foods, she said she didn't know what vegan was, she asked another girl who said, "we don't have it" and suggested I get a BLT without bacon. We ended up going to PF Changs again (not necessarily a bad thing...see review)Other than that, it's really convenient if you're staying at PH, the service is pretty good, and as soon as I was done I could put a few bucks in my favorite slot, Deal or No Deal :)
4	i dunno bout yall, but i ate here 3x in one weekend and everything delicious. this is the best 24 hour hotel cafe, ever. seriously.
2	First of all, let me say that they would have gotten 3 stars, but I took one star off for price.We came in famished and buzzed around 12 AM.  Lousy 6 hour drive to vegas thanks to traffic.Our server appeared kinda slow.  At first I thought he was stoned because he spoke slowly and incoherently but he was okay for the most part...just a little slow with the check/he didn't stop by our table very often.  Food.  We started off with the buffalo wings, which I thought were okay.  Some were a bit small.I asked for the Hawaiian rib eye, and he said they were out.  in fact they were out of all steak except for the filet mignion.  wtf?  i like my steak w/ a bit of chew, and yea i know rib eye is a bit soft too, but i was tempted by the hawaiian part.  instead i opted for the Jamaican jerk pork chops.  very large side of steamed vegetables.  baked potato (hard to mess that up).  pork chops said they were marinated, but sure as hell didn't taste like it.  more like the grill with a bit of spices sprinkled on.  still it was cooked well, and wasn't dry.  two small but fat pieces of chops.i thought it was mediocre food at a high price (20 bucks for the chops).  it'd be better to go some place else, but i was staying here, and that was the only place open at the time.  but i was buzzed and hungry so i ate it all up.  their fries were good.had the 10% off coupon i got when i checked in.all in all, if you don't want to read what i wrote: overpriced mediocre food.  go eat at somewhere cheaper, and then play what you saved at a blackjack table.  21!open 24 hours, like most casino cafes
3	Nachos at 3a. This place served it's purpose. For some reason the water was awwweeeesooooomme too.Just saying. xxx C
4	OK, This place is fantastic. It feels miles away from the casino even though it is in the casino. We went at least 8 times in our 3-night PH stay. We loved the formula which reminded me of the Cheesecake Factory with the super-sized creative dishes. We finally made it to breakfast which is one of my complaints since they serve "breakfast" 'round-the-clock but the real breakfasts are only in the AM. Like more variety of omlettes and waffles.So my big complaint is how we charged our 12:30 AM dessert and coffee tab to our room. At check-out my darling noticed our extras tab had a swollen total for that dessert visit. Don't mess with Meg. Our bill was $17 and we left a (fair) $4. tip. Especially considering the restaurant happened to be out of half and half (I went next-door to Starbucks and brought back some in a tasting cup) I understand a restaurant 86'ing on stuff but vanilla ice cream? Di had to have a hot fudge sundae with the only remaining flavor, strawberry. But for our waitress to give herself a $17 tip ON TOP of ours, I'm sure she must-have sized us up as guests who wouldn't nit-pick the tab. The tip was bigger than our bill.We got the credit at the desk after Meggie produces our receipt and the next night I called the shift supervisor, Matt who was very interested in our situation. He offered us ONE free meal. I was disappointed in his gesture. But we will go back for sure. Any place can have a shady employee and it barely affects my warm, fuzzy feelings about Planet Dailies. In fact, at our breakfast (10:45 AM) When our amazingly cheerful waitress actually read back our table order memorized, Di had never had a wait person do that before. She was really impressed. The food is high-quality fabulous. The atmosphere is great and their coffee is that kind we lust over. Real coffee shop coffee with that hint of chickory. We love that you can go right up to the counter with the stools in the middle of the restaurant and get coffees to go. Starbucks is too strong for my darling. So it would have been 5 stars if we didn't have that desperate waitress.
3	Exactly what I was looking for in a 24hr cafe. Decent food anytime of the day. I had a Ruben, my friend had an omelet. Both were great.
3	When you're in Vegas, you double down. And when you double down at this place, it means you end up paying 14 bucks for a burger.Since Pink's was NOT open (I repeat: NOT OPEN despite all the advert's around the casino), this was our "Plan B" decision.  We were seated at a large enough booth, and then did a collective gasp when we saw the menu.This is more of...how would you say...a very upscale cafe.  There isn't really anything on the menu under twelve bucks, unless you want soup (which I think was eight).  I ordered a 14 dollar BBQ burger thinking it better be rimmed in gold.  Ok, ok...it WAS good. Very good. So good I stuffed myself with the entire thing.  It came with a side of fries which were also perfection.  Was it worth 14 bucks? Perhaps. But then, probably only worth it because I was in Vegas, and you just expect everything to be priced above the norm.Note: If you have an important place to be, do not eat here.  Service is at a snail's pace.
5	I've sampled a lot of late night food in Vegas. And, in my opinion, Planet Dailies is BY FAR the very best. I was so happy and comforted when staying at Planet Hollywood because I knew I had the great food here to come home to late-night. And then I'd feel better in the morning too...There were 8 of us girls staying at the Planet Hollywood hotel and, a couple nights, the 8 of us dined together at Planet Dailies at around 4 AM. The other night, I still ate here but with only one other friend who'd stayed out late with me... I could miss my fourth meal of each Vegas day at Planet Dailies!The menu is extensive and yummy (especially late-night!) and we tried everything from fries, to omelets, to burgers, to steak. The Bellagio's late-night food has nothing on Planet Hollywood's!
4	I have always had a good experience with Planet Dailies. The first time I ate here was exactly a year ago during my spring break. Fast forward to spring break this year, and I end up eating here again. After a night out, my girlfriend and I were starving and knew we should eat before we slept. It was 5:30AM, and I remembered Planet Dailies from our last trip, and came back. During both of my visits, I have received great service and great tasting food. And the fact that it's open 24 hours, it's better than all of the other 24 hour cafes I have tried on the strip.From both visits, I have tried their Asian Chicken Salad, Pasta Primavera, and Macaroni and Cheese. All three dishes have been very very good. And I'm not just saying this because I happened to be eating while starving, and possibly under the influence. But the food is good here. I would definitely recommend Planet Dailies if its late at night or early in the morning and you're looking for some good food to satisfy those munchies.
4	What I remember of this place was pretty good... it's not cheap (what is in Vegas anymore), but the food was plenty tasty and the service friendly enough. Great for a 4 a.m. milkshake and sober-me-up sammy.
4	Me likey!After checking in to the hotel, BF and I were starving and didn't want to have to wander too far to grab something to eat.  So we headed here, and we were not disappointed at all.It took a while to decide what we wanted, they have so many choices on their menu (think Cheesecake Factory menu book).  Our server was super cute and friendly and did not hesitate to offer up suggestions.  So I settled with Lobster Fettucine and BF got the Club.  My dish was so good that I ate ALL of it.  And usually I'm done with fettucine halfway though since it's so heavy.  Planet Dailies version is far from that.  I didn't even need a nap afterwards!Now my BF's sandwich was a completely different story.  That thing was as big as my head.  Fries were thin and crispy (perfect).  There was so much meat on his sandwich that he ended up having to take it apart and take some meat off so he could fit the thing in his mouth.  My BF and his friends ended up going back there late night, and he brought me back the kobe beef sliders.  YUM.  I would've preferred it to be less cooked (medium), but it was still good regardless.  Good spot to get some good eats!
4	three words: chicken and wafflesgame, set, match.  and open 24 hours to boot.
2	Its okay place, but I recommend go eat at the Palms for late night food, the Palms is cheaper and taste better.Late.
4	Every time I go to Vegas, I need to eat the lobster fettucini at  Planet Dailies.  Unfortunately, the last time I visited, I was disappointed because that dish is no longer as good as it use to be.  The lobster quality wasn't as good and they gave less of it too.  Maybe it's due to the slow economy - who knows.  I'll come back a few more times and if the food still hasn't improved, I'll need to find myself a decent priced plate of Lobster Fetti.It's decently priced at $20.
3	I don't know what's so great about this place.  The menu seemed overpriced for what it was.  It just didn't taste that great.
4	i really liked this place! it was really convenient to grab a quick bite with all the varieties! its like a more elaborate...... 100x better version of dennys? they had everything from country fried steak breakfast to pad thai, ahi tuna, to egg drop soup. i woke up super hungover (its what happens when you wake up in vegas) and allll i could think about was their egg drop soup!!! the prices were pretty reasonable, but definitely not close to any jaw dropping vegas deals. the service was fast and friendly~!
3	Meh. Only ate here becuase I was hungry and had to eat sooner than later. Would I go back? Sure. Would it be my first choice? Nah. Would I enjoy my food if I went again? Yup.3 stars cuz they didn't have cups of soup. That's all I really wanted...oh well.
3	Love their Chicken and Waffles ;)
3	SBC VEGAS SERIES: 4 of many reviewsLate late night eats for late night drinks..Bare in mind that I've been here a few times during my trip but I think the last time I was there was a highlight.  Keeping that in mind... Despite what my drunken, irritable, and anxious fellow compatriots felt about this place.. I liked it. Not a place I would go out of my way to get to, but if it's an elevator ride... and a drunken crawl away then hell yes! Blanking out the unsavory pre-late late dinner conversation I found that  the ambiance was typical kitchy Vegas with an unusual mix of culinary fare... between congee, chicken and waffles, and really good orange juice.. it wasn't half bad. It would actually have rated higher if not for the typically slow service one can find @ 4am. My bbq duck noodle soup was pretty damn good. The broth wasn't over seasoned and the noodles, though not what I had wanted because I can't differentiate between egg noodles and vermicelli, were just right. Wish I knew how to eat duck off the bone though but it being such a late late hour my eating etiquette was no where to be found. Many antics later I told everyone to leave money and for them to go to sleep while I waited to take care of the bill. The things that apparently I missed if I had only left with them is probably a short lived regret... considering the driver's license that was lost. In that time that I waited to pay for our time there.. i was able to find some solace in the whirlwind that is Vegas. And then I drank. Again.;D
4	We went back four times during our three days in Vegas. The menu at the Planet Dailies was perfect for the twelve of us as we were wanting everything from duck soup and noodles to congee to omelet and pancakes. We were always seated quickly even though our visiting tended to be between 6-12 of us. Our servers and food runners were all very attentive. The accuracy with our orders could have been a little better, though I also think some of us were being a bit high maintenance with the changes and substitutions! The restaurant is kept-up really well for being a 24/7 spot; the cleanliness was quite impressive. This place is a great late-night choice for anyone who tends to be indecisive what kind of food they want after partying.  Another bonus is that it's located next to a Starbucks and the Planet Hollywood casino is connected to the Miracle Mile shops, where you can also work on sobering up.
4	Don't write this off as a Cafe! It's not a bad place. And here's a tip! You can receive 50% off your meal at Tix4Tonight( See my review on them!) Anyway first time i went i had the Filet Mignon and it was sooo dry but our waiter was nice and sent it back and I got one that was better. The second time i went i had the Pasta Carbonera which was soo good I ate too much :( On the plus though their drinks were good. I love how the servers or busboys can wear their T-shirts that say "I don't read the news  i make the news" and other cool things which you can buy.For the most part if you are on a budget this place won't disappoint.
3	Average food.  Slightly higher than average prices.I'd eat here if there was nothing else, but it's Vegas.  With so many options for dining, I wouldn't waste my time returning.
1	UUUGHHHH!!!! Worst food I've EVER had in Vegas. Maybe it's because it was 3:30am and the chefs were tired? I thought food was supposed to taste better when you're tired, hungry and still inebriated right?!!! Nope not here!My friends and I ordered pad thai and wonton soup. Yes I know this isn't the place to order it but we figured, "Hey it might not be the best, but how bad can it be?" Ughh we were so wrong. It can be THAT bad. The wonton soup tasted like rubber and plastic in water with salt and MSG. The pad thai was flavorless and gross. No amount of alcohol can make that dish taste good. For those 3 things it cost us over $30! What a rip off!!! Never coming here ever again!
1	Screw Planet Dailies....My experience??? Horrible and all the people with me would really agree...We came in really late...ok I get it but this is Vegas and there was no one else in there so there really was no need for us to wait a half an hour to get some water...that is just horrible service. Then the food took ages...Seriously a sandwhich and some ramen does not take that long to prepare...The food is mediocre at best and the service is just horrible. Perhaps it is better during the day but I wouldn't know just dont ever go after clubbing or bar hopping you will likely die of hunger and thirst before your waitress takes your drink order.Despite the bad service we tipped well considering the time...but I will not go back.
1	Honestly, we only came here because it was in our hotel and we were very hungry! Appetizer bread was not appetizing at all. Chicken lettuce wraps were plain, nothing compared to PF Changs or BJs. The only thing I liked were the fries. Our waiter was very pushy, 3 times he said to us, "Are you guys finished yet?" Seriously, SERIOUSLY? Nope, never again.
4	Back in the days when I was young I'm not a kid anymoreBut some days I sit and wish I was a kid againI'm still back in the days, but now the year is '87'88 that's when my crew and I were in junior highNo doubt I couldn't wait to get...PLANET DAILIES! - Ahmad Lewis (Back in the Day)Normally, I wouldn't yelp about places to eat that is whatevers (a place you stumble upon because you are hungry and after the meal you move on with life being less hungry). I stumbled across this review on my way of reviewing another place and this place has seriously taken a recent yelp beating so I felt like I have to say something before this thing snowballs into a yelp picket line outside of planet hollywood! Ladies ladies ladies...if you've been drinking all night at the clubs and come to this place after a long night of partying then have a horrible hangover experience...don't blame it on PLANET DAILIES!! Sigh...this place is a cafe-type place like any other 24 hour place in the world so don't rate it as if it was an actual dinner experience. Here's two things you should try for sure coming here: the huevos rancheros - served differently than you would normally see - and the freaken ice cream cup with brownies plastered all over the side - its the craziest ice cream cup ever in terms of size - the picture doesn't even do it justice cuz usually they over-exaggerate pictures but they definitely shorted this one by two fold (thats a good thing!)FYI - I am reviewing this place even after losing (financially) on my vegas trip so don't think I am giving it a good rating because I was up and anything would've tasted good. Food: 4 stars (for what i ate) --- Service: 4 stars (had no problems, nice waiters and hostess) --- Atmosphere: 3.5 stars (at least there were televisions with ESPN around) Price: 4 stars (considering we were in vegas and the ice cream cup was FREAKEN AWESOME!)
3	Good place to grab a quick, late night snack after a night of gambling into the wee hoursBuffalo wings were above averageWonton soup was surprisingly good, almost authenticService was friendly and quick
2	The waiter recommended the lettuce wraps (lettuce leaves with minced chicken breast, water chestnuts, mushrooms, celery, carrots and bean sprouts served with hoisin and Chinese mustard), so I tried it. These lettuce wraps were pretty good, especially with the hoisin sauce, but don't go overboard on the spicy Chinese mustard or you'll get all choked up. Yeah, it's pretty potent...The rest of my party wasn't so lucky. They had gripes about their dishes being too salty, or too bland. On top of that, service was below average. Maybe next time (if there is a next time) our waiter will be more attentive to us!  He disappeared after he served our food and I was dying of thirst waiting for a fricken refill on my drink!
2	Service was friendly, but slow.  Food was mediocre in quality.Everything overpriced (by about 35%) and small portions (2 pasta dishes, plus chipotle chicken sandwich with fries).Not worth it, in my humble opinion.
2	Service was very friendly and helpful.  Food was mediocre at best.Everything is overpriced  on the menu.  I got TURKEY CLUB and because I got it to go they charged me extra.  For a drink and sandwich it was total of $21.25 with tip.Not worth it, if you ask me.
3	I had breakfast and dinner here last Sunday with some friends.Breakfast Burrito: 2.5/5N.Y. Strip: 3/5 - I actually ordered  a ribeye, but had a show to catch so I didn't have a time to send it back.Service: 3/5Ambience: 3.5/5
3	Nothing more than a glorified Denny's, this place gets the job done after a long night in Vegas. They offer your full fare of food. BEWARE: Their full breakfast menu ends at 11am. After that, they only have a limited selection of their breakfast items.Other than that, the place is clean, fairly fast, and has flat screens all around for you to watch your favorite sporting event.
2	Oh Vegas, why with so many restaurants, in a city that runs all night, do your late night options always disappoint me?  Why?Even with a full menu, there's not much here I wanted to eat.  My ham sandwich was decent, but that's about it.  The fries were too greasy, the burgers too dry, and the water barely refilled.  Just disappointing all around.Seriously, the actual Planet Hollywood (up the strip, not in the PH hotel/casino, strangely) would have been better.  Hell, I'm pretty sure Denny's would have been better.  The only reason you get two stars is because the place was indeed clean, and the insane amount of TV's distracted me from just how horrible everything else was.You're fired.~EEE~
3	Breakfast this morning was good.  I had the Eggs Benedict with home fries.  The flavor was very good.  It was quiet in the restaurant since it was early for Vegas, so the service was good.  The "fresh" squeezed Orange juice was not good at all.  I asked if it was pulp free and it was except for the chunks of Orange in the glass.  I wanted to give a fourth star but the OJ denied it!
2	A very confusing menu for breakfast. We arrived around noon and asked if we can order breakfast. They said the breakfast was only served before 11am(?) but I can order the them from their "all day breakfast menu". What and why is that? I ordered something from the all day breakfast menu (name begin with "Las Vegas" something... couldn't remember clearly). It said this dish comes with "sausages" while it only came with scrambled eggs with spinach and "ground pork".  I really think by paying around $15 you should get at least three "sausage links". Such a rip-off.Now I understand why people go to Denny's.
4	Chicken and Waffles! Seriously, they were delish! We ate here two nights in a row after some serious Vegas clubbin' and the chicken was so juicy...a well marinated boneless breast, lightly breaded, delicious. The waffle was light and fluffy with sweet syrup and honey butter that made it all work together perfectly. And since we weren't paying, it tasted even better!Service was good and it wasn't super crowded, so that was nice. I have no clue what other food they have to offer here (aside from the Chicken Parm which a friend had and it was awesome!). All I have to say is sometimes you find amazing things in unsuspected places, like Chicken and Waffles at Planet Hollywood. Try the chicken and waffles at Planet Dailies. Delish!
2	After taking a late night stroll on the strip (we walked from Planet Hollywood Hotel to TI and back), the mister and I wanted a late night snack.  We settled on Planet Dailies because it was back at our hotel and I had a coupon. They didn't have a veggie burger, I guess everyone in Vegas are carnivores, so we settled on lettuce wraps and fries.  The wraps were just okay, the fries were fries, nothing fancy.  The place is huge and it is open 24 hours and near the Prive nightclub, so it would be good group spot after clubbing, but the prices were kinda high for the quality of food.  We should've gone to the Sandwich of Earl instead.
3	Go on, rub that glitter out of your eyes. Much like the rest of Vegas, you shouldn't let the tantalizing photos fool you: It's just not that good. Don't get me wrong, I can truly appreciate what a find a full 24-page menu is at 4am. That chicken quesadilla that rolled out? At the time it tasted like a gift from the gods. On the other hand, the Dailies burger was dry and bland. I chalked the burger's shortcomings up to my own dehydration and poor decision making, then decided to give Dailies another shot during sober hours. On my return visit I had the Turkey Avocado salad (yes, that monstrous tower of toppings that's featured in every advertisement and menu in this place), and am sad to say it was grossly disappointing. Worse yet? Of the five in our group I don't think a single one of us was happy with the meal. It was just.... ok.Appreciate Planet Dailies for the 24-hr diner on the Strip that it is, but that late-night quesadilla might be the best they can offer.
2	"Meh"  That is the best way to describe it.  It was breakfast... I guess I should have stuck with the basics!  Once again, I figured I would get something I don't normally make at home.. eggs benedict.  Everything on them was good except the crucial part... a runny yolk.  Well, they got it 1/2 right... ONE of them was runny and the other was a bouncy ball.  Argh... seriously?!As far as the rest, the coffee was blah and the home fry things were nothing great either.  I got a wild hair up my ass and decided the grits sounded good as a side (I was talking with an attractive southern girl and I guess that got me thinking grits for some reason).  Well, they were at least good thankfully.So pretty much for the money, 2 stars it is here.  If you need something while staying at the hotel and don't feel like going out, go ahead and try this.  Otherwise, do yourself a favor and go for a walk and find a cheaper breakfast somewhere else.  And seriously, if you are reading this review and thinking about coming here for something other than breakfast, or coming here and NOT staying at the hotel... well, you are just not Yelp material my friend.
1	Does anyone know the difference between a medium burger and well done?If not eat here and pay $17.50 for it. If you do do and you get served well done, don't expect much to happen. Time is also not important here. The food comes out when it comes out.
3	Uh. I certainly wouldn't eat dinner here, but breakfast was fine and lovely. I chose from the benedict section and husband had the scramble.   Service was quick and friendly... probably should have walked over to Paris for some crepes but dammit, my feet hurt....  The breakfasts surrounding us all appeared tasty and of good quality!  Of all things, what I enjoyed the most was the man enjoying a glass of what was probably scotch and breakfast.  I love Vegas.
4	Pork Fried rice were greattt after a night at XS:)
3	We enjoyed this place twice during our stay at Planet Hollywood. The first time was a pretty late dinner for which we weren't even hungry. We ordered a couple pasta dishes and were surprised at how big they were. Decent value for those.  The second time was for a lunch, more pasta and also the croissant french toast. Again the pasta was massive, be prepared for that, and the french toast was pretty tasty.Both times our waiters were very good and the experience was perfectly lovely. I would definitely recommend this place for any spur of the moment meal, and certainly for late night food. It's not fancy, but it has a lot of variety and good hours. Wish there was a veggie burger though!
2	"They try to be a fancier Denny's." - FriendI couldn't agree more. Planet Dailies, located on the casino level of Planet Hollywood, is definitely not a place I'd recommend to anyone who actually feels like eating and enjoying their food. I would, however, recommend this place to people who find themselves in one of the following situations:a) It's between 2pm and 4pm - that awkward time that's too late to be lunch, yet too early to be dinner - and you've finally gotten over your morning hangover. b) You need to eat because you know it's bad to drink on an empty stomach.c) You're drunk and don't really care what your food tastes like as long as it's greasy.d) It's late and nothing else is open.If you're not experiencing any of the above, please do yourself a favor and walk over to Yolo's, Earl of Sandwich, or (and I know this one is hard) gather up the energy to actually leave the hotel and get something good to eat.
3	Someone commented its a fancier Denny's, I can see that. It's good but nothing to go crazy over. I ordered the loco moco and orange juice. The loco moco was delicious and the orange juice looked like it was served in a shot glass and I wasn't even offered a refill. I liked how they had tv screens all over the place to watch whatever big game/even was going on. The service, food and overall experience was ok.
4	out of all the cafes in this town, this was one of the best but also one of the priciest. had a very good new york steak here for 22 and the chicken Marsala was very good too. the apps, we had a southwest egg roll that was surprisingly spicy and  good, i like it hot too.all in all i would spend that much on something else where, but i did enjoy the meal.
4	i love this cafe! first of all, i love that it is open 24/7. the food i've had here has always been delicious and a good-sized portion. it seems a little pricey for a cafe, but hey, its vegas! what do you expect? service was quick and clean.try the bloody mary here, too. its yummy!
4	I happily went here for breakfast each morning. Nothing was exceptional, but everything was good. They have a nice selection- between my sis and I we got a: breakfast burrito, southwest scramble, biscuits, granola fruit n yogurt, and eggs n bacon.  Typical fair, but huge portions and tasty to boot.  Pricey, as expected.
5	Kobe beef nough said
3	Basic diner food served by average hourly workers.  Short wait for a table, long wait for the food, decent taste and value, nothing special.
3	This place gets a bit fat "meh" from me. The food is good, but I can't shake the fact that it feels like you're eating at an upscale Denny's restaurant. The service is usually around when you want something. The food tastes good (I can imagine that some things are great). The videos on the wall are entertaining. It's all kinda gimmickry wrapped in cliche, deep fried and heavily salted, but sometimes when you're in Vegas, that's exactly what you're looking for.Go here for the meal before you go to a really nice restaurant - just to reset your taste buds to average ;) Oh, and this place rocks when you are drunk - there's nothing better than breakfast-diner food when you are five drinks in and trying to recover.
2	On rare occasions I eat at the cafe or coffee shops inside the Strip properties...this weekend I did it twice. The first time was at Planet Dailies. I was with some of my family members, and we had a very long night. To cap off the night, er, morning, we decided to eat some breakfast. We could have gone somewhere else, but we had just walked into Planet Hollywood, so we went for PD. First, I thought the menu was weak. There were not as many options as I've grown accustomed to at casino cafe's, and the prices were insane. I got an egg white scramble and paid about $15.00. It came with two pieces of toast, and a small heap of fries. Other members of my family had equally pricey meals. The food quality wasn't bad, but I just can't get over the price...I don't care if it is a strip property or not, that is too much for breakfast. The service was so-so. I don't think our waiter was really excited that we were there, but I will forgive them this time.
3	Came here twice this past weekend. The first time for a late night snack after the clubs and my first time playing the slot machines. I ordered the french toast. I must've been still drunk or tired because I didn't understand why the waiter asked me about croissant but I just nodded.Anyway..so my food comes and my plate of french toast is flat. Utterly confused but hungry I dove right in and like an epiphany, it hit me that I was eating french toast made from croissant. It was really buttery and creamy and omg, with the syrup.. forkfuls of sweet goodness. Definitely a nice way to end a long night. The second time here was the morning right before our flight home. I ordered the eggs benedict and since we were crunched for time, I finished one and some fries really quick. It was okay, not the best eggs benedict I've ever had, but it was decent and satisfied my hungry stomach. Good place to go if you are staying at Planet Hollywood and too lazy to make a trip elsewhere for food the morning of your flight.
4	If you're staying at Planet Hollywood, make sure to check the coupon book for 10% off your dining experience here! (If there's more than one of you at the hotel make sure you get multiple coupon books with your hotel room key.)The boyfriend and I decided to have breakfast here since we basically Earl of Sandwich'd ourselves out too early on in the trip. (JK, you can never have too many sandwiches). No wait and the place looked pretty poppin'. It's also open late for all you drunks! It's the IHOP of Vegas.I ordered the chocolate chip pancakes....probably the best chocolate chip pancakes I've ever had. I ordered scrambled egg whites on the side.My boyfriend ordered some big breakfast platter complete with bacon, sausage, eggs, pancooks, etc. etc.Everything was really good and service was quick.We also managed to sit there after we ate to solve the puzzles on the place mats. I wanted to make sure my brain was still working by solving Sudoku.I recommend!
1	This place is good for a late night meal and convenient however the first time we went our server had the worse customer service. He gave us attitude and all we asked was how much longer for our food. Acted like he hated life and did not want to be there. Someone must of been having a bad day. Horrible service!
4	This place is awesome! We had a fantastic server and they didn't mind that we brought in our own beer. I ordered the patty melt while my boyfriend had some sort of crazy sandwich that was like 4 inches tall. The fried were delish and you get your own personal ketchup bottle. While the food was a bit pricey (cost us about 50 bucks including tip) but considering that was the only real food we ate all day it was reasonable. I wish they had one of these close to me, but I will definitely go back the next time I am in Vegas. The menu is vast and includes manyifferent food options  (American, Chinese, Mexican, etc.) Just thinking about this place makes me hungry....mmm
3	Why is this place great?24-hour service for breakfast, lunch or dinner, center of the LV Strip. Plus, it's located in the casino area-- not through a maze at the back of the hotel-- easy access no matter where you are coming from on the strip.Unfortunately, some of the items are a little over-priced, but if you're on vacation, you're probably already making some splurges anyway.  My husband got one waffle with a little syrup (no fruit, no extra butter, nothing) for $10.  When you think about how much it would cost you to make one waffle on your own, $10 is a little steep; then, you consider that it's 3 am on a Wednesday, and it's not too terrible I suppose.  But then again, some items are about right, price wise.  The service is fair; you can tell that some servers are sick of the night shifts, tired of drunk tourists, or just hate their job.  Also, there's no restroom in the restaurant; only in the casino area, which is just outside the restaurant.   Overall, a good spot for late night or early morning meals.  They have a wide variety of items at a slightly higher price, but they serve it all 24 hours a day.
3	they have good services. food is okay. nachos was a big disappointment. we ate there a few time cuz we stayed at PH. food is seriously a-okay.. and kinda over priced..
3	24/7 American Diners... just like the good ole' days of late nights out in the suburbs.This place is aiite. Typical Diner food, but pricier. I accompanied my girlfriend here after a night of drinking and staying up late. She was hungover like a mofo, so we thought food would make her feel better. Plus she said she'd pay, since I held her hair for her while she puked up a boot. Unfortunately, I wasn't very hungry and I'm kind of trying to watch my figure so I went with the biscuits and country gravy with a side of grits. My alcoholic girlfriend ordered a glass of orange juice and a country omelet. Although the food is pricey, you get a pretty large portion. My biscuits were very buttery and the country gravy gave it a nice creamy texture to them. The potatoes were delicious and the sausage was just wateves. Luckily my girlfriend had to puke some more, so while she was gone I got to taste her country omelet. It sucked. cold, gross, and rubbery. Anyways, I asked for the check and to my surprise the meal was over 40 bucks. My girlfriend's OJ was 6 bucks. damn. if you get a screwdriver on the casino floor, that would have been free. I went thru my girlfriends purse and gave the server her credit card. -1 star for lack of security.A little about my credentials:I first got into cooking & food when I was in college. After being rejected by numerous girls and getting zero action, I decided it was time for a change. I needed a new makeover to boost my geeky, engineering image. I applied for a cooking position at a Mediterranean-Italian  Restaurant near my home and learned to cook all sorts of pastas and dishes. I never became a professional chef, but I continue to enjoy & love food. 8 years later and 55 lbs heavier, I am now an engineer that travels all over the world trying new foods and learning about different cultures.
4	My boyfriend loves this place so much his picture should be on the wall.Last night's meal was too good I didn't want to share with the bf. I had the seared Ahi Tuna Salad and each bite was incredible. Of course I got the discount for it which made it out to be 7 dollars. :) My boyfriend got the Lobster Fettuccine with discount made it about 10. :) Our waiter Joy was nice and she took care of us when we needed it.  Again, another happy experience.
3	Standard cafe type food.  Ordered a customized omelette with a side of french toast.  Omelette was nothing special but the french toast was very good!Minus 1 star for receiving our food an hour after we ordered and minus another star for the quality of the food.Although, our waitress was very nice and the televisions in the cafe were showing some pretty entertaining stuff.
2	Nothing more than an attempt at a fancy diner with the outcome of failure.1. Overpriced for what you get.  $14 for a sandwich and fries. Should've been half the price.2. Below average food. I got an angus steak melt on rye with sauteed onions and swiss that came with a side of fries . I asked for medium well, and it was pink. The whole sandwich was bland. No flavors at all. The onions were bland. The meat was bland. The fries tasted like McDonald's or Dairy Queen's.Go to Spice Market Buffet if you want good food at PH.
4	Ate here after getting settled in to the room and unwinding. I swear I cannot remember what my boyfriend ate, but I had the BBQ Chicken sandwich with fries. They served it on a wheat bun or something along those lines, my apologies for not being too specific, but the food was delish, the server was very attentive, and even people who weren't my server were attentive, clearing our dishes off the table as we were done, etc. (Granted, all restaurants should do this but in Atlanta where I live, that doesn't happen often). Overall good experience, I like how they had their menu outside the rest on a touch screen so you can see what you want b4 you sit down, tvs all around, they're located in the casino, and its 24/7 so you can go for Breakfast, lunch, dinner, and 4th meal. I'll be back in October, so see ya soon Planet Dailies.
4	Located in the Planet Hollywood casino this place has great food 24/7. The menu has everything from salads, streak, breakfast all day, huge burgers. pasta. Chinese food, and a great Ruben. The service was amazing.
1	I had breakfast here with BF & my niece. The server seemed kind of spacey and weird. The menu had many, many items on it, so it took us awhile to decide.Finally ordered - Eggs Benedict Florentine for me, Pancakes & sausage for my niece, and a Bagel with Salmon for the BF.Food came out and it LOOKED great. Then we ate it. BF did like his bagel & salmon, but come on, how can you eff that up?Niece's pancakes were dry. She said not even syrup could save them. BF tried her cakes and agreed that they were the driest he had ever had. She also said her sausage was bland. My Eggs Benedict Florentine was not good. First off, they put swiss cheese on them. Cheese? Hm. One of my eggs was totally undercooked and beyond runny, the other was totally overcooked and the yolk was all dried out. One of my english muffins was stale and I couldn't even cut through it.The spinach was good, but that was about it. Oh yeah, the total for this crappy breakfast? $67!!!
4	Pros: 24/7, service great, We were hungry so just about anything would have been good. I had the asian lettuce cups. Made to perfection. Hubby hada mushroom swiss angus burger with fries. He ate the whole thing! Cons: A bit pricey.
2	Expensive dinner. We went here with one of the 50% off vouchers that we'd bought at tickets tonight. These cost 2 bucks each so 8 bucks. Seemed like a deal. However, we ended up spending 84 dollars. That wasn't the plan. It's basic enough food and very expensive. I ordered ribs which I sent back as they were tough as old nails. The knife I was given had trouble cutting them. I ended up pulling the bones from the meat which is kind of backwards before giving up and ordering roast chicken which wasn't great either.Service was good and fast but I'd look elsewhere for value.
3	We had just got back from Drinking and Clubbing . So we perused the 10 am Menu for a bite to eat. I ended up getting the Bacon and Cheddar 3 egg Omelet with Potato wedges ,Wheat toast and Fruit . Service was good and attentive . Food was brought to us it was average nothing special but pricey about $20 Plus per person.
2	Wow, if only I would have gone back to MY OWN original review, I could've avoided this, lol.Server was attentive, but gave off the vibe that we bothered her.  My mom's food was cold and instead of bringing her an entire new plate, they heated up the cut into food and brought it back, which scared me.Pancakes were not very good, sausage was strange...Now I will seriously NEVER be back..Overpriced and just not good food.Shoulda just had McDonald's
3	Greatest French Toast on earth. Not cheap ..but well worth The price . It's a must every trip to Vegas for me .
2	It's meh. Spinach dip appetizer was bland, but my shrimp pad Thai was pretty tasty. I won't be coming back because I feel there are many better places around like the sandwich shop across the casino floor. Now that is pure nomnomnom.
2	We went yesterday and received the worst service. We had ordered the fried calamari. When it arrived, the calamari was cold and the dough was tasteless. They also serve the plate with a tomato salsa, not marinera sauce, and a side of thousand island dressing (which was disgusting). Our server only visited our table twice. Once to take the order, then to deliver the bill. For the prices they charge, this place is the worst! I give it two stars because we received lemons on request and the beer (on tap) was good.
4	This restaurant made me a total fan of Congee! I knew I wanted comfort food and this rice porridge dish totally hit the spot. I had the seafood congee which had shrimp and scallops that were plump and tender. I also had shrimp fried rice, fried chicken, and their BLT sandwich. It was all delicious and filling. Great place to eat any time of the day!!
4	Planet Dallies is a great 24/7 spot in the center of the strip. The menu is gigantic but I can definitely recommend the Chicken Wraps, Caesar salad with chicken, and the multitude of bar food adaptations available. Prices are reasonable. Sometimes the wait can be a problem but it usually goes fast. Late night hours are the best simply because no line, talkative/slower staff, and more of a chill vibe. Besides Fatburger, this is where I go directly off of the plane.
3	Overpriced 24hour cafe...but when your out and about..and drunk at 2-3am...this is the place to be if you are staying at Planet Hollywood or the Towers... They have a big selection in their menu.  Had their wonton noodle soup and it was actually decent..had a lot of flavor and a good amount on wontons.. average place from from $11-$25 or so... Also tried their loco moco..the sauce and rice was good, the meat was kinda over cook, you can taste the burned parts......
4	The room service took for every so my bf and I went downstairs to look for food after 11pm and this was the 1st place we seen open. Glad it was near and we were seated promptly. Our waiter was very nice and took our drink order and brought it right away. The waitstaff was very helpful and nice. The appetizer we ordered was pot stickers which were very good. And I ordered the linguine fruitti de mare, it was a seafood dish and it wad delicious and pretty spicy. I love spicy food and was surprised on how spicy this dish was. If you are looking for a good spicy dish this would be the choice! Overall, great service and food!!
3	Covering the planet with the loco moco.  My friend was hungry after we stepped out of Koi at about 3:30am.  I spotted the infamous Hawaiian dish on the menu and we decided to get that and share.  Honestly, I was not hungry, but I was open for a taste.  Surprisingly enough, it was good enough to satisfy the hunger, but I think it was missing the gravy??  Great place that is open 24 hours for a quick and convenient bite.
1	Full disclosure: the food was 3 stars, maybe 4. Unfortunately this is a one-star review because we literally had the WORST WAITER ever.We were seated quickly. Water and menus appeared. Waiter was not overly friendly, but not callous yet. We ordered a burger and a chicken sandwich. Again, the food was pretty good. Overpriced, but that's par for the course in Vegas.Sadly, the waiter was totally inattentive. He disappeared for long stretches of time, avoided eye contact when walking by, made no effort to check on us when the food took a long time to come out, or to ask us how it was afterward. He gave us the check without asking if we wanted dessert, which is a big no-no in my book. He practically growled when he spoke. He was just super grumpy and obviously didn't want to be there. Save yourself the headache and eat at Pink's.
4	I wandered into this cafe on Thanksgiving morning looking for Starbucks. I just wanted some coffee...the line was OUTRAGEOUS.This cafe was right next to it and didn't look too crowded so I rolled up in there. I was alone so I got seated right away (at the counter...which was mildly awkward. Nothing screams "single girl alone on Thanksgiving" more than a single girl sitting alone on Thanksgiving...at the COUNTER.)My waitress was classic and wonderful. Brought me coffee (which was WONDERFUL) and let me take my time checking out the lengthy menu. She gave me some menu suggestions and I got the Chicken and biscuits. My food came out promptly and holy cow was it amazing. My waitress kept the coffee coming and was very attentive. The chicken and biscuits were a bit pricey...but I paid the same amount here as I did at a breakfast buffet...and yet the food here was leaps and bounds better and I left way full anyways.
4	i came here on a saturday with some friends, hoping to not spend too much, but it's pretty much $13+ for burgers, even more for pasta or steaks (but that's pretty much expected). i was hoping to not spend too much in vegas, but since i was already there and wanted to get something that wouldn't be in LA, i opt out of getting mcdonalds.i came to planet dailies several months ago, in march, at like 4am. pretty good, but expennnsive, drunk food! i got the filet mignon that time. that was around $25 for an 8oz.this time around, i got this shrimp dia...volo something something (with spicy rosa sauce) and that was preeetty good. when it arrived in this huge plate, it looked like a tiny portion, but that filled me up good. all my friends ordered sandwiches. the fries are soo good! extra crispy. and they gave everyone their own little individual heinz ketchup bottle too! nice touch.our waiter was really nice, but it's really a hit and miss with this place. when looking around at other tables, some waiters were really there to just take the customer's order, bring their food, and jam. our waiter checked up on us periodically, so that was kinda nice (especially for a busy place too).ps, it's 24hours, so it's a nice place to hit up after a night of clubbing.
3	I was craving something basic and simple. Nothing fancy. Something as good and delish as old fashioned rolled oats with a hint of honey and soy milk. Breakfast of champions IMO ! Warm goodness in my tumtum. 'Planet Dailies' was the spot our group of gals chose after walkin' endlessly in Vegas. On to the marks for the good, bad, and ugly !Good: - Seated almost immediately with a group of 6. - My Ahi tuna salad was delish. Not overly seasoned and it wasn't doused with so much dressing that you could barely taste the delicate flavors of the veggies and ahi tuna. - Free mini Heinz ketchup bottle ! Well, at least the girls figured it was free. Cute memorabilia ???- Lively and flat screen TVs are seen throughout. A good place to catch a game and maybe grab a few drAnks.Bad:- Menu suffered from a case of mistaken identity. Are we American, Asian, Italian, or Mexican ???- I love options, but looking at the menu made me crave for a broad range of things from oatmeal to wonton soup ?! Oy ! I'm indecisive enough as it is. Why must you torture me 'Planet Dailies' ? Why ?Ugly:- An extensive menu comes with a ridiculous price. Basic breakfast food items you can get from Denny's is twice the cost here. No bueno.Overall, I give this place a 'C' aka 'meh' since I enjoyed my meal. Would I go back ?? It's open 24 hours..so maaaybe under the influence. Everything tends to get a boost in rating when I'm typsy ! o_O !
2	This review is long over due as it is a place I regularly eat at during my trips to Vegas.  Now don't get me wrong, it isn't because I love this restaurant but more because I always happen to stay at Planet Hollywood (which I have a separate review for, dont even get me started on that) and it is the only 24 diner.Food:This is PH's version of Cheescake Factory.  They have a ridiculously large menu with everything on it from various cuisines.  Most recently, I tried the Kobe Beef Sliders which are about what you expect for sliders.  They aren't terrible but nothing spectacular.  My bf ordered the meatloaf which was pretty tasty.  This dish came in very generous portions, 2 large piece of meatloaf and large ice cream scoop of mash potatoes with gravy drizzled all over it.A friend of mine order the Chicken Parmesan and that plate seems like it was meant to feed a family of 4.  There is a heap of pasta with a giant piece of chicken that had double side batter.We also had potato wedges, which were giant sized and tasted pretty good, very greasy- yum.Bottom line, I would say this is up to par with Cheesecake, about average.Service:Absolutely horrible. Consistently. Every time I come here.  The food seriously takes forever to come out and they rarely get the order right.  Somehow, at least one persons order gets messed up or don't even come at all- which is what happened in the most recent trip.  My friend's entree didn't come at all until we pointed it out and by the time they brought it out, everyone else was done.  We said to just cancel it cuz there was no point and there response was a simple "ok"- no apologies, nothing.Basically, when you come here to eat, be prepared to be here for at least 1.5 hour for a party of 4 of fewer.  If more than that, prob 2 hours.Price:Very pricey, especially for the quality. That is, unless you are ok with paying $18 for mediocre pad thai.  Not that I would come here to order pad thai but that's just an example of their ridiculous prices.
3	It's a dinner type menu - with a lot of options.  There are TVs EVERYWHERE which gets annoying when you think the people at the table are staring at your when really they are looking over your shoulder at the TV loop of funny videos or CNN or a sports game.  Because there are so many options on the menu, it's an easy choice for a large group.  Anyone can find something to appease their hunger.  I lean toward the spinach salad or the lemon grass soup if it's after 11.  Before 11 - it's the huevos rancheros, hands down.
1	Their food is ok. But, the real reason for the 1 star is the service. THE SERVICE SUCKS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Came to order/pickup food for a co-worker and I guess there's a special person/place to take the orders in the restaurant. Well, I stood in the "order area" for about 10 minutes without a look from anyone in the area.THE WORST PART ABOUT IT WAS A MANAGER WAS STANDING RIGHT IN FRONT OF ME WITH HIS BACK FACED TO ME.....FLIRTING WITH A FEMALE PATRON.Like, really????Finally, the person that does the ordering came. AND STILL NO LOOK BACK FROM THE MANAGER!!!!!!!I knew he was a manager because he wasn't wearing the uniform that the other waiters were wearing. I just wish I got a look at his nametag. But, alas...he didn't take one look back.
3	3 in the morning....drunk and hungry.  Half the group went back to their hotel rooms to sleep it off.  A few went to the tables to press their lucks. The remaining group (including yours truly) walked around looking for something to munch on.  Being lazy, we decided to look for something within PH.So we found this coffee house right next to the Pleasure Pits of Planet Hollywood and decided to give it a try.  Look quickly through the menu and......one thing on the menu caught all our eyes.  LOCO MOCO!!Three husky boys getting all excited for some late night loco moco....woo hoo.Big props to Rob for ordering extra gravy for our dishes because it's not made the usual hawaiian way you get at those BBQ houses.Rice was a little on the dry side and the steak was pretty small.  Even our waiter was understanding and brought us 6 dishes of gravy...NICE DUDE!For what its worth...it's Las Vegas....it's 3-4 in the morning...it's $15 a plate....not too bad.  Or maybe it was the alcohol that made the food taste good.  Hmmm.....
3	Arriving on a red eye from HI, we were able to check in early but didn't feel like straying far for sustenance.  First stop, Starbucks, conveniently located next to PD.  Then over to meet the rest of the girls who already ordered.  I wasn't read for a big breakfast & they allowed me to special order 2 scrambled eggs for $2.95.  One of the girls got the big breakfast that had enough for 2 people and my other cousin got pancakes w/a side order of hash that was delish!  Food was ok but price coulda been better.  Most menu items were in the $10-15 range and was entirely too much food.
5	We had a great experience here.  We got in before 10 a.m. on a Sunday, so we missed any line.  The hostess was very friendly.  Our sever's name was Rawkus and he was great--just really friendly and prompt without rushing us.  He kept our drinks full and was an awesome waiter.  And if you have a hangover or want some quiet time, there are lots of TVs set to sports with subtitles.  And there's sudoku on the placemats.  Rawkus even offered us pens.  We were also both really happy with what we ordered.  Mine was a breakfast burrito, which was grilled and melty and delicious.  It was also too gigantic to finish.   My guy got this outrageous French toast.  They started with cinnamon rolls and sliced them up and dipped them in creme brulee batter and grilled them.  Then they put strawberry sauce on top.  It was amazing.  Also, there was a big group at the next table giving the servers a hard time because their eggs were over and/or underdone.  They must've sent back four things.  I was impressed at how nice and professional all the servers were.   I would've "accidentally" spilled a drink on this one woman for sure.
4	I ALWAYS go here when in Vegas...it's my go to place during the wee hours :-)
3	Food isn't bad and open late, but it's so pricey. $18 for breakfast food and $21 flor lunch food. Not late cheap eats!
3	We stayed in Planet Hollywood on our last trip to Vegas and ended up eating in this restaurant several times. Aside from a bacon omelette that left BF on surprising bacon overload the food was solid. It is exactly what we've come to expect from the obligatory "diner" within a casino. Mostly friendly decent service. The bench seating wall was a bit awkward because the table came up to chest level when seated (I'm 5'8") and your companion on the chair is towering over you. Avoid it if you can
2	I didn't have high expectations but I was still disappointed.  The salad was fresh and gigantic but a little watery. My tuna steak was overcooked and made my stomach hurt!  BUT......my friend got the filet mignon and that was awesome, he polished it off as I watched longingly.Hint: you can buy a 50% off coupon from TIX4TONIGHT for $3/person.
1	I went here twice the past weekend. The first experience was good. It was Saturday night at about 1:00ish in the morning. There weren't many people there, and the service was good. I had the pesto chicken dish. The chicken was over cooked and dry, but the sauce was good. A friend in our group at the mac and cheese and it was pretty fantastic.The next morning, my husband and I went there for breakfast around 11:00am. The place was pretty busy. Instead of waiting, we sat at the counter thinking that it would be faster.THE SERVICE WAS SUPER SLOW. I had the spinach salad, and my husband had the chicken fried steak entree. Both were okay.I would have gave this place three stars for the alright food, but the service was just too horrible.
3	HIGHLIGHT: open 24 hours! so its not the best and the food is not really all that great, but if you are looking for something other than that monstrous line thats at EARLS than it will do. the food is slightly overpriced, but what cafe in a hotel in las vegas on strip isn't? as for the food (on a scale of 1-5; 5 being GOOD, 1 being SHITTY): CARBONARA: 3CORNED BEEF HASH: 4 NACHOS: 3 (they are HUGE)LOBSTER BENEDICT: 3 FRIED RICE: 4 (decent for where you are at)WONTON NOODLES: 2 (bland but if you are looking for soup) KOBE BEEF SLIDERS: 3 (doesn't taste like kobe)so if you are looking for a sit down restaurant in PH and really can't find anything else, its not horrible.
5	Love the breakfasts here with a side of killer sausage!
4	I actually enjoyed eating here, but maybe because I had a 50% voucher for this place. My boyfriend & I came here to eat around 11pm and the place was pretty empty. The waiter was extremely attentive and friendly. He constantly made sure that we had everything we needed and refilled our water. It seemed as though the slower the restaurant it is, the better the customer service. Reading other reviews, it seems as though it gets extremely busy during morning/lunch. I think their policy is that regardless what you order, they add a 15% gratuity to the receipt. The portions are pretty small though and it's kind of expensive. So if you're super hungry, I wouldn't recommend this place. I ate lobster alfredo and it was pretty good (maybe b/c it came out to be half price!). Although, I really liked the fact they have a huge menu and it's open 24/7. And there's bunch of tv's with sports playing surrounding the restaurant.
1	I have been here twice and both times they have messed up on the orders and messed up on the bill. Service is super slow, I think they dont have enough people working. I got my salad 30 minutes before I got the dressing. Dressing doesn't equal dessert.
4	Really good Ahi Tuna steak, especially if you're drunk and need something to even out the alcohol. Servers are nice and quick.
2	Just squeaking in that extra star.... On a recent trip to Vegas, we were a little hungover and a lot hungry for something to eat. After wandering around we just decided to head back to our own hotel and eat there. What a mistake! It was just after 12:00 and on Saturday and Sunday, the breakfast stops at 12:00. They have some breakfast 'specials' available on the regular menu, but it was things like omelets with french fries. I just wanted an egg sandwich or something very simple, but no.... We sit down, decide on what to have, and wait, and wait, and wait. Shockingly enough, I was getting very irritated. Servers are walking by and no one is stopping to take our order. We waited, and I timed it, 15 minutes for someone to come over and say, "we didn't see you sitting here. How about I take your drink order and then find your server?" My response was, "just take the whole order and don't find someone to else to help us. We've been waiting and you've been serving the table right next to us the whole time." I ordered water and a $14.99 grilled cheese sandwich with tomatoes, no bacon with fries. Dining companion ordered a Diet Pepsi and Reuben with chips. Then, after I complain the manager comes out and is bending over backwards, and a little too far at that, to help us. Food comes out and the grilled cheese was awesome, but it left a bad taste in my mouth. We received the Diet Pepsi comped and 20% off, but think of it this way, if someone had helped us to start with, you would have made a whole lot more money. Go with caution, it wasn't even busy and now I know why. I gave it the extra star because that sandwich was so damn good. I just wanted my sandwich and to be left alone.
1	We had just finished a show and wanted to get something to eat before heading back to our hotel and figured this  place was as good as any.  Pretty empty at nine at night in Vegas should have been an omen.Firstly we were seated right in the path of traffic when there were 20 or more tables empty.  We asked and were seated in a table of our choosing.Another bad omen was that our food came out too quickly,a true sign that something had been cooked ahead.  I am an avid Ahi tuna eater and was glad to see it on the menu.  My wife ordered a chicken and pasta dish and I ordered the pasta.  The chicken in my wife's dish was tough and overcooked as if it had been sitting for a while.  My tuna was cold on the inside like they had just taken it out of the fridge and was not seared on a very hot stove.The waiter apologized and said he would let the chef know but was not very sincere.  Not a place I will ever go back to.
4	First time I went here I was very overwhelmed on how many food items thy had to the menu.( I believe over 250) so I was looking at the menu for a bit. I had the Rachel and pad Thai and was very happy with the flavor of both dishes. I like this place because of it's relaxed atmosphere and also for the fact that holly Madison comes here. Maybe one day I'll run into her.
2	A couple days later and still thinking about this place... not in a good way.So my bf and I are debating what to eat for dinner after watching Peep Show and we turn to Yelp. Although Yelp had Earl of Sandwich (5 stars and cheap) listed as a hot spot we went for Planet Dailies instead since it was in Planet Hollywood where the show was. It was nearly empty when we went but then again it was midnight. We did however walk by the place before the show at 8:00pm and it still was pretty empty for a Saturday night.These were the following reasons why a) I can't stop thinking about how disappointed I was, b) gave it 2 stars, and c) will never go back.We ordered a Reuben sandwich, shrimp tempura, and a Caesar salad. We requested the shrimp tempura, being an appetizer, be served prior to our dinner. When the food arrived we received the Caesar salad and the Reuben first. We let the server, who was not our waiter, know of the missing shrimp tempura. He said he would check with our waiter on it. I was next disappointed in the fact that the Caesar salad was brought to me not chopped, but in huge "leaf-like" pieces. I suppose it's something new places are trying to make it more avant garde but I'm on vacation trying to cut my lettuce with a butter knife. The grilled chicken that came on the plate looked delicious but when I took a bite it tasted very burnt. The cross marks from being grilled were indeed black. The edge of the chicken crispy and dry. The taste was so unpleasant I did not eat anymore. A third server brought us our shrimp tempura and did explain that they know we wanted it first but it actually took longer for the shrimp tempura to cook than the other two dishes we ordered. The shrimp tempura was actually delicious and hot but at that point I really didn't care. When ever appetizer dishes are brought out after the main dishes, I always have this attitude like, "Well I could have just not ordered it to begin with and not have to pay for it if it was going to arrive late." Finally, our actual server came by and apologized. I honestly felt the staff had been really nice... I think I just may have ordered the wrong things, they came out in the wrong order, and they were not the best quality... All of this confirmed by a $60 bill :( That is pretty steep considering we had lunch at Mon Ami Gabi in the Paris Hotel which offers excellent atmosphere, service, and the dishes are actually worth the $60 for a 4 1/2 star place. At Mon Ami Gabi they actually comped us dessert for serving me the wrong dish. At this place I only heard apologies... would have liked to see us comped for receiving our appetizer late. I feel a restaurant who delivers great guest service will do it without the guest having to ask. We honestly will not go back because there is something better we can compare it to for the same price.
4	Came here after a late night of drinking... I had the quesadillas from the appetizer menu, ate 3 out of 4 of them and was already full! Theyre nice sized. My boyfriend had an awesome burger, the BBQ Bacon cheddar burger. Pros:  Open 24 Hours            Cheap!            Great foodCons:  None?
4	A very solid, somewhat reasonably priced breakfast with great service.The french toast is HUGE.  It can easily be shared by two people.  The eggs dishes were all done well.  The breakfast potatoes are great.Not much to say other than it's reliably good food.
3	The only reason for me coming here was that it was open very late. The food was decent for the most part, but I don't see anything about the place that stands out. The rib eye steak that comes in one of the breakfast entrees with eggs was a bit smaller than I thought it would be. Maybe the steak shrinks the later it gets in the day...
1	Hate to give it one star, but it truly deserves it.  I am accustomed to coming to Vegas and eating pretty decently, even on the cheap.  I was so sad that this place disappointed me so much especially being in Planet Hollywood.  First thing first, someone in our party tore a muscle in his leg the night before and was in a wheelchair.  The hostess asked him if he was drunk.  We were all so offended, he just wanted to eat.  Feed the man.We come to the table and we aren't too sure who our server is because no one really introduced themselves.  First, a girl comes with water and spills all three waters, some of it landing on me.  Ice and lemons are all over the carpeted floor and they leave it there!  A gentleman takes our orders and comes back because he didn't write down our order and had to clarify.  I ordered the Corned Beef Hash and it was not a good idea.  Overall, bad experience and will not be back.
4	Cinnamon bun french toast was incredible. Service was ok.
5	French toast was amazing!
5	I don't understand all the negative comments about this place.  Services are good, seats are comfortable, and the best of all, the foods are GREAT here!I often find Vegas restaurants overpriced.  This restaurant, tends to be on the pricey side too but if you know where to get the coupon, it can be one of the best hidden secret on Las Vegas Blvd, and they open 24 hours (However, coupon only works from 4pm to midnight daily).I tried many of their dishes, from breakfast items, famous Reuben Sandwiches with Marble Bread (Yummy), Grilled Ribeye steak, Fried Honey Chicken...All of them exceeded my expectation.  The Best food here, however is their Chinese food. I always came dinner/midnight hours so your experience may varied.  Their Asian (Chinese) food are AWESOME.  I came from LA, which is known to have tons Asian/Chinese restaurants.  This place, oh man, beats 90% of the restaurants in LA area.  Its SO GOOD.  Their Roast Duck, Fried Rice, Singapore Noodle, Chicken Lettuce Wrap.   YUMMM... I wish we can have a place that serve this type of quality Chinese food in LA!Please try this place out, its worth a visit!
3	came here late one night a few weeks ago after a long and dissapointing journey in search of prime rib. a group of us were starving and had decided to go eat after plans fell through for the night. a few were craving prime rib, and had made it a mission to find a place that was serving it. we actually ended up here when we decided enough was enough (we were tired of walking everywhere). our server was alright. personally, i didn't have a problem with him or his service. but some of my friends agreed that he was a bit on the rude side. one thing that struck a chord with all of us, however, was his lack of honesty. a friend of mine had placed his $5 chip on the table while we were all being seated. in the mist of ordering our food and having our drinks brought out to us, i guess our server came by and swooped up the chip when we werent paying attention. when we asked him if he happened to see the chip anywhere, he made up a story that did not seem to add up. he claimed that he did see a $5 chip, and that it was on the table near us where a group of guys were sitting, and that they used it to tip his friend coworker who served their table. then he proceeded to tell us that she gave it to him because she didnt want it... ???? hmm... the veracity of the story = not very believable. we knew the truth: he'd picked it up while we weren't looking. not very polite if you ask me. aside from that, the food was affordable and decent. a couple of our friends commented on how big the portions were for its price, and decided to only eat half and save the rest for breakfast. me, i wiped my steak dish clean just because i was hungry... but i've had better, and cheaper for a bigger chunk. but then again, it's vegas!
4	Saturday Dinner @ Planet Dailies in Planet HollywoodWith the show, we got a small meal deal with it. We got a voucher for all of us to get 50% our meals at this place Planet Dailies. We didn't really know what to expect, so when we got there we found plenty of options. They have all kinds of food there, and it's all pretty decently priced, around $10-15 a plate, with pretty good sized portions as well. The waiter was really nice and he let us know that the asian noodles were really good there because the chef was in kind of a separate kitchen almost with his own little section and he barely speaks english. The food, therefore, was pretty authentic according to him. Having completely overlooked that entire section because we had thought otherwise, we thought it would be good to try. My friend decided to just go with a pastrami sandwich, which looked pretty good. It had really cool bread and lots of meat. Plus it came with fries. Looked delicious and filling. I was foolish and thought I wanted 2 dishes. I got both macaroni and cheese as well as beef congee (jook). Both were huge, and of course if you know me you could guess that I ate about 1/2 of one and 1/6 of the other. The macaroni and cheese was VERY rich. Delicious, but rich. The noodles were drenched in cheese, and there was a TON of it. The jook was good, nothing too special, but I don't really know how you can make that better than it is... I mean all it is is rice and water... it helped my throat, which was a little irritated at the time. Oh, and did I mention that the macaroni and cheese was GIGANTIC? Oh, I did? Well... it really was. But it was really good.. I wish that they sold them in small bowls, because that's really what I wanted... Anyway, my eyes are definitely way bigger than my stomach for SURE. Another thing that my mom got was the Hong Kong style won ton soup. It looked really good, but between my two dishes, I had 0% space in my stomach. My mom said it was especially filling because they had both the won tons and the extra noodles on the bottom. She said it was good though. Everyone seemed to like their meals there, and everyone got something different. Plus, the fact that everything was 50% off made it just that much better.
3	try it.. try it.. try it..
1	it was so bad that i created a yelp account so i can bitch about it!  i was very excited to go there because someone on yelp said their steak is good. so i went and ordered a sirloin while my boyfriend ordered a ny strip. so the steak came out, my bfs ny strip is at least medium well when he asked for medium rare. so he sent his steak back. mine started out fine and then i realized a quarter of my steak is completely burned! it took me forever to get the burned taste out of my tongue! my boyfriend got his steak back when i was done with mine (they told us it would only take 5 to 10 mins) his ny strip was burned on one side too!  OH on top of that, the waitress was very slow. I didnt get refills for my water. AND they put down 15% tip for u!  oh and also the steaks are barely seasoned. I feel like i could have made steak a lot better!
1	The one star is for the staff. They are cute and sweet and very on top of it. However, this is simply the most appalling food that any restaurant has ever tried to serve me. It made Denny's seem like a visit to Fouchon. It is so nightmarishly over priced and so under developed. The omelet I had was filled to bursting point with a clear greasy liquid. My friends had sandwiches where the bread was just soaked in the same curious matter, and the chicken had the consistency of asbestos. And for this, an omelette was 11 bucks, and a sandwich is 13. The southwest scramble was filled with super cheap greasy chorizo and tasted like scrambled eggs with a canned sloppy joe mix thrown in, vegetables were frozen, of course. Shocking. This really is a new very dark development for Las Vegas. It used to be that you could arrive here and get a decent meal and a room for cheap so you could spend all your money on gambling. Now, everywhere you turn, you are being nickel and dimed and overcharged to such an embarrassing level that you simply want to go home and just spend your money doing something really fulfilling there. Planet Hollywood is so douchey that you may actually feel in danger crossing through the casino, it looks like a bunch of wife beaters hunting for their next victims. Skip this place AT ALL COSTS.
2	Granted that I was in Las Vegas, it was not surprising that I was hung over. My friends and I were staying at the PH Towers and the last thing I wanted to do, was to step out into the scorching 100 degree heat for some food.We had a group of eight people, who each wanted something different and it was a huge headache, trying to figure out a place that would accommodate everyone's taste. Not to mention, I already had a huge headache from all of the previous night's alcohol consumption to begin with. We finally agreed to give Planet Dailies a try, since they had such a vast variety on their menu. They had all sorts of dishes: soups, salads, Asian cuisine, pastas, sandwiches/burgers, breakfast, steaks, seafood, smoothies, and shakes. I got the Hong Kong Wonton soup, which was okay. It came with leafy greens and several wontons. The broth was nice and clear, but it wasn't as good as wonton soup from an Asian restaurant of course. It was the perfect remedy for the time being. I also got the try the chicken fettuccini and the spaghetti with meatballs. The chicken fettuccini was too dry and the Alfredo sauce was way too thick. On the other hand, the spaghetti and meatballs was great. It was a humungous serving that my friend could not finish. Luckily, she was nice enough to share. The meatballs were tender and abundant. The sauce was the perfect consistency and I liked it.The food actually deserves three stars, but I've given them an overall two stars, for their incredibly slow service. The food took a good thirty minutes to come out and when one of my friends asked for an extra spoon and Tabasco sauce, it took the waiter 15 minutes to bring out just the spoon--he had forgotten about the Tabasco sauce. There were only two other tables being occupied at the time, so the slow and forgetful service was really unacceptable. Since they are open 24 hours, I would probably only come back during a drunken stupor, when I am feeling too good to even care about how long my food takes.
4	Came here around 10:00 on a Friday night just to chill for a bit. Father in law ordered a Fettucine alfredo with chicken and we all had a bite. It was really good, that's all I know. The cream sauce tasted really legit, and they didn't skimp on the chicken at all, which was very tender breast meat. Unexpectedly good.Other tables ordered nachos and the like, which all looked excellent. Next time I'll come back to eat for real.
4	This place is a Dinner inside of The Planet Hollywood hotel, it is open 24 hour a day and you can get breakfast all day or night. All of the food comes in Large portions, and is the best diner food i have ever had for a diner it is a little on the pricy side but you get allot of food when you order and its Vegas so everything cost more. If you are looking for a good breakfast lunch dinner or late night snack after a night of partying stop by this place is the GOOD ;-) TIP you can share almost anything on the menu and both be full.
3	This was another restaurant in the maze of a casino that is Planet Hollywood. My friend and I woke up late and wanted to grab lunch but couldn't think of anywhere else to go so we settled for this one. She said she saw this place was packed from the day before so she was curious, as was I. We were seated as soon as we walked in as it wasn't that busy. My friend and I ordered Mango Mimosas to start, and the Chicken Marsala and the Lobster Omelet. Those $6 mimosas were the best mimosas I've ever had. They were SO good! Being that I was in Vegas and I wanted to be drunk the entire time, I was glad that I was buzzed after just 2 sips of the drink. It was so strong but it was so worth it. Thumbs up. Or rather, two thumbs up. Six if I had six thumbs.The chicken dish had a really strong wine flavor, which was good (I've had chicken marsalas where I can barely taste the wine, blech). The poultry was nice and moist, and the mushrooms gave the dish a nice touch. The veggies on the side were nicely steamed as well. The egg dish was very filling; I love love loved the lobster - it was very chunky and moist. I think I loved almost everything that this place had to offer. Very generous portions, chatty and really friendly server, the different TV's all playing different shows and the atmosphere. The one thing I didn't like was the price. I thought it was quite expensive. Was it good value for the food? Not really. I think I would have paid less than what I paid forFor the atmosphere, taste and service, 4/5. Price, 3/5. Sadly Yelp doesn't offer half stars. My rating for this place would be 3.5/5 but since the price is what really stood out for me, I'm leaving it at 3/5.Would I come back? Probably not. There are tons of other restaurants and eateries on the strip which I would like to try.
4	we just got back from Marquee and my girlfriend was craving chicken wings out of no where at like 2am. haha so we walked around asking everyone until this random security on a bike told us about this place. and thank god we went in. service was instantly amazing. the girl who sat us was so nice and so social. not annoyingly social. like, we instantly got along. haha and she said he's come talk to us again. it was slightly busy so we didn't think she'd really come by just to say what's up.. but she kept on coming back. :) and our server was soo helpful to fulfill my girlfriend's craving. lol we got the buffalo wings, which were alright after we thought about it, but super amazing at the time..that's what cravings do. we also had the potato skins, which were pretty much just a whole potato cut into 8 wedges, none the less, twas delicious. BUT what really hit us good was the BBQ Duck soup. UH MAZE ZING! the broth was distractingly good, the duck was juicy, the noodles were perfect. she even brought us some soy sauce and sriracha on the side. and it's like she knew that sriracha is my kryptonite. it was soooooo good we felt nervous to ask for a little more broth, but she happily came by and gave us more. no charge. we definitely tipped her good. and to top it off the girl who sat us came back to us again to let us know she was going on her break and we'd probabl never see her again. haha this place is just utterly amazing. hit my spot goooood.
5	Really good food and service.  Huge selection - food for everyone.  Definitely check it out.  Theres a 1/2 off entree coupon from tix4tonight.
1	Do not come here.. Horrible service.. bland food.. waste of time.. Go to Earl Sandwiches instead.  Came here Fri after a night out.. Sat early AM.. and ordered the congee and the duck soup... YUCK.. Worst $23 spent ever and horrible service! Why did it take 30 minutes to get our food? 2 items? No cooking needed, just scooping the soup up... the congee was so bland.. drinking water was better that that.. and the duck soup..The noodles weren't even cooked all the way!  It was still all stuck together.. Waste of time and money.. and it was so hard to track down our server, let alone trying to pay our bill... Wish we just walked out..
3	Ok for after clubbing food. Our waitress was happy and friendly.
5	Came here a couple days ago and the service and food were great...  everyone at my table ordered the chicken and waffles=)chicken was tender, moist, and seasoned to perfection..waffle was fluffy as a cloud and they also have this little butter sauce you should try.
2	Good service, awful food.I had dinner here. Got French Onion soup. Wasn't that good. Got a pasta with grilled chicken... ended up just eating the noodles.
2	I am never coming here again. For the price we paid, we could have had a much better meal and gambling money leftover.Bland and tasteless.You can come the first time to collect miniature jars of ketchup and tabasco sauces if you'd like.
5	Came here the next morning after a long night of drinking.  The pancakes were delicious!!!  Apparently, our waitress, Hristina, made them just for me ;)  Now this is your typical casino cafe, but the service is what made the difference.  Our waitress was funny, playful, and made sure we had everything we needed.  If your in Planet Hollywood or the towers, I would suggest hitting the cafe its in the main building on the casino floor.  Also, its not that expensive, very moderately priced with good portions.
3	The food was decent here, but way overpriced and a little on the salty and oily side. However, what it lacks in some areas it makes up for the pure convenience of waking up in the morning and walking down for breakfast and a fairly decent cup of coffee!Spent breakfast with some great friends here as well, they made up for the moderate yet adequate food.
3	The waitress was so friendly!I had steak and they cooked it perfectly medium rare. Love that! The meat cut was a tiny bit grisly, but overall I really enjoyed it. The macaroni and cheese...mmmmm. Enough said. They gave me a whole large damn bowl full. Damn near ate the whole thing. Trying to give me a heart attack. haha The salad was also served with fresh greens, not wilty, brown lettuce. Overall, not bad. A tad on the pricier side for what I thought was just a cafe though. This is Vegas. Aren't we supposed to be eating practically for free?!
4	The filet mignon was amazing....so moist, juicy, and tender and perfectly cooked to medium rare. It came with a side, and we ordered the garlic mashed potatoes, which, unfortunately lacked a garlic flavor. Server was friendly and sweet, which is hard to come by in Vegas. Also ordered the lobster fettuccine, which was delicious, but I was disappointed by the lack of lobster in my dish. Atmosphere wasn't bad. It was a nice little getaway from all the smoke and noise in the casino. There were so many options on their menu that I'll definitely have to come back again when I'm in Vegas. I didn't get a chance to try any of their specialty liquored coffee drinks or desserts...but I will have to next time!
5	My friend and I saw the advertisment on our way to check into Planet Hollywood and we knew we wanted to try it before our trip was over. Long story short I had the best grilled cheese in my life. So very delicious! So good that it is going to ruin all of the other grilled cheeses I ever have bc nothing will ever top it. Go try it, you won't regret it!
4	Modern Diner FoodGood way to start the morning especially if you get in early enough for their breakfast options.  I've eaten here a few times during my stays at Planet Hollywood and they have your typical diner choices but do them with a classy modern twists.  They add a little something to the dishes to spice them up a bit.Eggs and salmon - forgot the actual name on this but it was part of the breakfast menu and my favorite here.Rueben - Tasty but a bit dry.  Im more of a jewish deli rueben guy so this just didnt cut it.Mushroom Swiss burger - Juicy patty and hit the spot but that might be due to all the alcohol from beforehand.Momosas - Fruity flavor.  strawberry better than mango.  Dont forget to stick your pinky outNot a place I would venture out to find but if your in the PH than its prob the nicest breakfast choice.  Better than your average diner albeit costlier, but at least your getting what you pay for.
1	Service was poor!!!!! If they have their doors open for business I expect good and fast service no matter what time of the day we show up. We were there around midnight and in search of a good steak but everything was closed. Decided to give this place a shot. It took the waiter about 20-30 minutes to take our order. Ordered the surf and turf plate which was priced $30 which seemed overpriced but decided to try it. We ordered medium rare but it came out our rare and  informed our waiter about the issue. He took the plate back but brought out the same exact piece of steak which was now burned!!! WTH.... so we told him to take the dish back!!! We also had the lettuce wraps - which seemed to be fresh out of a microwave and not fresh!!! I was extremely disappointed with the food and the customer service and I am never eating here again!!!
3	For 24/7 casino cafes on the Strip, this is decent one. Lots of options - from hangover omelets, to "I can barely look at food right now" salads, to greasy drunk right now appetizers. The service isn't exactly stellar, but it is definitely on par with other similar establishments. And I do have to say that I very much enjoyed their buffalo wings, which came with a very nice blue cheese sauce. So kuddos for that.
4	One of the best breakfast places on the strip. Always open and always tasty
3	This is like any other regular restaurant that has an eccentric menu of everything. They offer breakfast, asian food, soups, nachos, and everything that your heart desires. My friends had ordered a medley chicken nachos, chicken and waffles, wonton noodle soup amongst other things. I think that the location is great since there are no other moderately cheap dine-in places in Planet Hollywood. To be honest, I was really getting sick of eating Panda Express and Earl's Sandwiches. The waitress was very friendly for putting up with such a large party (15+) and especially since some of us has brought fast food in to eat with our friends. The best part was that they gave us these tiny little ketchup bottles and jam jars for each individual. Sure, it was hard to take out such little ketchup in one of those mini glass jars, but I really appreciate the little cute things.The worst part however was that they did not have a restroom. In order to wash your hands and such, you have to walk out of the restaurant and go into one of the public restrooms. I feel as though many people can easily just dine and ditch when you have to walk so far to get to a restroom. Nonetheless, I would probably come here for a late night snack after the clubs.
4	Excellent service. Went there around 9 am on a Wednesday morning and it wasn't busy. Had the corned beef. I'm not talking about that junk that comes out of a can, I'm talking about fresh corned beef cut up in big chunks and prepared with cut up fresh potatoes. It was enough to feed a small army. I was surprised at the quality of the food because most coffee shops aren't known for putting out good food.
3	I'm not a big fan of restaurants that have an extensive menu unless it's a Chinese restaurant with all the fixings, but considering Planet Dailies is a casino cafe it wasn't that bad.  I've been here before but failed to remember the incredibly thick menu they have.  My guess is I only came here to sober up before calling the night.  I don't remember too much of the past but the sober me that went recently found this place to be A-OK.  I guess I must have been on hot streaks when I went to Planet Dailies in the past because a sober me would never want to spend $20 on a salad, despite it being good, at a casino cafe.One thing that really got on my nerve though was when our waiter described to us their Egg Drop Soup ($10.95).  He described it as the size of a Pho Noodle Bowl, so we decided to have it thinking it was a lot of soup for a party of 4.  When it arrived...the bowl was huge but "where was the soup we thought?"  The soup filled only a quarter of the bowl...wow!...we got hosed.Here's what we orderd:Egg Drop Soup $10.95Crab Salad $20.50Carbonara $14.50Reuben $13.99The Crab Salad was a superstar although a bit pricey.  The Egg Drop Soup was a rip.  The Carbonara was alright.  And, the Reuben was good enough to clean the plate.  As for the customer service, the waitstaff here starts off really well, but fades away in the end (e.g. never checking up), otherwise it's not bad at all.The food is OK, but I'd definitely check up Tix-4-Tonight for 1/2 price at Planet Dailies because the restaurant is pricier than other cafes.  But hell, if you're winning...money is never a problem.
3	It was before noon (before 11am, actually) so the gf and I were looking for some breakfast.  Wanting to keep it simple and convenient, we opted for Planet Dailies since it was where we were staying.  Planet Dailies checked all of the boxes for a casual 24-hour diner, a decent tasting hot cup of coffee; friendly service; and a wide selection food choices beyond breakfast items.  I had the Breakfast Burrito and it wasn't bad, although I'm not sure why the side of salsa that was served with it was served warm.  I mean it isn't pasta sauce!  Oh well, it all tasted fine.  Planet Dailies is what it is...simple, good, and convenient.  Still, my first choice for a 24-hour diner on the Strip is the Henry at the Cosmopolitan.
3	It is so loud in this place. A good option for breakfast. This place had every typical fare on the menu,The b-fast burritio was really good. (HUGE) so make sure you share. The oatmeal was also on par with similar kinds of oatmeal at other places.This place is SUPER fast. You order and 3 minutes later it is at your table for you to enjoy!I agree is Julie P, it is like Denny's meets vegas.
3	stopped here with our group on the way out of town since we were staying at PH.  the waitress was pretty nice and helpful, but the overall service was pretty slow.  usually slow service isnt a huge deal to me, but it wasn't busy, and we all kinda wanted to just leave so having to sit around for 30 minutes waiting for food was a little much for how slow it was.  the food was pretty good, but i still think i would prefer somewhere like studio cafe in MGM or grand lux in the venetian.  i ordered a pesto chicken sandwich, the pesto was alright but really oily, the chicken had a nice grilled outer layer, but the piece overall was pretty dry.  the fries there were really good though, probably the best thing that i had.  everyone else got something different but most of them only ate about half of it.it was good, and it was right there and convenient, but i think i would rather go and try somewhere else next time
3	This restaurant is located in Planet Hollywood - perfect location for a quick bite to eat.  I think it's open 24 hours, since we ate here around 2 or 3 in the morning.Service = SLOOOOW!  The two times we ate here both took forever.  Both for brunch and for late night eating.  And our brunch orders were super easy.Food Quality = Okay.  I had a BLT for one visit, and hot and sour soup another visit.  The BLT was AMAZING!  One of the best BLT's I have ever had.  The bacon was perfectly crunchy and salty.  The hot and sour soup was not that great.  The presentation of the soup was pretty good though.Price = Alright.  Everything in the 10-15 range I think?Menu = GREAT selection.  But the broad selection probably results in their lack of quality of their food.Overall, I'd recommend this place for groups and for a wide variety of menu selections.  It was convenient for us since we were staying at Planet Hollywood.  If you weren't staying here, I wouldn't go out of my way to get here.
4	The food is very good and diverse. Tix4Tonight offers 50% coupons, which is 3$ per person which makes this place very reasonable. Without that, it can be slightly on the more expensive end. Oddly enough, they have many amazing Asian dishes and a lot of seafood dishes. They also serve steaks and hamburgers. It's an odd assortment of cuisine, but it's all good!
3	So far been here for 45 minutes and haven't gotten our food. Even the group of three next to us gor ttheir meals faster than we did. The waitresses wear dresses that look two sizes two small and are unflattering.
3	Everytime I visit Las Vegas I always stopped by Planet Dailies and ordered either the Lobster fettuccini, or the amazing Mac n Cheese. I'm sad to say during this visit I was slightly surprised and disappointed. One main reason was because of the change in portion size, I used to pay $20.99 for a delicious filling dinner size of lobster fettuccini now I barely just had enough to satisfy my stomach. I think the portion is appropriate for lunch time but for dinner they should make it a bit more.
2	Okay food. Bad service.We had a voucher/coupon from tix4tonight that included gratuity so our waiter avoided us other than getting the order. The only semi-redeeming quality is the food. We ordered steak and salmon and both were very good. I wouldn't go back even with another discount.
1	The food was over priced and it was not of good quality.Our waitress was very inattentive. She forgot our salads. We got no refills on our drinks. When we ordered a drink, she brought out the wrong kind. The gratuity that was included in our bill was for 18% which was way more than she deserved. One of the platters that was ordered was nothing like the picture in the menu and when asked about the contents of the food, our waitress said that there was an extra charge for it. Overall the meals were unsatisfactory, our waitress was of poor quality, and it was all over priced. We will never eat there again.
3	Food was pretty tasty and service was on par. Free Wifi to boot. Nothing special but if you are looking to get the job done while getting your job done, it works.
3	What can I say, I was hung over and hungry...so we stopped in Planet Dailies. Good waitress, but who isnt chipper in Vegas. lolThe food was actually good from what I remember. I had a medium rare sirloin and a baked potato...seasoned well and cooked just right. Great place to eat quick.
4	I have been to this little place twice now and I have equally enjoyed myself each time. It could be because both times I was a little bit drunk and it was 4AM and "Oh my god, this is the best meal I have ever had!" Ok, so it probably wasn't the best I have EVER had, but at the time it was perfect. I always get the over-easy eggs with french fries... Uh.. remember that last part when I said I was drunk? Don't judge! Drunk or not, it is delicious and totally hits the spot! Also, I have never had bad service here. My water glass was constantly being refilled (Wonder why?!) and the servers are very good at pretending they don't hear the ridiculous conversations you are having. The only bad thing about this restaurant is the price. It is to be expected in Vegas I suppose, but for the type of food they sell- general American fare- it is definitely over-priced. Therefore, I give this place 4 stars. And when I am drunk in Vegas again, I will definitely be back to this little gem!
5	Great food. I ordered the filet mignon with a side of their macaroni and cheese. Both were excellent. GF ordered the Pad Thai. Very flavorful. Our ahi tuna appetizer was also excellent. Service was attentive and quick. Their expensive menu made it hard to choose. For a midrange price point restaurant, this is the place to go in Planet Hollywood.
3	Had breakfast there two days during a three day stay.  Had the Las Vegas Scramble and coffee.  Food was good but the coffee was honestly the best coffee I've had anywhere.  A bit pricey and I'm sure there are better places to eat that cost less.
3	This place is an expensive version of Dennys. The service was extremely slow, although our server was nice.I ordered two appetizers because I wasn't really interested in anything else on the menu at that time.... I chose the Nachos & Kobe Sliders.The Nachos SUCKED. I order Nachos almost everywhere I go lol and these were some of the worst. The Lemonade I ordered also sucked. It was watery. And once again, I order Lemonade everywhere I go. hahaThe Kobe Sliders were delicious. I would eat here again just for those. Overall, this place is OK. At least it's open 24 hours.
3	This place is ok. The wife and I came here last Saturday because we needed to eat before our show later that night, but were still full from brunch. They have a wide variety of choices, but it is quite pricey for being a "cafe". I get the cool look, it's Vegas, etc, but it was still overpriced in my opinion(and several others on here it appears). The portions were decent for us only wanting a small to mid sized bite, but had I come here with an appetite I may not have been so thrilled. I had the $22 spaghetti and meatballs. The sauce was ok and the meatballs were pretty good. My wife had the wonton noodles, and didn't really care for them. The noodles were ok, but she did not like the wontons at all. It was a decent portion I guess, maybe. Our server was good, which makes this place maybe 3.5 stars. Overall this place didn't suck, but I likely won't return because I can get better for the money I would spend here, even late at night.
2	Shrimp and crab salad: the shrimp was rubbery and not cleaned.  Mini mac & cheese: passable with a liberal dose of salt and pepper.   Dirty glasses and, with a nearly empty restaurant, it took too long to get it. The hawaiian ribeye that my husband ordered was fantastic, though, hence the two stars.
3	The diner/Denny's atmosphere is decent.  The food could use a pick-me-up because it was alright.  Had the chili, which packed quite a bit of heat, and couldn't pass up on the Chicken and Waffles!  I must admit I have not had it before, but having syrup and butter accompany a whole side of belgium waffles under a slab of Southern Fried Chicken, sounds overwhelming.  It goes pretty well together.  I'll judge against once I have something to compare it to like Roscoe's in L.A. or Southern food elsewhere.  Since it is open 24 hours, it is the go-to place for when you run out of dining options after midnight.
4	Great place inside PH for breakfast!  The service is fast & the food tasty? Great omelettes bursting with fillings & cheese?  A bit pricy but then again you are in Vegas & your inside a very nice casino.  This place beats the buffet hands down & it's cheaper!Also order appys to go & brought them to Heart Bar. They were delicious!  You won't be disappointed as far as breakfast & appetizers.  Can't speak for the rest.
5	WOOHOO this place is off the hook good for breakfast at Planet Hollywood. My hubby left our hotel @ the Bellagio to have breakfast at this place every morning it was so so so GOOD people the Chicken and Waffles to DIE FOR, the French Toast holly crap so DELICIOUS. I will for sure return to this place every time we are in Vegas. Best kept secret in Vegas for breakfast. I think this place is way better, and should not be compare to Ihop or Denny's. Our server were ok, but Cheryl was awesome she is very informative with all the food, and gave us her honest opinion on all the food. Great food people must eat for breakfast.
3	Had breakfast here, my friend was a little hung over from the night before so we didn't order a whole lot.  I ordered their steak and eggs with hollondaise, which was a pretty nice twist.  They have a very nice, trendy menu for a casino cafe, and their coffee is really good.  Good place to start the day if you're staying in PH and don't like the buffets.  Also, they give you free USA Todays so extra bonus!  Next time I want to try the lobster omelette, which seems to be offered at quite a few different places I noticed.
4	I feel like I live in Planet Hollywood. I'm always there. But, it never gets old. I always walk by the cafe, but have never gone in. I finally got to go to lunch with my mom and we were extremely satisfied. Breakfast is my favorite meal, so I ordered the croissant french toast and it was seriously the best thing in the WORLD! My mom had the nachos and she said they were great. People complain about the prices here especially because it's just a cafe, but I feel like the food is worth the $$$. I would go back again for sure. And it's nice that it's convenient location allows me to get some shopping done. Love love loved it!
1	Stopped by after a long night out as it's open 24 hours and we were staying in PH. It's a large restaurant with plenty of comfortable seating, but that's pretty much all it has going for it. Did not enjoy my experience there. Food was way overpriced, service was slow (waited 30 minutes for our food, and this was at 3am), waiter forgot to bring toast with my buddy's breakfast, and the waiter was being a smart ass - all I asked was if I could substitute fries for something else with my chicken burger, and the response was "be creative". Save your money and frustration and head over to the Earl of Sandwich in the hotel if you're looking for a place to eat in the hotel that's open 24 hours.
4	We came here because we got a 50% discount when we bought tickets at the half off tix booth. It was awesome. I thought the price was pretty decent because of the discount. The service was pretty good. The environment was comfortable and nice. The restaurant is just right beside a casino.
4	I have been eating here twice a day for almost a week now... The Kobe beef sliders are amazing a is most of the food. The prices are a bit high, even more so considering most items do not include a side. Good luck getting out of here for less than $20 per person. Overall I recommend it. The food is all great, they are open all sorts of crazy hours, and have a pretty varied menu. Easy access and fast seating / service makes it nice!
1	WAY too expensive for what you get! Got the steak and eggs for $20 literally finished it in 5 bites! The steak was TINY, OVERCOOKED, & FLAVORLESS. Gotta say I was a fan of the lychee mimosa but it was way more juice than champagne. I would save the money n go somewhere else like Earl of Sandwiches!
1	I've been here twice, if it wasn't  for the coupon we had we wouldn't of gone.  The food was cold and does not taste fresh.  I had the ribs and some spots of the rack where cold (you can tell they where microwaved).  My BF had the club sandwich, it was very average.Service was average. Considering all the awesome places to eat in Vegas, DO NOT COME HERE!
2	I'm gonna make this one quick.  BIG food but just barely average in taste/quality. The music playing in the background was absolutely terrible but at least they had some funny and entertaining videos playing on the TVs.  Lastly... coffee... bad.
4	Had the breakfast here and was pretty shocked by the prices.  I ordered something unusual, the lobster and aspargeus eggs benedict.  It was pretty awesome though I'd admit it was kind of cold.  It was huge as well, two eggs benedict w/pototoes.  I'd rather spend 20 dollars on quality then at the buffett.
2	I've eaten here once, for lunch, and it was decidedly meh.  We were seated promptly, but it took far too long for the food to come out.  I ordered a club sammich, which should be pretty much idiot proof to make.  There wasn't anything in particular wrong with it.  It just wasn't very good.  It was almost too huge to eat, and I could only get through half of it.  The accompanying fries were so so.The rub is the sammich was nearly $15.00.  OK, it's Vegas, and lots of things are overpriced, but Planet Hollywood is no Cosmo, Bellagio, Wynn, Encore, etc.
3	I like coming here during the weee hours after a fabulous night out. They have a large menu selection. Something for everyone with different price ranges. My favorite is the lobster pasta. Sometimes service can be a little slow but it's alright. If you're getting wonton soup and need a little kick they do have srirachi sauce, you just have to ask. (:
2	This spot is real convenient if ur staying in the hotel.  Been here about 5 times but never left saying "damn that was good" but still left not feeling hungry.   Service is extremely slow.  And most of the time its not even crowded.Mushroom Cheeseburger - Plain and not juicy, but does the hangover job.Chicken Ceaser Salad - Dressing had a cheap ceaser quality to it, but the chicken                                              was pretty tastyCheesesteak Sammich - Good meat and filling but SUPER dry and very hard                                               bread (on 2 occasions).  We normally just eat the filling.Las Vegas Scramble - Pretty bland but i guess edible if you tack on the saltFrench Fries - DELICIOUSPasta Carbonara - Pretty good, would be great if they used pancetta in replace of                                    bacon.
4	Solid breakfast/brunch food! I love coming here at least once every single time I'm in Vegas. First of all, it's at PH so it's literally in the middle of the strip. Second of all, the restaurant is huge, so you'll always get seating. Third of all, the food is great! :)So I see lots of low ratings... but it's because they have yet to try the hidden gems! I absolutely LOVE the Croissant French Toast here! It's so soft, custardy, and heavenly!!! I think I prefer croissant french toast over regular french toast any day! Best part is that the dish doesn't contain cinnamon! WINNNNER!!! :) But yes, you HAVE TO order this dish, because it's just lovely :) You can order it any time of the day because its part of their all day breakfast menu, because it's THAT good. Also, it fills you up really easily, so you might want to share :) The other dish I liked (not crazily good, but pretty good) is the loco moco! Rice, topped with seasoned hamburger patties, over easy egg, and onions(?).. I forget if there were onions.. maybe not, but it was pretty darn good as well!! My friends tried their pasta dishes and said it was decent, so give this place a try! I mean, of course it won't compare to the 5-star $$$$ places you find in Vegas, but the food here is pretty good for the price!
3	The place was just OK. The food was tasty, but over all the selection was pretty average and overpriced.
2	Its a Dennys inside a casino and the chef doesn't know how to cook. They under cooked my steak and over cooked my bf's fish. When we wanted to send it back the waiter was no where to be found. We finally had to ask a different server who got the manager for us. The manager was very polite and took the order off the bill but we weren't able to have it recooked because we were supposed to see a show right after that. So this place gets an extra star because the manager was very accommodating, but the service and food sucked real bad. If what you're looking for is a cheap (in price and quality) Denny's style restaurant in the casino, then this is your place.
2	After craving the cinnamon bun french toast for a year, I insisted that our whole group go here for my sister in law's birthday breakfast. The good news is that the food was great and everyone loved it. The bad news is it was the worst waiter i have ever dealt with. He was slow as crap, the food took over 35 minutes to come out. We took our time eating and then began to wait. 20 Minutes went by from the time I was done eating and checked my phone until the waiter came back to ask if we wanted anything else. Who takes 30-35 minutes to eat breakfast and WTF else would I want? Its breakfast! I want the dam check so we can leave and do something else besides sit there all day. Breakfast should be 45min max in and out, not almost 90.
4	I got a chance to enjoy my second visit in 2 years to Planet Dailies. This venue touts the largest menu in Vegas and provides a fun, casual environment to dine in. I had the chicken avocado sandwich which was yummy. Our waiter was really nice and chatty. He made sure we had everything we needed and answered questions about the voluminous options. It's kind of like the Cheescake Factory where you can basically get anything you want. This is an economical and convenient option for eating on a budget. One quick note, we bought vouchers for $3 for 50% off the total bill at the same day ticket kiosk. Enjoy!
3	Came by during a late night gambling sessions.  Pros:-0 wait because it was almost empty at around 2AM.-Convenient location.Cons:-Food is very mediocre.-Price is a tad bit high but that's somewhat expected.-Was pretty hard to get the attention of our waiter though the restaurant was almost empty.
2	I would only suggest this to anyone who is extremely hungry and cannot walk down the mall to find another restaurant.  Their "kobe" bugger with double fried eggs were fair, but for twenty bucks +tax/tip, I would rather bet it all on black on a roulette table.Service was slow, waiter didn't check back very often, definitely could see his lack of enthusiasm to be there.
2	I have dined in better restaurants- such as McDonald's, Burger King, and Panda Express. The $9.99  "all you can eat pasta with salad" special lured me here. I love spaghetti, so how could I pass up an all you can eat pasta special in a Strip resort cafe? My experience here puts an answer to that question. The service and food was not up to the expectations I have for a restaurant that usually charges over $15 for a burger.   The "all you can eat pasta with salad" special, as another yelper wrote, is a joke. I am seriously under the impression that it is a scam. What makes me say that? When the waiter served me the spaghetti, it was only pasta (I had to ask for sauce). Aha! Then I turn to Yelp, and another reviewer wrote that if they put sauce on the pasta it is $4.95 each refill. These were red flags and a negative first impression of Planet Hollywood's coffee shop. When I pressed the waiter about this, he stated that it is free with sauce. At any rate, the pasta was unworthy of a high calorie refill. To put it nicely Sbarro was better-at least they have meatballs.The restaurant is understaffed, causing  an overworked waiter to serve many tables. The consequence is slow service. If I relished the pasta, I would pass over waiting the equivalent of a couple baseball innings for a refill. If you eat here I recommend that your batteries are fully charged on your smart phone. You could be sitting here a long time. By the way the overworked waiter was friendly-one redeeming fact in keeping the rating at 2.  Another minor complaint I have are the booths. The booths are too plush and this causes the table to be in a higher proportion than your shoulder-at least if you are my size.  I would pass over Planet Dailies. So overpriced and slow service. If you are in Planet Hollywood, I recommend the restaurants in Miracle Mile, or even McDonald's.
1	Wow! Never had this bad of a service before and this is in Las Vegas! Service was really, really slow... We came here for dinner around 8pm and it wasn't even busy so I don't understand the extremely slow service. The worst part is, the servers didn't even apologize for the bad service and they completely ignored us while we were waiting for our food. Waited an hour and more for our food, and when they came, there wasn't even anything special about them. The worst part?! They charged us for 18% gratuity automatically just because we were a party of 6.
5	Loved the croissant french toast! I do not often order sweet breakfasts...but trust me...this is worth it!
1	My husband and I stayed at Planet Hollywood hotel so we decided to have breakfast in our hotel. Oh man!! What a wrong decision. I ordered the chicken and waffle thinking it was somehow be similar to Rosco's chicken and waffle and oh boy was I completely wrong. The chicken was a chicken breast!!! Tasted like a big chicken strip :/ no bueno. The waffle was over cooked (simi burnt) and it tasted dry and blan. I would not recommend this place to anyone. Go to another hotel and have some good food over there.
3	I used to love this place, I don't know whats happened, the food used to seem  like it was made from scratch  now it seems frozen or the cheapest Cisco has to offer, oh well there are plenty of good places in Vegas.
3	It's a step above Denny's, for sure. Bonus points for being open 24 hours a day, 7 days a week because clearly, you'll need food after that long night of debauchery.I had the the Buffalo chicken sammich fashioned after an order of what else but buffalo wings, duh. Pulling an all-nighter and being in desperate need of refueling, of COURSE that's the item that stood out to me. I wasn't really expecting much as the place even resembles a Denny's, but all in all, I was surprisingly pleased. No small piece of rubbery chicken doused in some ranch-like goo made it's way to the table. Instead, I received a hefty patty of crisp, hot sauced chix, sprinkled with a good amount of blue cheese crumbles. Not fine dining by any means, but it certainly hit the spot. It was a decent size too. I only finished half and took the rest back to the hotel before heading straight back out for more trouble-brewing.... but that's another conversation entirely.A few cons:- $15 is on the pricey side for a meal that probably shouldn't cost more than 10 bucks elsewhere. It *IS* Vegas, though. I suppose that's to be expected.- SERVICE. Damn. The guy was nice when he was around, but we barely saw him outside of taking our orders and when he brought the check. I understand we're eating at 4am, but this place is supposed to be fully operational 24 hours a day. Why oh WHY did it take 30+ minutes to get our food? And if we didn't ask another server to check on our orders, I wonder how much longer we would have waited.Anyway, I'd eat here again if it was a convenience issue (which it was), but probably not by choice because of the whole when-in-Vegas-eat-GREAT-not-good thing... Actually, on second thought, I take that back. I'll probably be back out of necessity. Thems dining options are slim to none at the crack of dawn. Mmmmk, I'll stop rambling now.
1	My sister and I just ate there a few hours ago. Only because we were so hungry after watching a concert. We waited patiently for our food since they were so busy. My sister ordered grilled chicken sandwich $14.00 with fries and I had ordered duck soup for $11.00... I thought the price for the sandwich was a bit too expensive, especially from a cafe style restaurant.When we got our food, my sister complained about the size of the chicken. The waiter said it was a 5 ounce...humm... more like a 3 ounce to me! It was so small it didn't even cover the bottom of the bread. (see photo attached to my review)It looked ridiculous. I couldn't stop laughing!!!! I have never seen anything like it. And to think they would have the audacity to serve that type of low-quality food to a guest and ask for $14.00 in return? For a chicken sandwich? Wow! I would be so embarrass if I was in charge of that restaurant . My sister spoke to the manager. He apologized and told her that he would give us 20% off the entire bill. What about 60% more chicken in that sandwich? Lol! We agreed to the 20%. The last thing you ever want to do is to send the food back to the back kitchen.  Needless to say, we will not be eating there ever again. Even if we were starving. At least our waiter was nice, attentive, and very apologetic. I still left him a 25% tip. It's not his fault that the restaurant he works for is CHEAP when it comes to quantity and quality of food. :(
1	Yuck, save yourself the food sickness and overpriced menu.Go to Bills for a cheap breakfast across the street from 12am- 6am.
2	Ehh, this place was alright. Considering all of the food that is in Vegas, this place is sub par. But I do like the fact that they have so much to offer and so late at night.Service was a little slow in my opinion, atmosphere was loud and crazy (as it should be in Vegas).What really bothered me was the prices. I know everything in Vegas is more expensive but geeze, it's like $18+ for everything including small sides... for food that was only mediocre.
4	I came here on New Years Eve! It was the only restaurant that didn't have a wait. We thought that might be a bad sign....but we were totally wrong. We both chose Italian dishes...although they had a big selection...breakfast, burgers, Italian, even Chinese. The two pasta dishes were AWESOME and Alisha...our server...was very attentive and sweet. Great server, great food! If you have a chance...check this place out...and maybe even request her station!! Haha.
5	When we stayed at Planet Hollywood, we were told to check this place out.  This is their version of Denny's - only nicer.  Breakfast was excellent, sandwiches were tasty, and what variety!  With all the choices in Vegas at our fingertips, we couldn't help but come here three times during our weeklong stay for the convenience, great food, and reasonable prices.
5	Food was excellent.  Family loved it.  We had French Toast, Strawberry Pancakes, bacon and eggs.  The sausage was thick and meaty.  Delicious!
5	Omg sooo stuffed. Had the Black and Bleu New York Strip. It was delicious. Cooked the way I wanted it well done but buy your tixs for The Peep Show and pay $5 more you will get a 50% discount at Planet Dailies. Definitely worth the extra $.
3	Planet Hollywood is my family's favorite hotel to stay in when we visit Las Vegas. Planet Dailies is a good option for diners that are looking for a 24 hour venue with a HUGE menu. They offer a very large variety of food from burgers to sandwiches to noodles to nachos to chicken fried steak- the prices are Vegas style, so just be prepared for that, and the service is just okay. On my last visit to Planet Dailies my boyfriend and I had just finished gambling and were looking for somewhere to have a late night bite. We shared the Club Sandwich and fries - it was huge and good tasting- but let's be real - it's really hard to mess up a sandwich. On other visits I have had the Kobe Beef Sliders - pretty good, the Chicken Pesto Sandwich - just okay, and the Potato Skins Appetizer - pretty basic, but overpriced for sure . So overall - this restaurant is good for the location and 24 hour convenience, but it's definitely not the best food and definitely not the best price.
4	I love Hollywood and movies, so this was the restaurant I wanted to eat at while in Vegas. I was impressed with their brunch. When we got there, I saw The Hollywood Reporter as placemats at the table, with recent Hollywood events and movies that were being released or had recently been released. There were also televisions around the restaurant, which was great during the Olympics. The service was okay. I felt rushed. We got there at the end of brunch and there wasn't a huge crowd, so I didn't get why they were in such a hurry to get us out of there.They had a decent selection of food. I got the waffels, which were good. They are not the cheapest place, but it's on the strip and there is a fun atmosphere. For being right in the casino, it wasn't too loud, which was really nice. It wasn't too quiet but I could hear the person across from me.While I may have enjoyed the ambiance and the idea of the restaurant more than actually eating there, I enjoyed eating here and want to go back next time I'm in Vegas. It's a fun, casual place to get brunch on your way out of the hotel. It's not a restaurant you have to dress up to go to, but it would be fine.
3	It's sad but true, even in Vegas, you eventually will have to have breakfast. It just feels wrong to order 2 eggs, bacon and toast... I can't explain why, just that I have an aversion to doing so. Thankfully, Vegas is filled with people who don't eat breakfast and breakfast-y times, and therefore, breakfast items tend to be a little more brunch inspired, even for a Monday morning early riser like myself.We were staying at Planet Hollywood this trip and though we had set up a million plans for everything, we found ourselves with no plans for breakfast on this particularly chilly morning. Instead of hopping over to The Henry (at the Cosmopolitan), we opted to stay in and stay warm by heading to Planet Dailies.Chicken & Waffles at Planet DailiesPlanet Dailies is the 24hr restaurant at Planet Hollywood and everything on their menu is available 24/7. They offer several different specials, on different days, from a $9.99 all-you-can-eat pasta deal to a Prime-Rib dinner special (also $9.99). In short, this is your typical 24hr diner and if your expectations are kept at that level, I believe you might be in a for a real treat.As I mentioned, we were in for breakfast. The restaurant was not busy, but it was just 7AM on a Monday morning the week after new years and just before CES was to start. I ordered the Cinnamon Roll French Toast (with strawberries) and the BF ordered Chicken and Waffles (he's an addict!) Both are served with a bottomless cup of coffee.I couldn't finish my French toast, a combination of it being too sweet and too much (2 cinnamon rolls!) for one person to handle. Unless I was extremely hungry, I would split this dish next time and maybe order a side or something. The chicken and waffles were good, a little smaller than my plate but definitely enough to keep a hungry man full until lunchtime!I'd go back again.
3	Decent food and service. They offer a pancake special which is similar to IHop's unlimited pancake offer. My three egg scramble, bacon, and fruit were decent and plentiful p; worth the price. 3 stars, there are better options around.
3	Nice enough diner to have within casino... Pretty good menu similar to Cheesecake Factory...
3	If the loco moco here was not so good I would give this place a worst review the service takes a long time to get what you order
3	Was not my first choice for breakfast but $6.99 steak and eggs was not bad. Service was less than stellar, my tea glass sat empty for close to tens minutes before the waitress noticed and then it sat empty for another 5 before she made it back to refill. My steak was a little fatty but still edible. Came with two eggs, potatoes and a side of eggs. My wife had the French toast for the same price and it was good as well. 2 and a half for service, 3 and a half for food
5	the benidicts here are great. the quesadilla is fantastic too. i love eating here after making some money at the tables
1	Host sat us at our table and said our server _____ will be taking your order. We waited for 20 mins. No server in sight. Finally a women came to our table and she said she notice no one assisted us. She took our order. Me: Chicken & waffles (chicken was bland not cooked thoroughly) Hubby: eggs, French fries , bacon, and sausage. Meal came with toast. ( he ordered sour dough and they never brought it out) Horrible customer service! Don't come here unless you have NO OTHER CHOICE.
2	So every time we go to Vegas, we somehow end up at Planet Hollywood. Which brings us to Planet Dailies! Their good is acceptable, even enjoyable sometimes for the price. The Staff .. oh the lovely staff! It is like they do things Just to annoy you and give you a horrible experience! After my 3rd visit here, I have to say I am thinking they are trained to act this way, because honestly it has been every single wait person we have had. My last experience which I decided will be my last was a waiter who as I was paying him the check, leaned over and looked into my wallet and said to me " I see you have a 20$ there, why don't you pay with that?" Because I gave him a 100$ and asked for change! He complained that he would need to go make change and made a whole fuss about it ( it wasn't busy at all, we were his only table ) Then he huffs and puffs, walks away with my 100$ and comes back and shortchanges me about .75$. As the bill was like 27.25, he did not bother getting the change part back. Now I know it is only 75 cents and that is normally not a big deal, as his tip would of been around 5$ anyways, but hey it is the principle. If I am owed 75 cents, you give me my 75 cents! So when he denied taking it and just brushed it off as oh its only 75 cents, I decided that's fine, that's your tip, enjoy it .  Normally I would feel bad for not tipping properly, but he was a bastard the whole time we were there, and that was the icing on the cake. There are SOOO many people out of work in our economy, how hard is it to find friendly people who want to work and make money? I don't understand how people who are LUCKY enough to have a job in this shitty economy can act like that and not care about their jobs.
4	Came here for a late night snack and ohh what a wonderful snack! I ordered a grilled cheese GAAHHHD it was ALMOST too cheesy. It was an ooey gooey delight the bread was thick and soft and it all just melted in your mouth, i wish i had one now. The service was fast and friendly but i was there at 3am so it was fairly empty.
2	Food was good, but twice as expensive as "Cheeseburger Brand" that we ate at in the shops.  Would have rated higher, but the hostess was clearly unimpressed with having to seat us, after we hit her attention from since she was laying her head down & talking to her friend (our soon to be waitress).  Our waitress also seemed to be frustrated that we needed to see a menu & didn't already know what we wanted...we will certainly find other places to eat on the rest of our trip!
5	Best Nachos I ever had!Not soggy, but crisp. Hot off the broiler. Super yummy guac. Very tasy beef. Fresh salsa. Real cheese (not out of a can). I have had them about 10 times. Great every time. Service was good most of the time as well. I'll be back.
4	Came here after a long night of clubbing and it was one of the only things I could find. The club sandwich, though not cheap (normal by vegas standards), was awesome and the service could not be better!
1	I would give it a zero if I knew how! Worst service ever! As a server myself, I've never seen such disregard to a customer. Never once saw our serve once he took our order til we had to ask someone else for the check. Host staff were, for lack of a better word, BITCHES! Acted like they were too good to work! And worst the chicken from the chicken and waffles was undeniable! Never order that ugh!
1	Poor service, forgotten waters (we asked 5 times and I ended up walking to the kitchen entrance to get them), overcooked fish, stale bread, inability to change tv channels (college basketball final 4 really!?), confusion on how to pay the check. Overall a standout restaurant.
4	I ate here for breakfast today and was pleasantly surprised with the food. My experience with other hotel restaurants has always been so positive, but this was definitely different.I was quickly seated and tended to by my server. The service was very friendly and paced fast enough. I ordered the Bananas Foster French Toast and it was very good. The portion size is quite large, with three very thick slices of bread, topped with bananas and drowning in the Foster sauce. I would go back again.
3	We ate here twice during our stay at the Planet Hollywood hotel.  The prices were more reasonable than the buffet or the steak house or Koi.  Both times the food came out INCREDIBLY slowly!!!  The first time we ate there was late night after the 9:30pm Peep Show let out and there was nobody in the place.  This was on a weeknight too.  No excuse for it.  The waitress couldn't have cared less that we were there.  She was not very friendly.  Left me with an empty soft drink glass for a long time.  The second time we went there was around 11:30am.  It was busy.  Still took REALLY long time to get the food up.  This time though our waiter was great.  Bronson was his name.  He engaged us in conversation, made us all smile, and even laughed at my dad's jokes.  My husband is very picky with what he orders and Bronson was very patient with his indecisiveness as well.The food itself was not bad.   I'd say average, but all and all I would have given this place a poor rating had it not been for Bronson.
1	Decent service awful management, I think my intestines died after trying to eat their overly greasy corned beef hash which took forever to even be brought out on a night which wasn't even busy. The skinny blonde manager acted like he didn't even want to deal with the issues I was having and was even a bit condescending. To compensate I got a 20% discount off of my bill, avoid this place and if you don't want to manage then do something that suits you better like McDonald's drive thru there are teenagers there with better tact.
4	Had prime rib for $10 with tax. Love being able to have a good meal (well, relatively) without spending a ridiculous amount of money.
2	I went here for breakfast while staying at Planet Hollywood. I was disappointed. I got an omelet and the best part was my toast. There was too much egg and it was overdone and rubbery. There was some miscommunication with who our waiter was after they switched us to a new table because we ended up having a bigger party than expected. It took 15 min before they realized. After that, the service was actually pretty good. This review is only based on breakfast, maybe it's different for lunch and dinner..,
3	If it weren't for the $9.99 prime rib special, I'd have to give this restaurant less stars...but I'm a sucker for a good prime rib deal. The steak was delicious and served with a baked potato, veggies and green salad. All in all, not a bad deal for $10. They also have a larger steak portion for $15 but the $10 is plenty for a smaller appetite. Be sure to check your steak's temperature...I asked for mine to be cooked medium and it arrived nearly well done.As for the rest of the menu, the dishes are severely overpriced. My friend's spinach salad with chicken was $17 and it was tiny! Definitely not worth the price. Our waiter couldn't have been more disinterested in us or his job in general. He barely said two words to us and I'm not sure if he ever smiled. I'd go back again for their specials but that's it.
3	The service was a bit slow, and the waitress was quite nice. I ordered coffee and salmon benedict. It was honestly the first benedict dish I think I'd ever had; it was sort of a hybrid of eggs benedict and smoked salmon with red onions and capers. It tasted quite good, but it was cold (one half colder than the other, if that follows), which is why I've given 3 stars.
3	Don't waste time searching for a place to eat while at Planet Hollywood.A better choice late night than Cabo Wabo!  Gosh starvation would be better than that horrid place but I digress...We tried the buffet downstairs but couldn't get past waiting in line.  It felt as if we were waiting to eat in a windowless cellar and the people in line with us were being really pushy and aggressive.  I've noticed people ramp it up at buffets and I'm convinced that proximity to food brings out some sort of animalistic aggressive instinct.  No thank you.  So where can one eat late or later at Planet Hollywood?Planet Dailies is great for that.  Basic food, served quickly and without a lot of fanfare. it never seems to be too busy and we get seated quickly and served quickly as well.It's also pretty reasonably priced. Unfortunately Planet Hollywood seemed kind of tired and rundown the last time we visited and the first room they put us on was totally unsat. We likely won't stay there again. I thought the privacy drapes were closed but that was the view of the back of a wall and even though it was supposed to be 'strip view' it was a view of part of the Walgreen's on Las Vegas Blvd.  Once I complained they moved us. But again I digress.If you do stay at Planet Hollywood definitely try Planet Dailies. Too easy.
3	I stopped here for breakfast following with a group of about six on a Saturday morning. It was pretty busy, but our wait was only 5-10 minutes. We were seated and then slowly greated by a server. We took some drink orders, waited for another friend to get his ID, and waited...waited some more...waited again, and finally got our drinks. Then we waited some more and were able to place an order. I believe we were there for close to 30 minutes before being asked to order food with little acknowledgement. The food, however, is pretty good. I wasn't too hungry, so I ordered the belgian waffle and a side of bacon. The bacon was very good and the waffle was tasty. Everyone at our table agreed that they had a really good breakfast. The prices are quite high ($13.99 for waffles, $6+ for sides), however. Following our meals, we tried to get the check, but we had to wait a long time again. We quickly portioned out the bill, threw cash in and tried to flag down our waiter to get change. That took another 10 minutes, and even though we asked him to break out the extra $20 bill, he didn't. My quick summary: The food is good, but the service is really, really slow and the prices are pretty high. There are plently of cheaper options around, but you are paying for a better meal.
3	I wanted to get a quick dinner (and something fresher than room service) so I meandered around PH, trying to find Pink's hot dogs but ended up instead at Planet Dailies. The $9.99 prime rib special drew me in but all day breakfast was available. Curious about the lobster omelet so I placed an order of that and a to-go order of an Oreo cookie shake. Food takes a while to come out. My meal also came with fries (crisp and very tasty) and my choice of toast (wheat,  white, sourdough, etc). The omelet included tomatoes, shallots, asparagus and a decent amount of lobster. The egg itself was so uniformly yellow, it looked unnatural. The omelet wasn't very flavorful (unlike say a lobster roll) but my fave part of the meal was the fries and toast.The shake was okay. Enjoyed part of it that night and the rest the next mornings. It wasn't very thick (yes, I did try some right when it was brought out).Overall, food was mediocre. Service was slow as I had to actively hunt for my server to get a to-go box, the menu to order the shake and to pay. Total reward members get about a dollar off per item.
3	3.5 Stars. Yelp really needs half stars.We got the Kung Pao Chicken, Beef and Broccoli and Turkey Club. All was good. The service was fast and friendly. It is also open 24 hours.
3	I went to this place with a few of my friends for dinner before going out one night. The food was pretty good, but the service was very slow. I would try it again, but don't go if you are in a hurry!
3	Meh. A-ok at best.  My buddies and and I were pretty trashed around 5:30pm the Sunday that just past (EDC weekend, y'all).. and just needed food. The boys decided to just stay local and go grab some prime rib special deal Planet Dailies offers since we were all bumming upstairs in the room anyway. The $14.99 for 16oz of prime rib was a great deal, but lacked in flavor. I mean, it was doable. At least the meat was tender, and I'm a sucker for the fatty parts of beef... and prime rib is fatttty. My pasta primavera with chicken on the other hand was a different story. It was dried basil overload and tasted like I was chomping on just herbs. The chicken was tough to the point that I couldn't even chew it. Service was incredibly slow too. Oh, they also offer the 8oz for $9.99 up to a certain time. And also an all you can eat pasta deal as well. Don't remember price.
4	You all know how the saying goes, "What happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas?!" Well, I'm breaking that rule just to let you know why PLANET DAILIES is a go-to spot in Vegas.It was around 11pm or so when my friends and I landed in Vegas. This was my first time and like every other first time, it was one I'll never forget. Anywho, we met these guys from Miami and they were staying at the Bellagio (which I will review later) and so, one of the guys wanted to take me to eat. I am not gonna lie, I was starving. The environment is great. The hostess were friendly and I don't know if the guy wanted to show off or not but he topped one of them because he wants a booth. I ordered the Blackened Chicken Pasta and it was great!!! The garlic bread sticks were buttery and tasty as well. I forget what he ordered but they burnt his toast. Lol.Our waiter Gordon was very handsome and we could tell that he had a long day, so we didn't give him a hard time.With that said, this is an awesome place for dinner at 5am in the morning!!!Hope this helped!!!
2	Ate here 3 times during my stay at PH. The food was decent but the service is ridiculously slow...Our last time trying this place, we waited almost 1.5 hours for 3 burgers (it was about 3 am). Other tables who sat after us were receiving their orders before we did. We made it well known to the server that we were not happy. The manager did end up coming over and comping our whole meal. Even with good management, I can't recommend a place that serves this slow consistently.
1	DISAGREE DISAGREE DISAGREEI'm sorry but when gnats come out the kitchen on my food I don't care how good something else taste.. I'M DONEHad the steak & eggs for breakfast but my when plates came out.. (I had two orders for me and my son) a gnat was flying on my toast and his steak as well.. They must have been on the food for a second because they were walking all around the steak and the bread???? Not sure what that was about or if they had it sittingwaiting to be brought to us.. Either way..Food was sent back and they gave us two new plates... However you can imagine I lost my appetite!! I got the bill (yes i still was charged) which wasn't comped at all.. Spoke to manager who took $5 bucks off.. Not too mention over half of my food was still on my plate.. I hate to be a big "B" @restaurants but definitely Not cool and rather disgusting.. I mean makes you think about what is going on in the kitchen we don't see.. Anyways I paid and left but I won't go again .. HORRIBLE!I visited July 03,2013
4	So they had this really random deal where you get $9.99 all you can eat pasta from 3p to 6p or something like that. Our server was Cody and I'd definitely describe him as toeing the line between quirky and goofy. The pasta was al dente, evenly cooked, it was OK. The 'garlic sauce' was basically this glazy buttery thing...kinda bland. We recieved our salad first, then our pasta, THEN our breadsticks (I think he may have forgotten to bring them out.) Bolognese was nothing to write home about. Coke was like $3.95 a glass. I don't know if I'd come back here. Received confusing directions to bathroom and I ended up walking all the way into the Miracle Mile Shops to the bathroom next to H&M to relieve myself. help me. ecetera3.5 stars. I agree with the other Yelper that they need half stars.
3	Decent food for a Vegas restaurant.. However when I was there the service was pretty poor.
5	They got super dank food, at good prices. Planet Hollywood is one of my favorite hotels, if you are hungry go here! Wide variety of food choices, they even have some all you can eat deals. The food is delicious, and the hotel itself is great too. Prices are reasonable, staff is friendly and helpful, and the place is nice.
1	Food was fine the waiter was nice but the duration for food drinks or anything is unreal- stay the hell away and it's way to expensive for what you get... A waste of time and money I will tell all my friends and family to skip this over priced Denny's
4	This is a great place to grab breakfast or lunch in a casual atmosphere. They offer a very comfortable dining experience with flat screen tv's throughout. We came for a pre-flight breakfast on a Monday. The prices here are very reasonable. In addition to their regular menu, they offer several daily specials. A few of the specials they offered on this particular Monday morning were: Steak & Eggs for $6.99, all you can eat pancakes for $3.99, and bottomless coffee for $3.99. My party went with the steak & eggs special, biscuits and gravy, and bottomless coffee. Everything was great. The only downside is that the service was slooooow.
3	Every casino has their standard cafe and this is Planet Hollywood's.  The food choices were good, ranging from standard American dishes to Asian foods.  The sandwiches offer the best value being cheap and large.  Nothing fancy here, but one of the better casino cafe.
4	Good food with very nice portions.  The steak and eggs for breakfast was a great deal with surprisingly good flavor and portions!!!
1	I was not impressed with the Daily Planet. It was about 12:30 a.m. and I was in need of a bite to eat before heading back to the hotel. I ended up here and found it to be pretty disappointing. We had three or more servers and I appreciate teamwork, but none of them communicated to each other to get our orders right. It was kind of bothersome, but we just wanted food. Prices on the menu were high and I and decided on a chicken sandwich. The food took a little while and when it arrived nothing about it looked appetizing. We ate as much of the meals as possible, but is was not worth the money, time or calories! Next time I'll find a pizza place!
3	So not knowing where to go for breakfast/lunch, we decided to check out Planet Dailies.  I'm going to say it was a decent spot.  Nothing to write home about but definitely decent.  We ordered the 3 eggs, sausage and potatoes order along with the Huevos Rancheros.  Eggs are eggs, not many ways to mess those up but the potatoes and sausage patties were really good and tasty.  I had the Huevos Rancheros and I have to say, I was very pleased with the flavor.  Both dishes were decent portions.  I wouldn't advise sharing, you might leave hungry.  Service was good, I was happy.  Kept our drinks filled, got our orders right.  Little wait and cheerful.  Works for me!Decent spot, decent price, decent service...definite 3 star spot!
3	This was one of the restaurants inside the Planet Hollywood Hotel in Las Vegas.  It's a nice option since they have such a vast menu.  They also offer a couple of specials including all you can eat pancakes in the mornings and a prime rib special in the evening.  Unfortunately I missed out on both!Anyway, the food itself was ok.  Nothing to write home about.  Although, as I mentioned before, the choices are pretty good.  Open early and late is a big plus being in Vegas.  Costwise, I suppose it could have been a little less expensive being in Vegas for a diner, but not too bad.  Service was just ok as well.  Although our server came out right away when we sat down, after the food came out, it took a while to track him down when we needed something.  Overall, pretty ok though.Keep on Yelp'n!
2	Our server Norma was very friendly and responsive to our request. Ordered the huevos rancheros, the presentation was great the food was just ok. My dish tasted like the Mexican pizza from Taco Bell.  For the price I was definitely expecting more flavor. We asked for hot sauce and were offered Tabasco. Two thumbs down.
3	Went to planet dailies for breakfast three out of the fives days in Vegas because it was right there. The first visit was great. The food is great. I got the sw scramble with biscuits and gravy. The biscuits and gravy are an extra charge fine. The problem was the inconsistency with the up charge of the biscuits and gravy. The first time the waitress charged me a little over a dollar. The second time it was almost 5. The third time was outrageous. It was basically 7 bucks for it. 3.95 for the biscuits and 2.50 for the gravy. Now you just wanna milk me for my money. Our last visit wasn't spectacular. Brandon was our server and all he did was hover around us. One of our guests showed up late and by that time we were asked a couple times if we need more time with the menus. After asking four times we finally gave in and ordered. Like I said good is great. Then it came time to pay. I always pay in cash and I was looking for the right amount in my wallet. All he did was hover until I gave him my check presenter. I needed change and while I was putting the tip in he again hovered until I was done. He lost money for that. Then before we all got up he was clearing the table and taking the check presenters. Just extremely rude. I'm a server I know how to give excellent serving experience.
4	I stayed at Planet Hollywood for a week and ate here every morning.  The first day I had a server named Brandon.  THE BEST SERVER/SERVICE I'VE EVER HAD ANY WHERE! ! The next 2 days I had different servers that were terrible! !  So,  the remaining times I went, I requested for Brandon; and like the first time with him,   service was GREAT! !  This place is a great spot for breakfast!  Depending on what you order.  The French Toast is amazing! ! During the week they have some awesome specials. $6.99 bottomless pancakes and $6.95 steak and eggs. The steak,  I might add,  was really good for being so cheap.  I would recommend checking this place out if you're in the area! ! Definitely ask to have Brandon be you're server!  You'll be more then satisfied/happy!
3	This location is no match for its LA counterpart @ The Grove.My experience here has been hit and miss, both in terms of food and service.  On one visit, my waitress adopted the 'rude' shtick which included warning to our table not to send her back and forth for refills.  On the subsequent visit, tho, the waiter was so attentive he chimed in on our conversation on the illuminati and aliens and shit.  The food has been spotty. The Tex Mex appetizers were on point save the part where they scald the roof of your mouth. If you've lost money on the casino floor, you might as well press your luck here, you just might get timely refills, room temperature appetizers  and some info to help you fill in your current conspiracy theory.
1	I'll keep this short.  Our server, was wonderful and we enjoyed the pot-stickers very much. I got sick however after eating the pad Thai with shrimp and Hubby's burger was just gross and more closely resembled something you would find at an amusement park and it wasn't cheap.  Our bill for pad Thai, one order of pot-stickers, a burger with fries, a side of steamed rice and one soda was north of $50.00.   There are just too many superior options for us to ever consider going back.
2	Like many others, I was drawn in my the $9.99 Prime Rib deal that was advertised. I'm usually skeptical of deals like this, but given the favorable reviews I read here on Yelp, I decided to give it a shot anyway.The deal is good in theory - For $9.99, you get an 8oz prime rib served with a baked potato, veggies and green salad. Cheese on your baked potato costs an extra $0.99.Seems like a good deal, right? Unfortunately, the meat was a little tough and totally flavorless, nothing like any prime rib I've had before. A huge disappointment, I would have been better off going to Twin Peaks down the street. At least there I would have gotten some eye candy to go along with my food. :(
3	This has great variety, varied service, and pretty good food. I would recommend it for breakfast, but the service makes me hesitate to go for any other meal. I ate there for a regular breakfast and it took at least 15 minutes to get our drinks after we ordered them which made us contemplate walking out. Other than that, service was very polite and made sure we liked our food, but they did not ask to refill our drinks. Food was very good quality with average portions.
2	Went to Planet Dailies with my wife on a Wednesday morning. The food was over priced and cooked improperly. They messed up our order and we had to wait 15 minutes after we both finished eating before we got a side of corned beef hash. Our server was fairly attentive and friendly, however he kept telling us our corned beef hash would be out in 2 minutes, even though it took like 15.
3	I'm gonna go ahead and give Planet Dailies 3 stars because the breakfast potatoes and fresh squeezed OJ were good, and the service was actually quick despite all the negative reviews re: service here.However, my entree (southwestern benedict) was just meh. I thought the english muffin was overly spongy, it was super thick and didn't really taste like an english muffin. My husband's lobster benedict left something to be desired as well. The lobster was really chewy and fishy tasting.
4	Decent price for some good burgers and Milkshake. I'll take it.
5	Good food for late night . We made it there after seeing a show at the V theatre. Had a patty melt and wedge salad. Great service! Tyler made sure we had what we needed and made us feel comfortable. The food was fantastic. Priced like a resort on strip restaraunt . Ill be back ..for sure.
2	If you're looking for a good steak or prime rib don't try this place. I asked for a medium rare rib eye and it was not what I expected. The meat was not juicy at all. The side of mushrooms were very bland. I think the potatoes were once flakes.
4	If you are looking for fine cuisine, or if you're an epicurious foodie then this is the wrong place. Don't get all excited, be forewarned that food here is only average, so this is not why people come here. There are other very good reasons. If you are at the Planet Hollywood casino and want to maximize your playing time, then you should come here, it is right off the casino floor. It will reduce your walking distance and time spent away from the tables and slots immensely. If you partied all night and lost your stomach contents to the toilet or some other location, and need to refuel then you should come here. They are open very late, or very early, however you want to think of it.If you have a random craving for a good old American breakfast, pad thai noodles, eggs Benedict, or congee, they have it and more. Resolves the dilemma where everyone seems to want to eat something different, or if you aren't in the mood for the fancy shmancy or huge shmorgishborg that the Las Vegas Strip usually entails.This establishment serves these great purposes for which most others do not. And for that it is a winner.
2	A way over priced cafe that serves the late night Planet Hollywood crowd. We came in since we were gambling and wanted the closest eatery to the gambling floor.  And this is it.We weren't impressed with the food nor with the service.  The waiter seemed to be bothered that we were there, and he was not good with coming and refilling our drinks.  The food also took a while to come, which was surprising as it was 4:30AM when we ate.  The food itself was OK, fairly standard cafe (burgers, sandwiches, salads, fries) food that had nothing interesting to Yelp about.  Needless to say, we did not, nor will we come back.  There are so many other locations that you can go to that are just a few minutes away.
2	Bad idea to come here with a large group of people!Our group of 8 arrived at 10:30am on a Friday and we were all excited to order off the Asian portion of the menu because a friend recommended it.  So our waitress comes and she says we can only order breakfast.  Lunch and the Asian dishes can only be ordered after 11am.  11am?!  Even McDonalds starts serving lunch earlier than that!!  And we couldn't even order a side of fries! She couldn't even take our order now and give it to the cooks at 11. So we take more time to look at breakfast only.I ordered the chicken and waffle ($16) along with 4 other people at our table.  Food took forrrevver to get to our table.  By the time the food came, it was already time to start serving lunch.  But there was one person at our table who didn't get their meal.  We asked the server and he checked the ticket and says it wasn't on there. WTF, our waitress totally didn't even add it!  And we couldn't even confront her about it because she never came back to our table to see if everything was OK, we had to flag down our server to let them know the order was missing.  Food quality was subpar.  The syrup they provided was not regular maple syrup.  It actually tasted pretty nasty with my waffle so I ate my waffle without syrup. The chicken was dry with not much flavor, so we all asked for ketchup (hella filipino) to dip our chicken in.  But when we asked, they only gave us a tiny serving of ketchup.  When we asked for more ketchup, specifically a bottle of ketchup, they just brought out more mini cups of ketchup.  It would have been nice to see some kind of discount given or comped something since the service was slooowww and our waitress forgot one of our orders.  This joint is open 24/7 but be warned you can ONLY order breakfast from 6-11am.  Otherwise the menu options look good, just too bad we couldn't have any of it!
1	Yuck, got sick eating here a couple of hours ago.Save yourself and try something else.I  am literally on the toilet as i type on my phone
3	My friends and I ended up here because we saw a sign that said unlimited pasta for 9.99.  When we got there around 5:45 it was fairly empty so we sat immediately... my friends saw the steak special for the same price (a bit more for the 32 oz steak) so they decided to get that instead of the pasta.  I got the unlimited pasta.  My pasta was decent.  I enjoyed it.  You really only get three types of pasta and three types of sauces to choose from.  I had linguini and the penne.  After two bowls I was done because I was full (more so because its Vegas and I had been eating nonstop the past day!).  My friends enjoyed their steak, nothing really to complain about.  Friend had a soda but it was flat.  She got another one and they fixed the problem with the machine. I had a midori sour but it was a bit too sweet. Our waiter was probably the most memorable aspect because he looked like he could care less about being a waiter.  He wasn't rude or bad, he was just apathetic.  When I asked about the unlimited pasta special he basically wanted to say don't get it!  haha... there was no enjoyment in his voice in taking our orders or explaining the menu items to us.  He also looked like he was high or something.  It wasn't until we were done when he seemed to be excited to tell us about the dessert menu and how we should come back later for the dessert... I guess this dude really loved the dessert... specifically like the apple something.... I forget.  I also don't understand why EVERY SINGLE TELEVISION was on the same channel!!!  Did everyone need to see the same football game at ever angle and size?!?!  Look, if you want a nice place to have a fairly inexpensive meal then this is a great place for you to go to.
3	Well...good place to go if you're going to be partying late and whatnot. My boyfriend and I came here after seeing The Illusionist and Penn & Teller so the shows ended late and we were hungry. Tixfortonight had a 50% discount on our entrees so we got that. I ordered the fish tacos and the avocado stack. He ordered the spinach and artichoke dip and the grilled cheese sliders. I really liked the avocado stack. Hated the fish tacos. It was completely flavorless. The dip was decent and the sliders were actually kind of good. The waiter, Chris, was great! Very accommodating, very nice, and always had a smile on his face. I would maybe come back if I were to go to Planet Hollywood again.
3	Everything I've had here is good, but not great. Good thing is that's it's open 24hrs. I recommend the chicken n waffle for a 4th meal.
2	This was by far the worse meal I had during my recent Vegas trip, even taking airport food into account. We had just arrived in Vegas and were absolutely exhausted. It was around 11pm, and we just wanted a quick bite before heading to bed. There's a wide selection of food on the menu, but that's probably why the quality was not good at all. It's not even that cheap either. My husband ordered the Western Omelet ($14.99). It was a sad looking omelet with limp looking fries and toast on the side. My husband almost never complains about food and hates to waste anything, but even he didn't enjoy this meal and left quite a lot on his plate. I ordered the Mac & Cheese ($14.50). The pasta was a decent al dente, but the cheese sauce was incredibly bland. When I reached for the salt and pepper shakers, I discovered a large wad of tangled hair caught on the opening of the salt shaker. DISGUSTING! The mac was mostly inedible to begin with, and seeing that wad of hair obviously ruined my appetite further. After the hair incident, we couldn't wait to get out of this place. They messed up our check and added an extra beer on there. It was a relatively simple fix, but that just dragged things out longer. Ugh.
1	Service sucks, way to overpriced, and food honestly is not that amazing.. I tried it a few times when i stayed at planet hollywood.. And i wasn't to pleased.
1	Pass. Overpriced Denny's basically. Out of a few items, and prices were high. Also when we were sat all we could here is this annoying ass black waitress that worked there bitching and moaning about her tips not being right. Even our waiter looked embarrassed for her behavior. Unprofessional.
4	Not cheap, but it's a Las Vegas restaurant. As far as casual diner food goes, Planet Dailies delivers. Plus it's open late so you can order a plate of nachos at 2 in the morning after you've been partying on The Strip. If you're staying at Planet Hollywood, this place is exactly what you need.
2	The food here is overpriced and flavorless. We came here after a late night show and decided to stop here instead of our trusty late night spot Earl of Sandwich. Service was slow, but friendly. Our server was nice, but food took a long time to come out and refills were slow as well. I'm usually a stickler when it comes to refills. I often drink a lot and expect refills to be generous. Most of our party ordered breakfast, which is usually a safe bet. Food was bland and not particularly appealing to the eye. It's the strip and clearly the food will be overpriced, but there are many better values to be had, so just skip this and go someplace else.
4	It is a really good restaurant whenever you come, it opens till 4am, so it is a really good choice for people in Las Vegas. We had the lobster fettuccine and the Hawaiian rib eye. It is so good, especially think about it has the 50% off main dish from tix4tonight!!! Average cost is only 15 each person!
4	We got 50% off our meal here with our show tickets so it was well worth the price. Due to the discount, I had filet mignon which was cooked perfectly. Also I had the best martini ever! My husband had the surf and turf which was also well done. Its a very casual atmosphere but the food was of high quality.
1	Not a fan of the food at all, worse than your local dinner! Don't eat here unless your drunk and don't care for taste!
1	Overpriced for the portion/quality of the food, but no doubt because it's in Planet Hollywood. Worse service ever. Friends and I arrived at 2am for a quick snack after flying in late and before gambling some, the place was empty, we orders a few appetizers and didn't get out of the place for 2.5 hours because we were waiting for service. It should not take 30 minutes to bring my check. Skip it!
4	Let me tell you this place is trickey.  Outside they advertise breakfast for $5.99 or $6.99 but no where on the menu is there an item that starts at that price.  Everything is more like $12 and up.  So i asked our server and thank god i did, there is like 6 things he named off for that price including steak and eggs.  It was a good cut of steak cooked perfectly.  A little grissley but for that price it was more then I expected. French toast was amazing, I mean I dont usually like them but these were great. Our server was a little aloof but he got better towards the end and even got me a diet coke to go.  I think its because we tipped 50% but hey it was christmas day.
4	Open 24hours with a huge menu with lots of different choices. The food was great and service too. -1 star for being expensive but thats everywhere in vegas.
5	Ask for the breakfast specials! $6.99 steak and eggs was incredible! Juicy, tender steak cooked exactly as ordered, fresh roasted potatoes that were not dried out and perfect eggs. Had breakfast there twice and both times were fabulous!
4	Really good breakfast. Don't be put off by the overall three stars rating. Menu options are diverse - healthy choices right alongside completely gluttonous faves. Portions are filling, but aren't so much that you feel disgusting after! Great if you're staying at the hotel. Good vibe, good food.
2	Follow Up post- Spoke to the manager about the subpar hostess and she has offered us free dessert for the terrible service .Management is very receptive and understood my issue. I increased my original review to 2 stars due to the professionalism of management and the delicious dessert that followed. I will not go back but hopefully they will have better service in the future.
4	Came here three times during my trip, once for lunch and twice for breakfast. No line any of the times. Had the lunch special the first visit, $8.99. It included a (whole) roast beef sandwich, and a bowl of chicken noodle soup. Both were good. I was more impressed with the soup, mainly because most restaurants have shitty chicken noodle. This was not bland, had big chunks of grilled chicken, and tasty broth. The second time I had two eggs with bacon, coffee, and toast. It was just like anywhere else, but it was $23. Third time, steak & eggs breakfast special, $6.95. Food was good, steak cooked properly, way more food than I could eat. All in all, it was pretty good. I would only order from the specials tho if I ever go again.
1	This nightmare of an embarrassment of a dinner .. Not only doesn't serve the eggs Benedict but when I ordered the lobster omelet.. It arrived 37 minutes later (empty restaurant people! ) with no lobster ! ! ! I can't even imagine the mess this place is when it gets busy.. If it even does ..This place sucks. Might as well go to McDonald's  or starve .. Stomach acid is way better.
4	First time trying this place before the LA location had the prime rib special / southwestern eggrolls tender w/ all the fixings baked potato or mash & veggies
1	Got seated as soon as we entered. Then waited, waited, and waited...After 15 mins of not having anyone notice we were there, nobody came to ask us for drinks or anything, we got up and walked out. The worst part...the restaurant was like half full!
2	This place is open 24 hours so perfect to go to when you want something to eat in the middle of the night if you stay at Elara or Planet Hollywood. They have almost everything on the menu from omelettes to burgers, pasta, chinese food, soups, salads, and steak. Their ahi tuna salad and cilantro chicken salad is pretty good. I also always get their lemongrass soup, hot and sour soup, or egg drop soup. Their food is decent and they always have deals going on like breakfast specials, all you can eat pancake specials, happy hours, etc. throughout various times on certain days. Their specials are actually really good deals because it is a lot cheaper. For example, they had a breakfast special when we went on a Friday morning. The breakfast special ended at 11am that day and the steak and eggs was only about $6.99. However, the service here is terrible! The waiters take  long time to acknowledge you have just been seated. When you have already placed your order, it takes forever for food to come to the table. I've been here when the restaurant was full and when the restaurant was empty. The wait for our food took just as long when it was empty. They also forget to bring you things when you ask for extra sauce, utensils, water refills ,etc. Overall, I come here because of convenience, the food is alright, and I'm usually not in such a hurry. I'ts just frustrating sometimes that they take forever and forget requests.
5	When I come to vegas I always try to visit this place. It has such good food, service, free internet, and a great place to relax.
4	The croissant French toast is amazing!! So flaky & delicious. It's great that they serve brkfst all day too. Good customer service.
5	I've seen this place before on my many adventures to Vegas. I was greeted with smiles by the 2 young ladies at the front. My waiter was Marvin...who was very nice and polite. I ordered the 2 eggs any style.. scrambled with bacon and wheat toast. It was nicely prepared. Ooh! Before i got my food, Marvin gave me a plate with ketchup, butter and 2 small jelly jars on it! It was so cute. the next time i come to Vegas, I'm stopping by Planet Dailies!
2	Food was what you would expect: cheap and fast diner food. Service was fast but not good. I ordered an omelette breakfast and was brought the wrong bread with it and the breakfast potatoes were mushy rather than crispy. The waitress never came to check on us so we weren't even able to ask for condiments or the correct bread... and the restaurant had plenty of staff and mostly empty tables. I won't be back.
4	Great experience last weekend! I called ahead to reserve a spot for 12 people and even though they do not regularly take reservations the manager set aside tables for us all! We enjoyed a delicious meal followed by the BEST carrot cake in the WORLD! I will return for sure :)
3	We arrived to Vegas to meet my family. They were editing here for lunch after their flight. We say down and our waiter which I don't remember his name but a nice guy with red hair who's from my neck of the woods in Florida was our waiter. He was very nice and kind. The 3 stars is not for his service. But the food which was decent but a bit pricey.  Our waiter was even telling us about how if we feed the homeless the cops can give us a ticket. But we ordered the chicken salad which the chicken was a small amount. But our waiter went above and beyond and brought us a few dressings on the side to try. I wish they would give more food for the money they charge.
4	Writing this review for the wee hours shift (3am and later...) for manager Jen and server Gordon. They were awesome and so accommodating with our table and orders. Great staff. Good food...a little pricey for what it is, but hey, it's Vegas.
2	Way too sweet! We had breakfast here and even the French toast has sugar dusted all over it. The banana pancakes all mushed together with the amount of syrup on them. Fast service but low quality food. Nice server is the reason they get 2 stars not 1.
2	Only came back here because I got a gift certificate from the company, and thought the place was worth another shot..So once again restaurant was about half full..Waited 10 mins before the  waitress came to see us.Took forever to get our drinks (10 mins about)Waitress seems to hate her job (never smiled, and was not professional at all...) Iced tea was way too watered downWarm Springs smoothie was great however! Chicken ceasar salad was pretty good and so were the fries!Price is way too expensive for what you get though...would never pay to eat here again. Overall 2 stars for the food, but service still sucks and is super slow & price is too expensive for the portions.
5	We purchased a half priced dinner coupon from the half price ticket booth for dinner prior to our show at the V Theater.   Service was quick.  Portions were huge, and we could not finish our meals.  We were able to get in and out quickly and were fully satisfied - nachos, wedge salad, and congee.
4	My sister recommended this place because of the chicken and waffles. Delicious!! The chicken was amazing! The only negative thing was that our group of 10 people all ordered the chicken and waffles and we were informed that they only had 2 waffle irons so it took about 45 minutes to get our food. When your drunk at 4:30 in the morning 45 minutes is an eternity.
2	Came here with 3 kids after a very quick day trip to Vegas and the Hoover Dam. We were all very tired and looking for somewhere not too expensive to eat that was reasonably kid friendly. Hard to find on the strip! First off the service was very poor despite that fact that it was pretty empty. We were seated quickly but not given any flatware. Even when the food came out. The waiter never seemed to be around. Then the food came but there were no side plates for the kids. The calamari was good and my Teryaki salmon was very tasty, if not way over salted and over processed. However my wife's pad thai was pretty disgusting. Straight from a sauce bottle and not very pad thai like. They did remove that from the check but even with that removed the meal was very expensive and given the poor service not a good experience overall.
2	Had potato skins and hot wings. Food looked good but was average at best in taste and too expensive.
4	The breakfast here is fabulous.We had the Cinnamon Bun French Toast and the Bananas Foster French Toast. Both were so delicious that we decided to split them half and half.The server was also fantastic.The price was very reasonable too.Overall. this is a must stop for breakfast!
1	Avoid the soups, especially the Hong Kong wonton. It's not what one would expect a wonton soup would be.
5	I am NOT understanding these lower reviews for the dailies.  In my experience they were awesome. I mean we were in Vegas. We were drunk in Vegas. They have awesome buffalo wings. Also try the great orange slushie adult beverage. Think of Orange Julius with alcohol. the servers were quite pleasant and loved to talk with you. Then again they were trying to get tips out of drunk people. I vaguely remember sports being on the TV set so of course that increases the ambiance. But then again I was drunk. This is Steve justice signing off.
1	We went for the unlimited pasta, which our server seemed to know nothing about. They failed to mention the included breadsticks until after we ate our pasta. There was a hair in my salad, and when we complained they offered free desert, which we were not interested in. We went through the whole meal without our waters being filled. She brought the check before we were done and before we could order more pasta! The manager finally took care of the check after the 3rd complaint. Geeeeeez! So many other choices of restraunts. Not recommending this one!
3	This place is a yes and no. Yes:The food here is sooo good!! Like they have all kinds of things! From sandwiches to burgers to entrees to even chinese to local Hawaiian!! Had a Reuben (one of my favs) my parents had congee and fried rice!! Everything was amazingly tasty!! While looking at the menu we noticed you can get a loco moco (gravy over egg on top of hamburger on top of rice. A staple dish in Hawaii.) No:The service!! Our waiter was super nice and chill, but the buss boys were unfriendly, seemed to be in a rush and at the same time slacking. We asked our server for extra plate and ketchup. 10 minutes later, nothing. Then asked a buss boy the same. 5 minutes later, nothing!! Finally like 20 minutes after we ask, we get it. It wasn't even busy when we were eating. Felt like they had to ask someone to tell someone to send someone in the back of downstairs to get our request!! Mann!!!
4	This place is swiftly becoming my fave late night haunt while in Vegas! Went to dinner here two nights in a row this past weekend and was pleasantly surprised at their food. The first night I went with a group of friends, but I wasn't too hungry so had their Tex-Mex egg rolls which were pretty filling. They had some bite to it, thanks to all the delicious chili action going on. My friend's hubby got the Pad Thai, which he totally devoured and loved. While my egg rolls were tasty, I couldn't help but eye his noods.The following night my best friend and I went for a late din after our concert and we were starving! Got the chicken lettuce wraps and a side of the house fried rice. WOW, the rice was amazing! I'm Filipino, was raised off Asian food and eat fried rice for breakfast more than I'd like to admit - I have to say that that was probably the best simple fried rice I've ever had! The lettuce wraps and the rice combination was simple and genius, two things I love! My BFF and I were thinking of going again for dinner but alas, we stayed on the strip but quite a ways away unforch. I would definitely go back in a heartbeat if not to only chow down on the lettuce wraps and fried rice - soooo delicious!  The service the first night seemed a little off at first but then it ended up being fine. The second night our server was superb - he was the one who pointed out the lettuce wraps. Also, love the fact that they are generous in giving out refills!
4	Love this place. I eat breakfast/lunch here at least once every time I come to Vegas.  They have a good menu with many different options.  The chicken and waffles are awesome.
3	Came here for breakfast and it wasn't bad. They have a lot of options.  Be sure to give them your Total Rewards card for a discount on menu items (which they show on the menu too).Our waitress was super friendly and was attentive up to the point of us ordering food. After that, could hardly find her.We ordered the corned beef hash and that was really good. But don't expect it to be the grounded up kind.  These are cubed and surprisingly not that salty.
4	Went there for the all you can eat pancakes and was absolutely impressed the first day.  Second day, not so much.  Food was great both days, but the service was hit or miss.  It was great to find a place on the strip that didn't cost and arm AND a leg to eat at.
2	The food is good no complaints there...I do have however complaints on their service. The First time I went there, they took awhile to even get our drink order. Then they took hella long on getting our food. Not to mention that the waiter gave my friend her plate without telling her that it was a hot plate (which it was) cuz usually they say that the plate is hot and put it right in front of you. But nope this didnt happen....Overall the Food and Price is a good deal but their service not soo much. They better work on that soon!
3	Food is good but this is yet another place within Planet Hollywood falsely claiming to offer free wi-fi.  Guys, if it's inaccessible,  what does free matter? Take down the signs or get some better brouder spectrum service otherwise this is just phony advertising.
1	If your looking for breakfast then do yourself a flavor and spend a couple more dollars across the street. And if you do decide to eat here DONT get the bloody Mary.
1	Slow poor service.made us wait 20 mins for drinks. And wait for food was like 45 mins. Stay away.
1	If I could give this zero stars, I would certainly do so.  I "ate" breakfast here.  I had the southwest scramble.  I have literally never in my life had eggs that tasted so bad.   I couldn't even eat them - and I was soooo hungry!!!  The potatoes were soggy and disgusting.  The toast was the only thing edible on my plate.  I don't eat bread most of the time but the toast was the main part of my meal at this gross place.  YUCK!  I wouldn't go back here if they paid me.  Oh, I guess i should add that the coffee was good.  If you ONLY want coffee and 3.99 for a cup is a good price for you, then this is a good place I guess.
1	The service is miserable. When I say miserable, I mean you could go ten minutes without seeing a single worker. I ate her lunch Saturday and Sunday since it was close to my room. The salad I had the first day, the strawberries were frozen. And it was a 17 dollar salad.  Dont waste your time.
1	When we got here the place was not very full or busy. Our drink orders took awhile to take for the amount of people who were there. The food was alright. The Caesar salad was disgusting as it was drenched in dressing.When we finished our meal it took the waitress 10 minutes to come back. She asked if we wanted anything else and we said no, just the check. We then sat for over ten more minutes waiting for our check even though she went to the table next to us multiple times. I just think the customer service here was awful. There is no reason we should have sat longer waiting for our check then we did eating the food. No military discount.Update: To top it off, if you write a bad review for this place they will contact you and ask for your contact information, only to not contact you, thus wasting more of your time.
2	I started off with the the country fried steak but it was cold, however I replaced that dish with some good ol' french toast! The service was mediocre due to the extremely long wait. I would not recommend this place but if you love french toast then give this place a try!
2	Maybe it was just an off day for them, but my experience here was pretty meh. My friend and I came here because we had a 50% of bill (except alcohol) voucher from the Tix4Tonight place. Our first server was really friendly. I got the  BBQ duck and it was good, crispy skin, nice hoisin flavor (bit salty, but that's to be expected), but it didn't come with rice. I had thought it came with rice, but was just BBQ duck. The portion was massive and this definitely would have been better for a family-style sharing (my friend doesn't like duck, so this was all mine).We each ordered a pop to drink and after the first time bringing out our drinks and food not once did a waitstaff member come by to check to see if we were enjoying or meal, or if we needed anything else. I would have liked another refill on the drinks (or even just a water), but flagging down our waiter was basically impossible. If it was really busy in the restaurant this would be understandable, but I think we were one of 3 tables. At one point I even flagged down another server, who promised to come by right away with water. We saw nothing. Guess Vegas is a desert for a reason. Considering our service was subpar, the food was okay, but pretty pricey (my meal was about $20 and that was with using the 50% coupon) this is definitely a restaurant I'd skip if I were going to Vegas.
2	Went here with my husband for breakfast bc it was actually recommended! We were pretty disappointed in this place though... The service was Horrible and the staff is almost non existent! The only reason for two stars is bc the pancakes were great and only 6.99 for all you can eat! The rest of the food was ok... Which was really sad bc it all sounds and looks so delicious on the menu... New staff and new cook would make this place A+
5	Had breakfast here just before we had to rush off to sky dive.  Not only was the service fast and friendly, but I had the best blueberry pancakes I have ever had, hands down, and that includes home made, IHOP or any other pancake house.  their breakfast selection is outstanding.  I loved the blueberry pancakes with just the right amount of whipped cream and slivered almonds really added a special touch.  Perfect balance of all elements.  Everyone in my group also loved their breakfast entrees and were extremely impressed with the professionalism of the staff that really seem to care and go the extra mile.  Don't listen to cheap vacationers who spent too much money and are looking for a refund by posting a negative review. This place is amazing - any meal of the day!  Also, the Planet Dailies and Mixology in Los Angeles is spectacular too.  Who knows what star you'll bump into there on any given day.  thanks Planet Dailies for a great experience and great food.
2	Holy cow!! We originally tried to go to Burgr, but the wait was 2.5 hours. So we walked over to this place. The wait was 5 minutes. And there was a reason for there not being a wait. The waiter was very nice and accommodating. However the food took forever and was AWFUL. I ordered the French onion soup. And the bread was hard as a rock. Needless to say we will not be returning. The waiter took the soup off the bill and gave us a 20% off the entire bill because of various other mishaps with other peoples food. Thumbs way down :(
2	The food is ok for 1am food. I've had better but it is definitely edible.However I waited over 30 minutes despite nudging twice to pay. They are massively understaffed, at least at night.
1	Wait staff is rude and restaurant is empty.  He seemed to be nicer to the ladies in the restaurant.
2	The food took forever to arrive.The steak/lobster tail combo was OK. I liked the steak more than than the lobster tail.The chinese chicken salad is tasty, but the wontons get soggy fast.The ahi tuna salad is good, but perhaps not really worth it.Overall, nothing is amazing. I don't really like the atmosphere, because it reminds me of a cleaner Denny's or comparable diner. The food is not really worth it and there are just better options on The Strip. You must get the 50% off meal ticket in order for this place to not be severely overpriced.
1	IF I COULD PUT NO STARS, I WOULD.The customer service was HORRIBLE. The waitress NEVER checked on us. The food took forever and a day. We got our drinks after the food arrived! The food must have been sitting there for days because it was cold! My mom ordered black tea, the waitress brought her green tea. Spend $40 on 2 meals and a coffee +tea and it was not even good! DO NOT COME HERE ON A LATE NIGHT if you are hungry, I'm 100% sure you will leave annoyed and not satisfied.
1	I wouldn't eat here on a dare. The food is mediocre, when it rises that high, the prices are ridiculous, and if you've got to sell vouchers you know that you suck. There are so many places minutes from here that are SOOOO much better.
4	My food was pretty good. I had the chicken parm. I like that they have breakfast options all day, especially in Vegas :-)
1	My boyfriend and I had bought tickets at one of those half off ticket places and we asked where we should eat before the show, they recommended this place. The menu looked pretty good when we got there, so my hopes were high. We had potstickers as an appetizer (they tasted as though they had been in a freezer for way too long and they had been microwaved).... My Kobe beef hamburger which I order medium was completely burnt. All I could taste was burnt. Then my boyfriend, who ordered his steak medium rare said he didn't even think they cooked it. His asparagus was cold too. Only thing decent about this place was the French fries. And to top if off, our order took FOREVER! I think they forgot about us. The waitress even commented that it was taking sooooo long and said she would talk to her manager about comping half of our meal. The manager came out, and apologized...then they said they would give us a free dessert too because it took so long. We end up never getting dessert and they comped NOTHING for us. So basically, my recommendation would be never ever go here. The end.
1	Half an hour for waffles. Never again! And the waitstaff disappeared the whole time. Would have had better luck going to a fast food joint.
1	Do not come here!!!!! Get fast food instead!!!!! This place has really bad service and the food is just okay. The service was so bad here we walked out. The busses gave us our water and the server never came back. Them we were informed that the server was on break but no one came to take over.we waited for 20 minutes for someone to come back to check on us but no one came while their servers stood in the corner talking. We left upset and complained to the manager and she apologized and left. Do not come here!! Service is terrible!!!
3	Good food, service was eh...both times we went there service was a little slow/non-existent.The Moco loco was yummy for breakfast. Had French onion soup late one night & the cheese was on top of a piece of hard bread. No amount of soaking softened it.
4	Surprisingly pretty great food. I ate here for breakfast twice with a group of 6-8. The service was very good both days and they were especially accommodating with our group - even bringing 6 separate checks one day, which was so appreciated. I had a goat cheese, sundried tomato omelet one day which was fresh and flavorful. The next day I had french toast with a side of fresh berries, which were equally as good, though didn't come with real maple syrup. The menu is your standard diner food without the greasiness and grunge of your standard diner. I would recommend.
1	Had a very bad experience here and will not be back. My husband and I used to love this 24 hour cafe right in the middle of the strip. They must have new owners because the recipes are different and the portions have been reduced.Used to be a great spot to refuel at 4am or anytime of the day. Now, I will not even stop in for a soda. Service was horrible and waitress was very rude when we asked for drinks or any necessities!  Not going back EVER!
2	What a disappointment. The only good thing were the starters and I bet they were all frozen and out sourced. The entrees were simply not edible. Pasta drowning in oil, the chicken Marsala was full if flower and thus disgusting. I told the manager and his remedy was he will offer us free dessert. Of course I didn't accept his offer.
3	Food here is good, but the prices are high.  It's Vegas, so paying $16 for an entree sized salad is pretty much expected.  They used to have an awesome tuna burger, but it has been taken off the menu.  The waitstaff is hit or miss.  Sometimes I get quick service, other times, it seems they have to travel to another restaurant's kitchen to get my food.  Staff is also pretty lackluster.  No one likes to work, but some of the staff seem genuinely unhappy to be here. On the positive, I did see a manager quietly refuse service of alcoholic beverages to the table next to mine.  I've never seen that in Vegas, but these guys really needed to be cut off.  He was really polite to them and offered to take their food order instead.  Good for him!If you do decide to check out Planet Dailies, I recommend trying the onion soup.  It's pretty tasty!  Avoid the french fries.  I've had them several times over the years and they are always lukewarm.
2	The food is pretty good for a coffee shop. The amenities is lacking, we got our food but we had to wait for the silverware.  We had to ask for condiments and plates which took a while. The server looks like he's walking on sand that's how slow he was. Never again not worth it.
4	We have eaten here twice on two different trips. We have enjoyed our meal both times.If you're looking for a quick bite to eat and/or lots of variety check this place out.I had breakfast for dinner and it was perfect. My mom and sister ordered the Rachel sandwich and they loved it. My aunt ordered a BLT with avocado and enjoyed it too.Our waiter was friendly and on top of things.I would visit this place again!
3	The breakfast was nothing to write home about. Overpriced since it's in the hotel, but we were starving. Good service and we didn't have to wait long for a table.
5	The "all you can eat" of pasta is great with a good price. The service was good. I didn't take a look at the menu, soso I don't know if their prices for the other items were good, but it seems pretty cheap to pay 10$ and eat all the pasta you can eat, so I would definitely recommend this place.
1	Tried this place twice and both times service was very slow and food was overpriced for what we got. Staff (including management) not very friendly or helpful. It's a shame bc I enjoy staying at this hotel.
3	We ate twice during our stay at planet hollywoodFirst visit at 8am Saturday was great, fast service and food was delicious! Loved the peaches and cream french toast yummy!Second visit Sunday at 11am was horrible long wait for food..our sandwich was burnt and the lobster eggs Benedict was cold and eggs way over cooked Guess it's hit and miss
4	I don't know why everyone is rating this place so bad! Yes, we did have to wait a while for our food but the waitress was very nice and the food was AMAZING. honestly some of the best house potatoes I have ever tried. The menu has so much to offer and the food just tasted so fresh. The portions and good size too. Price wise, it is on the higher end, but so worth it for the taste of food.
4	AWESOME LATE NIGHT FIND!!!!!! Had pork fried rice and chicken nachos.  Both were pretty yummy.  I also had spaghetti on a separate day, that was okay.  My friends/family had other dishes that they seemed to have enjoyed.  We came at 4am, so that's always a win!
4	Located in planet Hollywood. I had a surprising good steak and eggs breakfast here just for $6.99. Best deal in town! This place is good for a quick and causal bite to eat. Coffee is good and service is fast. Can't complain with that!
3	Amazing fried chicken and don't forget them buttermilk biscuits! Good service and while it seems pricey in reality it's not bad for Vegas Strip casual dining. I would check it out again.And then they took our check and made us wait 15 minutes to get out of here.
2	This is a nice cafe, but the servers seemed not very attentive to the 4 or 5 tables that they had full. Hardly nobody was in there and the waiters were no where to be found. It took 15 minutes just to be asked about drinks. Once the food arrived, my chicken and avocado sandwich was perfect! My friends Reuben came without thousand island, and was dry. They forgot to put it on. We didn't get a refill on our drinks, until I asked for the check. This isn't surprising for Planet Hollywood. Every employee that they have has no clue about anything.
2	Have eaten here every year Labor Day weekend for the past five years, and every year since the second year, I regret it.  First year, the place was great.The food isn't bad, it just isn't any better than an average Denny's....the offerings are more exotic(smoked salmon plate, lobster omelet....).....but they are not standout.It's expensive.....a 3 egg breakfast with accompaniments cost $14.00 before tip.The service is terrible.  My party of three went to breakfast on Saturday, August 30, 2014 at 9:00 am.  We were seated promptly, the order was taken at 9:20am, we got our food 20 minutes later, and we were out the door at 9:55 am.  We had to ask for a napkin, fork and knife.  They were out of spoons.The General Manager of this establishment should remove his cranium from his posterior and work very hard to improve service......next year, I will probably avoid the aggravation completely and go to the McDonald's around the corner......I know the food quality will be the same if not better, and the wait/service will not be nearly as bad.
4	We were hungry and a little hung over so I knew I wanted something good! We have heard and seen this place plenty of times before but never had a chance to eat here. There was no wait so we said let's do it. To start our server Jose was amazing. He was very friendly, personable, and knowledgeable about the menu. He is exactly what every employee working in an restaurant should be like. My boyfriend and I both work in the restaurant industry and we would definitely love to have him on our team. We ordered a few appetizers- the blacked ahi and the chicken lettuce wraps. The ahi was delicious! Perfect sear, and seasoning, as well as delicious chunks of avocado in between each piece. The lettuce wraps were ok- I am more use to like a really chicken but this one was more like a ground chicken. For our entrees I got the bacon, cheddar burger and asked if I could get an egg on it. They were able to accommodate my request thanks to Jose. The burger was huge and very good. I only are about half- the fries were delicious! My boyfriend got the buffalo chicken sandwich, which he also enjoyed. It's your typical cafe/diner food but to the next level. Thanks Jose for making our experience great!
4	The best thing that this place has to offer is that they are open 24 hours. Its very convenient to have a 4 or 5 am breakfast here. This is a advantage for me because I had this very early work.I usually go for their very delicious Corned Beef has with poached egg. It was really good to have that poached egg in the morning.The corned beef was really something that you would love to eat. I love this place.
4	Think of cheesecake factory without the lines or high costs.  Very good food. Hidden gem.  Wait staff is stellar.  I've had many items on the menu and have never been disappointed.
5	Loved the food. It was so yummy!!! The waiter was so pleasant. The only thing i regret is eating here our last night and not getting a chance to eat here again!!!
3	I ordered the BBQ Bacon Cheddar burger. It was actually pretty good. But when you pay $15 for a burger you kind of have this expectation that it's going to be one of the best burgers you've had. I'm not sure if I'd come back simply because of the price for what you get.No complaints about the service.
4	LOVE THE PRIME RIB! Order it more well done if you want it cooked, I ordered medium well and got damn near rare. The service sucks sometimes too but cant beat the price on the prime rib. 4 stars for food. 1 star for service.
1	The worst cafe food in Las Vegas. Seriously! $5 for a baked potato that has been sitting all day and barely reheated. The inside was light brown...possibly cooked the day before. The pork fried rice obviously had suggest in it. Steve's blood sugar skyrocketed to almost 300 after eating 1/4 of a bowl. I tasted it and told him to stop eating it immediately. I could taste the sugar. $40 later for rice and a potato.
5	24 hours...couldn't asked for more to end my night here for dinner. The food was a little pricey, yes, but it was worth it. Nom nom nom...the service was excellent and the staffs are awesome!The seats, however...the booth like chairs? Haha after I sat down I felt like I sunk so low my face is now at the surface level of the table. We ordered Chicken Alfredo, Singapore Noodles & Teriyaki Salmon (w/o the Teriyaki). Don't let these bowl that they serve you, fool you ... It looked like a small portion, but the bowl is pretty big. All were excellent items. Definitely would return.
1	The food is whack. Calamari was nothing special. Hong Kong wonton noodle soup was not good. The soup came in a cup and you have to pour it in and it was not hot enough. Service was horrific, slow and rude. Would not recommend this place.
1	Allergy to onions. Food came out with onions. Waited 15 minutes for drinks. No apology from the server. And she charged us for a side of mushrooms...which we never ordered nor did we receive. Manager said she could "look into it," but we had a flight to catch. I suggest waiting in line for ANY other restaurant before getting sat here right away...chances are you'll wait the same amount anyway.
4	Good food reasonable prices. Server was a little slow but not much to complain about here.
5	Literally the best french toast I've ever had.  Wish I would have went here for breakfast the first morning I was there, because then I would have went back the second morning as well. But going once is better than nothing.
2	First time here for breakfast and the menu was extensive and we were looking forward to the food. Before we got our order the first thing that hit us was the size (or lack of size) of the OJ. They only offer one size for $5.99. Waiter said it was 8 ounce. Manager said it was 6 ounce and it looked like 4 ounces.Had some fresh fruit as an appetizer which was OK and my wife and I both ordered the filet eggs Benedict which was decent but way overdone as we ordered medium.In the end, we couldn't get past the complete rip off on the OJ and the fact that they didn't even offer a larger size for say $8.99, meant you had to order two to have with your meal.Would have given it ONE star but Patrick, one of the managers, came over and I nicely explained our disappointment with the OJ, and he brought over a round on the house. Kudos to Patrick. The waiter Richard was excellent also.Overall, the bill was $69 without the tip. Worth it?? Not even close. Better off finding an IHOP.
1	This place has the worst waiters and managers I've ever been to in Las Vegas. When our food came we had to get a roll silverware because we could not find a waiter. The waiter spilled ketchup on myself and my brother. We asked to talk to the manager to help us clean up she came over and thought it was funny.  We have asked for a refill on our $3.99 coffee which we think is excessive and the waiter said I'll be right back and never came back. On the brighter side the food was just average.
3	This review is two parts: Food & ServiceFood = 5 StarsTheir Chef worked with me on a custom appetizer menu and their out of house patisserie chef worked wonders with our wedding cake.  Both required a special diet needs that were met flawlessly.  The meals were well made and I had zero complaints from guests.Service = 1 StarThe website advertises for you to have your special event at their location, but does not do it any justice at all.  I have never planned or been involved in the planning of a wedding dinner before so I was counting on my contact at the restaurant to be vigilant, knowledgeable and helpful. Unfortunately my contact fell through on all fronts and I just feel I need to warn others looking to use the venue for an event that if nothing has changed you should expect be expected to plan all of your own details.I have already written numerous other reviews and just wanted to keep this one simple.
3	I give this place 3 stars because it was perfect for us since we had a flight to catch. It was right there in Planet Hollywood. The food is pretty basic. I enjoyed the chicken and waffles. My friend had the french toast. Neither were earth shattering but they hit the spot. The service was painfully slow. Our server was really nice but the food took over 20 minutes to get to us. One nice aspect of Planet Dailies were the many tvs. Everywhere you looked the World Cup was on. So much fun!
1	Bad service.  Again.  No condiments that I asked for.  No refills.  Server is an idiot.  No apology for forgetting us.  And not busy at all.
2	I give this place two stars because I reserve one star reviews for absolute shit places. So, I guess you could say this place is just a step above shit. I ordered sweet and sour pork for 17.99 and it was the worst I'd ever had. If you had placed that dish in front of me and asked me to guess how much it cost, I would've guessed maybe 2.99, but no, it was close to 20 bucks. It was advertised as "crispy pork" with a sweet and sour glaze but the dish I was served was soggy, and was clearly not cooked on site. My guess is that it was probably microwaved or perhaps had been sitting out for a while. The waitstaff was neither personable nor warm. Our waiter took his time with refilling our waters, and we had to ask for pretty much all our silverware. Do NOT eat here!! The staff clearly does not care about you, your dining experience, or the fact that you are paying triple the price for the quality of food you're receiving. You're better off eating at Burgr!
2	I will give two stars since the customer service is the only thing that didn't suck. I have been wanting to try the one in LA so couldn't wait to check it out. I'm gonna assume after my horrible breakfast that maybe the waffles and pancakes are the stars of this establishment since that was all I saw coming out of the kitchen. And would also be the reason that I MIGHT try the one back home. So I ordered the huevos rancheros and it went downhill from there, the worst I have ever had. The tortillas were cardboard, the beans were chalk, and the flavor was.....was......was....sorry at a lost for words. I will say no more!
4	I can't believe I have never been to this place. I'm so glad I randomly discovered it while looking for some pancakes! 1- The service is fast, friendly and efficient. 2- The food is great. Yes GREAT! I mean ok obviously it's not a 5 star meal. I'm not a celebrity. I'm a regular person that goes to vegas from time to time to get away. But I also like good food that isn't overpriced! I have only been to this place for breakfast, and then again the next day, and then the day after that! It's that good. The pancakes are very good! The bacon cheddar grits, the scrambles and omelettes are good as well. 3- Get a flavored mimosa. It's delightful. 4- on Sunday, they had football on! That gives them a star just for that alone!! The place is spacious, not cramped at all. Comfy seating and nice lighting. Even if I don't stay in PH I will be back for a fulfilling breakfast for sure!!!!
1	This review is for the location, not the food.  The restaurant is located directly on the casino floor at Planet Hollywood, so the smell of smoke is BAD.  The restaurant is not "walled off" so if you eat here prepare to reek of smoke when you leave.
1	His: Waiters were friendly and fast but the food was terrible.  My corned beef hash was tough, unflavorful, and the potatoes were hard and undercooked.  Everything was overpriced and I regret not driving down the street to Ihop. I would have been better off eating my $14. Her: Chicken Fried Steak with scrambled eggs has always been my go to breakfast meal. Unfortunately, this place was utterly disappointing :[ The meat was bland with an awkward taste....The batter was also weird and lacked gravey. Service was excellent but the chef needs major improvement!
