5	I want to live there!! Huge property with 3 buildings on it. 2 already filled with home accessories, jewerly & gifts etc. The 3rd building is going to be opening and filled with glorious goods(not exaclty sure what yet but it's gotta be good).You will want to spend a morning with girlfriends or just alone to get your fill.Super fun!
5	I stumbled across The Secret Village today on my way to work and their fantabulous window display practically gave me whiplash.  I just had to go on my lunch break..and I'm so glad that I did.This place is amazing.  They have some great finds-everything from a gynormous wooden horse to lovely little trinkets with something for every budget.  I enjoyed a nice little chat with one of the owners Bonnie and she was really sweet and sincere.  She asked me some genuine questions about what I thought about the store, what made me decide to come in etc and I thought that was very nice.Currently they have 2 buildings open with their 3rd on the way.  I can't wait for the grand opening soon!  Unfortunately I was feeling slightly overwhelmed and I couldn't decide what I wanted (out of several items) but I'm happy I have a new spot to shop at lunchtime.  The Secret Village-I'll be back :)
5	Wow, this place is great. What a wonderful addition to the area. Such an easy place to run and get a great card, gift or just nourish your soul. I want that gorgeous crystal mirror hanging in the bridal area!
1	Their current ad in Echo says they are open Sunday. Brought a group of friends, drove 50 miles roundtrip, to find a sign on the door saying they are not open on Sundays for the summer. Suggest their advertisements match their hours of operations.
5	I have to echo the reviews I've read and the experience I had at the store! Wow! I met the owner Bonnie when I did a radio show with Jan D'Atrie and the Secret should be out! I loved the lay out, the prices, the unique lines of gifts, decore, dishes, kids items, unusual and beautiful-leave-me-without-speech-items. They're really awesome! Well worth the trip!
5	Every time I head to ABC cake supply I see this wonderful store on the way. I often say, "I need to stop there." Today I did. It is a wonderful ecclectic store filled with unique items. From baby, wedding, kitchen and on! I picked up some of their mini cupcake stands! LOVE!!!
4	Found this store in a local Phoenix guide my visiting-from-out-of-town sister picked up. What a cute place! It's multipldee shops on one corner and each one has a different theme. There are sections for kids, pets, home, "country" type stuff, fun and girly stuff, etc. Some of it is a little pricey, especially the home decor section. If you're looking for gift ideas though, they have something for everyone. I actually returned the next day and purchased a cupcake birthday headband as a gift for an upcoming birthday girl. The sales staff were all very nice too, and seemed to really enjoy working there. Check them out, you're sure to find something for any gift situation!
5	Love, love this place! Lots of unique items. Great place to find thoughtful gifts. Everything from baby to jewelry to pets! I took my 4 year old and my 65 year old  mother and we all found things we liked.
5	This place is simply AMAZING! The Secret Village peddles a myriad of eclectic trinkets and treasures, and trying to list every single treat you might discover in this three building gallery of goodies just wouldn't be possible. The back building houses mostly boho chic clothing, luggage, toiletries, toys, games, jewelry, and pet accessories. One of the front buildings is filled with books, stationary, candles, and european home decor. And the other front building is filled with kitchen accessories, cooking gadgets, and gourmet specialty foods. Mind you, this is a MINUSCULE list of what you'll ACTUALLY find within so it's well worth a visit! I often find myself exploring the stores when I'm desperately in need of a unique and special last minute gift for between $20-$30. Nothing is more awkward than insincere gifting! Like that moment when you present your "good friend" with the pre made lotion basket from Bath & Body Works, and the room falls silent as the basket screams, "I don't really know anything about you!" Shopping at the Secret Village helps you avoid this embarrassment. From vintage business card holders to wrought iron wine cork containers, to giant sushi shaped pillows and Pinot Noir scented soap, this place is an incredible gifting extravaganza! I didn't think the prices were extraordinarily high, but you can also sign up to be on their email list and each month they'll send out a 20% off coupon! Even if you're just looking to kill some time, I highly suggest stopping by this place. It's AMAZING and you won't be sorry!
5	If I won the lottery and just wanted to spend a few hours a week working, it would have to be in this store.  One, because I would want to be there just to see all the THINGS all the time, and two, because I would be able to spend all my money there.  This place rocks.This place has three buildings- the west one has pricier items, but the stuff is GORGEOUS (see previous lotto winning comment).  The east one has very reasonably priced items, contains seasonal trinkets and specialty food items.  The south building has kids stuff, pet items and clothing/purses as well as some home items.  It is the BEST place to find a gift for someone, or spend your overtime check on something nice for yourself. Want nice stationary?  A cute soup tureen?  A garden item? New collar for your dog? Fake fruit for your centerpiece?  Gorgeous picture frames?  Cute gauzy dress?  Hip handbags? Pretty bangles?  Antique key holders?  Whimsical signage? Artful platters?  Decorative bird cages?  Catch my drift?  They have EVERYTHING! :)
4	Every city needs a place where middle-income-ish people can buy wedding gifts for their friends who want something a little funky and unusual but who aren't so far out there that they expect their presents to be hand-felted from dryer lint. The Secret Village is that place. The kitchen-y section in the east building is a scene of major housewares lust, and it's mostly the "ha, you'll think I got this in a little shop in Paris!" sort of dishes rather than the "fine china, once a year" dishes. The west building has the cards you'll need in wrapping presents for your nuptials-bound friends who get the dishes. The back building is where the boho gifts and tchotchkes live -- upon close examination, the stock is more mass-produced and less exotic than even at the much-lamented Green Woodpecker but since there's nowhere else in Phoenix to even think of finding weird bits of items, how picky can one be?Go make your friends have celebrations so you can buy them coffee mugs here.
5	This place needs to not be such a secret. I have been looking for a place like this since Glendale closed down many of their shops and after coming back from Lake Mary Fl where the entire town has these little delightful specialty stores. What a wonderful adventure in the Secret Village's 6 little specialty shops. Think Coomers meets Jootenhoops. I loved their Mark Roberts collection and their unique teacher gifts. The staff here were incredible. Another reason to shop here, "Buy Local". Their 6 shops are themed for Cooking/kitchen, kids, pets, man cave, and collectibles. They also do a once a month vendor sale. Amazingly, they do not charge the vendors to participate either. This place needs to expand. Thank you to the lovely folks I talked to today and my new found holiday treasures.
5	It's such a wonderful place. I could shop all day there. I could spend thousands there if I had the money. Great gifts, house hold items, clothing, and so so much more. Check this place out, you won't regret it!
2	In my opinion the place is nice just way over priced
4	I liked it. This place gave me everything I was looking for - I'll give it 4 stars for that! I had to buy a very last-minute wedding gift; and after stopping into a zillion stores while already on my way to the big event- I finally found something at The Secret Village.I spent most of my time in the Paper Trail shop and found the perfect 'fun' gift. The girl behind the counter was very helpful. She gave me a 10% discount for my purchase over $50. Cool! She also let me know about free gift wrapping. Even better! Actually, how it works is you pay about $2 or $3 per yard for the wrapping paper and she wraps it with a pretty bow within minutes. Well, I was in a rush and all I needed was a single yard - so that $3 premium really was worth it. By the time I left the Village, I walked out with the perfect quirky gift wrapped up with fancy bows - and I wondered why I didn't just come here in the first place. The Secret Village really is the perfect spot for something unique, thoughtful, and maybe a bit quirky. I appreciate the extra efforts in customer service to give a discount, wrap everything and set me off quickly. I was looking to spend something in the range of $20 - $50 so this place worked for me. This is about the price point you can expect.
1	The FEMALE owner Treated me very cold and had  awful customer service skills. Her young nephew that works up front was superb , sweet , kind and friendly !! I had purchased a lamp just a week and a half ago and the lamp did not work and began losing its  pieces also. The Female owner was very rude when I showed her the lamp and asked for a fair exchange for a working lamp.  She talked to me in a mean dimeanor and asked the man behind the counter to look and see why the lamp was not working.  The man worked on it about thirty minutes and then agreed it was a malfunctioning lamp.  The female owner then returned after making me wait half an hour with my infant son , and she said how do I know you didn't DROP it and that's why maybe it doesn't work now.    I held my tongue to the best of my ability and for that I'm greatful.  I was furious though inside ! She said I cannot take the lamp back and I cannot do an exchange either.   So they glued the piece back on that  had broken and I left with a 185.00 BROKEN and dysfunctional lamp ! This woman's nephew , a dark headed super wonderful young man was there both times , he was the one I bought the lamp from and he was there when I returned to do the exchange.   He apologized to me over and over and clearly felt awful and he let me know he was extremely upset about my troubles.   He says that the female owner is his Aunt and that what SHE says goes.   He helped me back out to my car with the broken lamp and gave me a hug and made this nightmare of an experience so much more enlightening in the end. I thanked him so very much.  His aunt , the owner could learn a lesson or two from her awesome and loving nephew.  I believe in great customer service.  This was awful customer service for an owner to treat a good paying customer. My mother and IAre big Spenders and we CERTAINLY would Have shopped here again in the future , HAD this Not happened.   Now we will NOT go shopping at this location in the future!! :(  very disappointed
1	Stuck with a poorly made 185.00 lamp.  Really frustrating to me. I can't believe the owner refused an exchange.    Very poorly made lamps.
1	Look At this spendy lamp I got from there that broke the third day. And am dissappointed that they wouldn't let be exchange.   Not good customer service here.
5	If you're looking for a fun place check out the secret village this place is really cool it actually is four stores. You can find all kinds of knick knacks and specialty cards and items we talked to one of the employees who said they may possibly add a coffee area which would really make this place awesome you won't be disappointed lots of interesting things to purchase there's even an adult card section if you love Christmas this is a great store to go to as well
