5	Rocco does it again! The food is simply amazing and you can't beat the view. So happy this restaurant is in Charlotte!
5	Give this place a little time, and it's going to rock.  Came here for their soft opening on Friday night for residents and such.  Overall 4 stars, but Miss Cleo said to go ahead and give this place 5 stars right now.  (Also, the posted food photo sampling is courtesy of a friend).Our posse had plenty of critique and feedback concerning the execution of the dishes, but let's face it, it looked like everyone finished the mac and cheese, the steak, the ahi tuna, the lamb loins, and the short ribs regardless.  Can you really take our criticism seriously if we've essentially licked our plates clean?  I couldn't criticize much:  I love the seared ahi tuna plate, we may go down to city hall and register to marry.All of the salads were innovative and I can def see a few becoming my staples here.  I'm no kale man, but I could be.  It's been a couple of days since trying the beet salad, but I'm going through withdrawal issues.  For those clamoring for a restaurant with a beautiful view of Charlotte's Uptown, look no further... this spot has the best view of Charlotte.   Fahrenheit is hot, and it's only the beginning.dmo out.
5	Went to Fahrenheit for their friends and family night.  First off, how generous of Chef Rocco to go all out!!!  Most soft openings give you limited selections but not him.  The views are phenomenal, the food was fantastic.  Specifically the tomato basil soup, goat cheese salad, and lobster mac!  The staff was also very gracious and friendly.  I can't wait to go back and try the small plates!  This place will be a hit!
4	A Rocco Walen restaurant opens up in the heart of the downtown district sitting on the 22nd floor of the newly opened Hyatt. The expansive layout is decorated with a modern contemporary twist. We went there with a few friends for the friends and family soft opening and the night went well overall. Cocktails are decent. They have a nice selection or local brews. As for the menu, it's definitely pricey but not a surprise given the phenomenal location with sweeping views of downtown Charlotte. The flat bread pizza were delicious. Vegetables, meats and cheese of high quality were used. The tuna in crispy wonton was also but be warned, the chili sauce on top of it was fire!! For entrees had the bone in rib eye which was flavorful but a little over cooked. My friends had the lobster Mac and cheese, seared tuna, the Kobe short ribs and pork shank. All in all the food was very flavorful and delicious. There were some execution errors on a few but that is expected with a restaurant that just opened its door doing their first test run. Would I recommend this restaurant?!! Of course, I'm sure Rocco and staff will get the kinks worked out very soon and the food will be on point. As for the place to seen and be seen, I think Charlotte has just recently opened up its new location with Fahrenheit.
3	Ok, there has to be a first one, so let it be me.  No I am not a friend or family that attended the soft opening.  I had dinner with three friends after reading all the hype on a Tuesday night. Maybe it was the hype, maybe it just wasn't ready.  First the food was good but inconsistent.  My short ribs were over barked and somewhat tough.  The flavors were there in the overall dish but the meat left something to be desired. The scallops and accompaniments were again well flavored but lukewarm to cool at best.  The lamb was again overcooked and served cool.  The salads kale and calamari were all very good.  The bar area, which you see as soon as you walk in looks fun and upscale.  Our dining room however was spartan and sterile with barren walls looking more like it was a restaurant in the Hyatt Place than an upscale eatery atop a uptown building.  Maybe it was the newness but Fahrenheit left us feeling a few degrees short of warm.  I will give it a month to work out the kinks and give it one more chance.
5	Finally had a chance to dine at this lovely rooftop restaurant that I've been asked to go since grand opening.I gave it  ***** STARS, the Hostess were quite friendly and delightful, walked us to our window seating  in front of the fireplace that we could see out the balcony overlooking our beautiful "Queen City".We started out with some appetizers that was recommended to us, wine....it was great except the Ahi Tuna was a little bland to our taste, but the bacon wrap was good.Then not too long, they brought us our bone in ribeye, which was just too fast to come out because we didn't even get to enjoy and finished our appetizer, we were rushed. Our Ribeye was cooked perfect to our liking, one of the best we've had as far as Ribeye goes.Our dessert, we chose milkshake with whip cream...like we need it, also they surprised us with an ice cream and butter milk biscuit...quite tastey.Overall, I'd say WE LIKED IT A LOT AND WE SHALL RETURN.The Staff were fabulous....special thanks to our Hostess, "Kala".
2	This place was such a disappointment.  It really is a beautiful location and great views of the city.  I would go back and have drinks at the bar, but not dinner.  The music was loud even in the main dining room and Katy Perry isn't what I expect to hear over dinner.   We were seated at a table near a door to the outside patio, everyone that worked there was coming in and out and the wind nailed us everytime. I mentioned it to the waiter they were apologetic and eventually moved us, so that was addressed.  We could still feel the cold wind everytime the door was used though.    We had the confit wings, which were good and the Vietnamese spring rolls which were just ok.  My husband had the bone in ribeye special.  It came sitting on a bed of olive oil, a LOT of olive oil, and was topped with some kind of tapenade, this had not been mentioned in the explanation of the dish and it was just strange. The ribeye was supposed to be medium rare but it was so under cooked it was purple, literally raw.   They took it back and it came back so overlooked he just didn't eat it.  Again, they apologized and took that and the apps off the bill.  My pork tenderloin was over cooked and the whipped sweet potatoes were not whipped at all and actually tasted watery, like they had been boiled.  The garlic on the spinach was raw, so really strong. We did enjoy the lobster tail that came with the ribeye.    We had other issues, but these are the highlights. I wish I could say that these were new restaurant kinks that need to be worked out, but even the food that wasn't messed up was underwealming.
2	Beautiful views of the city. New, clean, and "hip." The opportunities? Train the staff and teach hospitality (perhaps this will be ironed out as the restaurant settles in... But any server worth his or her salt should know how to present and pour $150 bottle of wine). Food was solid but nothing to necessarily brag about. Rave reviews of the cuisine from the other restaurant in Cleveland can't quite yet be attributable to Charlotte. Most everything we received from the kitchen was cold or room temperature at best -so hard to make a good judgment on cuisine. I had the pork tenderloin but it was set atop a cold mushy serving of sweet potatoes so tough to taste the flavoring itself. The apps were tasty and salad was fresh. The decor itself is interesting - the fluorescent lights scour the eyes and diminish the elegance. And last. Be prepared to valet your car at the Hyatt downstairs and pay for parking.
1	I made a reservation for my wife's girl friends, a table for 10 and I mentioned three of them are celebrating their bday, which they did not consider having candle for them.I took my wife myself an hour earlier to have a glass of wine with her.The first problem was that I  couldn't find the building entrance and no one mentioned us it would be same entrance as Hyatt hotel. Second of all no one mentioned anything about valet parking, which was not complimentary. It was $10 which with validation will be discount to $7.We told the host we have a reservation in an hour, but for now we want to sit in the bar area and have a glass of wine. It took 10 minutes to be seated and have our wine list. I had a glass of wine and left the restaurant. I hand my ticket to valet and he asked for $7 and I told him I thought the valet was comp and he said he wish.I hand him $10 and he asked me" should I keep the change" which I didn't mind, but I thought it was unprofessional. And then he ask on of his guy and they bring my car and of course I know that I have to tip him. In the other hand my wife and her friends are getting to get her and being seated on the table which 5 of them sit face to wall, which was not what we were told. They said they have 360* view.Their food was ok, nothing to brag about.And at the end, they charge my wife's credit card about $750 instead $90 .I noticed it couple days after when I was checking my credit card online. They had couple other mistake that they charged them more than they should.I called and I talked to a manager name Chris and he act so cool,like it is not a big deal and he tells me when you stop by next time I buy you a couple drink. I  told him this is not a way to talk to customer while you had a huge mistake in your business and services. I hope Roco come to himself and have some adult running his business.Thank you
3	I hate giving this beautiful bar/restaurant only three stars but the service is way below par.  Did not even receive a smile at the bar.  Went on a Thursday night and the bar wasn't that crowded.  Took forever for someone to make eye contact with me ... let alone receive service.  Bartenders were not friendly or hospitable.  This bar could easily receive 5 stars with better service.  The drinks were good ... the food looked amazing ... and the views are phenomenal.  Service needs to improve for me to come back and to suggest this place to others.
5	1.) Food is DELICIOUS and extremely well priced. We usually eat very fine dining, and I was shocked at the prices of the food here for how delightful it was. 2.) Bartenders and servers are GREAT! You can either come here for just drinks, snacks, or full blown dinner and they are extremely helpful.3.) LOCATION is incredible. Beautiful rooftop restaurant with outside patio, floor to ceiling windows, great lighting.All around fantastic restaurant! Favorite so far in Charlotte
3	Delicious cocktails! This will be a hot spot now that the weather is warming up for sure. I wish they had outdoor seating to soak in the view and provide additional space. Valet is $10 - $7 if you validate. I parked in a lot a few feet from the valet for $6- if possible I would recommend walking on taking the train as the entrance was a bit tricky to find. I will come back and sample the food - just enjoyed well mixed drinks after work.
2	Pretty disappointing overall. The hype was huge and not one bit of the experience held up to what I expected. In summary it felt like a hotel restaurant(ironic the building  is now a hotel) without the constancy  of good food. Oh did I mention it will cost you double what it should? Should be a 1 star, but the views are nice so I'm going with a 2.Service - Sat for 3-5 minutes with many servers walking past us with no acknowledgement. Finally our server shows up to take our drink order. Don't see him for another five minutes and then returns with no drinks. Starts to explain the appetizers, but fumbles up what ingredients or items are available multiple times. Put in the recommend appetizer that was suggested. It came out amazingly fast, but wait where are my drinks? Oh there they are.. after 15 minutes of sitting. Keep repeating this with every course - slow, doesn't know the menu, etc. I didn't even get to order a second round.Food - Appetizer was okay, but nothing special considering it was $22. Girlfriend and I are huge steak fans so she went with the Sirlon with Au jus. I went with the more expensive bone in aged steak. Her steak was cooked as requested(medium rare.) My steak was a mix of well done and uncooked? The outside was some what charred while the center was purple. Both tasted bland and just did not impress either of us. The mashed potatoes were good.. actually they were the best part of the entire experience! Save yourself a large sum of money and just do drinks to see the view. Go eat at all the better restaurants in uptown 4 times with the money you will save on a meal here.   I still feel ripped off - diners remorse? That's a first for me.
5	Having recently located to Charlotte from Los Angeles, I'm going through restaurant withdrawal. Not that there aren't good joints here, of course, but compared with LA's crazily inventive and always-dynamic scene, Charlotte's been a bit of an adjustment. That's why I'm glad that Fahrenheit's on the scene. It's out there taking some chances - bringing some Asian elements here, dashing in some Southern style cooking there, but pulling it off with some well-executed flair that hitherto hadn't quite made it to the Queen City. Service is pretty solid for a restaurant of its newness and size and, frankly,  it's leaps and bounds over most other places I've been during my five months here in town. Food standouts here include the inventive cocktail list (very few joints here in town are similarly daring); the ramen (I mean, it's probably the only place to get that outside of Musashi, and the view at Fahrenheit is better than the Ballantyne strip mall that place occupies); the sashimi appetizer; the pork tenderloin; the all-day braised bacon and grits; and the short ribs. I give it a solid four stars and an additional fifth for the potential that I see.Oh, and one other thing - step up your game, Charlotte. This is a nice new place with a great view. Don't show up in your cargo jorts and flip-flops. Have some pride.
1	We had reservations for 5 at 7:30 PM to celebrate our son's 27th birthday. We arrived 30 minutes early to have cocktails and take in the view. Checked in with the hostess who said to return at 7:30 and our table would be ready. We returned to her at 7:30 at their table was not ready until 8 PM. We were crowded at a table originally set for 4 with one of us (myself, the host) seated at the end of the table in the middle protruding into the aisle where I was constantly jostled by waitstaff for the entire evening. It would be of interest to note here that a local VIP and his party of 4 was seated at a table set for 6 approximately 5 minutes after us.First comment...this is the noisiest restaurant in which I have ever dined. Conversation at our table was impossible without shouting and even then strained and difficult. Sitting at the end of the table, somewhat isolated, I finally gave up. We ordered appetizers which were served almost immediately, while we still had our menus, which essentially covered the tabletop, leaving no room for the food and were given no plates for sharing the appetizers. One of the appetizers was billed as "bacon and grits". It was a 1x1x3" piece of barely cooked pig fat swimming in watery grits...inedible and disgusting. We were never served bread until we asked for it, after noticing several other tables with bread and despite there being bread plates in place for each of us. Suffice it to say it was not served with a "happy heart" by the wait staff.After ordering our entrees, we waited nearly an hour for them to be served. When we asked about them, they were brought out within 1 minute...tepid, not close to warm.I ordered scallops and noted there were 4 on my plate. My wife ordered the same and only received 3. They were tasty...nothing special...especially lukewarm.When we were almost done with our meal, and sensing we were dissatisfied, the manager brought out 2 side dishes gratis. TWO OF OUR PLATES HAD ALREADY BEEN CLEARED FROM THE TABLE!! Seriously?The manager forgave a large part of our check, but that will never make up for the loss of what my wife and I intended to be a very special evening for our son during a rather difficult time in his life on that one night when we wanted him to have a wonderful evening and enjoy a little break from his stresses. We will never return.
5	Great atmosphere. Excellent food, everything we had was to die for: try the dates!
3	Summary: Awesome menu but food was poorly executed. Good service, tasty cocktails and local beers. GREAT view and ambience. Parking too expensive.Details: Came here on a Wednesday night for a 6:45 reservation. First impression was of a packed and energetic bar scene and an incredible view of downtown. We waited 10-15 minutes for a table, even though we had a reservation, and even though there were at least a half dozen tables visibly open. Kinda annoying, but fine.Got seated with a menu, wine list, and cocktail/draft list. Waiter and a trainee came over within 2 minutes to welcome us and get drink orders. Shortly after he put the drink order in, he came back to go over specials and get appetizer order. We got the lobster roll appetizer, which came out pretty quickly. The flavor was great and it was perfectly dressed, but the bread tasted more stale than toasted, and the lobster-to-bread ratio was a bit low. For entrees my wife went with the king crab ramen w/ pork belly ($42) and I got the 45-day dry aged strip steak ($49). The ramen broth was awesome--not too salty, with the perfect amount of truffle. Unfortunately it was light on king crab considering the price, and the pork belly was somehow overcooked and tough, yet also too fatty and not seared at all. The steak, which was ordered medium-rare, came out a solid medium and the fingerling potatoes (all 2 of them) were cold. The server agreed and promptly put in another order. 2nd steak was perfectly cooked when I first cut into it, yet I quickly found out that one side of it was actually more overcooked than the first one. On the plus side, part of the steak was great and this time they added a few extra fingerling potatoes. But it definitely wasn't a $49 entree, so at that price it was very disappointing.The server was extremely apologetic about the steak and the manager came over and also apologized, and even offered us a complimentary dessert to make up for it. We got the Milk and Cookies (normally $8), which was supposed to be a chewy and decadent chocolate chip cookie served in a mini cast iron pan, and so rich and delicious that it comes with a small carafe of farm fresh milk. However it came out luke warm, overcooked, and honestly no tastier than a tollhouse cookie. At that point when they asked how dessert was, we just lied and said it was good. I was tired of complaining and my wife was embarrassed.Why 3 stars when we clearly weren't impressed with the food? Because the service was good, they owned up to their mistakes, the menu and flavors were both strong, and the ambience and view were top notch. The kitchen simply didn't execute, which in the end can make or break your entire meal.
1	Welcome to another "Hype of Charlotte!" Here is the "chronicle" of the night:It's my good friend's birthday coming up and he wanted to get dinner here. I went online, made a reservation for 8:15pm last night. I also browsed their menu online, thus I know this is a pretty pricey joint. The funny thing to me is that their seafood entrees are better priced than their meat entrees ($20s vs $30-40s). I don't have problem with the price for as long as the food and service are up to par.I guess the night was doomed before it even began. I called ahead trying to make sure I know where to park. No answer. Well, I know my way around uptown fairly well, so I figured it should be pretty easy to spot the parking garage. So this forever-been-abandoned-building-formerly-known-as-The-Park does NOT have a public garage that I could see. I drove around that block of Caldwell @ 3rd/4th Street 2.5 times and it's simply baffling how to get in there. I ended up parking on the street at the meter (which is free after 6pm during the week). AND the main entrance to the building faces in away from the main street (Caldwell) next to a gravel parking lot. It's the most bizarre setup just to get into the place.Once I walked through the sliding door to the building (which is also partly a hotel), I saw 2 valets sitting on their behinds. Well, I guess that may have explained the parking fiasco... they probably should have been outside by the door so at least we had a valet option. It wasn't even cold. Then we got "ordered" to use the elevator on the right by the door lady because the elevators weren't clearly marked.22 floors upward later, we walked into Fahrenheit. Looking into the bar area, I could see the appeal. There were big windows/doors opened up to the balcony area, the breeze was coming in to the bar. The lights of the beautiful city skyline in front of it. BUT it's nothing a nice hotel in a bigger city where it's typical to have a roof top bar couldn't offer. So this is the 1st establishment in Charlotte that offers it... it just details how behind Charlotte can be (as much as I love my adopted hometown).Hostess apparently was in crisis mode with another patron who placed a to-go order. From the sound of it, this lady placed an order over an hour ago, and the food still wasn't ready. She must be staying at the hotel, because she said she was tired and she just wanted food and if it's not already cooked, she's fine not eating at this point. YIKE! Not a good sign... shouldn't a situation like this be handled professionally AWAY from the front door by a manager???? We got seated promptly, to the left of the entrance, in a side dining area. We walked by several big tables (6+ top). We ended up at a  2-top table in between two big parties. I felt very squeezed in. And by gosh, there was no air circulation. For those who know me personally, you know I am NOT a high maintenance person. But no one should feel uncomfortable in any restauarant, let alone a high end establishment. And NO ONE greeted us. There was no water. Nothing, nada.By now my friend and I just looked at each other and contemplating leaving. The waiter who was busy handling one of the big tables next to us finally turned to us and acknowledged the fact that we were there. At this point we decided to move ourselves to the bar area. I stopped by the hostess station to inform her of our move. She smiled and said that's ok. Well, call me crazy, but shouldn't that be a hint that something went wrong? In that case, shouldn't a manager be informed that guests just moved themselves to the bar for unknown reasons? And thus shouldn't a manager stop by to at least inquire and pretend it mattered?? Instead we got a visit from a waitress. She asked if we didn't get any service, which we said yes. She then said she was afraid that was the case because she saw us and she was about to come over to take care of us. I don't know if it was a case of concern, or a case of table section turf war.The bartender was... present. That's the best description I could muster. He was there, but he wasn't friendly or attentive. He got us our drinks, took our food order and efficient. Food... finally we got to the food. At this point we didn't know if ordering food was a good idea. We talked about going to another place for dinner. But we ended up order the lobster sandwiches ($13) and spring rolls ($9). Food arrived in RECORD TIME. I meant, we ordered, food came. It felt more like the food was already done and we just happened to order it. Food was ok at best. There were 2-3 small pieces of lobster meat on each of the 3 sliders. The minced chicken in the spring rolls were a little dry. 4 drinks (3 Jim Beam & Coke = $28.50 and 1 Chenin Blanc $8) and 2 small plates set me back $73. It was the worst $73 I spent. Words of advise: just because it's new, has pretty view, has a chef's name attached to it does NOT make it a great restaurant automatically.They have much works to do.
1	Being a vegetarian, my first experience at this place for a friend's birthday dinner was very disappointing.  I ended up ordering the cauliflower ($9) which was dressed up in oil, few capers & slithers of Parmesan cheese....definitely not work the $9 and tax and tip on top of that. I was told by the waiter the chef can make a vegetarian lo mein, however I wasn't going to pay $25 (I'm guessing that's how much it would have been) for noodles and veggies.  I'm all about paying money for delicious food (vegetarian) but just because a top chef is making the food doesn't mean its the best for everyone.  The girls at the table ordered salmon and scallops which they loved, so I would recommend it to the meat eaters out there, if they are willing to put out the cash. The view of the city was nice but that's about all for me.  And yes, the drink prices are also expensive and dessert menu is bleak.  I agree with another review about Fahrenheit being the hype of Charlotte but doesn't meet the expectations. One more thing, if you do valet parking you'll pay $7 for it.  I will not be returning to this place for dinner or drinks.
1	Short story: Horrible experience, left after two poor drinks and an app. I'm usually not a leave in the middle of a meal person, especially when trying a new place but it was my birthday and this was completely unacceptable. My boyfriend and I were very excited to try Fahrenheit for the first time and decided to make a reservation for my birthday on a Wednesday evening. Reviews were pretty mixed from our friends so far... good drinks, overpriced, amazing view. We made a reservation for 7:30, were promptly seated and greeted when we arrived. I noted on the Open Table reservation that it was a birthday celebration, but this was never mentioned... some restaurants are better at that than others. We were shown to a decent table, away from the window but still with a view. The sun was directly in my face but I thought that's all part of the "experience" - right. Our water glasses were filled, but we waited about 10 minutes before a server even acknowledged. She finally did with a "uhhh am I your server??" Ok. We ordered two martinis with blue cheese olives and asked for recommendations on the smalls plates. She said the lobster roll was definitely one of her favorites so we put in that order as well. Drinks were finally brought over - a little over halfway full at best - mine with 1 olive. The cherry on top so to speak though, was definitely that the glasses were DIRTY. You are a NEW restaurant. I can look past 1 bad drink.... but cleanliness or lack thereof is unacceptable. Lobster roll arrived promptly... they were very underwhelming. The presentation was bad, the bread was cold, there was no lobster compared to the price. At this point, we both looked over at each other and just said, let's get the check. It wasn't worth spending an additional $150+ on entrees for a so-so meal. When we asked for the check, the server never asked or seemed to care why we were leaving... not exactly the high touch experience you are looking to create. You live and you learn, we got out still with $62 inc parking down the drain... but made it it time over to a much better birthday celebration spot!!
5	Came here with a large group of friends for a birthday, we were last minute on the planning and the restaurant was fully booked but the bartenders made our night so special. The bartenders, Mike and Andrew saw our struggle with seats and they gave us our own little section at the bar, they were so engaging and professional, the drinks were perfect and the food was exceptional. I highly recommend dinner at the bar, best view, best service!
5	Absolutely beautiful view of Charlotte from the 21st floor and delicious food. Menu was creative and featured many locally sourced ingredients. We had our Easter brunch/lunch at Fahrenheit and were pleased with our meals (see pics). I will say the only thing I would throw a "caution flag" on was the price. It was quite expensive to say the least, particularly for lunch. It was 80 bucks for 2 entrees (one of which was a salad with salmon), 1 coffee and 1 mimosa. Just know this before going to avoid sticker shock. Other than that, fantastic service, delicious food and a nice ambiance. Oh, and did I say beautiful view???
4	We went to eat there with friends on  Saturday evening before a concert. We were there around 615 and we were able to get seats right away. I felt the hostess was very attentive and the waiter came right over. The wine list was on the small side for that type of high end restaurant but we tend to like bargains and don't drink high end when we go to restaurants. We save that for home. TIP :  They serve their wines by the glass by the bottle. You have to ask. So we got a Hahn Cab for $34. Like we said we are cheap. Lol. Anyway, the 4 of us ordered Two appetizers and two entrees. We got the meat/cheese plate $12 which I thought was a nice amount. The lobster rolls were really good. For entrees, we ordered the coffee crusted pork tenderloin with mashed sweet potatoes and they got the lamb roast. I thought the pork tenderloin was the best. Overall I was very impressed with the food and service. Can't wait to go back!
5	Sitting at this bar is amazing...bartenders like Maj and tiffany are the reason I come here because they r both attentive and fun.  Even the kitchen went out of their way to put pineapple on my pizza because I requested it and they don't normally so that.  This place has quickly become my favorite place to hang out on date night :)
1	I was unimpressed.   So what your chef Rocco, the chef at Firebirds kicks your ass.  The view, amazing.  You'll get over that in about 5 minutes.  The lay out, awesome.   Great design, Open floor plan plus additional inside seating.  Parking - a hassleService - small bar can't accommodate patrons, resulting in extreme waits for service.  (10 minutes per drink - 20 minutes to close tab)Best view in the house is on the patio.  And I refuse to sit at a bar and eat a $45 steak.  Drink Prices- ludicrous - Grey Goose Cosmo $19.  Ciroc rocks - $16.  Food - Great tasting, tiny portions.   This place will definitely have a CTJ meeting and revamp their entire philosophy, or it'll be dead in 6-months, or they'll shut down and reopen under than name Celsius.
1	Horrible bartending service. Over-priced drinks, $36 for two redbull and vodkas. It took about 15 minutes before I had my drink, they were not busy. The only decent thing was the fact that it was a roof top bar overlooking tiny downtown Charlotte.
5	Amazing!  Had the mushroom pizza, grilled cauliflower, shwezwan green beens, kale salad and lobster mashed potatoes. It was really outstanding and it was so good - tonight was my second night in a row.  Even with overcast and clouds, the view on the deck is very nice. The bar staff needs work.  The bartenders were polite but not friendly, not engaging and didn't smile. Is that too much to ask?  The bar should be staffed with pretty people who are dynamic and engaging and crack a smile!  Aside from the automatons behind the bar, everything else was stellar.  Because the food was that good, it made up for the bar staff. I highly recommend before it get's too hot to hang on the roof top deck.
5	YUMMMMM!!!! Love the view, love the food. Advised to get the surf and turf and was blown away by the presentation.Don't be worried when you get in the elevator with a bunch of Jersey Shore looking teeny boppers, they crowd in at the bar and leave the diners alone.
4	I read and heard numerous things about this restaurant before giving it a shot finally. New restaurants are bound to have service issues. Everyone is just trying their best. So I decided to give this place a shot on Saturday. We squeezed in a 6:30 reservation and were all so excited to give this place a shot. The parking is a bit tricky and the building faces into the city (not the street) so even finding the building can prove a bit tricky. They have valet which is usually your best bet although I don't know if it is complementary or not. When we got in the building luckily we just followed someone to the right elevator. It is the far elevator and you go to the 21st floor. As soon as you step out the view is lovely. The bar is sunken into the floor and when the weather is warm they open all the doors and the guests spill onto the exterior patio. It's equipped with fire pits and comfy couches for the masses and I imagine during the warmer months this place will be packed. For an appetizer we had the calamari salad. So good. It had a little spice to it and the salad it comes with is delicious! Wine list was reasonably priced for the selection. For entrees I had the lobster Mac and cheese which I thought was a little over priced for what you get but all portions are of good sizes and I found service to be on par with other fine dining restaurants in the area. Kevin was knowledgable and friendly and enhanced the experience. I would like to give this bar a try again and maybe sit outside on the patio!
5	Amazing Atmosphere! Fantastic Food! Superb Service! Overall experience.....I was beyond impressed and I am a perfectionist! On Saturday evening, I hosted a surprise 40th birthday in the private room. Chef Rocco took the time to greet our guest and made the entire evening perfectly perfect! From the atmosphere to our personal bartender to the display of food the night could not have gone better.
5	Wow!  This place is amazing!  The food is wonderful but the view can't be beat!  Please take my advice and get the sweet potato biscuits with the lobster sausage gravy!  They are to die for!  I got the lobster Mac and cheese which was more like lobster bisque over noodles but still amazing and my boyfriend got the mustard and coffee crusted pork tenderloin which was also wonderful.  Also the Szechuan green beans for a side are very good!  We didn't have one bad thing to say about the restaurant but after spending almost 150 dollars on two people the valet should have been complimentary, but we still payed 10 and tipped 5.  So maybe they could change that.
2	I wish I had the energy to spend 30 minutes or so writing a review about this place but I don't, so I will sum it up in a few words. Food: Overpriced for what you get. Use of Butter is never a substitute for real culinary skills. Atmosphere: Great view but interior design and poor lighting distract. Needed to spend some money on quality furniture, design, and lighting. Crowd: Wants to be seen at the latest spot and could care less about the food. Chef: Who cares. Should spend more time in the kitchen and less walking around the dining floor. Staff: Not polished. Needs more experience. Overall spent $140 + on two glasses of wine, one appetizer, and two entrees. Won't be doing it again!
2	Great view, but drinks are very pricey. $11 for crown & ginger and $8 for OMB copper.
5	So, I didn't have really high hopes for this place going in because a lot of the reviews I read were mediocre to good .. but not like GREAT.I would say this place is great.  Maybe I lucked out with my order?  I sat at the bar and had appetizers and drinks.  We asked the bartender what was good and he directed us to a number of appetizers/small plates that were insanely delicious!  If you go, try at least one of either the chorizo bacon wrapped dates and/or the sweet potato biscut with lobster (both were fantastic).  Then on the ligher side we also tried to seared tuna wontons, which were less rich but equally good.Obviously, atmosphere at this place cannot be beat, you can see the entire city skyline.  Gorgeous, especially now that it's summer and the weather is so nice in the evenings.
5	Everyone and their brother recommended Fahrenheit, so I chose that for my birthday dinner. It also did not disappoint. The food was perfect, the service was excellent. But even if both had sucked, the view of our beautiful city would have helped make up for it.Graham ordered beer, I had a cocktail, the '2nd Ward', and it was made of Muddy Rivers Rum, fresh pineapple juice, Rotham and Winter Orchard Apricot, & Kassatly Chtaura Orgeat, and it was delicious. It wasn't overly strong or super sweet.For an appetizer, we had the Ahi Tuna Wontons with pickled and candied Fresno peppers and peach. I loved this, Graham wasn't as impressed. He said his bites didn't have any flavor. I thought it was a wonderful combination of spicy and sweet; but it could have used a little more salt. He also picked his cilantro off and gave it to me, so I have no sympathy for him...Some of the reviews for Fahrenheit complained about portion sizes, so I was a little concerned before we ordered. Portion sizes are always something I worry about. I don't want a meal so huge I feel miserable, but I want more than one scallop, two mushrooms and a piece of asparagus (*ahem* Savoy 1620 *ahem*). When our meals came out, my fears were laid to rest. Both of our dinners were good sized portionsFor my main course, I had the salmon (of course). This was King Salmon, with wasabi mashed potatoes, blood orange saikyo miso and pickled cucumbers and carrots. This was AMAZING. The salmon was huge and perfectly cooked. The potatoes had just a hint of wasabi, but not enough to be overwhelming. I gave Graham a bite, and all the flavors together reminded him of a sushi roll.Graham had one of their specials: the tempura scallops. This came with asparagus, fennel and a tomato aioli and was just as delicious as my salmon. I've never had fried scallops before, but they were wonderful. The scallops were huge & perfectly cooked, and the aioli was the perfect compliment.This is an excellent place for a special dinner. The service was excellent, the food was amazing, and you can not beat the view.
2	A great place for a nice drink and en even nicer view. I visited Fahrenheit with a group of friends this Spring. It was the perfect meeting spot since it overlooked a city I have never been to. The bar had a great selection of local beers and I enjoyed said beer until the fire alarm went off.Yes, there was a fire alarm going off while I was at a restaurant called Fahrenheit and no, this wasn't a theme.  We had to walk down about 24 flights of stairs with our drinks in our hands only to find out it was a false alarm. Great cardio workout but not a great way to enjoy a drink. Was expecting a free drink on the house for the hassle, but not even so much as an apology. Oh well.Best bet: Go here for a nice date night or a fancy dinner. Enjoy a drink before your meal outside. They have a nice set up that makes it feel comfortable indoors or out.
5	This was seriously absolutely fantastic!! I stayed at the Hyatt Place and went up to the bar and ordered my meal to go.I ordered the Salmon with wasabi mashed potatoes (which were to die for, and I don't even like wasabi) and pickled cucumbers, and even though I took this meal to go in a little to-go carton, this was one of the best meals I've ever had in my entire life. Every single piece of the meal had it's own unique flavor, and I didn't want to stop eating even though I was completely stuffed full. I 100% recommend this restaurant to ANYONE!! View is also incredible if you're eating at the restaurant - even at the bar it's beautiful!I never write reviews but this one was totally worth it... AMAZING!!!!
2	A View - Best in Charlotte. The interior is gorgeous too.C Food - I found thick, tiny black hairs in one of my side dishes (seriously, is this a chin hair?)...I thought perhaps it was my linen or not what I originally thought...I picked it out. I later found two more. I would skip appetizers here (underwhelming/money waster) and just get an entree. Also, I am never going to pay $42 for a bowl of ramen. (I can only imagine myself paying $42 for family style shabu-shabu, and to justify that price it'd have to feed three people.)D Service - Our waiter's presence at our table was sparse. TRUTH BE TOLD: The king salmon is tits-out-amazing.I'll be back for the view (the draw/overcompensation for this restaurant) and an overpriced cocktail. I'll skip dinner.
1	What a disappointment.  View was great but air conditioning didn't work.  And they knew it yet stayed open and charged $30-$40 per plate.  No warning before.  Nothing.And the food was lackluster at best.A huge waste of time.  CLT has MUCH better.
4	So sad that on a Wednesday night, when the bar seems busy, they close at 11pm! I mean, I get it, you gotta close earlier on the weekdays... but I just wanna enjoy my late night drink! We were the jerks who came in at around 5 minutes to 11pm, but they were kind enough to serve us and let us chill outside to enjoy the beautiful downtown view. Not only do you get that beautiful view, but it's really a pretty patio too. With a modern chic fire burning and outdoor seating to cozy up on. My Aviation was perfection too. Only wish I had time to get another one!
5	Delicious! The lobster rolls tasted like I was in New England and the dates were insane. We had hanger steaks, scallops, halibut and the king crab ramen for dinner, yum! It is pricey but worth if  - especially the pop rock chocolate!
2	I'll be back for the view and a drink. Unfortunately, the entrees were average and the service was awful! A good place to go when you are looking for a fun time! But, definitely don't attend when you want to impress with good food and drinks, choose else where!
4	Nothing like restaurant week to give you an opportunity to try a fancy, expensive restaurant on the cheap. That's what the wife and I did along with another couple. I had looked at the menu and read the reviews good and bad, but we had to try it out for ourselves. The wife and I were running a little late, so our friends had a chance to get a drink and check out the outside patio and they reported enjoying both with the exception of the $12 for a Jim Beam on the rocks.I think that there may be other parking options, but we chose to valet at the building itself, which was $7. That's the reduced price from $10 since we were eating at the restaurant. The elevator ride to the 21st floor was a quick and we finally made it to our table, which gave us a view into the kitchen and expediting area. The decor itself was nice but nothing really special. I didn't really get a sense of the bar area but it seemed popular. Once we ventured outside, after our meal, we got the sense of why Fahrenheit is special and it's definitely the views of Uptown from the outside patio deck. On to the food, they offered the full menu along with the $30 restaurant week menu, but everyone at the table opted for the 3 course offer. As appetizers, we covered 3 options at the table, mix green salad, sausage and biscuit, and the chicken spring rolls. All 3 offered offered great portion sizes, even the sausage and biscuit was almost entree size. Everyone was pleased at the table flavor wise. For entrees again, we covered 3 choices, king salmon, scallops and pork tenderloin. The chosen temperatures for the salmon and the pork were well executed and all plates came with good portions of accompanying side vegetables. The cauliflower was a great combo with the scallops as was the sweet potato and pork and again with the salmon and wasabi mashed potato. Everyone enjoyed all the flavors and agreed that the plates were very well balanced. Everyone further agreed that we look forward to a return visit. The only dessert option was a peach cake with vanilla ice cream which was a nice way to end the meal. As mentioned before, we did go hang out on the patio and see the view of the uptown skyline.The main knock on the evening for me was the service which in my opinion was a little chaotic and clumsy at times. They were busy due to restaurant week, but I would expect a little better considering the quality of the food and price point. We got off easy due to the $30 menu, but Fahrenheit is definitely a special occasion place based on price. They do have bar bites I believe and some pizzas to share that could help you experience the food in a cheaper manner. We may just do that next time we visit.
1	I was under the impression that this was an upscale restaurant.  Don't get me wrong, the food was good, but the service on the other hand was horrible.  It was also extrememly loud.  We were seated at a four top and could barely hear each other talk.  The server took awhile to greet us.  It seemed as though she may have had too many tables and was sat multiple tables at the same time.  We ordered a bottle of white wine and we were not offered a wine chiller.  She did not check back after the food was delivered to ask us how the food was.  When she was clearing plates, she had us hand them to her rather than walking around and picking them up.  There were tables that sat down after us that had received their dessert and check before us.  The dessert was supposed to come with ice cream and there was no ice cream to be seen.  When we questioned the server, she indicated that they ran out.  Were you going to tell us or offer us something else??  It took us over two hours for four of us to have dinner.  We are not slow eaters, but felt like we were waiting around for the server to come back to our table.  We do not feel as though she gave us adequate attention.  I expected a higher quality of service from this particular restaurant.  I have been a server before and I know that it is not easy; however, you expect the basics of serving to be demonstrated at a restaurant that strives to be in the top tier.
3	So this is a tough review... I hate giving mediocre ratings, but I'm going to do my best to explain why I feel that this restaurant only deserves three stars.  Point blank, the only reason it got three is because of the view.My disclaimer is that we did eat here during restaurant week.  I asked one of our waiters if he was overwhelmed because of how many people were there and he said no, that they had about 400 people on the books tonight (Wednesday) but that on the weekends it's closer to 600.  He said, "if I'm not crying I'm doing okay" -- haha... (insert terrified face here).PROS:* The view cannot be matched.  Seriously, you should go there just to get drinks and watch the sunset.  Absolutely breathtaking - and they even have their own garden on the terrace!* Our waitress was very sweet, not the most attentive person, but still very nice.* The mixed drinks looked great!CONS:* We made reservations for 9pm, showed up 30 minutes early to get a drink and take in the view and we still didn't get seated until 9:25pm.* As a follow up to the previous bullet they tried to put us at a table literally next to the back kitchen door that was in front of a drink station so we couldn't see outside (WHAT) - so I asked if we could move over at least one table so we were not in the kitchen.  They obliged... but what made me mad is that there were other tables open by the windows!  If you are a restaurant known for your view you should seat people as close to the window as possible at all times!  Common sense here.* The food - listen, I know it's restaurant week and you are very busy... but you only give people three options - so you should be able to whip up those three options with   accuracy, grace and beauty fairly quickly.  The food was downright not good.  I got the fried goat cheese appetizer (which is an enormous plate of baby arugula, one decent piece of fried goat cheese and a few bits of pistachio brittle, extremely dry croutons and some tart cherry jam (not impressive).  More is not always better, especially when it comes to lettuce (this is a theme with this place - stay tuned).  My second course was the King Salmon - wasabi mashed potatoes, blood orange, saikyo miso, and pickled cucumbers  My BIGGEST issue was the fact that they put mixed green lettuce between the hot potatoes and hot salmon so it wilted (gross) and I had to pick it all off.  The second issue was the complete overload of sauce.  The cucumbers were soggy and looked as sad as I was.  As a whole, not great at all.  Last was the sweet cake dessert, it was some sort of cupcake like creation with caramel sauce on top and vanilla bean ice cream.  The cake was a little too sweet, but the ice cream was awesome.Needless to say I'm glad we went on restaurant week and I didn't pay the full price of $25 for the soggy salmon.  There is a chance that restaurant week threw them off their game, but truth be told I don't feel sorry for them.  This is your chance to bait and lure a TON of people back to your restaurant.  Step your game up son!  Cam Newton would be disappointed!
5	Best service ever. The food was amazing.  Jasmine is an awesome server!  Chris Danko, the manager, is one of the best managers I have ever encountered at a restaurant.  He went above and beyond for us.  The view is beautiful.  Blown away!
4	Great food with an even greater view, that was only diminished by the loud noisy environment. Perfect service.
4	Fantastic food and serviceVery vibrant atmosphere,  incredible views and easy access with affordable valet parking.  Loved it
5	I have been staying in the hotel off and on for the few months. I tend to sit at the bar and chat with the bartenders . They are always amazing, and always make me feel welcome! I dine out in lots of towns, the guest service is outstanding!
3	My boyfriend and I went here for restaurant week. We had an early seating and the service was very quick. We had the chicken spring rolls and salad followed by the salmon and pork tenderloin. Everything was good but nothing was amazing. For a restaurant of this price range, I typically expect something to be amazing but that didn't happen. We also had cocktails--the spicy Charlotte and whiskey business. They were interesting but again not something I would go back for.As far as the atmosphere --it seemed night club like. A lot of the decor looked kinda cheap and like it would look much better in dim lighting. Again this seemed weird for a high end restaurant. Overall, I think this place has a lot of potential but for right now I would just go back for the view. Maybe this place is better outside of restaurant week but in my opinion they should try to serve something that temps you to come back.
4	Not bad at all! Charlotte is a small city that loves big city things, and Fahrenheit definitely has the feel of a big city restaurant. I've had the opportunity to dine here a couple times and I have more positives than negatives to share about the place. Great ambiance if you're looking for a loud, lively venue, and a nice view of the city. They have a pretty nice cocktail menu and an alright list of wines by the glass. The food - some items are great, and some mediocre. I was not impressed with their ahi tuna or cauliflower appetizers, but I did enjoy the chorizo stuffed dates! The kale salad was a good size, but lacked in flavor. In the main course the halibut was absolutely delicious, the spice grilled lamb loin was great but the king crab ramen was kinda boring (I had high expectations from this dish!). The fungi pizza was yum, and oh I almost forgot to mention the honey whipped herb butter that comes with the bread - amazing. And finally, the rice pudding dessert was less than memorable. All in all I think there were some amazing items on the menu, while there were some that weren't worth the high $$ you were paying! I'd recommend this restaurant for a good weekend dinner with friends or family, a celebratory get together perhaps, or perhaps for their chic bar if you're looking for a hip place to enjoy a fewCocktails!
5	Great atmosphere, extremely upscale and exquisite cuisine. My wife and I had a reservation at 915 pm and we arrived at 830 pm. We took about 50 pixs outside with beautiful downtown Charlotte as our back drop.  Our waiter, Edward P, was extremely helpful and knowledgable with selecting drinks, appetizer, and entrees.  Lastly, This place was jammed pack and a reservation  is highly encouraged; grown and sexy is the best attire
3	Great atmosphere. I could stop there. The service was average. The food was good, I had the kale salad and we all split a few appetizers. I would say the bacon wrapped stuffed dates are a must!!! The short ribs (that I snuck a bite of) were fabulous as well. Food and drinks are slightly overpriced probably due to the location. Parking is confusing and valet is recommended. I wouldn't suggest to go back because there are so many great restaurants in Charlotte that provide the entire package. It would help if there staff smiled a tad bit more.
5	I stopped in here for an early Sunday dinner at 4pm. They had just opened and the restaurant was empty. I can't remember the name of our waitress, but she was excellent. She provided good suggestions and was very attentive. When she overheard us talking about the difference between fresh and store-bought eggs, she gave us the number to the local source for eggs that the restaurant uses. She also took our pictures outside against the skyline when we asked her.The food was expensive, but I thought it was delicious. For a rooftop restaurant, I would think expensive prices are to be expected. The view was amazing and I can see myself going back again sometime.By the time we left the restaurant had filled up a little bit, with some people eating outside and at the bar.
1	Writing this review as I sit in the restaurant.  The service has been terrible.  I'm here with a large group so slower service is to be expected, it's been an hour!  The waiter is a stickler who got on the birthday girl for mingling with her guests. Same waiter dropped a calamari dish on the birthday girl and a guest!  The food is mediocre and over salted. Terrible, won't be back.
1	Food was not tasty. Either too salty or too sweet. Soup was not good. Here for a birthday party which was ruined due to server dropping calamari on the birthday girls and guests. Service was terribly slow. Desert was ok but selection was not. Would not come again.
1	I am a huge panthers fan. We lost tonight 30-7. This wasn't the worst part of my night. Food was terrible. Service was terrible. Drinks were below average. Save your money and try something else.
1	Food was not good. Service was horrible, waited an hour for the check. For the price expect much better. Vanilla ice cream was above average. Will not come again ever. Two friends got showered in calamari from the unsteady hands of the server.
5	5 stars for the atmosphere and 5 stars for the food. Lobster Mac and cheese is to die for and so Is the steak. Staff is friendly and knowledgable. They have a great wine menu As well. If you're looking for a lively place to start your weekend with an upscale menu and views, then Fahrenheit is the place to be. Be sure to book early. It tends to get booked up quickly. This little note was after two visits and both experiences were comparable.
2	A group of my girl friends (7) went here on a Friday night for a "girls' night out".  We made reservations 4 weeks ahead of time.  My first impression was the drink I got from the bar while waiting for the rest of my party to arrive. It was the Cucumber Hibiscus Collins and it was delicious-this is the only enjoyable part of my night and the only reason for two stars.  Once all of my party arrived, we were whisked to a back room that looked like a large conference room in any ordinary hotel. There were stock photos of the Wells Fargo Building on the wall, conference chairs, bad lighting, and zero ambiance.  We expressed our displeasure with the hostess and was not offered any legitimate reason for the separate room except it was for "large parties."  The view was not of uptown but of the Target and Independence Expressway.  When you are ordering $40+ entrees for a special night out, the ambiance is everything, and it was not what we wanted or expected for a girls' night out. To top everything off, it took 40 minutes for our initial drink order to come, service was slow and unapologetic, and it took another 45 minutes for our waitress to split our check.  Food was so-so.
5	THE place to eat for the most amazing view of the city!!!   This high-rise restaurant is located on the 21st floor of the Hayatt hotel. The view is breathtaking with a glassed patio that wraps around the place.  There are no shortage of places to have a awesome photo taken or even a selfie :-)   I would say to make a reservation if you are really hungry.  The bar and outside patio are first-come, but always full.  The menu has some great choices for appetizers although the "Charlotte Nachos" is a winner every time.  It is humongous and delicious.  Also, I'm not sure what they put in their soda, maybe crack, but is the BEST tasting Pepsi I have ever had.  Their wine options and cocktails are also a must!!  I enjoyed the fried cauliflower with capers and cheese slices.  So, so good!!!  Seasoned to the point that you forget it isn't meat!  And the Vietnamese spring rolls were FULL of chicken and a slight curry flavor that left me wanting more.  In the cooler parts if the afternoon, they open the walls up so there is a nice view and open breeze from the outside.  Don't worry if you get cold easily, there are huge glass fire pits outside to keep you toasty.  This is the happening place to be in Charlotte.  I really enjoyed my experience and will definitely be back!!
1	We left angry and disappointed by the horrible customer service!  A shame, since we'd been very excited to try Fahrenheit after it had been recommended by several friends and the Yelp ratings seemed so positive. We arrived on Sunday night (8/31/14) for our reservation and were shown to a table right next to the kitchen. When we requested to move to a table by the windows or closer to the window to appreciate the view, we were treated extremely rudely and with an unnecessary amount of attitude by the hostess (Cassandra).  Although there were TWO open window tables and it was not crowded at all, Cassandra refused to seat us at those, saying that one was "specifically reserved" and the other was "recommended for a birthday occassion".  Um...not sure what that means, and in any event, our dinner was a birthday occasion too!  By this time TWO more tables had opened up by the windows and she still refused to sit us at one of them.  So really, FOUR open tables and not one of them is available?!  At this point, I asked, "So no matter what other tables open up, you are only offering us [the one by the kitchen]?" To which the response was "yes".  No attempt to try to accommodate our request or to even act like good customer service was a priority!  To be fair, Alex, the other hostess, was nice, and even apologized for Cassandra's behavior.  It's usually not a good sign when one employee apologizes to customers for a colleague...  We left and went to another uptown restaurant where we spent good money.  No view of the city is worth substandard customer service!  (Note that I was really surprised by the rude, almost NYC-like attitude in NC.  Even the best restaurants in New York pride themselves on good customer service.  Luckily, this was the ONLY rude encounter I had when visiting North Carolina.)
3	went here to grab drinks and for the viewkind of lame that you can't stand by the railing to see the view.. you need to stand 3 feet away from the railing...the bartender also messed up my drink order but i couldn't tell the waitress because she was nowhere to be found. when she finally came back, i told her and she said "why didn't you tell me?!" well i would have if you had ever checked up on us!then i was still charged for my incorrect drink... kind of lame.overall, chill place to lounge and grab drinks with friends.
2	This place is definitely still working out some kinks. The bar area is awesome - great view of the city, energetic atmosphere, and the mixed drinks are creative and tasty. I had the Spicy Charlotte and it was SO GOOD! Not to sweet and ends with a kick. For our appetizers we had the seared ahi tuna and vietnamese spring rolls. The tuna was good quality, and prepared as expected; however, the vietnamese spring rolls were not quite what I had in mind. They had curry flavoring which isn't what I would consider a traditional vietnamese spring roll - even though I was surprised, and they were incredibly spicy, they were also very good. For my dinner, I had the halibut. This dish was less than impressive. I didn't think the grapefruit/pickled fennel/arugula/potato/halibut combo was all that pleasing. I left most of my dry halibut and dry potatoes on the plate. Finally, we opted for the "special" for dessert which was chocolate chip donut holes; and, I ordered one of their four port options. Unfortunately, the server came back and indicated that only the most expensive one of the four ports were still available, so I opted out of that... Then, he came back and let us know that they were out of donut holes. It was a Monday night, 9:30PM, house made donut holes - gone. So, we opted out of that... The server was very apologetic, he had only been there for three weeks. However, he's not likely to stick around if he has customers trying to buy things from him, but the kitchen and bar areas aren't prepared to support their menu.
4	I'm gonna keep this short and sweet -- chorizo stuffed dates wrapped in bacon. You're welcome.
2	While the food was great and the view was amazing the customer service was horrible. I work uptown and made the reservations for our 1 year anniversary a month ahead of time. I was highly disappointed. Our waitress was not attentive, she rarely checked on us, she put in a order for a wrong dish that was delivered (which had pork in it and we couldn't eat).....never did she apologize or anything. Unfortunately I will not be returning or recommending to anyone. We looked forward to this all day and the tables surrounding us shared in agreement the service was poor. The food was good. We had the halibut and lamb. Along with the chicken confit.
2	This could have been my go to celebration spot. I wanted to like it so much I went twice, and neither experience was good.The first time I went we made reservations, and we went about an hour early and checked in and grabbed a couple cocktails. At this point we told the hostess that we were happy to eat earlier if a table opened up. We went back a couple minutes before our reservation time to check the wait - and were met with "uhhh a few more minutes." We sat front and center for another 20 minutes at which point we found and complained to a manager. To his credit he sent out a snack, and managed to get us a table with a view within 10 minutes of our complaint. We ordered the lobster rolls (just okay) and the manager sent a complimentary order of bacon wrapped chorizo stuffed dates (amazing). My halibut was just okay, boyfriends lobster Mac and cheese was amazing. We figured maybe they were working out the details the first time we went, we tried again for restaurant week. The spicy cocktail my boyfriend got was so spicy it was unpleasant to drink. We were seated 15 minutes after our reservation time. The menu we were provided was not what was advertised online. When I asked the waitress if they would honor the menu posted on restaurant week's website, she snootily informed me that the menu she gave us was the only option (let me mention here the menu was the same except online it showed a choice of app, choice of salad and entree. In the restaurant you could only choose app or salad, entree and single dessert option, so it shouldn't have been hard to accommodate the request to have an app and salad instead of dessert). When she brought our wine she didn't let us sample it first, and had a huge attitude about refilling the glasses. We had the spring rolls and goat cheese salad (neither was impressive), he had the pork and I had the salmon. Both were good, but not amazing. Neither of us even finished our dessert, it wasn't great.Two stars since some of the food is amazing, but not all. Restaurant is not efficiently run, but a if you get a manager they will try to improve your experience. Overall I didn't think it was worth the money.
2	I made a reservation indicating it was my wife's birthday and our anniversary and ask If they did anything special and they said yes. The server never at least acknowledge our day, which is probably because she was never told. The drinks were outrageous in price, and the food was average at best. My wife's halibut was dry, but had decent intentions with regard to ingredients. My filet was so small for the price, but was a tasty little guy. I did not see any chefs or sous working, which for the price point I expected a expert hand governing food quality. Our server was nice, but never remarked us with new silverware between courses, and our main course came out before we finished with our first course.The staff all seemed a bit stressed or a bit gloomy in spirits. The noise level is off the charts, and should be addressed soon, or it will kill their long term success. I would not come back for dinner, but I would come back for the view and possible appetizers and drinks at bar.
4	Two out of three ain't bad. Food was absolutely delicious and presentation was perfect and added to the dining experience. View are the best in Charlotte. However I should take away more stars because the service was bad, really just felt ignored, however I am giving it the benefit of the doubt because I don't think it was intentional, none the less, spent almost 200 for just two people and felt that we we not a priority.
3	Our server was very friendly and the atmosphere is great. If you get a table by the window or a seat facing the window it is even better! As for the food I can't say anything great. Most dishes sound good and appear "fancy" and we ordered a number of the "absolute favorites" and they were all average or below in my opinion. *The salad was basically a heaping pile of lettuce without much on it but a little drizzle.*The lobster Mac n Cheese was pretty dry and didn't have a lot of flavor. *The spare rib was super fatty, low quality meat.*The ribeye special was dry and pretty bland. In my opinion you pay for the view and that's about the only thing special that this place has. Give me another rooftop in Charlotte and I'll likely have just about no reason to go back.
4	Were visiting from Los Angeles and went here for my birthday dinner. Had drinks at the bar and Laura was very sweet and friendly and made us a good cocktail. We then walked around outside and took photos of the beautiful view! Appetizers my husband ordered the nachos- wow! It could serve atleast 5-6 people. Which i think is wasteful :( i ordered the goat cheese salad and as we are enjoying it they already brought our main course literally without letting us take our time and enjoy our appetizers.  My husband had the 45 day steak and thought it was average and per our bartenders suggestion i had the scallops and lobster mash which was delicious. For dessert our server Clint brought us a brownie/cake with a candle- that is absolutely amazing!!*i think they need to work on timing when bringing out food- i saw they put some appetizers out on the table next to us and the guests were not even there!
4	It's just delicious! The food is very tender and tasteful. We had the short ribs, amazing flavor, and I had the filet which melts in your mouth. Our only criticism is the bartender throwing empty bottles in the trash which is loud and reminiscent of a college bar at 1:00am. We loved the food and the view, it's a definite thumbs up!
3	For the price, I expected more. The ambiance was not as impressive as I thought a roof top restaurant would be. The hostess was unattentive and the staff did not treat us as valued guests. Not to say the service was bad, but that there was nothing to write home about. After telling the waitress that we were celebrating our anniversary, we never once received as much as a congratulations from her. We had to wait ten plus minutes to even be acknowledged, and then we had to repeatedly ask for our water to be refilled.The food was delicious, we had the chorizo stuffed dates and kimchi rice for appetizers. For our main course, we had the lobster tail with corn, fingerling potato hash, brussel sprouts and bourbon glaze, and vegetable chow main. My girlfriend is a vegan, while we did not expect to be blown away by vast vegan options, there wasn't so much to select from. The waitress was not knowledgable with the menu, and was not able to recommend many options for us. Overall, this was a decent yet far over-priced experience.
2	My husband and I love new restaurants that focus on local ingredients so we were super excited for a month to try this place for our anniversary.  What a let down.  It was so noisy we could not relax and enjoy our drinks or hear the specials from our server.  Our salads were okay. Our main courses were very salty; I at least was able to scrape the skin off my fish to enjoy the flavor, only to discover the overpowering butter underneath.  My husband's steak was cooked well but again was very salty.  My husband thought his green beans were drowning in schezuan sauce but felt too embarrassed to send them back. We asked for our meals to be boxed up halfway through, hoping dessert would show more potential. It didn't. But just when we were about to leave and go somewhere else for dessert we were served a delicious brownie and coffee.  That's the reason I gave it two stars.  Overall if you are looking for an interesting place for drinks, apps, and a view this might be good.  But if you are looking for an intimate dinner I would go somewhere else.
5	The food and view at Fahrenheit in charlotte are top notch! From the moment you walk in the door your greeted with warm smiles, Once you sit down and experience the view and the five-star cuisine at this restaurant you'll wish you could come back every day! The beef short ribs are to die for and the wine selection is Impressive To say the least.  Every time you go they have between five and six specials to choose from, And You can't go wrong if you decide to choose a special in lieu of the menu .The servers are knowledgeable, friendly and engaging. (That's a rare occurrence  these days)  If you have room, you have to try their pastry chefs desserts, They are out of this world!!!! I highly recommend this restaurant. It's not just a special occasion or date night restaurant, it can and should be an every day restaurant.Go to Fahrenheit in Charlotte and have a night you'll never forget!!!!!
5	We came for a drink and apps.  The website makes the restaurant seem snooty, that is certainly not the case.  Casual feel, great service, local beer, and ahi tuna wontons were out of this world.  We live out of state, but if we resided here we would absolutely return.
1	I was very disappointed by the rude behavior of the bartenders this evening. Being in the industry I know that when you are busy it can be difficult to always keep things on point but one in particular was very rude. The level of hospitality I expected was not present this evening. My cocktail was good though. Just served with quite a bit of attitude.
1	Had reservations but wasn't sat for an hour past the time of the reservation. Not a very welcoming staff/manager. The food was not great, especially for the price. Good view of the city
3	Fahrenheit is all about the city view.  If there is a tourist trap bar in Charlotte, I think this would be it.Atmosphere - Hot (on this evening, literally), fire...fire...intense evening sun, noisy, nicely set up (except why are there bright lights on outside in the balcony area during the night that take away from the beautiful view of the city?), crowded, fancy/ trendy wanna-be peps, and Thursday evening business travelers laying waste to their expense accounts.Service - Accommodating, helpful, pretentious air...but expected to make the place feel special.Food - To me, it is fancy-sounding appetizers and pricey drinks that mainly makes up Fahrenheit.  The place does offer a full dinner menu, but I was here for apps and drinks on this night.  My table ordered a few items: Spring Rolls, Mr. Fungi Roasted Mushroom Pizza, and Chorizo Stuffed & Bacon Wrapped Dates.  While the wrapped dates sounded delicious, I did not have an opportunity to try them, as they went quickly.  I did get to sample the pizza and spring rolls, which were ok but nothing that made me go "wow."   The apps were standard fancy bar fare of super thin pizza and indistinguishable spring rolls.  I should have grabbed a date when I had the chance.Overall - Fahrenheit does have a very nice view of the city.  I am not sure where else in the CLT you could get such a nice view.  For that you should come here for at least one drink.  While the "look at me" crowd, pricey drinks, and so-so apps were what I expected as soon as I heard we were going here; the blazing evening sun overtaking the cool a/c was something I didn't expect.  Though by its name, I should have at least anticipated it.
3	Amazing views and the pork tenderloin was awesome, but I did not love the waiter and it was SO LOUD. My boyfriend and I could hardly hold a conversation.
3	NYC prices but not NYC quality food. Had crab cakes, short ribs and spring rolls. All okay but not great. My husband and I eat out all around the world and there is room for improvement.
5	Attended a birthday dinner here and had a ball. The food was tasty or perhaps I was just extremely hungry. Had shrimp as well as calamari for my appetizer, both being delicious. The salmon entree is well seasoned and full of flavor. Service was impressive, despite us camping out, eating and talking for 4 hours. I never felt rushed. I highly recommend Fahrenheit for a nice dinner or late night stop before or after events uptown. Appetizers $15, entrees $38, drinks $13.
4	Overall experience was a pricey one.... If you are going for the food, don't bother, if you are going for the experience, the view and have plenty of money....its worth a visit!We start arted at the bar while waiting for our table and the bartender was more than happy to create a martini for me.... Basil lemon and it was delicious!The food.... Well we shared the duck egg rolls and they were the best of everything we ordered.... Lots of duck, tender and flavorful in a light crispy skin!  We also shared the Brussels sprouts which were flavorful as well, but don't think I'd order those again.  My entree was the lobster Mac and cheese and I've had better.  It was not the cheese combo, which is different than normal, that I didn't care for, it was the lobster which made the whole dish taste fishy and I don't care for that.  Fresh lobster is usually not fishy.... Don't know what the deal was with that.All in all we had a good time, enjoyed the view, the drinks and the appetizer, but wouldn't rush back.... What do they say.... "been there done that".
4	I'll break it down for some of you busy people who need to read and book it right now.Interior: 3.5/5, View: 5/5, Food: 4/5,Service: 4.5/5,Drinks: 4/5,Location: 3.5/5,Hip scale: 3.5/5.I think it's a place everyone goes to check out the famous view like how bentley's once was. And I remember loving the view, the service, the interior at Bentley's but not so much the food. A turnoff for me because I am going there mainly to eat.I went to Fahrenheit for a functiom. So don't take my word for it but the food they served was fantastic. The thin pizza, the pop corn shrimp, the galbi slices were awesome. Especially because the fat on the meat was still there. I love that part.Drinks were good too. I had a few jack & cokes and a couple of glasses of wine. They were all good. Enough to make me happy after three. And the service was fantastic as well. This is something I lool at after a restaurant's food/drinks. And they passed with flying colors.The view... Yes, the view that you see on every Charlottean's Facebook at least once. It is not overrated. In other words, it's good. I've already been to my buddy's who live there a few floors down so it wasn't new. But nevertheless a great view of the pretty, miniature-manhattan skyline.Here's the bad news. It's not the best looking restaurant itself. The view and the building looks pretty from outside but the restaurant looks very narrow and small when you first walk in. I thinks it's mainly because the first thing you see is the large glass window with the view not so far from the entrance. Yes, that could impress some people but not me. The fine dining section was separated on the right from the bar side in the middle and the left. And that also was a bit of a disappointment for me. A place that wants to build up a name for fine dining and a trendy bar should not have a hundred thousand screens with every game that's on that night. Certainly shouldn't be one of the first things you see.Lastly, I can't help mentioning that the building entrance is a bit unwelcoming. The desk clerk was great but I'm talking the floor plan, and the layout. The building's anchor tenant is a business hotel, and Skye condos. So the doors, and tbe entrance itself are small and narrow. It is more homelike that way. But not so welcoming if you are just going for a drink.That's my two cents. Hope they help!
5	Wow this place was remarkable!! My boyfriend and I didn't even make it off the elevator before I had to write a review. We shared The lobster Mac and cheese and filet, everything was absolutely delicious and the service was great. We are actually staying in the Hyatt Place downtown so this is very convenient and delicious and I'm so glad we went! We will be back and I will be recommending this place to all my friends!
4	Mainly for the great view and atmosphere. Drinks were great. Sangria was refreshing.  Sweet Georgia Peach drink was good. Appetizers were pricy and not on the top of the list. We ate the spring rolls and shrimp.We just got appetizer and drinks, however noticed the Mediterranean pizza was large on another couples plate. Service was fine. Expensive however best view of uptown.
4	Food is Good - the Bar is excellent and the view superb. I will come back in summer or spring.
5	This restaurant was more than we expected for our daughters 18th birthday dinner.  Service was fantastic and the portions were generous!  The views and outdoor fire pits were nice! We will definitely be back!
5	Amazing service and atmosphere.  The filet was perfect.  My wife had the pork chop and thoroughly enjoyed it.  The view of uptown Charlotte adds to the experience.  We loved it!
3	This place is special to us, so when we recently had a disappointing experience there, my husband and I were really surprised. The regular dining room is really nice- on a recent Sunday evening the only place to dine was in the open area near the kitchen. It was noisy and had terrible loud music, appealing to an entirely different crowd. If they added acoustical panels on the wall the terrible music might not be so bad, then people won't yell over each other while eating and drinking... The food is excellent, but the identity of the restaurant seems confused.
5	From start to finish, this was a great meal.  Appetizers were awesome, even delivered to us bespoke ones like ahi tuna with caviar on shrimp chips and potato hushpuppies.  Short ribs were the best I have ever had.  Lobster mac and cheese was like penne alla vodka -- unbelievable.  French toast brioche for dessert was the best I have ever had in Charlotte.  Go.  You won't be disappointed.
2	Went here this past weekend before going to a show, and thought it would be good to experience the view, and food. I fault myself for not doing better research on the place, because it is the embodiment of an overpriced hotel restaurant. Tacky presentation, mediocre food, poor drinks, and attentive yet mediocre service. The menu looked shabby, and the paper (on terrible card stock) trying to sell me on a NYE event was just the start. The server, was very attentive in that awkward sort've way, but did a good job in getting our orders, etc. We ordered the Chicken Spring Rolls and Mussels first, and both were sort've blah. The red sauce the mussels came in was bizarre, and a poor attempt at being different from your standard white whine sauce. The Spring Rolls came out on a bizarre triangular piece of paper, which seemed incredibly desperate in an attempt to be creative. For our entrees we had the Ribeye and Sea Bass. The Ribeye came out overcooked (Med/Well+), and I had to send it back since you would expect a $45 steak come out the way you ordered (Med/Rare). They did give a bowl of soup to make up for the steak, which was probably the best thing we ate all night. The drinks were light on the liquor, and far to sweet or watered down for our liking. Overall we don't plan on going back here, and this place has alot of room for improvement.
3	We thought this would be a special place to take out of town guests for a Christmas celebration before they left for home.  It was a disappointment in many ways. The restaurant was freezing!  We were by the thermostat (59 degrees) and it never climbed beyond  60 degrees the whole time we were there. Also, we made reservations and our table was across from the kitchen door and by the service station.  I asked for another table but was told the others had been reserved.  What?  So we ordered drinks hoping to warm up!  The service staff was very friendly if a little hurried so the drinks were fine.  Food was ok but nothing special.  A very expensive experience and disappointing since our daughter and her friend were visiting for the holidays.  We should have dined somewhere else. On the positive side, we would go back and have a drink in warmer weather and enjoy the city view.  If you are looking for great food, this is not the place.  There are much better restaurants in Charlotte.
3	Expensive. Nachos that you would get in a place like a food truck were $16 for a pile of twisty chips with cheese drizzled over and bacon bits. Everything on the menu was so overpriced that our party of 4 had to order just appetizers and a salad. The Buratta Salad was average and tasted very plain, barely an lettuce or vegetables; not much of a salad.. The desserts were plain and overpriced as well.Pros: good service, 3.5/5 view, good quail, good crabcakes
4	From start to finish, this was a great meal.  Appetizers were awesome, even delivered to us bespoke ones like ahi tuna with caviar on shrimp chips and potato hushpuppies.  Short ribs were the best I have ever had.  Lobster mac and cheese was like penne alla vodka -- unbelievable.  French toast brioche for dessert was the best I have ever had in Charlotte.  Go.  You won't be disappointed.
