3	My rating is 3 1/2 stars.This is a brand new hotel located in downtown Phoenix. The rooms are very comfortable and well appointed. I was upgraded to a suite which had a separate sitting area and bedroom. There were 2 flat screen TVs in the room (no HBO though!) and the lots of comfortable chairs/sofas.The bathroom was very large as well.  The shower was roomy and the tub was HUGE! Parking and Internet access are free. I did have some issues connecting to the network the 2nd day I was there but they were able to resolve the issue quickly.I was pretty much holed up in my room working and so I did not experience the breakfast service or the gym. I had 2 issues with the hotel:1) The hotel allows its guests to bring dogs. On day 3 of my stay, I had to deal with dogs barking and crying most of the morning.2) My room was close to the elevator and vending machine and I could hear noise (sounded like a motor kicking in).  Most people would not notice that noise though.If you are in the area, give this hotel a try. The staff is attentive and the hotel is comfortable and well worth the money.
4	Stayed here twice in one week and really enjoyed the fact that during non-business days (Saturday) or after business hours (post 5pm) this new area of "downtown" slows to a pleasant pace. During these times the offices and streets seem nearly deserted. Still there are people and place to see with great landmark restaurants and friendly taverns within walking distance. Finishing the evening Saturday, on the outdoor patio with a glass of Grand Marnier and some stunning views of half lite (half sized) skyscrappers gave me an odd feeling....Safe in the City. The Hotel itself, a completely remodeled/refurnished 60's era Holiday Inn, was quaint and cosmopolitan at the same time with a small lounge and steakhouse on property, along with heated palm lined pool with whirlpool, and some stunning views from the10th floor suite. My Dog loved the views as much as I did (yes, they are pet friendly,extra pet friendly!) and Wendy the Asst. General manager took extra time to make this visit enjoyable. I have to admit The (chain hotel) Holiday Inn is three for three.
4	A little surprising that no one has reviewed this place yet.I booked it for five nights as a base for spring training exploration. I'm three nights into the stay, and I have no complaints. The room, at $136 a night, is more than adequately sized for me, a single guest. There is free Wi-Fi and free parking, though the parking situation is tricky. There are about 20 spots in the lot on which the hotel sits. If they are all taken, guests can use the parking garage shared with the Radisson down the street. So far, I haven't had to use the garage. There's an HD TV that seems to get about 3,000 channels, but I have barely turned it on. The room also has a mini fridge, along with the usual dresser, desk, closet, iron, cofeemaker and a selection of coffee and tea. The room has a king-size bed that to me is very comfortable. The bathroom is spotless, with no stray hairs or scuff marks or crusty areas anywhere. In fact, even I, a noted germophobe, feel comfortable walking around barefoot, which I almost never do in hotel rooms.The climate control is more than adequate; it is accessed by a digital thermostat on the wall. I haven't heard other guests around me; I'm pretty sure at least one neighboring room is occupied, but whoever is staying there has not been making obnoxious noise.One of the front-desk staff members gave me an excellent recommendation for a Mexican restaurant, Mi Patio, that is within walking distance (see my Yelp review of it). His manager tried in vain in a friendly manner to help me when the vending machine wouldn't dispense fabric softener (I was doing laundry--and a slight quibble here is that one front-desk person whom I asked if there was a guest laundry said there wasn't one. The next day, the same staff member who recommended the Mexican place said there was, indeed, a guest laundry, on the second floor. He was right. It's adjacent to the fitness center.). So far, the hotel's location has been pretty good for a spring-training base. Many of the camps are nearby Phoenix, so it makes sense to just plop yourself down somewhere and visit the various cities. Word of warning, though, if you do come out for spring training: Leave early for the games. The last mile of distance to the ballpark could well take you an hour-plus to navigate. Clearly, these sites are not built to handle the volume of traffic that a major league team can generate. There are no six-level parking garages at these sites. There's also a 24-hour Walgreens, a Staples, and a Chase bank two blocks away from the hotel (the Chase is actually closer to five or six blocks, but it's still a short walk).I've been very pleased with my stay at the Holiday Inn and would recommend it. If I come back for spring training again, I will most likely stay here.
4	Great value for your money, decently priced, pet friendly and clean.  I only stayed one night with my friend but it was very convenient, easy to locate and we had a pleasant stay.  The staff was very polite.If you get a chance try Postino's (about a mile away) for some great bruschetta and panini sandwiches.
2	My husband and I took a trip to Phoenix last weekend so I booked a room on priceline. Based on my PAST Priceline experiences, I was expecting something better. The hotel was recently upgraded and it's beautiful...our room was really nice...the decor was nice and exactly what I saw on their website...Ok THE GOOD:It's close to Walgreen's which was cool because I haven't a clue how I could forget simple things like LOTION! But it was nice to pick up beer, wine and munchies because the room had a fridge! THE BAD:THE PARKING? OMG...there's a lot in the front (but it's super small). The hotel parking is not just BEHIND the hotel, but behind ANOTHER hotel (the Radisson). That's about 1/2 block away (WHACKNESS).  THE UGLY:This hotel has HORRIBLE ventilation and plumbing. After we checked in, we decided to head out for an early dinner after the long drive. By the time we got back our whole room smelled like SHIT. Yes folks, I just dropped an "S" bomb...it smelled as if someone had crept into our room while we were gone, took a dump and split. We discovered that it was coming from the AC vent...so we turned the fan off. Except then the room got stuffy and the freakin windows DON'T OPEN. O-EMMM-GEEEEE...Then about an hour later we heard what sounded like a jack hammer (which my husband explained was probably the snake cleaning out a toilet). A few minutes later...clean air! How bout this continued to happen for hours at a time each day we were here...NOT COOL.I couldn't WAIT to check out...I was up first thing in the morning packin it up so we could RUN (not walk) outta this place. Sorry Holiday Inn...get your SHIT together! LMAO...no seriously...lol
2	I have stayed at this hotel twice, and have to say, not the best in the area.  The rooms are clean, but the service is just not there.  And if you want parking, best plan on parking at the hotel behind it and walk in the dark to the hotel.  It is not your typical full service Holiday Inn, it has more of a Days Inn feeling.  I tried calling the front desk one day while on the road, and no one would answer, so I had to turn around and drive 5 miles back to the hotel just to ask them a simple question.  There are plenty of hotels in the area, you might be better off staying elsewhere, such as the Hampton Inn or Hilton.  I am even a platinum member for Priority Club, and I would rather go elsewhere.
1	An adequate downtown motel.  Access and proximity are both good.  The location appeared to be clean and well-kept.  However, I'm now reading that they allow pets in guest's rooms, making it no more than a fancy kennel!  Unless they spray for fleas daily  (they don't), I'm not feeling good about this.  Parking is atrocious and the Raddison parking garage (a half-block away) must be used.  Service at the front desk was eager to help, but only Briana seemed to be able to operate their computer system at check-in.  There is only a $9 breakfast buffet here, but plenty of nearby places to eat.  Elevators are fast in this eight (ten??) floor motel.  Both water pressure and hot water were extremely good on the 3rd floor, sometimes it was impossible to get COLD water.  My coworker on the 4th floor had the same observation.  Their WiFi (free) never failed, but was very slow (below dial-up speeds).  My coworker wisely travels with a CAT5 LAN cable; I'll do the same next time.  The heating/cooling system does not appear to be aligned with the wall thermostat; room temperatures were never right.  Although the big screen televisions in each room are low-grade, channel selection is extremely good.  Our business rate was $139.99 ($158.57 with taxes), and that is reasonable for this motel.  I would come back for a few days at a time when business dictates, but this motel wouldn't be my first choice for a week-long stay.
1	Stayed here last year and had a very bad time.  The AC wasn't working in the room we were in and I had a hard time with the front desk.  Finally had to move hotels around two in the morning.  I decided to give this place another try this year and the girl at the front desk was very short and rude.  I don't recommend this Holiday Inn at all.  Never had this many problems at one hotel.  Luckily I don't feel the same way about the other Holiday Inns.  Stay Away!!!  Trust me!!!  You'll be happier!!!
1	OMG..If you want a circus come here. Was in town for a celtics suns game and had reservations made weeks ago. I arrived at 630pm to a lobby full of people and one person working the front desk. She kept telling everyone she was the only one there and we waited 45 minutes to check in. Next, there is no parking like 15 spots then you have to walk in the dark. If I could do zero stars i would STEER CLEAR of this place. The rooms were also old and crappy other than that a great place..
4	This hotel surprised me.  When a friend said he was staying here, I thought "why in the world would you choose to stay here?".  However, after seeing the rooms and property, this place is pretty nice.The rooms are well appointed and a nice size.  The lobby bar area is also very nice and clean with plenty of space for having a business meeting or casual drink.Parking is not bad either.  There's plenty of parking near the lobby and it feels safe to walk to/from your car.Their rates are very reasonable as well and the location gives you great access to downtown Phoenix and the central part of the Valley.  I recommend this place to all my value minded friends who travel here on business.Return Factor - 70%
5	Loved it. My girlfriend and I were just passing through Phoenix, and to be honest, I don't particularly care for the town much, but this place is one good thing about it. I started calling around at around 9 pm on a night when there were two different sporting events going on (my gf and I did not know about the games when we came into town), and we started calling around and got lucky. One suite left at this place. We didn't expect much. We just needed a room for the night. The suite turned out to be really nice. King size bed, separate living room area, little kitchen, modern design. Very nice. And the guy at the checkin was quite pleasant, despite the stress he was under with all the phone calls during this busy evening. He even gave my gf and I two free drink credits on him. Unfortunately, the bar had just closed by the time we came down from the room. We were on our way out to find some other bar anyway, but the bartender came outside and asked us "are you looking for a bar?" We said "yes", and he gave us some suggestions. Cool guy..I highly recommend this place. If you HAVE to go to Phoenix, come here and get a suite.
1	If I can give this place a -5 star I would,do not stay here the rooms are never clean smell like mildew bad plumbing problems lack of Staff. there's only 1 chef he cooks the food and brings it too your room since there nobody else too bring it. he has a attitude problem and never wants to talk to you and hangs up on as your still talking.I ordered a steak and eggs they bring the steak rare blood all over my potatoes and eggs.there's a lot more I can say but I'm getting too upset saying any more do your self a favor and don't ever walk in this trash hole.
4	The staff were all terrific, and the location was perfect for us. The room was clean and comfortable, but the temperature was a bit warm. They were in Winter mode, and said it was sometimes difficult to regulate. They did offer another room, but it was not bad enough to make us move. All in all a good stay.
2	FIVE STARS is what I WOULD HAVE LIKED to give this beautiful Holiday Inn.  BUT.....We stayed here Thanksgiving holiday 2013 after trying (and not liking) several other chain motels when we come to town.  ONE THING turned out to be a DEAL BREAKER for future trips, even though we originally thought "we have finally found our PHX hotel"!!The Good:  very nice clean comfy rooms - nice view - All OK (though I agree that the parking is funky, but not a deal breaker for us.)DEALBREAKER:  We came back to the hotel during mid-day.  It was about 80 degrees I think in Phx that day.   Our room faced west with the lovely view.  We opened the door to go in and get cleaned up for the big Thanksgiving reunion, and our room was ROASTING HOT. Ick, nothing worse than getting ready in a roasting hot room.I dialed down the wall thermostat to kick on some air conditioning- NO results. Pant pant pant, HOT ROOM, all the nice rooms do face west, and it was too late to close the blackout drapes (which would have made the room dark and depressing in the middle of the day.)I called Front Desk.  They explained to me that the ENTIRE BUILDING is on ONE VENTILATION SYSTEM - therefore, EVERYBODY HAS HEAT, or EVERYBODY HAS AIR CONDITIONING.  They explained to me that JUST THAT DAY they had switched the ENTIRE BUILDING over to HEAT, so it was now NOT POSSIBLE to cool down our room.  I explained this was an impossible situation, VERY uncomfortable, and they said it was the way the old hotel was remodeled, and they'd send up an engineer.  NO engineer appeared because let's face it, what could he have done anyway?Older reviews also mention a problem with the "One for all, All for one" ventilation system that piped bad smells into their rooms.  One other reviewer mentioned a sewer leak somewhere bringing in that bad air to their room through the COMMON DUCTING system, and in fact, my husband said the same sewer system stoppage occurred while we were there also. Meanwhile, I was roasting so I don't remember that.We are Californians - and like PHX, we have 80++ degree weather in winter -- A LOT!  WHAT WERE THEY THINKING?I was sent by email the usual SURVEY about our stay.  I specifically wanted to submit it because we WANT TO STAY THERE every visit because my husband's family lives there.  I spent over half an hour on this detailed survey, and then lost it completely due to my computer going into sleep mode- SO...unfortunately the HOLIDAY INN has no idea that:  "Phoenix, We have a Problem". Fix this and we'll be back, over and over again!
5	This hotel has an excellent staff, they always accommodate my stay even after short and same day stays. Rooms are always clean and most important it's located in the center of Phoenix.
3	The room was nice although it smelled a bit. Many of the channels had no signal on the television. The parking is problematic and although they share the parking garage with the Wyndam, it was a bit further than I would've liked. The neighborhood is lacking. Good for the price and for one night it was fine.
2	Poorly managed hotel. The staff does their best to offset the incompetent management, but they can only do so much. The hotel overbooks the rooms. So we stood there for 45 min as they try to shuffle us around and accommodate us. Then the ADA room we requested wasn't really an ADA room. They also canceled our reservation because we didn't arrive on the day we didn't reserve. And after we left they charged us for the night that we weren't there (the same night they canceled us out for).
1	Dear Holiday Inn Phonenix,Your hotel is crap.  The experience was terrible.  We stayed in your hotel downtown to be closer to a conference in lieu of our home which was 30 minutes away.  Bad choice.It was early April so the outside temperature was still cool.  But the room was hot.  I set the AC to a crisp 69 degrees and expected permafrost on my sheets in short order.  Instead I had the sweats until about 3AM at which point the AC kicked in.The walls are terribly thin.  Luckily the AC unit, although barely functioning, sounded like a WW1 biplane driven by my grandfather's buddy earl.  While it was quiet I heard the voices of my neighbors, during full-blast I wasn't able to hear my girlfriend speak in full voice.  Again, not a conducive sleep environment.Lastly, checkout was scheduled at 10AM.  So why was it that my the cleaning staff knocked on my door at 8:30, 9 and 9:30 to enter?  Let people sleep!!!! Thanks for the room.  You should have paid us to stay there.
1	This hotel was amongst the worst I've stayed in.  We had a "hospital" rate, as my wife was having surgery.  When we checked in, the hotel seemed ok for $80/night.  The toilet seat was loose, and the tap water temperature did not seem to be connected to the handle orientation, but whatever.The first night, I realized that the thermostat was purely decorative.  It was 80 degrees in the room, and setting the temp for 60 did nothing.  I chalked it up as a bad night and planned to deal with it in the morning, after I got my wife checked into the hospital.The next day I complained about the temp and was informed that the AC was broken.  They assured me it would be fixed by the afternoon.  After surgery, I went back to the hotel and found that the room was still sweltering.  The desk clerk said it was because I had not set the thermostat correctly.  Apparently setting an 80 degree room to 60 was too much to hope for, so I needed to set it to 76 or so.  I went up to my room to adjust the thermostat to find that my door was not locked, and that the locking mechanism was broken.I went back downstairs and complained.  They "upgraded" me to a suite.  The new room also did not have AC (in Phoenix? who could imagine such a thing would be needed?).  The tub leaked.  I've stayed in highway-side motels which had better amenities.
3	Clean rooms, just wish they had longer restaurant options. Food they have is good, they just need more staff.
