5	Awesome company to work with.  Been working the valley for a long time and very affordable.  I recommend!
5	I had them come out last month to do an audit of my system since my master bedroom was not as cool as the rest of my house.  They found out that I had bad air flow since there was not a return in my bedroom and gave me a great price on installing one.  Wow, is it much cooler now in my room!  They also turned me onto a new thermostat that I can operate from my cell phone.  I can now turn my system on or off while away or change the temperature while I am away.  This is great because I hate coming home to a hot house when I am too cheap to leave the air on when I go out of town.  I am really impressed with Mast Air with their knowledge and how they keep up to date with the newest technology.  They have been in business for over 30 years and it really shows.
5	I've called upon Mast Air twice in the past year.  The first time was because my furnace wasn't working (55 degrees in the house!) and the second time was because my AC was emitting a sporadic burning smell.  Both times, they were extremely fast.  They are very well priced, and even offer a great yearly maintenance package that includes two visits and a discount on repairs.  Mike was very nice, pleasant, and did excellent work.  He even let my boyfriend come up and see what the problem was to visualize the situation (apparently, no one had EVER cleaned the 12 year old AC, ick!).  My air is now colder and the AC on less, after just one simple visit!  They came recommended by the lady that sold me her house, and I am so glad she gave me a referral.
5	A/C totally died the hottest day of the year so far, and Mast came out with a bid the next day (they work 7 days a week in the heat).  Great bid on a Trane which is what I wanted, and they have a really great reputation from all the research I did on them before calling.Mast will do the job right!  And they will give you tips on how to keep your house cool and warm depending on the season.My air was not circulating properly because the equipment installed originally in this house was incorrect, so Mast went out and rebuilt the equipment I needed on their own dime so the air would do it's thing the right way.  I love this customer service!I love Mast and will stay with them.  What a great company!!!!Plus, they keep their appointments right on time which I found is rare with many of the A/C-heating companies here.  That could be a plus when I have to work for sure.Again, what a great company!!!!
5	Mast Air repaired our system recently. Great service, arrived as expected & very helpful & knowledgeable! I have already referred them to two neighbors - they were fast, courteous & very thorough. They deserve every star!!
5	These guys are amazing! Been having problems with my A/C on and off. Had Mast come out and after inspection, recommended to my home warranty company that my entire unit be replaced (it was at least 20 yrs old!). Needless to say they came back and did such a fantastic job with everything, I couldn't be more pleased!! They even called the next day to make sure my unit was running to satisfaction. The best A/C company in AZ!!ps- this was in August, on a very hot day and I am one very happy customer! Sorry for the late review!
5	I live in Utah and my daughter lives in Peoria.  When I was visiting last week I noticed her AC was practically inert.  I told her to contact an AC company and have it checked out.  $146 later, she was told by a company (NOT Mast Air!!!) that her AC was DOA.  I didn't care for how she was treated so off I went to Yelp.  Mast Air literally jumped out at me.  I generally put a fair amount of faith in reviews and was amazed that all were 5 star.  I told her to call Mast Air.  Chris responded the same day and told me that a repair would've been in the neighborhood of $2000.  I talked to Chris on the phone and he told me the AC was 38 years old. Well, that validated the repair cost.  Who in their right mind would throw that much money at an AC unit that old?  Not me.  I couldn't believe it lasted as long as it did.  You don't fix things that should, by all rights, be DOA some 15 or more years ago.  He gave me a fair replacement cost and I told him to do it.  Yes, Dad paid for it.  Chris was out the very next day with a crane and a new unit.  As he left, my daughter was ecstatic and called me right away.  I told her I would not pay for an electric blanket with the new AC freezing her, that's what thermostats are for.  I worked with Lucy at Mast Air to handle payment over the phone and she is a great lady too.  Professional installation, unworldly speedy, and fantastic office support.  The price promised is what I paid.  No extras.  No bait and switch.  Just honest business.  Chris and Lucy are both very personable folks and I wish I could've met them face to face.  If I lived in the Phoenix area I would only use Mast Air.  You can't go wrong if you do, too.
1	Part 1...Oh where to begin...Albert came out today and checked on my a/c unit that "died" and proceeded to tell me that I had three options: 1-pay $2600 for a new compressor PLUS the cost of freon/refrigerant, 2-buy an "outdoor unit"??? for $3800 PLUS freon, or 3-buy a brand new unit for $7500 that was miraculously reduced to $5175 after he "spoke" to his supervisor who "authorized" the price reduction. Oh, the freon was priced at $85/lb where, I learned afterward is usually charged at approx. $50/lb. To me this suggests technicians that work on commissions, or get judged by the amount of sales they produce. I escaped this bogus/dishonest salesmanship and called another company. Search my name for a part 2 review of an honest company that charged me WAY less for a fraction of the work that was actually needed. Shame on you Mast Air!!!
3	This was the second time I used Mast Air! First time I had a home warranty. This time I didn't. My A/C stopped working on a week night! They came out on Friday and diagnosed the problem saying my motor on the air handler went out ( burned up). Was a simple job but to me was over priced but when you have no A/ C your stuck. They charged me $ 836.00. Thought it was hi but nothing I could do about it. But they are a professional company! High prices but OK work.
