4	We used this establishment for our Wedding Favors(Personalized bottles of wine)The wine inside was an amazing creation called "Delilah Rose" (a blush wine, very fruity and sweet).We partnered with Sam Thong (of Station Square--as per their recommendation) to draw a caricature of us and we used it for our labels.The partnership between Mr. Thong and Heritage was great!They turned out beautifully!!!Very happy with the end result!A bit pricey--but it was expected out of this kind of favor.A "con" to the experience was that there are two locations (The Waterfront in Homestead, PA and also in Station Square, Pgh.) and when I called one, they would have me call the other to find out the status of my order and some other general questions.They should use some sort of computer program that would be able to answer questions regardless of location (especially when your order is made at Station Square, and you have to call the Waterfront for info)  ;)Otherwise, it was great and the woman that I picked up from was a great help!  Very sweet!The only other negative (in the way of service) was a woman who was working at the Waterfront location the day that my husband and I inquired (prior to the wedding).She couldn't have been more annoyed by us and having to answer questions about pricing versus playing her beloved (and riveting, I'm sure) game of computer solitare.
4	Very cute little shop inside station square. Stopped by to get a bottle of wine for dinner. The woman at the counter was very helpful and let us try several varieties so we could find the exact bottle we were looking for.
5	I have bee to the actual winery in North East PA. It is super cute. There is also ones in station square, waterfront and the Grove City outlets. Their Almond wine is amazing. Its unlike anything I have ever had. I love it. When I moved out of state I bought a case to take with me. I love that they let you taste as much as you want, and the actual winery lets you pour your own too. All of their wines, especially their speciality wines are great. You should defiantly check them out!
3	Had some pretty good wines. Look out for the cherry though, It taste like cough syrup
1	I have never been so frustrated with an alcoholic beverage company as I am with Heritage Wine Cellars. Grrrrr.I bought 3 bottles from the station square wine store. They tasted great in the store. I go to open the first one. I put the corkscrew in try to pull it out... Nothing... Bang it off a few things to try and loosen the cork, try again... Nothing.... wedge it between my feet, pry at it with both hands...Nothing... attack the cork with a knife... Nothing... Finally I put the corkscrew back in and try to wedge it back and forth... the metal effing corkscrew breaks in half!!! Corkscrew #2... Since the corkscrew is still lodged in there, so the 2nd corkscrew catches on the first and success... after 2 days and 2 corkscrews. So, I figure its a fluke right? .... Not so much...Bottle #2 with $14 corkscrew #2... screw screw screw pull.... Nothing... -.-Are you effing kidding me?!?So I put everything I have into it... the bottle cracks around the top, glass cuts my hand.... So now I am bleeding, pissed, and sorrily sober... Shit is about to go down... I wind up again, screw screw screw (crack crack crack goes the bottle) I pull up... The corkscrew rips out the middle of the cork!!! like, strips it like and effing cheap ass screw. UUUGGGHHHH. So I try to cut the middle out with a knife, no good... So I smash the effing thing off of the countertop... NOTHING!!! 0.oThe devil is in these bottles. Finally, I decide to dig the cork out with the corkscrew... So after some shear will and determination i poke a hole through the middle and crack the bottle enough to get the cork loose. Although now there is blood, glass, and cork all in the wine...So on to the 3rd bottle... Economical approach... Wrap it in a towel, and just smack the stem with a knife/hammer. (knife on step, hit hard with hammer)... I got about a half a bottle of the 3rd... All in all, a big old waste of time and money.
3	I'm only marking this down because I am not a huge fan of fruity tasting wines. This store pretty much only sells fruity wines. Though, the person working that day was very helpful and let us sample some of the dryer wines. Which unfortunately were still too much for our palates. I mostly noticed this as my sister and I were strolling a mall along what people call this area Station Square in Pittsburgh because a bunch of super enthusiastic nuns were running around inside! It was literally Sister Act Back In The Habit and after we had a late lunch/early dinner I enthusiastically suggested we see what Sister Mary Clarence and her compatriots were up to. I can imagine a lot of these would make excellent desert wines if so in the mood for a nice Port or bubbly night cap. I think he said the Bubbling Niagra was one of their top sellers. And the Peach fuzz seems to have won a few awards. Everything was affordably priced and quite pleasant.
5	Stopped in yesterday (4/5/14) during our trip to Pittsburgh. We have been here before and they are always a very fun, friendly pair of ladies. Very knowledgeable and passionate about the wines they sell. They offer Christian W Klay and Heritage Wine Cellars. Heritage has been in the business for over 60 years and their experience shows. Try the Fredonia, it won a state award! Want a kick? Try the Kir or Matt's Mash! Ask about the story behind Delilah Rose.
