1	Time on YELP says 12pm-12am. Negative. Another site says 4pm-6am. Another negative. They have a number that's linked to a cell phone, but NO ONE picks up. DO NOT PURCHASE YELP DEAL. Came back twice at different hours and still no avail. It says LV Miami NY- AMPM nail please stay away from LA. We LA folks have busy lives and have no time for games. There shouldn't even be one star here!
4	After dinner, I decided to find out whether nail salons in LV open late, and silly me, of course they do!  Several that I called were either booked (some will say they open late but it's really by appointment) or were really expensive (umm, I won't pay $55; I'll just wait).  I went down the list by location, and that's how I found AMPM Nail Salon.I got a mani/pedi for $35.  It looks like there is a $5 extra charge for services done after 9:00 p.m., but ask to make sure if you are going late hours.  They have three pedi massage chairs and two tables for nails.  The owner took over a couple of months ago, so he has new nail polish in current colors.  All the bottles were full; OPI, Essie, Orly, and China Glaze were line up on 4 racks.  They also have a variety of gel colors.  If you've ever had communication issues at other salons, this will not be the case here.  He speaks perfect English.  Bella was the one who took care of me, and she had good conversational English.The only other thing you should know is that it is in a strip (no pun intended) mall where you can find an escort service, "dancers" gears and flanked by two gentlemen's club... just in case this might bother you or ... if you are bringing small children to the area.  Although we left after 10:00 p.m., we felt safe.  There is security around, and there are several other businesses that are open. If you've gone to this location before and didn't like it, give this management a chance.  If you are in the area, give it a try.  It's close enough to the strip.  We're staying at the Trump, and it's like 3 blocks away!  In fact, if you are staying on the strip, the owner offers free pickup and drop off!  I would definitely return.
5	Amazing service ... Quality to the tee!!! I will never go anywhere else live the house and and I'm always treated like family verses just a client !!
5	Great and open late! Sat with the new owner who seems to have great plans for the salon! At first I questioned the location but once I was inside I completely forgot where I was and felt right at home! I live locally in Las Vegas and would easily recommend this salon to anyone who just can't find enough hours in the day! Super friendly and received countless compliments on my nails!
4	Don't judge a book by its cover...I really like this place! It's under new management and the new owners are great. They were very nice and ultra attentive. The best thing about this place is of course the obvious.... It's open really late. Lol. Other then that there are a few reasons I plan to drive past the 10 other nail salons I see on my way to this one.1. The new owners are nice and I like to support small business if I can.2. She does a great job & takes directions well, what I wanted she did.3. The atmosphere is comfy like we were old friends.
5	AmPm is my go to nail salon. I can show up after I get off work at 8pm and be taken care of without stressing about trying to go during the day.  Bella picks the colors and designs for me everytime and its always perfect!
4	I was nearby & needed a quick fill/pedi. Found this hidden gem. Great hours, open until midnight which is awesome. Nice staff, I believe I was chatting with the owner. I was very pleased with my services & would definitely come back again. Very polite & attentive as well, cold beverages offered as soon as your seated.
5	Just got my nails done and I love it. Love the hours..I normally wait on the weekends to do my nails because of my work schedule. I dont have to wait anymore. Convenient hours.
3	Went here with my boyfriend he got a pedicure and I got a fill with gel. They both turned out great. My boyfriends calluses were horrible and he left with baby feet they went the extra mile to make sure his feet were smooth.  Bella did a great job with my french tips very clean looking.   It's nice to have somewhere open past 7. Be sure to call and make an appointment though to make sure you don't have to wait.
5	I came in for a fill and my friend for a full set. Bella did our nails and did a spectacular job! Customer service is awesome I will definitely be coming again and bringing my friends!
5	My GirlFriend does not Yelp so ill review for her! Excellent service price and quality never crowded family owned i even had a lil quality time here myself my Girlfriend stays on point with her nails thsnks to this place...
5	Amazing service! My girlfriends and I needed last minute mani pedis while staying at the encore. They picked us up and drive us to the salon. Accommodated the three of us with less than 20 minutes notice and even provided us with beverages! Highly recommended!
5	This was my sister and I's first trip to Vegas. They picked us up from he hotel. Cheap pricing and they gave us free refreshments while we were served. They also took us back to our hotel. This nail salon does great work. My sisters gel manicure was done to perfection. Plus they talk to you while you get serviced. Great people. There is also a liquor store conveniently located next door. The driver took us back to the liquor store after we were halfway to our hotel because we forgot we wanted liquor. Then proceeded to take us back to our hotel :) Again great service. I would recommend this nail shop to anyone.
5	I love that this salon provides a shuttle! It's very clean and friendly. The amount of colors to chose from is quite impressive! I got a gel polish for the first time and love the way my nails look and feel. Mani/pedi took exactly 1 hour and my toes and finger nails look great! This is officially where I'll b going to get my nails done when in Vegas!
5	This place is great! Not only do they have a free pickup service, the prices are super reasonable and the girls do a great job! Everyone was super friendly and it's great that they are open late. Next time I'm in town I'll definitely stop by again.
5	Great service! Very nice atmosphere as well! I just walked in and got my pedicure right away. Definitely going to go there every time I visit Vegas!
5	This place is a diamond! Everyone is super friendly! They offer you a drink to beat the Vegas heat. AND they have a free shuttle. This is THE place to go. I'm a Californian and I am more than willing to travel here every 2 months to get my nails done here. The owner, Bella, mixes up colors and glitters to make the cutest nail polish options! If you want to relax and get an awesome manipedi, do not even think about going anywhere else. Go to AMPM nail salon!!!!!
5	I love my nails! When I walked in they were looking horrid. I left with them looking great. I love how there open late and how friendly the staff are. My mother and I had such a nice time. Will be coming back again.
5	It was my first time yesterday at this establishment. I'm always apprehensive when it comes to trying new places. I don't know about u but I feel like my nails are very personal thing for me. They were very welcoming. The lady who did my nails (Bella) knew exactly how I want my nails. If I didn't like how one was particularly shape. She went over and redid them for me. I did the full service and it was amazing. The mask and salt beads was what my legs and feet needed. It came with a massage, hot wax and callus remover. I've never been so happy with my feet. They feel rejuvenated and baby soft. If u've never had hot wax before you should definitely try it. I went home raving to my roommate how good of a service I was provided and that she should come in and make an appointment ASAP. Even though it's a fairly new establishment I recommend this place because of their quality of work, their professionalism and how they treat their customers. I must have inhaled 3 water bottles while I was there and kept getting up to use the bathroom. Bella was so nice about it. She was so understanding. The heat had gotten to me earlier that day and I was super dehydrated. I dubbed this my new favorite nail saloon!. Everyone GO! Oooooh and did I forget to mention they open till 12?!!!! What?!?!?!
5	I am new to Vegas and I always hesitate trying new nail places...my friend told me about AM/PM Nail Salon and now I refuse to go anywhere else. I just love this place! Bella does my nails absolutely PERFECT, the shape is always on point and the regular polish she puts on stays for at least two weeks. They always offer me something to drink when I get there. They really care about their customers. Overall, I HIGHLY recommend AM/PM Nail Salon!
5	Great place for nails. Didn't have time to get my nails done before Vegas and ran to this place. They are very friendly, offered drinks and didn't try to push any extra services on me or my friends.  The prices are comparable. My shellac mani turned out wonderful.  My only complaint is she was a little hard on my cuticles. Other than that I would definitely recommend this salon. I'll be back next time I'm in Vegas.
4	The service was great! Also it was one of the best pedicures I've got in Las Vegas! Very close to the strip! They can even pick u up and drop u off! Pricing was very affordable too
4	Today was my first time going to AMPM Nail Salon and it will not be my last! First, let me start from the very beginning. I decided to give this salon a try since they had such good reviews and because theyre open til midnight (I know, amazing right?! Especially for those of us who work in the industry) ! I gave them a call to see if they had room for a gel mani and they accommodated the time I wanted on such short notice. Awesome! So when I arrived I was greeted by the owner even before I walked through the doors (he guessed who I Was and I'm assuming that's because they have so many regulars which is a good thing) ! He had me sit down with Kathy (or Katie -Im So bad with names sorry) & We started my gel manicure. I love the colors that they offered and I was very happy that I happened to come in the day after they received new colors! Anyway, my nail tech was a sweetheart and did a pretty decent job although she did cut me on one of my fingers and Caused my nailbed to bleed -that's why I had to give only four stars for service. But I did love that she put multiple coats of base and color to make my nails stronger. I've never had a gel manicure before without acrylic and because of Kathy (or Katie) My nails will be happier since I will never do acrylics again lol I was being a bit particular about the design that I wanted and asked her to redo them And she was sweet enough to do so Without attitude but she wasn't able to do the design quite like I wanted so another lady was sweet enough to come and help and she ended up doing the second half of my nail process. I wasn't able to catch her name but she was very good and very kind even though I was being anal about the placement & size of stones on my nails. I was also asked if I would like a drink which I thought was a very nice touch during the mani.  As for how the nails turned out I love them I love the color &I love the design and I'm actually planning to go back and get a pedicure sometime soon. Honestly, If it wasn't for the owner and his staff of talented techs,  I probably wouldn't be going back Since this location is a bit far from where I live. The owner is very professional and hospitable and made me feel very welcome from the moment I called to make a last minute appt down to when he walked me out the salon and wished me farewell. I seriously can't wait to go back and get my gel pedicure! Their prices are reasonable, The staff is very talented, Their customer service is A+, And they're open till midnight AND ON SUNDAYS! Did I mention that they're very close to the strip and even offer a car service for those that cannot drive or are not locals and need a quick fix or just some salon therapy?!?!! That doesn't quite help me but I think that's an amazing service to offer. This is my new go to salon and I don't think I'll be going anywhere else. I highly recommend AMPM Nail Salon if you are looking for good quality good service and just an overall good experience :)
5	This place is amazing! From the service, to the salon environment, to all the people working, to the hours! My friend and I loved how our nails turned out and felt very taken care of from the time we entered to the time we left. Sad that I don't live in Vegas, otherwise I would go here all the time!
5	Where else in town do they greet you for your appointment at the door, give you sprites and give the little ones ice cream?? AMPM! Open convenient hours , kind staff, great nail work and callous removal!  I will definitely be back. It was my daughter , my hubby and I. All three pedis went better than expected.  Most people get irritated when your kids come. Not these guys. I am scheduling for tomorrow to get my nails done without the fam. I'll post pictures. I just wish I would've asked for a specific design. Kind of basic. But still nice. Thank you Bella and family!
5	Kim was my nail technician and she did an excellent job! I would definitely recommend a mani/pedi combo. They have endless color options for gel and regular polish. Very clean and cute spot.  I especially love that they are open so late.  It's great for someone like me who needs flexible hours. Wonderful customer service by everyone even at this late hour.
5	AM PM Nails 5 stars without a doubt in my mind . You have Lam Bella & Kathy . Lam runs the salon Bella & Kathy are the manicurist I've been there a couple times and couldn't imagine going anywhere else I love them . I sent my daughter there now Danielle has been getting her nails done for awhile now but personally I've NEVER been impressed if I'm going to be 100 % honest her nails I've  never ever liked whom ever she has went to in the past had them looking thick and flared out they were hideous . Bella did them at AM PM salon and they look fantastic her nails looked thin and very elegant like a women's hands are supposed to look . Kathy applies mine and I have short fat hands with a fat nail bed but you can't tell once KATHY finishes they look fabulous.  Not only are they GREAT at what they do Lam and the girls keep you entertained with nothing but  a good time he asks you if you would like a bottle of water soda etc. and last night Lam was serving up Gummi bears for all his clients . LOVE THIS PLACE 5 STARS FOR SURE !
5	I recently moved to Vegas from Orange County, California.  It took me forever to find a good manicurist in CA who could deal with my sensitive skin and thin nails, so I was a bit nervous to try a new place.  I quickly learned I had no reason to be anxious. Everyone is very friendly and you don't feel like you are just being pushed through.  You even are offered a free water/sod and they offer a shuttle service!  Hurray for small local businesses. Most importantly, the quality of work is amazing and at an affordable price.  (I had tried out one of the Vegas hotels a week or so ago--- talk about high prices!)  I will definitely be back for my future pedicures and gel manicures.  And with all the colors they have (I notice a lot of places have limited gel selections), there is a lot to try.And, of course, the obvious wonderful thing about this place-- it's open until midnight!  Yes, it is off of Industrial, which might give some people some pause, but the area doesn't feel at all "dangerous." There is lots of well-lit parking in the lot in the front.  Yes, there are strip clubs in the area, but it's Vegas and strip clubs mean security people.Do schedule an appointment though!  Good places are popular and this is no exception.
5	Just landed in Las Vegas to celebrate my mom's 60th birthday & had some time to kill before the room was ready so went to get my nails done. The hotel's salon prices were unfortunately out of my range (and may I also mention kind of really inflated). Thanks to Yelp, I found this gem of a place and they were reasonably priced. Called them as soon as they opened. The owner answered and was able to fit me in(due to a cancellation), let me tell you, I was elated! The best part, he offers a free shuttle service for customers at hotels that are close by. He came to pick me up in 10 mins, just the nicest guy! And just to top it off the ladies who did my nails were super sweet & did a fantastic job! The total for my gel manicure & regular pedicure was $55, such a deal! So happy with my nails, whether you're a local or a just coming in for a weekend you really need to give this place a try, you won't regret it! If I lived in the area I'd be a regular. :)
5	Last night was my first time going to AmPm nails and it wasSuperb!!! I got stiletto acrylic nails WITH Big Apple Red polish by OPI for only $35 at 9pm! Seriously the best nail service I've ever had in over 20 years of getting my nails done! The New Management is fabulous. Shuttle service for surrounding hotels on the strip... Beverages while you get your services done... Beautiful, clean restroom... Happy friendly staff... All around a fabulous experience !
5	Holy smokes! This place blew me away! We had a party of twelve today prepping for a wedding tomorrow. The staff was speedy, expert, courteous and accommodating. No point of service was forgotten...from shuttling us to and from the salon from our strip hotels, to champagne and cookies when we arrived, to closing the doors to walk-ins so we could feel perfectly at home. I love my manicure and pedicure, and was sooo impressed with how each of ours turned exactly as we wanted!
5	I absolutely love this place. I probably will never go anywhere else unless I have absolutely no choice... Great little spot to come at night :) employees are nice and the owner is really cool too. Definitely try this place out, you will not regret it!
4	I just moved out to Vegas & have been searching the highs & lows to find a quality nail salon. AmPm defiantly won me over it's nearly a couple miles from the strip but far enough to honor affordable prices. The owner even offers a complimentary shuttle service to & from the establishment! Honestly you can't ask for better customer care. I came in late Tues night they were very accommodating got me started right away, as well as offering a cold beverage. It's beautifully decorated and super clean. I get gel on my hands & toes I've never seen a place with so many color options! There service is thorough and quick. Not rushed or messy at all I was happy they did such a great job in a timely matter. Might I add the foot massage was amazing :) :) I'm defiantly returning & would refer them with confidence you'll leave satisfied!
5	Cathy did a great job on my nails. LOVE LOVE LOVE them. Did gel nails and gel toes. So thin so perfectly shaped.
5	We arrived in Vegas and cold called a nail salon based on Yelp reviews.  AMPM was more than we expected. They offered a shuttle service from our hotel, had wonderful clean service and accommodated us at very short notice.  We will definitely be back!
4	I was recommended to come here by a coworker. the place was great I got a pedi and a polish change . They had great customer service asked if i liked something to drink right when I walked in . And they did a great job on my nails very happy!!!
5	Awesome service!  Called for an appointment and they allowed me to come before they officially opened. They helped me find the right course of action for what I wanted. They only suggested what I needed. They didn't have outrageous prices either. Mrs. Bella's work ethic is unmatched!  I will visit again with my friends and family.  Definitely recommend their pedicure!  Omg you won't regret it
5	My second time going to this place,  so far it's great. Great customer service great staff. I love how they always do my nails. I always get them stellito and they always come out looking gorgeous. Thank you! I would recommend anyone to come here.
5	Came here with my friend on our trip to vegas on a whim. This is literally the best pedicure experience I've ever had. It is a small salon with limited staff, and the general area seemed a bit creepy in my opinion.The owner not only offered drinks (soda or water) but also drove us back to our hotel. They also offer complimentary shuttle service, which I thought was cool.My nails were done nicely and staff were friendly. The whole experience was very pleasant. Highly recommend this place.
1	Let's start with the neighborhood. Strip clubs and massage parlors. Next, pedi chairs that need repair. Now let's talk about the pedi. Clippers are not sharp and when they don't cut, just peel the skin back till it bleeds and pulls off. Now I need to manage a cut and watch for infections. 7 minute massage, guess I did not notice it. Watch for the up selling for basic services that should be included.
5	They were at my hotel to pick me up in less than 5 minutes. Now that's amazing! The art work on the walls is super cheesy and with a little effort they could make it much nicer, but overall the experience was great! The massage was really nice too! If you need something quick and you don't want to pay high hotel prices check this place out!
5	Not only is this place open till midnight, they have excellent customer service! They are so friendly! I got white tip and a pedi and they look amazing! I highly recommend this place! They were not pushy and made me feel welcomed! Great hospitality!
5	Very rarely do I get my nails done, and to be honest I've been hesitant to try anywhere new after a painful experience at a Galleria Mall nail salon a few years back.I called AM PM last night to book an appointment for today after reading their reviews here. There was no convenient time for me available during their regular business hours, so the owner offered to meet an hour before they open to accommodate my schedule. Very thankful!!The owner helped me decide what I was looking for (a gel manicure and pedicure, costing $55), as I was not knowledgeable about the typical current options. Very thorough and helpful in describing the product, service, and removal process of the gel, the owner made every effort to make my experience wonderful.He started my foot soak, and Bella finished the pedicure and manicure with such expertise. I am so happy with my first-ever gel manicure & beautiful pedicure!The only imperfection about the entire experience was that the gel polish got a little messy and cured onto my skin...nothing a few hand-washings can't cure.I do also want to mention how pleased I was with the cleanliness and sanitary appearance and process of the salon. I would definitely recommend them!
1	Ok- One thing is for DAMN sure.. I am HIGHLY DISAPPOINTED!!! I was SO BUMMED TOO because the owner, Lam, is super sweet WHERE DO I EVEN BEGAN--I just moved to Vegas and desperately needed a new nail salon, so I came onto Yelp, of course, and began reading through the reviews... I am not very picky, but there are certain requirements I seek in a nail salon before I decide to go there--1. Open late. (AM/PM is open till 12am-+1 yay!)2. They do 3D nail designs (Based on the pictures at AM/PM they definitely do 3d nail art and the pictures look perfect!+2)3. Glitter powder. (They have it! +3)4. RHINESTONES (Have it! +4)5. Something AM/PM had that was out of the norm but was a bonus FREE SHUTTLE SERVICE +56. They do my feet and hands at the same time (which nail place wouldnt? AM/PM didnt, and i asked -1)..I had to go there ASAP... I really am VERRRYYY PARTICULAR ABOUT MY NAILS .. I like them clean but with lots of bling and I pay close attention to the shape. Anyways, so I woke up at my usual time 3 pm and started getting ready for my night at the nail salon (I usually am at the nail salon for 3-4 hours)...I finally make it there at 8 pm and there is 2 guys (one being the owner Lam, love him!) and a women(the owners wife), I go with the other gentleman and the women tells me to pick out a color for my pedicure (THEY DO HSAVE A LARGE VARIETY OF COLORS and had all my favs ...for once i didnt have to use the nail polish i brought from home. +5) He starts doing my toes and first off...he asks me what pedicure do i want? HOW DO I KNOW HE DIDNT HAND ME A MENU and I have never been there. I told him a normal pedicure. He starts doing my toes and first off he doesn't cut me cuticles -1..When he is about to put on the polish he puts on a warm towel and wraps my leg then he starts to apply the polish (I couldnt decide which grey or pink I wanted and i told him that and he just started putting on a grey n pink that i said i might like more but didnt ask me and i was not pleased with the outcome -2) I wanted a design and I showed him a picture a few pictures, and it looked nowhere near the picture. I am looking at my toes now and I cant even see the design i just see random lines and dots and some rhinestones -3, HE DIDNT PUT LOTION ON MY FEET OR CLEAN THE BOTTOM OF MY FEEL THEY WERE STILL BLACK FROM MY SANDALS AND MY FEET WERE ALL CRACKY AND DRY BECAUSE OF THE ABSENCE OF LOTION,, he cut my toe nails WAY TOO SHORT, i barely even have any toe nails and they hurt. and under my toe nails is DIRTY,. Now my NAILS. I came in for A FILL and shape change into coffin shape, and design change. A FILL ENDED UP COSTING WITH A PEDICURE $110 ARE YOU OUT OF YOUR MIND? PLUS ITS BY FAR THE WORSE NAILS I EVER HAD1. The design i showed him was glitter pink tips with quilted white lines and rhinestones on one whole nail. -- I got glitter pink tips...NOT QUILTED, one rhinestone nail but the rhinestones arent even covering the whole nail and the rhinestones arent even touching, so you can see the white tip outline underneath, my rhinestones are crooked -- its on the top of the tip dividing the clear nail bed and the tip so its super noticeable that its crooked2. Coffin Shape-- That too is CROOKED, on the sides of the nail you can see my real nail and he didnt clean under my nails so its all dirty, the top coat of gel polish is crooked and lumpy and doesnt even cover the whole nail and has bubbles.3. He didnt cut my cuticles AGAIN my toes and nails I HATE THAT You can TOTALLY see the cuticles around my nails it looks awfulWhile he was doing my horrid nails at the end he must of put on 10 or 11 gel top coats filing them in between (each nail is crooked and one side is diagnal for the coffin shape the other side of the nail is straight) I was SPEECHLESS. I DO NOT RECCOMMEND THE guy NOT EVER!!! BY FAR THE WORSE NAIL EXPERIENCE AND OUTCOME I HAVE EVER HAD. I HAVE NEVER HAD SO MANY PROBLEMS IN MY WHOLE ENTIRE LIFE. I AM IN TEARS!!!!
5	Great place. They have excellent customer service and they are open late. They did a great job for our last minute walk in. They also provide a free shuttle service if you need it. Love this place.
3	I came here for a little pre-birthday pamper for myself. I received a mani/pedi. For my mani, I received the Silver Package, which included a nail trim and shaping, a foot and heel scrub, a cuticle grooming, a polish, an exfoliating sea salt scrub, a marine mask, a warm towel wrap and a 7 minute massage, all for just  $50. The nail tech did cut 2 of my cuticles during the mani, so, of course, her tip was cut, accordingly. Also, I left my polish and I went to retrieve it 2 days later (it took me 2 days because i came here on a Wednesday, Thursday was Thanksgiving and they were close. So I came on Friday) and the staff looked at me like my nose was on upside down, I talked to the entire staff the day of my mani/pedi, the nail tech was even from Chicago, I get you have a thousand and one customers, but come on. I did get my polish, it was a $9.00 bottle of OPI, I was NOT leaving Vegas without it. I would probably come back.
5	This place was great! I come from LA so I was afraid I would end up at in n out type of place just so they can get me out, but to my surprise this place was actually awesome. Customer service fantastic, I got what  I wanted, simple but vegasy. They have tons of colors and designs to choose from. Very happy customer!
5	We celebrated my mom's birthday here and we got the works for her.  It was such a joy to see her get a manicure for the first time (ever) and also get her feet pampered.  We booked the platinum package and had the best service.Staff: delightful, friendly, helpful, and patient Location: near the strip and they come pick you up (how awesome is that?)Price: totally affordable and worth every pennyWe will be coming back again when we visit Las Vegas.
5	I went here to get my nails done the day before my wedding (September 19, 2014) with some of my bridesmaids. The whole salon did a absolutely wonderful job taking care of us! We got picked up from Ti, where we were staying, which was super convenient. The ladies that did our nails were so friendly and accommodating. My nails looked GREAT! I had so many compliments on them that day and days later. My polish lasted at least a week without chipping which is unheard of for me. Also, their prices are fantastic! I would totally go back here next time I'm in Vegas. Highly recommend!
