1	Booked an appointment at Northlight Counseling a month ago, had my husband take the kids to preschool, arranged to be late to work, and navigated crazy Phoenix traffic for 60 minutes during rush hour only to have them tell me they made a mistake and didn't have me on their schedule. Now they can't get me in for another month! Ugh! I don't think I will be going back. They did apologize, but I will not risk having this happen again.  It's too bad because I had heard good things about Dr. Hicks.
1	Northlight, their front counter employees and their office manager seem to be more interested in getting your money than they are in getting you better. They are one of those companies who catch phrases are, "You owe us $____" and "Our policy is _____". I was actually starting to establish a good rapport with the providers I was working with, if they moved to a different company I would seek them out but never EVER again will I consider dealing with Northlight Counseling! In fact, Lindsey, the office manager was always extremely combative and added to my depression and during our last interaction actually suggested that I, "Find another company who's policies I approve of". In my opinion, that's not very sensitive handling of a patient who is in need of help with depression, anxiety and suicidal thoughts. I've been to numerous counseling places and have never been told to get lost before! I will miss working with Dr. Hicks, he is a very good psych and I will miss working with Dr. Davidson as well but when the office that is supposed to be helping you starts turning into the reason that you need to go there, it's time to get out.
1	I was very nervous about going to my appoinment- I'm new to therapy. I had an evening appointment and the front office was closed when I got there, so I started filling out my new patient paperwork just as a sign had instructed. There was a bell to ring for service but no one came when I rang it (three times over 40 minutes). As people (I assume they were other therapists) came out of offices, no one acknowledged me or returned my smile. I finally got someone to take my paperwork and continued to wait. I got into my appointment about 15 minutes late. That happens and I don't fault anyone for that, but my appointment was also cut short. My therapist was disinterested in the entire shortened session. I was dressed pretty nicely but had exposed tattoos that seemed to bother her. She stared and seemed distracted, making me feel the need to explain to her that I was a good person more than once. Mind you, I was there for self esteem and anxiety issues, so feeling judged by an apathetic therapist was pretty unsettling. She didn't smile, she wasn't warm, and she wasn't encouraging.After I left, I jokingly told someone that the therapy session helped in its own way because the woman I saw was so curt and unpleasant that it made me feel like a better person.
1	I haven't had an appointment with any of the providers here. I didn't make it past the front office staff before I realized that, even if they deemed me worthy of their help and time, I'd not be using their services. I previously had an appointment with them a year or so ago, and decided to go with another provider, and was fairly certain I had cancelled my appointment. When I called about 5 minutes ago to make an appointment, the response I received was very cold. I was informed that I had not cancelled my appointment, and that I needed to contact my insurance company for some vague reason. It was made very clear to me that I was not welcome to book an appointment with ANY of their clinicians. EVER. I can understand giving me a hard time, or even making me pay a fee. But to also make me feel like I was a criminal and categorically refuse me service was unkind. Honestly, I'm sure they're doing fine as a business and have plenty of satisfied customers. But I will not be among them. It's clear to me that either the person who took my call is a miserable human, or that the policies of this office are such that they care more about being paid and being punitive than they do about helping people. What if I had been a suicidal caller? They have no idea what kind of problems I might have. They didn't care. Just categorically accused me of daring to "no-show" to an appointment and then wanting some compassionate care. Alright. Good luck as a business. Apologies for my arrogance.
5	Northlight Counseling and Associates, (Therapists and Doctors) have saved my life in so many ways. The cognitive behavioral therapist truly challenged me to hit the core of what I have been struggling with for many years. I have been to many therapists over the years, until I was referred here, and I haven't had to seek  any further.  This agency truly appears to care about their clients well being and personal growth. They truly appear to adhere to an important ethical counseling mandate. I receive individual and now, family counseling with my child, which I trusted would be a strong support. The administrators have an open door policy, and have taken any concerns I've had and it was resolved, which was empowering, because I felt heard. They also  appear to truly know their therapist and physicians strengths, when trying to match a clients need to a certain therapists individual approach for a delivery of services, that is in the best interest of the client.   I also have to give a positive "shout out" to the Mesa  office administrative support staff....they are the BEST....so accommodating, professional and makes you feel welcomed prior to your appointment, which is very awesome since this can be an intimidating process its your first experience.
1	Wow! I had such a traumatic experience trying to visit this place! . . . and I never even got past the front desk. When I arrived for my appointment, the receptionist who greeted me from behind the desk was extremely angry, unpleasant, and rude. The first thing I hear is her yelling at me, "I'm on the phone!" as she rolled her eyes at me. So, I nervously signed my name, sat down, and waited to be called. After waiting for quite a while, she grumbled my name and asked for my completed forms. I told her that I did not have any forms with me and no one told me about any forms. She then just rudely pointed to boards hanging on the wall, rolled her eyes one more time, and ordered me to complete it. She also asked for my insurance card; however, before I could even pull the card completely out of my wallet she just snatched it out of my hands, sighed, and told me to go sit down. At that moment, I could not believe how bad I was being treated as a brand new patient for absolutely no reason. I felt so uncomfortable, unwelcome, and threatened at a place where I came to feel safe and get help. I told her that I was canceling my appointment. She just looked at me and laughed. I left that office in tears, called the primary number and left the Office Manager a voice message. She later called me back and told me that they never had such an experience at the office and that I was the first patient to ever feel this way. She went on to tell me to find a different doctor as I was not a good fit for them. A couple of days later they called me and told me that they had reviewed my complaint and had decided not to accept me as a patient. I am speechless that a new patient trying to obtain mental health care in a new state with a new doctor can be treated with such hostility and neglect. And then after trying to notify them about these problems I was treated as if I was at fault and told to go find help somewhere else.  Unfortunately, now after seeing these other reviews, I don't think I am the first to have this experience. I will never get close to this office again, and I hope I can save other people from having the same "treatment."
