5	There's a reason that the Mad Cat listing on Willy Street has a nearly 5-star rating with 15+ reviews: the store (and more specifically the staff) is BEYOND COMPARE.  You will not find a better pet supply store in Southern Wisconsin, so don't bother trying.I was introduced to MadCat about two years ago, and I've never looked back.  The staff is friendly and knowledgeable - there aren't any drones whacked-out on bite-sized candy bars buzzing-about aimlessly; I get the distinct and sincere impression that the employees truly love animals, know their stuff, and enjoy their jobs.  On more than one occasion I've snuck-in just prior to closing and have always received super helpful service - no stink-eye stare, no "don't you know we're closed?!" attitude.  It's refreshing.MadCat features higher-end products, and as such, they are likely to cost more than the stuff you'll find at the typical big box stores.  I don't have kids, and I think the world of my pets, so I'm willing to splurge on the better things for them.  I also appreciate that MadCat features a lot of products that are made right here in the good 'ole US of A - I'll happily let go of a few extra sheckles to help my fellow countrymen.Long story short, go to MadCat if you want:- Great service- Friendly staff- Helpful, meaningful advice- High quality products- Clean, well-lit, easy-to-navigate storeMadCat also partners with local shelters; I believe they have local groups on site during the weekends.  I've also heard MadCat delivers large items if necessary.  They have some wicked cool cat trees that are quite large, so I may test this service in the very near future.And finally, if you're addicted to those little bite-sized candy bars, I've spied Andes Candies at the checkout counter, so your sweet tooth won't go home lonely if you decide to check this place out.
5	I agree with Steve L. Mad Cat is an awesome pet store, better than any I ever found in any other city. They carry all the best brands of cat foods and a HUGE selection of useful accessories like litter boxes, toys, pet carriers and beautiful hand-made cat trees. Every time I go to Madison, I like to stop here and stock up.
5	I've been back to MadCat countless times since my first review, and with every visit it's more of exactly the same:- QUALITY products- SUPER friendly service- AWESOME staffI could continue to gush about MadCat and its wonderful staff, but I won't.  Just do yourself a favor and check them out in person.  You won't be disappointed.  I'd visit them even if I didn't have any pets.  That's how great they are.
5	I love this store. I always get all my pet supplies from MadCat. Plus, on Saturdays, they have kitty adoption fairs! Between the excellent staff, the good quality products, and the fluffy, happy kitties, who could ask for more? :D
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE this store!!  Everyone there is so nice and helpful!  The store is beautiful and so well organized.  Fantastic selection of products to choose from.  We will never go anywhere else.  Mad Cat will always be the only pet supply store we will go to......  they are truly the BEST!!   Go there, you will be happy you did!
5	Best pet store on the West side. Everyone is nice and helpful. It's clean and stocks a lot of products. This is my go to store when I'm needing to pick up items on this side of town!
