2	I have eaten at other Garcia's before, but this new location isn't as good.  I ordered a grilled sirloin burrito and the steak tasted rancid.  The server replaced it without issue with my second choice of Monterey Chicken.  The kid's meal came with fries that were dripping with oil and soggy.  I wouldn't eat here again.
1	Bad service and bad food.  I ordered the chicken fajita's and the chicken was all dark meat and overspiced.  I've had better Garcia's experiences but I'm souring on the chain.
1	The Mr. wanted enchiladas, we were in the area, I agreed to try this place out, neither of us had ever been.He proceeds to order cheese enchiladas with no onions and is told, everything is pre-made with onions!...WTF!! I wanted to leave but he decided to try the Fajitas, I got a tostada and tortilla soup. Not even picture worthy. Tasted like premade crap, and La Victoria canned beans!SO let's just play a fun game with the name here:Sounds Like: Garcia'sBARFcia'sGROSScia'sDiarrhea'sI think you get the picture.......I would not recommend going here...
1	Garcia's is neither Mexican, nor Food.  Anyone wanting authentic Mexican needs to stay away from this and other "chain" restaurants.  Here in AZ, you can pretty much throw a rock in any direction and hit a good, family owned and operated Mexican place that's TO DIE FOR.  Stay away from the chains.  A hint?  If it's got orange cheese all over the place, IT AIN'T REAL MEXICAN.
3	I like to come here when I don't feel like driving far for Mexican food. This restaurant is very Americanized, but its still decent Mexican food. I enjoy their fajitas, which come out on a sizzling hot skillet, with onions and peppers, with all the side toppings you can think of and of course it's accompanied with rice and beans. Another favorite dish of mine is the pollo fundido. This is basically a chicken chimi with a special sauce on top. I find myself liking the special sauce at Serrano's better, but Serrano's has nothing on the actually dish. Man if I could mix the two, I would be in chicken and special sauce heaven!The one constant complaint I have about this place is the service. Every time we visit, the waiters and waitresses seem to be distracted by other things, for example games on the TV, other waiters or waitresses, or talking to the hostesses upfront. Your experience can really be ruined by having to wait long time for each part of your meal; it should flow smoothly if you care to do your job correctly. I have never been here when it's packed with customers, its always empty and very laid back, so they definitely have the time to make every table happy. If the service was up to par 4 stars for sure, the only reason I gave it a 3 is because I leave here every time with a HUGE FOOD BABY! Mmmmmmmmm
4	First visit. Above average service. Great food. The fajita beef was exceptional. The chicken enchiladas were very good. Really loved the bean dip that was served with the chips and salsa. Will definitely return.
5	We ate here twice recently, and had huge plates of delicious food, including the basics, like tacos and their yummy and elaborate appetizer plates.  Really, you could just order appetizers and have more than enough to eat.  We ordered the fried ice cream for dessert again, and was sooooo good.  Outdoors can get crowded, but we were seated right away inside.  Service was great, and we were happy to use a 50% off coupon!  We'll be back....
1	This is the best place for dirty hairy sloppy tasteless mexican food. We dined in and had the worst experience for any chain. Upon entering,it smelled like it hasn't been cleaned in a month. The restaurant was not busy when we arrived,and we had to  wait  to be seated. Upon being seated, we ordered drinks. Chips and  salsa did not arrive until our meal arrived.  We had a visible dark curly hair in our meal. I had a piece of avocado skin in my guacamole. I noticed there was food on walls near our table. They didn't have covers for the kids cups, nor kids cups. The management should seriously consider an overhaul of their day to day practices. This restaurant would never pass the health standards of the health department.
