5	This,place is a the bomb!!!! Food is great,friendly staff,and greeted! great service!! Very,nice modern mexican style . Great music,variety,and even have all sport games on tv's! . Could be a fast Food thing or a nice dine inn. Wife and kids loved it,and we,go almost every weekend. It's a must!!!!
4	Saw this place for the first time and  the sign definitely got my attention, so i decided to try it and got a Torta of Pastor and a quesadilla. I must admit I am extremely picky when it comes to good mexican food, but this place is definitely good. I cannot give it a 5 star rating yet based on the fact that i have not had the tacos, but if the tacos are as good as the Torta and the Quesadilla were then consider my next rating a 5 star. Great food + Great Service = Great first impression and definitely will be coming back!
4	I stopped by here this week. I'm glad I did.  I first ordered Al Pastor Torta.  Took me just a minute to woof it down.  I had to order Carne Asada Costra. Both dishes we're great, but the portions were small. Before I thought of ordering another dish, I just took my cheesecake flan to go.  I would definitely come here again, but when I'm not as hungry
5	Great place to eat one of the best tacos in Vegas, also friendly staff thanks.
5	I have had the tacos, tortas, constra, fish tacos, and all their salsas. EVERYTHING IS TREMENDOUS. The owner is one of the nicest guys and all the employees remember my smiling face.
2	I'm not impressed at all. I don't get it. The tacos are nothing more than a tiny bit of meat on a tiny corn tortilla. That is it. I can make that at home and the tortillas I use are way better. My son had the chicken taco. The chicken was bland. I had the barbacoa and it was ok. I've definitely had better. My husband tried the Al Pastor and that was acutally very good. That was very flavorful but he said the fact that it was served in a tiny, not even cooked corn tortilla made it less than impressive. Nothing comes with sides. Those are extra.  So, if you're hungry, order more than one taco and sides. The taco comes with zero toppings. If you want salsa, or any kind of topping you have to visit their salsa bar. There was no cheese. I guess if you want cheese you have to ask for it.  We've been in Las Vegas for four years and have yet to find really good Mexican food. Leticia's is the closest we've come. How is it that Western Nebraska can have sooo many good Mexican restaurants and Las Vegas has The Taco Spot. ???
4	Located near The Cracked Egg and Tea Time; Upon arriving I believe the owner of the place who was very friendly and helpful. He explained how the menu works, he said the tacos were very popular with the Al Pastor meat. The Costras is what caught my eyes, I didn't know what it was but it sounded good. I ordered the Costras with Al Pastor meat which is a bed of tortilla topped with marinated meat and layered with mozzarella cheese, topped with their salsa. The salsa was really good, it was their own recipe which had pineapples in it. Definitely a must try! I also ordered a tres leche cake to go...the cake was delicious and it was only $3.00.
2	The employees were really friendly and courteous. The  tacos are small and for $2 a taco I can get the same tacos at another place I recently reviewed for less. The steak is really good. We ordered chicken also and I could taste the chorizo that was left on the grill in the chicken. They also didn't give us our chips and salsa we ordered to go. Overall not a horrible place but pricey for the portions. I'll just go across the street for the same prices.
1	Were do I start. The costra was burnt to a crisp, and yet they still served it. The chips were stale and when we brought to the supervisors attention rather than addressing it she told us that's how they are, and they were just cooked not long ago. As we watched her walk into the back with her lunch she came back out to get chips for herself. And within two minutes she popped up at our table with a refund apologizing for the chips, but wouldn't take the time to try one initially . She chose to be subtly confrontational . When I showed her my inedible costra ( the infamous ) she said its supposed to be browned. Gotta see the picks to believe it. Under see photos. 3 rd and last visit was today . Only a matter of time before doors are closed. No business can be that oblivious to the product they are selling.I had to give it one star that it wasn't worthy of so I could complete my review.
4	This place opened on December 15th. We originally went to Tea Time when we found out about this place months before it was open. The owner seemed really excited about this spot, which made us want to come back and try his grub. Meats are flavorful and juicy. I tried many different items including the Tinga, Carnitas, and Al Pastor. Then I went for the Sonoran Style Hot Dog. To finish off, I had the Tres Leches cake. All food was delicious. It wasn't super-special, but this place will definitely catch people's attention in the area that it's in because there aren't too many other places like it around the northern area.
2	Was super excited to eat here. Was greeted by the owner and he mentioned the  2 taco  special with a side of rice and refried beans (pinto or black) and a drink. Thought it would be a great way to try out the food and opted to eat at the restaurant. It took a very long time for my order to be ready and people that placed orders to go received their food before I did. The beans were spicy and seemed to have been flavored with chorizo, wish I had know that before ordering, not a fan of chorizo. The rice was a bit dry and bland. Like mentioned in previous reviews the portions were small. The tacos looked delicious. To my disappointment the al pastor was dry, over salted, and there were a lots of pieces of fat. The chicken alambre  taco was flavorful but the corn tortilla kept breaking apart, it was uncooked. Overall, for the food was nothing special and since I didn't care for the rice, beans or al pastor it was not a good deal.Reaffirms that making the drive to Tacos el Gordo is definitively worth it, delicious authentic tacos, inexpensive, and worth the wait!
5	The food was delicious and they aren't skimpy on the portion sizes. If you love cheese the way I do you'll love the costra!
2	The tacos look like dog food and taste like barf. I would eat anywhere but here again.
1	I came across my receipt for this place and realized the one good thing about it - $35 to feed 6 people.  Otherwise - every single person in my party did not like their food.  I had the torta with shredded beef, it was passable.  The kids got taquitos - which are just corn soft tortillas with unseasoned steak bites.  Yuck.  Most others got tacos and were just unimpressed with the seasoning of the meat, or how little fixings they came with.  Just meat and a taco shell.  That's not what I think of when I think of street tacos (not like I know them, but I *imagine* cilantro, onions, and a bit of pico).  Well that's what a guero imagines what it would be like.  To be fair, some of that stuff is at the condiment bar, but we just couldn't piece together a good meal out of it.  Anyways.  I really wanted to like this place.  Oh and their diablo sauce = super false advertising.  Not spicy at all.  Even for a gringo.
4	I'm going here for lunch today. They're offering meal deals in celebration of Cinco de Mayo. I've never been disappointed and often pleasantly surprised. Desserts are homemade delights! Text the words TACOSPOT to the number 90210 to be alerted about instant specials.
5	Just watched a customer bring two burritos back to the counter because they weren't wrapped well enough to eat by hand (they're pretty large) and ask that they be re-wrapped. The owner had the staff make two new burritos for the customer instead. The WiFi is still free but you need the code from the cashier, now. (Hint: It's the Taco Spot phone number)
3	The Bacon Wrapped Hotdog was really good!!! I was expecting more out of the tacos being that their name is THE Taco Spot!!! However, They do have great salsa!!!
4	Service was good. Our table had a chicken tinga taco, fish taco, steak quesadilla, chorizo quesadilla, black beans and refried beans. Everything was flavorful and a good value for the money except the refried beans, those needed some help. Great salsa bar selections.
2	I was not terribly impressed with the tacos--tortillas didnt hold up, beans tasted like they were out of a can and rice was salty...too many good mexican places in town to bother with this one!!
2	I was not impressed at all with this place. To be completely honest, I went to Robertos right after to get more food. To start the meal was overpriced. The portion size was much smaller than Cafe Rio or Roberto's and the quality was not even close. The pork was dry and the tortillas were not very good. They also did not have dessert when I was there. Why have it on the menu? Just a tease! I will not be returning!
3	After reading the reviews I thought I'd stop in here last night.  Unfortunately it appears they're closed.  In the suite where I thought there restaurant should be, it's empty.BTW, had to give this place a star rating otherwise Yelp wouldn't let me post this message, so I went middle of the road.  Note I did not eat here.
4	This place is closed. Sad because it was good and different than other taco places around.
5	excellent fresh hot food brought to your table very very fast. nice employees and pretty clean. i give them 4 stars! thanks!
4	very good tacos... love the steak tacos!!!
1	My husband ordered two tacos: one chicken, one veggie. He could barely choke down the chicken and had to send the veggie back to be redone. I had a steak quisidella which was so dissapointing! Tasted like they used Steakems or something. The employees kept hiding in the backroom.
