5	I love this little pub. It has a great Scottish feel to it - lovely and cosy in the winter. The staff are very good too. It's an excellent place to pop into for a quick pint before going off to visit the Royal Mile.
3	stopped in here for a pint of ale after walking miles and miles around edinburgh. great location on the royal mile but not crowded with tourists. go around back and you'll see the courtyard where the old gallows used to be. not a huge selection of ales but the mc ewan's 70 shilling was tasty and refreshing, served somewhat warm-- just like a good cask ale was meant to be!
4	A lovely little traditional Scottish pub -- beautiful low beamed ceilings, no music, muted carpeting and minimal decoration, extremely hospitable staff... During my week in Edinburgh I found myself here multiple times, it's just so terrifically cozy, I enjoyed about a dozen each of McEwan's 80, Tennent's Lager, and Belhaven's Best... A really great place to converse with good friends and waste away the day in a wonderfully serene atmosphere.
5	My fav. on the Royal Mile. It's well hidden inside Lady Stair's Close in front of Writer's Museum. It's tucked into a side wall and down some steps once you enter the Close from the Royal Mile. Not that many tourist here, or any drunken Stags or Hens acting like idiots. Very traditional and laid back, no loud music. You wouldn't know it was a pub from the outside either. 2 picnic tables in front and a plain white plastered wall with 2 plain windows are all you see, making it look more like an entrance to nice flat. A simple sign hangs out front. The customers spilled out into the Close, drinks in hand, standing & chatting in groups casually, something you couldn't do if the pub were on the main street. Inside is a treasure too. It's old wood beams crossing every 2 feet on the ceiling, painted on the spaces between the crossbeams, and a white, clean stucco wall with charming pastoral pictures hung around the place. The bar is narrow but long, accommodating around 60 people that night, and it was packed. The atmosphere isn't living room, and isn't modern chic, but it's warm and cozy without having cloying wood everywhere. (They have nice modern toilets above the bar, something unusual in a pub like this, I think.) They had Real Ale, cask ales, freshly hand cellar pulled as well as the regular swill. Overall, my favorite of all the bars in the immediate area.
4	On a visit to edinburgh I checked out some places to have a pint on qype and this place came up. It is tucked away in a small court yard & wouldn't have found it if I wasn't looking. It is a very small bar in a small cellar but with a friendly atmosphere. Had a bowl of soup & toasted sarny with a pint and enjoyed it. Worth a visit, I would go back if up the royal mile.
4	My mum absolutely loves coming here every Sunday for their pub quiz....and you know what? So do I! Let's look at the facts....a seedy looking old-man's pub in the heart of tourist-land in Edinburgh - yeah, I wasn't too keen either. But I learnt my lesson...the same lesson I learnt that fateful night watching Susan Boyle on Britains Got Talent - never judge a book by its cover.Yeah it's a tradtional pub and yeah you can tell the clientele have been going there for years. When my mum and I first started going to the pub quiz we were greeted somewhat coldly, but once they realised we had no general knowledge and positively sucked at World Geography, we got a few more smiles.So, overall it's a brilliant pub and has a great quiz every Sunday. Look out for my mum and I in the corner, we'll be the ones making our way through the wine
4	As the name promises you can spend here a jolly evening with your friends either in summer in a lovely little treasure of a backyard/court or on a cold day inside next to a heating fireplace.Charming stuff which make you feel comfortable, great choice of Ales, and atmospheric interior.Well done, Jolly Judge!
5	I love the Jolly Judge! I go there whenever I'm in town and can't wait to get back!A great warm place to have a good drink and good conversation with friends.
2	Hyped in my tourist guide. Nice ambiance, but neither the beer nor the whisky collection impressed me (and frankly, I do expect that in Edinburgh). It even had a tv with sports on, was I back in the US?
4	I can cut through James Court in my backyard and pop into the Judge for a quick pint whenever I fancy -- no need to hit the Mile at all! Of course, the downside to this proximity is that drunk revelers can do the same, so that every Friday and Saturday night I go to sleep with the hoots and hollers of rowdy men in my ears.I can't hold it against them, though; the JJ is a great place to enjoy a few pints and plenty of banter. The bar staff aren't over friendly but that's just fine. It's a cozy little place without a hint of the tourist vibe that most places on the Royal Mile ooze.
3	Low ceilings, lots of wood, hidden in an alley off the Royal Mile.... despite its proximity to all the most touristy things in town, this place feels authentic.  And despite its closeness to the university, there is seldom a student in sight.  The Jolly Judge is a lovely little pub in which to enjoy a pint or two of real ale on a quiet evening.  Not really a boisterous crowd here, at least on the nights I have been.  But, sometimes, that's okay.  Sometimes you just want a quiet pint in a place that feels, well, real.
4	beer, a book and my dog... a pretty perfect night if i do say so myself. i live, quite literally, around the corner from this place. it's also a stop on my favorite... edinburgh literary tour. it's got a fireplace. it's made from a ship. it's simply, heavenly.
4	Can be hard to find... hidden through an allay off the Royal Mile or through a court yard and watch out for the leaking drain pipe near the entrance!  Once instead it's a little gem of a place.  It's small but perfect and not too big to get rowdy so you can't hear yourself speak on a Saturday night.  There is a lovely fire so it gets real cosy.  Just a cute wee typical Scottish pub really.  Take a look at the clothes hooks on the wall too, I've often thought they look like funny wee octopuses ready for a fight?... but maybe that's just too many JDs?!
5	I like this bar. Yummy beer and cosy surroundings. A good place to lock out the outside world with a pint.
4	The Jolly Judge is a great traditional little pub just off the Royal Mile. Inside it is cozy (warm) and welcoming, while for the nicer days there are picnic tables so you can enjoy the architecture of the courtyard and the rare scottish sun.There is a decent selection of draft drinks (real ale and craft lager) alongside a good range of spirits. Whilst just off the Royal Mile the Jolly Judge never feels like a tourist trap, prices are average and there is a mixture of locals and visitors.The only downside is that the Jolly Judge is a bit of a mobile black spot, though they do offer wireless which compensates for this somewhat. Overall this is simply a good pub.
4	Love this pub! Here are the reasons:- its tiny and has an open fire- its dog friendly- it has out door seating-  loads of people dont know its there, so in the festival it can be a welcome break from the crowds- they do great booze - the staff are friendly - you find a proper mixed bag of people hereWhats not to like? :D
4	The Jolly Judge gets four stars because of what it has to offer as a package.Tucked immediately off the Royal Mile and down a set of stairs, it certainly gets its fair share of festivalling tourists, but you are also very likely to find smart locals who have decided to pop into town to take in the atmosphere and don't want to be crowded while they enjoy a pint.  And indeed the pints are to be enjoyed - especially the special Stewart's Brewing "Festival Ale" that's on tap just now.  Not only that, it's in a lovely (mostly) quiet courtyard space with outdoor seating for those rare warm sunny days.  A respite from the crowds, the Jolly Judge is probably the festival's best hidden gem.
4	I was pleasantly surprise when I entered the Jolly Judge. In my mind I was walking into somewhere that looked like the Halfway House, down towards Waverley, but not at all - this place has clean lines, comfy modern furniture and tasteful decor. It's as though Habitat never closed down.Small and friendly, a mix of tourists and locals, with limited food options but a reasonable range of drinks. Well worth a stop if you're up the top of the Mile.
4	Ok so I finally went in to this pub to see what the hubbub was all about. I have to say I was impressed. It was my perfect style pub, quiet, off the beaten path away from the rat race of the fringe. Place was clean, had good service, and good drinks. Didnt get to busy either which is great. I love a pub that I can just go sit down, not have to listen to a crowd or have to yell just to speak to someone. Those places can be fun sometimes but for me I prefer a nice quiet area. This place did that for me. Go here not for the food as they have a very small menu but for a quick or long relaxing pint.
4	A while back, I was doing the tourist thing on the Royal Mile when I ducked down a side street to avoid the crowds. It wasn't long before I found the Jolly Jude, and it was a discovery that made my afternoon. This pub was like a little cave, or at the very least, my cousin's basement. Yup, I'm not ashamed to admit that I like cozy, and this pub is the definition of cozy. I ordered the lunch special,  the plowman's lunch: fresh meat and cheese with a cold pint. The food was simple but hearty. The bartender was very helpful suggesting several brands of scotch for my buddy and I to taste. I have to admit that I didn't really know much about the "water of life" before I came to Edinburgh, but my barkeep did a really nice job of schooling me on the basic..now, I cringe whenever I see someone toss an ice cube in a glass of scotch.The locals, the food, and the atmosphere here where perfect. My only complaint, if you can call it that, is that the selection of beers where pretty much what I get back home. However that was really minor, and this will be one of my first stops when I return to Edinburgh
4	If you're looking for a living room atmosphere in the touristy section of Edinburgh, Jolly Judge is your place. Friendly bartenders who gave us good scotch recommendations. Well worth stopping by while you're in town to get the local feel
5	This is exactly what a pub should be like. Walk down and alley, down some stairs and into a warm cozy basement where you want to sit back and drink all night. Dare I say it's one if the best pubs in Edingburgh.
4	I have loved The Judge ever since I drunkenly stumbled across it looking for a shortcut to Princes Street one night.It's down an alley on the Royal Mile, one of many, but when you find it, you're laughing. It's a gorgeous little pub, that just *feels* right. There's a well stocked bar with a rotating choice of ales, well versed staff who offer advice and tasters where required, and a wide range of malts and the like.It's small and compact, but in the winter, it's absolutely perfect and toasty warm.A great place to set up camp for the night if you can get one of the tables, and a definite must stop place any time I'm in town.
