4	Nice staff! The breakfast is delish
2	I don't usually feel compelled to review fast food, but this Wendy's location has disappointed me so many times, it deserves a review.It fails at the primary goal of eating a CHAIN fast food restaurant: consistency.    Depending on when you go there, you might get  a great burger or an almost cold one where the cheese isn't even going to melt.The staff, as nice as most of them are, seem overworked, frantic at times and poorly trained.Asking them for a baked potato sometimes elicits a response akin to having asked them to predict the next set of lottery numbers. This is an example of how to do a Wendy's franchise in the WRONG way.I don't blame the kids who work there, I blame the management and franchise (?) owners.
2	Wendy's has been know to be cheap with their drink refills for years.  They kept the soda machine behind the counter, and their slow counter service discourages people for waiting for refills.    And they save money that way.  Well, many Wendy's have been outfitted with modern soda machines in the lobby.  This Wendy's has been refreshed, but for NOT have the new soda machines.  So if you are thirsty and there is a line at the ordering counter, prepare to wait forever or to give up and leave.   Any Wendy's where i have to wait behind old blue hairs counting out exact change to pay for their senior coffees gets a low rating.  It's fast food... I want things fast!  Interior is nice otherwise.  Chili is under filled....
3	Has a huge tendency to be very slow and backed up. Waiting doe drink refills is crazy. Summer is not so bad but in winter with the snowbirds it is horrible. Wendy's really needs to get more diet friendly meals and less fat in their so called healthy salads and things. This one is average
1	Eww. I ordered a cheeseburger from this spot, & was so grossed out by what they served up. Not normal, even for the low standards Wendy's has conditioned us to accept. For $1 a cheeseburger you might as well go to Waffle House, always open with $1 cheeseburgers too. At some point, customers will need to wake up to the fact that they are not in the business of serving good quality food for reasonable prices, they just want to take the money, & will leave you with a bag of nasty crap the dog shouldn't eat if that's what they think it takes to get your $1.
