5	Absolutely the BEST lash extension experience I've ever had! Hilaree has years of experience and uses only premium products such as medical grade adhesive. She offers many looks to choose from and is very thorough in her consultation as to be clear on the look you're going for. Her studio is quaint and very comfortable.  At no time was I uncomfortable or had any eye discomfort whatsoever.  I've never seen my lashes look more full, long or beautiful!  I'm in the beauty business myself and know a quality technician when I see one. Hilaree is the cream of the crop, the best in the business throughout the Vegas and Henderson valley. If you want the Cadillac of eyelash extensions then you'll want to book your appointment with Hilaree!
5	WOW!  That is all I could say once I looked in the mirror at how amazing my eyes looked.  I could not believe it was me!  Hilaree took the time to listen to what type of look I wanted.  I also wanted to know what she thought would look good.  Hilaree explained the whole process to me as I have never had lash extensions and was a bit nervous.  I have not even tried false lashes.  I love the look I get with mascara, but truly dislike putting it on each morning.  Having the lash extensions has made it easier (and more fun again) putting on make-up and getting out of the house to start my day.  Hilaree is a true professional, yet very friendly and sincere.  When a friend saw me with my new lashes, her immediate response was, "your eyes will create havoc when you are in public!"  Yes, I think that is what I want...people getting whip-LASH when they can't stop looking as I pass by!(:
5	This is one of the most fun things I have ever done for myself.  Hilaree is such an expert, she took my little crooked lashes and made me into a goddess. I have already been back for a fill and couldn't be happier, in fact I made 6 more appointments to stay extra glamorous!
5	I have Princess beautiful lashes!  It is so much fun to wake up with dark, full, pretty lashes.  Hilaree was so sweet, fun and professional.  She took time to discuss with me the look I wanted as well as how to care for my new princess pretty lashes.  Love my lashes and love Hillaree!
5	I first have to say a big fat Thank You to Hilaree for taking me on short notice, and for running super late! Then on top of that she was patient, kind, and attentive. She takes her time, and gets the job done. Needless to say I looked great! I will definitely go again.
5	Thanks to my fellow yelpers, I found myself falling asleep and practically snoring inside Hilaree's cozy room/salon as she applied my 240 poly lash-tastics.  She's got a fun personality, you just wanna keep her as a BFF.  -See pic-  I wanted a natural but bold look and I think that's just what she gave me.  They actually look quite natural & oh so purdy!!  She really turned my nekked nub-lashes into pretty little princesses. Great music too!Thanks Hilaree, you da bomb!
5	Let just start off by saying that I am very critical and very annal about anything having to do with my appearance.  I am beyond happy with the beautiful results of my plush lashes!  Hilaree not only took me in at a very short notice, but also took her time so that I would be truly happy with the end results. Believe me, if you saw my before pic, you would have thought I looked like an Asian man prior.  She explained the process and maintenance. She is honest and realistic and was the first person to do the most comfortable and flexible lash extensions that did NOT poke, pull or make my lids feel stiff or hard.  Hilaree's eyelash service is by far worth every penny spent and I personally would have given her 10 STARS out of five!!!  She has a good eye in the sense that she pays attention to exactly what you want.  OK yes, she has a great personality, but I think that her craftsmanship is far more important  and she does the finest work.  Also, if you do your research, you will see that Hilaree provides the most value too for eyelash extensions when compared to anyone one else.  Why spend more, when you get the same if not better service with "My Brand Lashes".  Hilaree has definitely gone beyond my expectations and I will be sure to go to her for the rest of my life.  I am truly sure that if you try out her services you will feel the same as I do and will be elated for the visual improvement!  By the way, if you call her first, she also provides other promotions, deals and packages that can suit your personal needs!  Good Luck on your search for a Lash Technician!
5	I have to say that Hillaree is one of the most professional and sweetest persons I've met.  This was my second experience with eyelash extensions.  My first one was very bad so I was very skeptical about finding a great place.  I looked at a few places before making my decision to book an appointment with Hillaree.  She's very knowledgeable on everything to do with lashes, I mean length, width, curl, you name it! I love how she makes my lashes look absolutely  gorgeous but most of all soo GLAM! ! And after I asked her to remove the lashes, all my natural lashes are all still there! All healthy and all. Can't believe how amazing they look (Which I can't say about the last time I had lashes and had them removed). I'm very happy with my lashes and with the overall experience. I Wouldn't change her for anything!
5	This review is long overdue! I can't say enough good things about My Brand Lashes. Hilaree does a fabulous job- you can tell she has such passion for what she does. She will help you achieve whatever look you are going for from natural to totally glam.Love this place!
5	One of the best at her craft! Not only an amazingly talented lash artist, but professional, hilarious, and genuine. Hilaree is the total package!
5	Lashes make me feel prettier. Thank you Hilaree for my beautiful lashes! I have been going to Hilaree for 1 year now. I have very sensitive eyes and skin. I also have seasonal allergies but Hilaree has been able to keep my lashes going for a whole year despite my skin sensitivities. I get the volume lashes now and they look beautiful . I used to get the traditional lash extensions by Hilaree and those were equally awesome . I hope you try her and love her as much as I do. Hilaree is an educator to other lash professionals and keeps up with the newest and best techniques & products for her students & clients.
5	I have had extensions done for over 2 years. Hilaree is by far the best lash artist I have ever seen. As a PA student in Nevada, I am obsessed with lashes because it saves me so much time in the morning-- especially when i have an exam that morning.So glad I found her :)
5	I had never had eye lash extensions done before, but I knew I wanted them for my wedding day. I was referred to Hilaree by a friend and booked an appointment 4 days before my wedding. I choose to get volume lashes with a D curl and all I can say is WOW. They were absolutely beautiful, I looked beautiful, and I felt beautiful. They even lasted through my honeymoon to Hawaii, swimming in the ocean, and high winds on top of a mountain! Very impressive and highly recommendable.
5	Hilaree is honestly the best lash artist out there! She very passionate about what she does. She is also very accommodating especially if you have a busy schedule! Definitely recommend her to anyone, no doubt!
5	Long overdue review! Hilaree is THE BEST lash artist there is. I'm nearly selfish enough to not recommend her because she's so amazing and I don't want her to be booked haha! I've been getting lash extensions for almost 2 years now and no one does them like Hilaree. These lashes only fall off when your real lash is shedding (cause you can see it come off with the extension). I do hot yoga and pilates at least 3 times a week and constantly wash my face. I've gotten my lashes done at other place like Cherry lounge and they literally are all gone by the 4th or 5th day. Such a waste! Hilaree also is extremely passionate about her work and she totally cares about her clients. She is so sweet and also super accommodating as well. If I'm tired she just wraps me up like a burrito and lets me fall asleep during the appointment. This woman has seen me in my most unattractive forms, or probably drooling and has never once said a thing about it! You can't even feel anything when she's putting the extensions on!!! I remember being able to feel everything with other artists. Same with the gel pads...she pretty much gets them perfect in one try and they are COMFORTABLE! Crazy right? Pretty much she's the best...that's all.
