3	My neighborhood go-to pizza takeout joint. Sadly, however, the quality of this place has gone a tad downhill. Today, NYD, our pizza arrived stone cold in a soggy cardboard box. And the XL size is now the size of a MED, which is bad news for two big hungry football watchin' dudes and a hung over gal (ahem, it is NYD, folks). Get it together, Vocelli's Swissvale. You are walking a very thin line. But, I am willing to give you another chance in 2012.
4	Oh, those pepperoni rolls!!!I've had nothing but good experiences with Vocelli since moving here this past May - in fact, this was the first place we ordered from, since it was so late by the time we got here that it was the only place open.  The online ordering system they have is slick and user-friendly, there are always coupons, and the food has always been hot and delicious on arrival. I'm holding back from giving it 5 stars because the only things that really wow me (and boy, do they wow me) are the pepperoni rolls and the breadsticks.  The small pizzas are a great size for two, the "Neapolitan" crust (kind of like a thinner, round Sicilian) is inventive and delicious, and the boneless wings are reliably good (if unimaginative).  The cheese sticks aren't really worth it, the "chicken tenders 'taliano" were a little greasy, and the hoagies weren't anything to write home about.  Go with the classics, and ask for extra sauce!(The fiance weighs in: The regular wings are good, the chicken tenders 'taliano are fine, the pizza is REALLY great!, and the sandwiches and boneless wings are underwhelming.  "And the cheese sticks, cheese bread, whatever the **** they call it, is NOT worth trying.")
4	Picked up a "well done" pepperoni, mushroom and green pepper, was done to perfection! The girl on the phone was helpful selecting a coupon and the staff inside were nice as well. Would pickup again for sure.
2	I had pizza from here for lunch yesterday, courtesy of a friend who I helped move.  I'd also had some from the Lawrenceville location at an event I attended over a year ago, also gratis.  In both instances, I wasn't impressed by the quality or taste.  The pizza is your pretty nondescript, standard chain pizza (not thin crust, but not deep dish either), akin to pizza from national chains such as Papa John's, Domino's, etc.  I actually prefer Papa John's to Vocelli, since I like their sauce better (smoother and sweeter) and the garlic sauce that comes with the pies.  I can't comment on toppings, since both times, I had plain cheese pizza (which is my standard for judging pizza quality, anyway).  I also can't comment on the price or service, since I didn't order in either instance.  There's way better pizza to be had in PGH (see my pizza list for suggestions), so do yourself a favor and patronize a great independent pizza place--or even a decent chain pizzeria, such as Papa John's or Pizza Hut.
