1	Horrible!  As a couple of "foodies" both my boyfriend and I WERE extremely excited to try out American Fish.  Being that it was opening night, we expected that the experience would not be up to par but we never imagined it would be terrible over all. We arrived for our reservation right on time and was sat by a confused hostess in a part of the restaurant that was apart from the dining room. (Mind you there were many empty tables in the dining room at the time). I asked to be moved from our out-of-the-loop ::wobbely;; table and they moved us to the dining room (finally). The waiter was extremely courteous but unfortunately he was not why we were dining there. The kitchen took about 45 min to present us with our appetizer. A crabcake. Literally ONE $18 crabcake. I'd rate it a 6/10 on taste. My poor boyfriend didn't like it....which wouldn't have been too bad if our entrees hadn't taken another 45 minutes. In the meanwhile the manager presented us with an "on the house" lobster roll which not only was disgusting but just made us more hungry staring at food we didn't want to eat. Eventually the entrees came. Mine was the sweet shrimp (served with the heads ::vomit::). Supposedly its cooked with some gourmet technique though it was worse than a 5 min marinade I could buy at the grocery store. My boyfriend ordered the pork.  Which was supposedly the "kobe of pork". Well they were right is comparison with portions and that's about it. The flavorless dish was smaller than your typical appetizer. They ended up comping our crabcake. Oh. And I forgot...our cauliflower au gratin side dish supposedly fit for two (it was half the size of any side dish I've ever had at any of Mina's restaurant). With that wait u think they would have comped the food we had to wait an hour and a half for! Guess they weren't interested in ours or our friends future business at all. No worries...they wouldn't have gotten it regardless.  Hey Michael Mina...this new venture is a lost cause. After eating at your XIV I was truly delighted I'm just disgusted and still hungry.
5	Not sure about the other review, but we went to American Fish tonight and it was absolutely phenomenol. The best trout Ive ever had, an interesting assortment on the plate, great classic cocktails. I have mixed feelings about ARIA overall, but this place was the highlight. For those tired of overpriced lackluster food (like Fix in the Bellagio) this is a place that really jumps out as special.
3	The food was good, but not spectacular.  We had recently gone to Michael Mina's restaurant in San Francisco and thought the food and experience was much better albeit more expensive; this place surprisingly did not seem like it had Mina's signature. With our $100 dining credit from the hotel where we were staying, we decided to try this restaurant.+ Loved that you can see the kitchen action through the floor to ceiling glass panes and you can see how they plate the food (they use All-Clad cookware)+ Our waitress was absolutely great and friendly and she even came up to talk to us about the restaurant when we went to observe the exposed kitchen after our meal+ Was running late for our reservation and they were very accommodating- Fire alarm went off with a flashing strobe light and the staff was unphased... though it didn't seem like the restaurant's fault, no one said anything to us (it seemed like it was a false alarm); all I could think of was... should we be concerned and were we supposed to do something?Dinner Notables:+ New England Lobster Roll ($15): very tasty with lobster prepared as a seafood salad and the creamy sauce that came with it was flavorful and delicious that I wanted to keep it for dipping the bread (I'm a big fan of seafood salad in general so I'm not sure about the lobster roll Jessica A. had)+ Malt Vinegar Fries ($9): reminded me of salt and vinegar chips... if you love them, definitely get it, but dip sparingly into the tartar sauce otherwise it will be overpowering+ Bread: complimentary toasted ciabatta bread and mini cornbread rounds... the ciabatta bread when drizzled with rosemary olive oil was tasty that we asked for more bread- Duet of Kurobuta Pork ($29): pork seemed like it had just crossed over to slightly dry though while part of the cubed pork was firm, one end was very tender; three piece portion was smaller than expectedo Big Eye Tuna ($38): wasn't spectacular as tuna wasn't very seasoned o Sorbet: trio of persimmon (Hachiya), mandarin, and blood orange sortbet served on top of two pieces of respective small fresh fruit... compared to the sorbet at gourmet restaurants and the gourmet sortbet I've made, this sorbet was unusually more creamy and more like a sherbet consistencyOur first dish came out in 20 minutes after ordering so we did not experience the extremely long wait.
5	For those seriously considering dining here, I wouldn't pay much attention to Jessica E. over there complaining about being served shrimp with the heads on- that's one heck of a  faux pas (they're more flavorful and tender cooked that way, Jessica... And yes, it is a well known cooking technique for prawnes in Asia, it's just not commonplace in the states.) I had an amazing meal at American Fish during opening week. My husband and I ordered the tuna tartare, shrimp and grits, tasmanian ocean trout baked in sea salt, wood grilled & smoked mixed grill, malt vinegar French fries, caramelized cauliflower and truffle gratin and the coconut pearls. While I enjoy sashimi on a regular basis, I'm not much of a fan of tuna but decided to give the tartare a try- no regrets, it was wonderful. The flavors were light fresh, and the quality of the tuna exceptional. My husband's shrimp and grits were to die for (although I normally don't like grits) and had the perfect amount of spice to compliment the dish. Our entrees were flat out stellar. All seafood was cooked perfectly and masterfully seasoned. The mixed grill had a nice variety of seafood that should please anyone who likes a bit of everything, and the wood grill added the right amount of earthy smokiness. The sea salt baked Tasmanian trout sounded interesting and turned out to be a winner, think salmon but more subtle and silky. The salt baking technique infused a very pleasant amount of saltiness to the fish, but it wasn't overwhelming at all. If you're worried it might be too salty, don't. The fries were addictive, and while I agree with Jen. L that the tartar dipping sauce was a little tangy, I really loved the citrus bite of it- but that's just me, your mileage may vary. My side dish was the caramelized cauliflower and truffle gratin, it was most certainly enough for two since it was indulgently rich and filling. Between my husband and I we couldn't finish our sides, so the complaint from Jessica that the portions were small is bewildering. In fact my major complaint about Vegas is that the food portions are far too large, and I have nothing but praise for the portion size at MM's American Fish. Am I one of the few who goes out to enjoy a fine meal and doesn't want to feel so stuffed I can't move when it's over? If the portions at American Fish aren't enough it's got nothing to do with the restaurant. If what you're after is gigantic portions of lackluster food, then American Fish is not what you're looking for. The coconut pearls were wonderful, if you like cream-sickles this is an interesting spin on the idea. Furthermore, it wasn't puckery sweet, so you could actually taste the delicate flavors. The spoonful of blood orange sorbet on top served as a nice temperature and flavor contrast. The service was equally wonderful, the prices very reasonable, we left happy, and to date this has been one of the finest meals I've enjoyed. Keep up the good work Michael Mina! Next time I'm in Vegas I'll look forward to dining here.
4	Pretty good Michael Mina!! Pretty good!This was my first MM restaurant and I'm pretty happy about what I ate... the whole experience was just ok.  So, the 4 stars is for the great food.  Minus one for the experience. Two weird things happened. 1) We were seated in that area outside of the main dining room, as Jessica mentioned in her review. That area really sucks. Loud music and feels like your in a cheap cafe. We were sat right in front of the window where the menu was displayed on the outside of the restaurant... people would come by check out the menu, check us out, then our food, then lingered... we felt like zoo animals..this happened several times and I finally had to asked to be reseated in the main dining room. The main dining room was not busy so that was strange that they sat us there. They knew it was a birthday dinner so why the crappy seating? hmp! Weird thing 2) The fire alarm went off half way through dinner and the waitstaff acted totally normal as if this super loud alarm wasn't going off. No apologies, no explanations. It went on for 10 mins. I guess it must happen alot...new hotel and all. BUT, other than that... we still had a good time and really enjoyed the food. The waiter was excellent and explained their whole kitchen/ cooking process to us. We all ordered fish and every dish was excellent.  Not a dry fish around.The spice cake dessert was superb!! Not too sweet. Tapioca dessert was just ok... alittle too tart.I would definitely come here again... we spent $75 per person out the door. Not bad at all!!
4	Probably would have given it five stars had I not been spoiled and blown away by the other Aria restaurants. American Fish has a classy but casual atmosphere. I loved the open kitchen and getting to see the incredible inner workings from the grill press for the bread to the wheels that evenly woodfire and roast the fish without changing the temperature.  It was also great to shake hands with Michael Mina when he was in the restaurant.Service was a bit erratic at first, but got much better once the large tables were settled in.  We asked for another two baskets of it.The grilled cornmeal bread was great.  There was also a wonderful but expensive winelist.    For appetizers, my favorite was the rockshrimp po'boy.  It was perfectly fried and had a great balance of flavors from the sauce.  I also enjoyed the Tasmanian seatrout.  It is difficult to admit, but the portion was almost too large and could have used a bit more of a kick to it.  For desserts, the banana fritters and the tapioca coconut desserts were quite nice.  This was an excellent meal to start the trip to Vegas.  I really liked American Fish, but still think I prefer Sage downstairs.
3	American Fish is located in a small wing adjacent to a steakhouse restaurant.  The entrance is casual, with no doors and a simple ramp and stairs leading to the hostess podium.  Despite that, the decor is sophisticated and immerses the guests in a modern forest theme.  The beautiful bar backdrop of trees and mirrors that duplicate it into an entire forest is absolutely gorgeous, and the ceiling mimics a stormy sky with dark clouds, yet the feeling isn't heavy at all.  It's like sitting in a log cabin--a very expensive log cabin.After being seated, our server was very attentive and timely with everything.  The menu is simple and I love the way it's categorized.  From land, to salt-baked, and the ability to order a seafood appetizer either hot or cold, it's vast but not overwhelming.  We decided to order according to what the server felt was exquisite based on our desires for the evening.  We had the seafood platter (cold), and for our entrees the server suggested kobe ribeye for myself and the Tasmanian fish for my husband.  With complimentary cornbread and sourdough bread (served with an onion and lemongrass olive oil and country butter), our wait for the appetizer passed quickly.Appetizer: Seafood Platter It consisted of quite a few types of seafood, from Oysters to Abalone.  I have to say that the stone crab claw and chilled lobster were absolutely fantastic!  The preserved meyer lemon on the stone crab was to die for, and the only thing I really enjoyed in terms of the sauces with the seafood.  The rest of the platter was typical seafood fare, and not impressive.Entrees: Kobe Ribeye with fingerling potatoes, sweet potato puree, leeks and crispy mini chips; Tasmanian fish with fingerling potatoes, carrots, and leeksOverall, the entrees were lovely.  Everything was perfectly cooked to order, and well balanced.  The seasoning was on par, nothing too salty or bland, and the vegetables were adorable and very tasty to say the least.  We ordered a side of truffle cauliflower, which was FABULOUS.  That was the only highlight of the entree experience.  We then ordered the malt french fries because people rave about it, and if you like salt & vinegar chips, you will enjoy the fries.  Stay away from the tartar sauce, though, as it is too rich and doesn't even match the fries.  Dessert: Coco nib ice cream with chocolate mousse and cake; Blood orange sorbetThe desserts were beautiful and fantastic.  I was amazed at how the coco nib ice cream looked like it would taste of milk chocolate, but was a beautiful dark chocolate on the tongue.  It was silky, as was the mousse and the chocolate cake.  I fell in love with that dessert and would love to eat that again.  With a lovely balance of bitter and sweet chocolates, that one plate took me on a trip around the world of chocolate, teasing my tastebuds from sweet to bitter and back again, and in a very good way.  The blood orange sorbet is one that I would order as a palette cleanser between courses, and had a nice sour to it, but finishes clean and sweet in the back of the tongue.Overall, the food was good and the only things that I would suggest at this restaurant are the desserts, the stone crab claw with meyer lemon preserve, and the cauliflower side.  If you want a more exciting experience, try a different Aria restaurant.  This one is good, but lacked that "wow" factor I was looking for.I could not vote 4 stars because I am not a fan, but a guest that was appreciative of some parts of the meal. Overall, a beautiful restaurant with fair, expensive food.
4	We ate at American Fish tonight after everyone at our hotel (Vdara) raved about it. We had a fabulous dinner with amazing fresh bread seared in butter or oil, delicious fish (prepared one of four different ways), impeccable service and the most amazing Tom Collins we have ever tasted. The service was impressive. Our server was full of knowledge and poise and took us on a tour of the four cooking methods in the open kitchen (via window). For the poached method they fly in ocean water from Hawaii! We can be hard to please but this restaurant exceeded our expectations and was very enjoyable. A can't miss in Vegas.
1	I went here with 5 of my girlfriends for a night out.  We had reservations and was not seated for about 30 minutes AFTER our reserved time, the music is so loud that you have to shout just to talk to your companions, service was super slow & the food was HORRID!  Even the spice cake dessert was disgusting!   The side dished we ordered were the broccoli, french fries & whipped potatoes...yuck to all 3.  I would NEVER go here again.  It was quite disappointing & expensive to boot.
5	This place was so great, I had to eat here twice in one Vegas trip. COCKTAILS- the style is very old school. lots of gin and brown liquor- the Ford is a friend's favorite, and he said it's the best he's ever had. APPS- amazing tuna tartare w/ a little baby quail egg on top. perfection. - i'm not a big foie gras person but the BAY SCALLOPS &FOIE GRAS app is pretty amazing. The shabu shabu was not my favorite and seemed like an odd item to have on the menu. - the sweet potatoes w/ marshmallow topping were definitely sent from heaven. ENTREE'S- all amazing as i sampled many of the dishes while dining w/ a large group. -- my favorite was the John Dory--the lamb was a close second (despite not being fish)ETC...- the decor is amazing. i loved the story it told from the forst to the shavings.  - don't get locked in the bathroom stall
4	We ended up here after looking over most of the menus in Aria. First - Aria...holy crap - really amazing and beautiful. Natural elements combined with top notch craftsmanship and design of the highest order makes this place a sight to see in Vegas. Made everything else seem so tacky. I know - not a stretch. So - we chose American Fish based on price and the mere fact that we all wanted to fish. The place is bathed in low light with birch trees set behind the bar. Service was top notch from an attentive yet not pushy server. She handed us menus on wood. Yes - wood. So cool...went along with the whole natural elements theme that Aria shared with everything in this space. Started out with cocktails from their very interesting menu. I got a drink that was called "The Drink With No Name". All alcohol - drink slow. My fellow diners all enjoyed cocktails as well. I order the poached salmon. Their menu is offered poached, grilled, salt baked and one other but I can't remember. I liked that - interested and varied. So - back to the salmon. Cooked perfectly surrounded by a light saffron broth; not too filling and just the right size. We also ordered sides of cauliflower gratin and pommes frites. Both the perfect accompaniment. Wish I could follow-up with the dessert but we passed a gelato bar on the way in so it was imperative that we saved room. I would come back - absolutely. The price was fair - for Las Vegas standards.
4	Really it should be 4.5 stars. Had dinner there a few weeks ago and was completely blown away by the food. From the starter of Snapper sashimi and tuna tartare to the Branzino baked in sea salt that was so amazingly prepared. The texture just flaked deliciously apart on the fork and the side dish of sweet potato and marshmellow was so sweet and amazing that it completely took my urge for dessert away. We sat in the bar dining area and got excellent friendly service. I didn't get a chance to try any of the offerings on the ambitious cocktail list but did observe the bartender expertly craft a Manhattan so I feel completely at ease ordering a libation the next time I'm here. Cuz I'm definitely coming back.
4	Being a fish lover I was impressed with American Fish.Entering the restaurant is a very pleasant experience.  The theme is wood and almost everything in this restaurant is wood -- the mirrored wall of trees behind the bar creates a cool forrest effect.The back of the restaurant features a wall of glass with the kitchen in full view, including the long BBQ grills which is front and center.  I had a booth at the back and it was great watching the chefs in action.The bread served to start were nice, it consisted of grilled ciabatta with plenty of butter (which makes the butter and oilve oil on the table rather pointless) and mini blueberry muffins dusted with paprika which was unusual but still tasty.The main dishes (mostly fish and seafood) are organized in three catagories: cooked in broth, baked in sea salt, and grilled.  Everything on the menu sounded great and the selection of fish was excellent.  The menu also notes the country of origin of the meats which was a nice touch.I ordered the Branzino fish baked in sea salt, which was flavorful and melted in my mouth.  The crispy skin complemented the delicate meat very well.  The vegetables on the side was perfectly cooked and the flavors were well balanced.The waitor was very polite and explained the menu and specials very thoroughly.  Service was timely, but not rushed and our glasses of water was constantly replenished.The only complaint was that the restaurant was very loud, probably from all of the wood surfaces reflecting all the noises.The prices were reasonable for being on the strip and I will definitely come again (next time I will try the black cod).
4	Can't really go wrong with Michael Mina. Very good food.Selection isn't as wide as you'd like it to be. Also, it's kind of weird to get same items from his other restaurants, makes it not as special. Although that Shabu shabu dish is so good.
5	Best meal of the trip, best meal of the year so far.  The place was packed and we planned on waiting an hour or so before being seated so we took ourselves to the bar to have a drink... little did we know that the drinks were going to be amazing fun and we'd each have three and very quickly fill up that hour wait!  The girls behind the bar whipped up and recommended drinks and every single one was amazing, between the two of use we had 5 different cocktails!  The Nevada and Whipple were two of the best cocktails I've ever had in my entire life!  They may look like small cocktails, but they pack a punch, seriously.  Enjoy looking at the bar menu, many of the cocktails come from drink books from years past.  Tom Collins, Gimlets, you name it!  Very cool.We were then seated at a lovely table by the window and greeted by our very sweet server!  I wish I caught her name, she was very polite and informative.  We started off with the chilled selfish platter.  Extraordinary.  Oysters, crab, lobster, some amazing sashimi with horseradish panna cotta.  I was not a fan of the geoduck, but it was interesting to try!  My ex-husband had the mixed grill and enjoyed every bit of it.  I tried a piece of his calamari and it was outstanding.  I had the big eye tuna and it was incredible.  Perfectly rare, perfectly sauced.  Perfect.  We both ordered from the Wood-fire section of the menu and received the best vegetables we've ever had on a plate of food.  So much fun, mini potatoes, tiny beet chips, orange peppers and more laid on vibrant romesco sauce.  Our plates were visually stunning.  We ended up choosing two sides, which I don't recommend, it's a lot of food, but we wanted to try the whipped potatoes and cauliflower and were not surprised to have been completely thrilled by them!  My husband despises cauliflower, has a very very serious hatred for the lovely veg, so much in fact that he'd really rather I not cook it the house because the smell makes him gag... guess who loved the cauliflower?  That's right, my husband!The dessert menu looked beautiful but we couldn't fit another crumb in us!  Which reminds me, the blue corn muffins and bread basket were to die for.  The best EVER and I have consumed a lot of corn muffins in my life.  Soft and moist and beautiful.This place was perfection.  You cannot possible go wrong at Michael Mina's American Fish.
1	This was seriously sooooo disappointing.  I was responsible for picking this restaurant in the new, gorgeous casino/hotel Aria and I did so based upon Yelp reviews.  You people let me down!!!  Not only was the food pretty terrible but the service was horrendous.  I booked a reservation (which we clearly didn't need since 9/10ths of the restaurant was empty...not a good sign!) at 7:45pm to make it to a 10pm for the Cirque de Soliel show at Bellagio, "O".  Needless to say, we had to run there after the final touch of the bad experience:  the waiter disappeared for about 30 minutes.  We ordered the shellfish appetizer and both my friend and I specified we wanted it cold.  It arrived hot.  And when we sent it back, the waiter came and told us we ordered it hot.  Um, cardinal rule of serving is that you don't tell your customers they are wrong.  (I'm very new to shellfish and I've only had it cold so there was no memory confusion here, folks.)  So pretty much that set the tone for the whole meal.  They have a fantastic cocktail menu that he never offered us until I asked...although the cocktails we ordered were far from the best.  The entrees were disgusting.  I ordered the Salmon with some sort of soup they poured over it which had a predominate taste of salt.  The salmon was very rare--almost sushi.  Bleech.  I can't remember, unfortunately what my friend had but she gave me an "ick" face too.  I should have stopped eating but the portions were so small I wanted dessert...so I ordered chestnut ice cream.  How can you go wrong with ice cream?  Well, it tasted like chalk.  It ended up being about $125 each...wayyyyy too much for that crappy customer service and that lackluster of food.  There are so many great restaurants in this town...don't let what must be the friends and family of the owners convince you with just a handful of reviews to eat at this place.  It's been two weeks and I still have a bad taste in my mouth!!!
3	Michael Mina's American Fish was okay, maybe it'd be better for a smaller group, but we had 12 people and that's tough to serve.  I had the Ono, but found it lacked flavor. I shoulda gotten the Salmon.  I tried the Blackened Cod and that was tasty!  Our server did a great job of picking cocktails for us based on clear or dark liquor, sweet or not, floral or fruity~everyone liked their special drink!  And the appetizers were pretty darn good too!
4	This restaurant had a atmosphere not like any other than other Las Vegas places, very unique and romantic. Service was excellent, very cool ways of cooking seafood.  Great flavors.
3	My hubby treated me to an overnight in Vegas for my birthday.  We stayed at Aria and this is one of the restaurants in the hotel.  We are fans of Michael Mina and love the eponymous restaurant in Union Square so we figured we would give this one a try.  I give the food four stars but my main complaint is the deafening volume composed of very loud, often inappropriate music and waitpeople scurrying hither and yon with the constant clatter and clang of serviceware and dishes.. It was a Monday night but the service had a frenetic quality to it.  The room is aesthetically pleasing but only contributes to the cacophony.  Five stars to the sommelier who was exceptionally helpful and never condescending.  Go if you are looking for a scene, don't go if you are trying to relax.
4	Winter Green Salad - Excellent! This was pleasantly surprising. It's large enough to split with two people. The carrot cake croutons are to die for. Mixed Grill - selection of 2 prawns, 2 strips of calamari, piece of fish, 2 succulent scallops, and a slice of bratwurst. Yes. All was good but the scallops were the best. Escolar - comes in some kind of funky sauce but overall was cooked well. Sides: Spinach (we had them saute some spinach instead of broccolini), sweet potato with marshmallow (yum). Overly attentive service from the waiter, refilling water, to the somellier. Almost felt like they were trying to push us through our dinner quicker. If you are not a fish or shellfish eater, there is a salt crusted prime rib (serves two) that we saw a nearby table get and it was like cutting open a huge Easter egg to get at it. If that's not what you want, try someplace else since there is a limited to no Land lovers selection. The music selection was great, but a little eclectic. 80s and 90s. The bar area looked inviting and very lounge-y.  The menu online is generic and is different in person with seasonal specials.
4	I know what you are thinking, sweet potatoes and fish is a very nasty combo!  These people pulled it off.  Order the side of mashed sweet potatoes, and you will be fan of this place, too.  Our South African waiter was informative and warned me the oyster stew wasn't anything grand.  He was right, but hey, it was too good to be true, a waiter with amazing advice.  The fries were tasty, and my guest I think ate every scrap of meat off the rainbow trout.  If it is too busy, you will be seat in a bar fit for a supermodel, so be cool, and just say "no" and don't go to the Italian place across the way.  Go hungry, you will live longer.
4	If Michael Mina opened a restaurant in Albany GA, I would fly to Atlanta and drive 3 hours south to Albany. Luckily, I live near his DC Bourbon Steak. My client & I sat at the bar where we were so lucky to have Lisa take care of us. Her extensive knowledge of all beer & spirits (no interest in wine that nite) was amazing. Her skills are incredible and she made this crazy good rum drink. Don't go in and order a vodka tonic. The creativity and the hand crafted cocktails are worth it. The lobster corn dogs and tuna tartare were a home run. I hate brussel sprouts and my client snuck those in - but they were delicious! The decor with the white birch trees and leaves, clean lines and overall feel made me love the place. Can't wait to take my husband back in the Fall. Next time: full meal and dessert.
2	I was so excited for American Fish and was so sorely disappointed by the experience pretty much from when I walked in.  It was the only lowlight of an otherwise great Vegas weekend.it started with the hostesses when we walked in that were unfriendly and seemed disinterested.  We arrived at 8 pm for our 8 pm reservation and were told it would be a little bit of a wait.  We settle at the bar for about 15 minutes noticing the the restaurant wasn't really that busy, but still was unable to get a drink from the bartender before we were told our table was ready.  We found it somewhat humorous that we were sat at a table that had been empty from the moment we walked in.We dig into the menu and realized that none of us got the insert for the tasting menu so we ask for one.  And they bring us one for the 4 of us to share.  Despite all these warnings we order the tasting menu with wine pairings.From there on out the service just continued to be mediocre with some courses coming out with out any description and two wine pairing poured without any explanation.  None of the courses were bad, just none were very good and overall it was just a forgettable tasting menu.The only highlight of the evening was the wonderful sommelier, who was entertaining and knowledgeable when he came over.  Unfortunately twice he left the responsibility of pouring to other waitstaff which was a mistake as they were just not up to his level.Overall mediocre food, really loud, horrible service and definitely not worth the price.
5	VERY VERY impressed with the beverage program here. My wife and I stopped by for a quick bite to eat and before we headed to the Elvis show. We sat at the bar and had Kelly as are Bartender . For me to say the cocktail list was great would not give this place justice hats off to the staff who executed cocktails to the tee. Every cocktail we had they nailed on the head , it is rare now a days that you can find cocktails that compete with the food. American Fish does just that not only were the cocktails excellent , the food was outstanding the best part about it is that my wife and i put are full experience in the hands of the bar staff for we did not order any thing . We requested to Kelly to give use your best apps, Entree, Dessert & cocktails. She not only pared our food and cocktails,  the service was the icing on the cake . We will definitely be back for another great experience.Well Done My Man , Well DoneCheers ....Nectaly Mendoza
3	The latest of Michael Mina's 17 fine dining establishments, American Fish in the Aria Hotel has to live up to some rather high expectations of mine: creative platings, quality ingredients, excellent service.Amongst our party of four, we had the sole x2, the salmon, and a cippiono. The soles were awesome, the salmon very nice; but the cippiono had to be sent back due to the broth being room temperature and not piping hot.Also sent back was an order of brussel sprouts minus the bacon. When our friends pointed out the error, the waiter insisted that the bits were dates. After taste confirms the dark bits to be animal-based and not plant-based, he takes the side order back to the kitchen. Later, a manager, apologies in hand, delivers the amended plates.A warm butter cake, compliments of the house, appeased our dissatisfaction over the contention - a nice touch but the overall experience was short of great. Some may say our expectations level that was set too high, but American Fish performs merely A-OK for us that night.
3	Small portions for my liking, but overall good quality food and service. When in lost wages, I'd rather dine at Emeril's for seafood, same quality, larger portions for us big eaters, and a little less pretentious.
3	OK- first I have to admit that its rare to find a restaurant that doesnt blaze fish to shoe leather- these guys actually know how to prepare the stuff. Thats the good part.The service was lacking considering our high expectations-- a little pushy on the suggestions- but mostly because we finished our dinners and 15 minutes later we had to snag a passing manager and had to ask for our plates to be removed.The final result was that we would give it another chance- but we didn't walk out feeling like we were wowed.Lastly, it seemed that the restaurant was understaffed- we literally didnt see our waiter for quite some time after we were served and there wasn't anybody else around either-Hopefully these guys will get it together before the public votes no on the whole affair.
5	AMERICAN FISH at Aria has your specialty fishes but has a salt and pepper prime rib for two that is phenomenal.   They serve hot bruschetta like sourdough bread with a light olive oil with rosemary that warms up your palette.  The house salad was tasty lightly tossed in wonderful balsamic vinaigrette.  But the main course is a meat lover's dream.   We ordered the mash without the horseradish so don't forget to ask if horseradish isn't a favorite.  We chose steamed spinach as out vegetable which was spot on with no oily after taste.   We can't wait to go back.   Tyler the manager runs a great restaurant.The service was also impeccable ask for Mario and he will take good care of you.J&O
4	Ah American Fish......  If I'm dining here, I'm in Vegas, so I'm having a great time.  And American Fish is a great restaurant to come have a charming dinner.  From 2-10 this not overly large restaurant will accommodate.  Located in Aria, one of the newest additions to the strip, American Fish is beautifully designed and and offers fantastic views into the very busy kitchen.  The ambiance is great, the wine selection is vast, and the staff very well versed on the menu and it's contents. The food is above average.  The presentation beautiful.  It is expensive.  However the quality is exceptional.  The menu changes from time to time, however, there are a few standards.  For an appetizer I would recommend the Caesar salad, it is to die for.  Delicately deconstructed and arranged precisely, a great way to start things.  The clam chowder is also excellent.  I had the seared tuna, which was cooked perfectly, the butter fish was also great.  Each entree comes with some sort of accoutrement(s), the sides are ordered separately.  The cauliflower gratin was delicious, so were the pommes puree!!
5	Simply amazing. Happy hour is a plus; must try: tuna tartar and mac&cheese. The raspberry lemon drop is also outstanding! Great and kind service
1	I am huge fan of Michael Mina restaurants!  From San Francisco to Scottsdale I will go out of my way to experience his different concepts.  Always a great experience..except AF.The food - fantastic!  Great presentation..flavorful and unique in combination of ingredients.   Why a one star rating?  Service..Service kills any positive thoughts I had about AF.  With so many choices we have as diners, restaurants should put their best foot forward when it comes to service.  I do not accept restaurants providing excellent food and mediocre service.We must have had the new server that they just hired away from Applebees.. and let me tell you after spending $300 for two of us I expect better.  He would hardly talk, and when he did, it was mumbled.  Hardly came around to see if we needed anything, was laughing and joking with his other table and barely said two words to us.  Why the attitude I don't know.  It was that way from the start.  My recommendation is don't use your weakest talent to take care of your strongest customers.  Just doesn't work.   Even after sending a quick note about out disappointment to their people.. No one seemed to care.  And at this point neither do I - off to new and different restaurants.
5	Amazing restaurant, though a bit difficult to find inside of city center.  Had to ask two pit bosses and a security person where it was, and even then, we got turned around...Coming from the Pacific NW, Halibut is a fish that I have the pleasure of enjoying on a frequent basis.  This was as fresh as if I was back home in Portland, and the presentation was impeccable.Enjoyed a delicious Chardonnay for around 40 dollars, which was unoaked and so worked with the menu impeccably.  All of the people in my party were thrilled with the food, service, atmosphere..even when one friend kept asking random service people to "turn up the music!" (cause she likes to party) they were gracious, and seemed to oblige her.  Charming!Without a doubt, our favorite dinner out in Vegas.  Great place for foodies, and health conscious eaters alike.  Delicious and well-balanced cocktails to boot.  Can't wait to go back...
4	came here for Happy Hour:  $5 on all food from the lounge & bar menu, $7 on selected cocktails, $4 on selected beers, $7 on selected wines by the glass.truffle mac & cheese - so you think Element Cafe (Pasadena,CA) has the best Truffle Mac & Cheese? you haven't tried the one here at American Fish.. it is SOOO delicious! Although it was a tad bit salty, but it was okay because the truffle flavor was so strong that made the whole dish so flavorful. That first bite of my mac & cheese w/ mushroom and peas, a BURST of truffle just waken your taste buds. It was so good that  I had to order seconds for this dish. oysters on the half shell - you get two in one order; the oyster was so fresh! the mignonette & bloody mary granite was perfect for these oysters.tuna tartare - you get two small pieces; in my opinion it was not worth $5. The cut was so small that i can barely taste the freshness of the fish. All i can taste was the sauce they complemented with. It just overpowered the fish.tuna tartare - it was mixed w/ pine nuts, arugula, olives and topped w/ a sunny side-up quail egg. This was pretty good. Although i think the presentation was more worth it than the taste.sea salt baked blue prawns - you get two prawns with uni aioli and pickled cucumbers. This was just okay; nothing special. main lobster corndogs - you get three bite size corndogs. Basically, imagine a corndog, but instead of a hot dog, you find a mashed up of lobster meat that's made into a paste/ ball. Real lobster meat in here, none of that imitation stuff. prime rib sandwich - not your regular sandwich, it was more like a bruschetta. Thin slices of prime ribs were placed on top of a ciabatta topped w/ horseradish, arugula, and tomato. fish & chips - wow, i've never tasted such fresh fish & chips before. The fish just flakes off, the batter was not heavy at all, it was very light. The fries was delicious because they were malted-vinegar french fries! mmmmm!I'd definitely come back for a light snack off from the happy hour menu.
4	Justified in price but awe-inspiring & meal of the year candidate ...... No.  Micheal Mina restaurants never seem to let you down but how often do they make your jaw drop? Anywho,  service is spot on, informative and non-obtrusive.  At one point the server assistant noticed I wondered aloud what the components of a dish was.  He quickly whispered to a passing server to educate me and he did. Those are the little things that I notice but make a big difference....  As an app we shared the chilled shellfish platter which is a must.  The clams were intensly oceanic in flavor, not in a good way but the rest of the ensemble was stellar.  I ordered the wreckfish which was the highlight of my meal.  The little lady ordered the halibut which was very good.  Ordered the farmers market strawberries and rhubarb with almond sorbet and for the first time in my life didn't finish the dessert.  Most might like it but it just wasn't for me.  So far best dining experience of 2010 goes to a fellow city center restaurant - Sage.
4	If you're reading this review and you see a little box on the top saying they have happy hour with $5 appetizers, I suggest you get your vegas going booty to Michael Mina's American Fish to get their Lobster Corn Dogs, Truffle Mac and Cheese, and their Fish and Chips.  I figured I'd try this place while trying to find a nice restaurant to take my girl out for our 5 year.  Not that we went here but I found this place by visiting Michael Mina's website and saw that they had a happy hour.  Walking up to American Fish in Aria is kind of intimidating.  Not because it's a huge restaurant but because you're surrounded by super classy and expensive looking everything!  We were told we could choose to sit anywhere in the lounge/bar area but were warned that the tables were small.  They knew we were there for the food on happy hour so they suggested (and helped) pushing together 2 tables to fit everything.  Lobster Corn Dogs - said to be the favorite 3 out of 4 people we were there with.  Myself included.   They (I think) mince lobster meat into a 1.5" sausage shape, dip it in corn dog batter, and deep fry it.  The lobster meat is all there with very little filler if any.  Good taste, great texture, and good dipping sauce.Truffle Mac - I tell you, this makes me a Mac Fanboy.  ZOMG SO GOOD!!!!  The perfect, harmonious blend of cheese and truffle oil made us order a second round.  Mainly because my girl loved it so much.  My only complaint is that it is a little salty.Fish and Chips - I was still hungry so I figured I'd fill up on the chips.  Little did I know, I'd be eating perfectly cooked fish with a light batter around it.  The fish and chips both had a hint of malt vinegar which was a VERY nice touch on the chips.  Those three dishes were the ones we said were worth it.  If you like raw oysters, that may be worth it too but they're not my cup of tea.  Everything else (especially the sashimi) on the happy hour menu is just okay.  The mediocrity includes their beer selection.  Anywhere that has PBR for $4 / can is just wrong.  However, those 3 dishes.  Magnifique.
5	Honestly one of the best seafood meals I've ever eaten.  Period.  It will be difficult not to include this on go-lists for future Vegas visits.The stars of the evening were the Yellowtail sashimi and the Walu baked in sea salt.  Both were absolutely amazing.The only place I would ding them is for little provenance liberties. For instance, on the evening we were there, they were serving Thai Snapper as a substitute for some regular menu item. While I suppose this fish can be caught off the southern tip of Florida, it's range is predominantly Caribbean & Latin American.  But, I suppose that's no different than offering Hawaiian big eye tuna -- a fish found in Atlantic, Pacific, & Indian oceans.In addition (and I admit this is nit-picking), for a restaurant with a self-described "American" focus, the internationally sourced wine list seemed a little incongruous.  I get it, but it would be cool to see a wholly domestic selection.  Same goes for the cheese selection, only half of which were domestic.On the other hand, I did love their nod to americanism with the PBR can, served in a foam koozie.  How could I *not* order that?!  That bright orange koozie has become an object of lust at the pool this summer.
4	We came just in time for their happy hour (5-7PM) Everything we ordered was good, no complaints! If we have to nick pick, it was the size: basically every serving has two pieces, only a few exception. But our waitress had set the expectation that the portion was small so we know how many plates we need to order. Tuna Tartare: extremely fresh tuna mixed with pine nuts, arugula, olives and topped with a side-up quail egg, a very creative presentation. Sea Salt baked blue prawns: huge prawns with uni aioli and pickled cucumbers had a hint of oriental cooking, very flavorful. Maine Lobster Corndogs: wow, this one is the exception, it has three pieces. Mince lobster meat battered in hot dog shape and deep fried. It is crunchy outside, but tender and juicy inside. And the dipping sauce was very appetizing as well. Prime Rib Sandwich: the prime rib sandwich was humongous comparing to other dish/plates! Thin slices of prime ribs were placed on top of a ciabatta topped w/ horseradish, arugula, and tomato. The prime ribs were so tender that they melted in your mouth! Fish & Chips: three deep fried fish nuggets with chips. That was definitely the best quality fish & chips we have had. The batter was pretty light so you actually get a good size of the fish meat, even though it was small in size . I was debating on what to order for cocktail, and the waitress made a call for me: she strongly recommended Gimlet. Unfortunately, it didn't turn out to be as good as I expected :(5 happy hour appetizers and two drinks for $46, not bad but don't expect to be full (we went to jean philippe for  a sandwich and dessert afterwards)
4	My friend and I stopped by the American Fish bar area for a small snack before heading to Viva Elvis (http://www.yelp.com/biz/cirque-du-soleil---viva-elvis-las-vegas#hrid:4AnaBZgo6J3ichCpap8UJQ).We just missed their happy hour.  What a bummer.  They have a list of about 10 different appetizers to nosh at the bar, all which sound amazing.  We pared it down to 4 items for $28.  The more you buy, the lower the price (up to 4).  We made the correct the assumption that the portions would be as tiny as they possibly could be, but the quality made up for the quantity.We ordered Tuna Tartare, Mac n' Cheese w/ Truffles, Lobster Corn dogs, and Oysters.  The presentation was legit, and everything was amazingly tasty as anticipated.To drink, I tried a Prado.  I was intrigued because it has egg white in it.  It also has White Tequila, Maraschino Liqueur, Grenadine Syrup, Lemon Juice and Lime.  It took two bartenders to make it.  I think this is just because they weren't that busy at the time.I'd for sure go back for their happy hour pricing of $5 per item.  The waitress said some patrons order everything on the menu.  I think it easily could be done between a few people with any sort of appetite and a taste for semi-exotic, high class food.
1	This restaurant was plain awful.  The service was atrocious and after our food came out 90 minutes later, it was warm and lousy.  They charged $18 for a 3oz martini and it was arguably the most expenses piece of fish that I have ever ordered in my life, even more than lobster.  I enjoy fine dining 1-2 times a week and was very let down to this Michael Mina restaurant.  Sea Blue in Atlantic City is a treat every time I go there and I expected the same from American Fish.  Needless to say, Michael Mina did not deliver!
3	Went there for dinner, which is good, but pretty overpriced. The appetizers were delicious - had the king crab and tuna tartar. The cod and walu for dinner were pretty good too, but not as good as the appetizers.
4	We celebrated my mother-in-law's birthday at American Fish followed by the show Viva Elvis.  The restaurant was beautiful, service was great and the food was absolutely excellent!  I highly recommend checking out this restaurant!
1	This review is based on TRYING to come there and eat.My friends and I were starving and since we were staying at Aria wanted to find somewhere nearby. The buffet line was too long so we decided to go to American Fish bcs it was close by. We asked for a table of 6 and waited in the lounge area. The restaurant was not too busy at about 7 on a Sunday but after waiting about 30 minutes, one of the employees came up to us asking what name the reservation was under because there was another reservation for 6. WTF!?!?!? They originally did not ask for our name AND we were the only ones waiting. I admit we were dressed a bit casually in jeans and summer dresses but we didn't look like bums! Since they were acting snooty, we decided to go downstairs to another restaurant. Some of us were really irritated because we had already chosen our food and thought some of the items sounded really delicious but with that kind of attitude we'll take our business elsewhere.
4	Casual Michael Mina. Little bit PF Chang in some moments. Went for a work function, so can't complain, and everything was tasty if a bit salty. Large portions. It is Vegas, after all.
4	Very solid place, a bit on the expensive side, but the food and service were very very good.
4	Happy Hour Review:Great value for $5 a plate and $7 for a glass of wine. We got there at 6:30 and enjoyed the Happy Hour menu well past 7:00 PM.  We ordered over 6 dishes for the two of us, which consisted of Mac & Cheese with truffle oil, Foie Gras poppers which was like a ball of butter.  Fish & Chips, tuna sandwiches, and roast beef sandwiches were good too. These aren't typical fare. They were presented beautifully and was like a grown up after school (pool party) snack (dinner).
5	Seth went to American Fish.Seth ordered a nice starting dish.Seth's dish came out greatBut it did not placateBig Seth's growing hunger within.Seth glanced back down at the fish selection.Seth developed a mental erection.He gasped with delightAt his entree options that night;He'd devour it without protection.No trojan, lifestyles, or Maxx...Just a fork, a tongue, teeth and some snacks.Seth tasted a scallop,It caused him to gallop,The taste an aphrodisiac.Scallops devoured, Seth sat back and sighed.For his eating pleasure, scallops had died.He was satiated,And the food had createdA boner that even King Kong couldn't ride.The fish was delicious and tender.It would make me go on a fish bender.In a city of food,If you're in a fish mood,This place is a top contender.
4	We came here for a late-night post-show dinner recently. We were seated promptly after arrival. Though the restaurant was crowded when we  arrived, it had mostly cleared out by the time we left.  Lots of wine choices and a helpful sommelier (we enjoyed a California Chardonnay and  a California Pinot Noir).  The lobster role appetizer was outstanding.  The  mixed grill was artfully presented.
4	This review pertains to their Happy Hour Menu.The Skinny: gourmet comfort food at affordable prices (3.5), service: amazing waitress Carmen would take orders at happy hour pricing past the happy hour deadline (5), value - not bad - we ordered 8 items and had 4 items from the tasting dessert menu for $56 (enough for two, no tax or tip) (3).So we hit up American Fish for their Happy Hour Menu because 1) who can resist the call of foie gras poppers or lobster corn dogs; 2) I passed my driving test!; 3) we were meeting friends for a good bye dinner (for me). We were served by our wonderful waitress Carmen who was not only very friendly but was extremely lenient when it came to the Happy Hour policy (she allowed us to order at happy hour pricing despite the fact that it was no longer happy hour). She also seemed interested in our tastes and was well-versed in the menu items. She also caught me admiring the coasters (they're really cute) and gave me a few to take home. Carmen - you're a five star waitress!During happy hour, the bar/lounge menu is all $5. So we ordered several items: foie gras poppers, fish and chips, yellowtail sashimi, tuna melt, lobster corndogs, smoked salmon blt, truffled mac and cheese, prime rib sandwich. FYI - serving sizes are small so 8 dishes for 2 hungry people is a reasonable expectation.Foie gras poppers had a nice texture but was really lacking on the foie flavour department. I kind of like to taste that luxurious liver-y aroma but it just wasn't present in this preparation.Fish and Chips were not great - the batter was too fluffy, and the outer layer not crisp enough. The relatively same complaint goes with the lobster corndogs as well: too much batter, not enough lobster, not crunchy enough on the outside.Smoked Salmon BLT had issues with seasoning and balance. I found the BLT to be overly salty (perhaps from the caper aioli) and the smoky flavours from the salmon and bacon to be overwhelming.Tuna melt - the flavours were nice however the bread really didn't hold up to the filling on top. The bread was in that middle place - not toasted but slightly warm - I'm not sure but it just didn't work for me texturally.Okay now on to the good news.Truffled Mac and Cheese was delicious and fragrant. Often times, the cheese can be overwhelming and the truffle is often times lost in the mix. Not so here! Wonderfully mild, the cheese paired nicely with the truffle oil. The cheese sauce had a nice consistency as well (not too watery, not too sticky - just right). The addition of peas really livened up the dish, providing that small dash of sweetness to this well balanced preparation.Yellowtail sashimi was a wonderful pairing of acidity and sweetness. The fish had a nice texture and matched well with the seasoning. My only disappointment was that there were only two small slices of fish on the plate.Finally, my favourite savoury dish of the the night was the prime rib sandwich. The sweetness of the tomato, the robustness of the beef, the slight acidity from pickled onion - it all went so well together. I'm having dream of it already, lol.This dish rejects the fact that a simple roast beef sammy can be boring.On to dessert. They now have a new dessert tasting in the bar area which is awesome! We selected 4 desserts for $16: the peach melba, the chocolate custard, the banana fritters, and the marscapone cheesecake.The banana fritters were instant winners - who can refuse a banana that's been deep-fried? Delicious! Mascarpone cheesecake was light and delicate for the cheesecake. Great flavour and texture makes this dish a winner.The peach melba was alright however you didn't get as much of the blackberry meringue in it - it just wasn't fabulous as I'd hoped. The choclate custard was good but lacked enough interesting textural contrasts to make this a great dessert.Overall, the food was about a 3.5 star experience but when you factor in the service, American Fish deserves a 4 star.
5	I went to American Fish tonight for their pre-theatre prix fixe menu.  It was one of the best meals I have had here.  Everything about dinner was simply amazing!It started with the service.  I had a 5 PM reservation.  The hostess asked me if I was going to the Elvis show.  When I explained I had a show at an art gallery and after would be going to Las Vegas Little Theatre for a play, she seemed interested but I took that as just being welcoming.  In fact, she relayed my plans to my waiter without me knowing.  After ordering, he mentioned that he was aware that I had a few places to go, and did I want them to keep an eye on the clock for me so I didn't have to be concerned.  Score many service points there.Taking my order, the waiter answered the questions I had, and when I asked for his opinions on some things I was contemplating ordering, he was professional, friendly, and thorough.  More service points.After ordering, while the restaurant was still quiet, my waiter escorted me to the glass windows that separate the kitchen from the dining room and explained the four cooking areas and the kinds of cooking sone in each--sea salt baked, open grill, pan searing, and sous-vide.  He also explained their use of apricot would for fuel and taste addition to the food.  Score many more points here.  I must mention what fun I had watching the chefs work behind the glass.  It was quite a show.  I also have a long explanation as to why they use apricot wood.I started with Michael Mina's signature first course of Tuna Tartare on a small bed of arugula with pine nuts and a quail egg.  It was excellent.  The bread had been brought out by now, and I had two pieces of grill toasted ciabatta and one corn muffin.  Along with the bread was a small plate with butter and a container of garlic and rosemary flavored olive oil.  Wow, was everything good!The main course was sea salt-baked Branzino with a few green beans, crispy fried polenta, some minted peas, and some pearl onions.  The fish and the accompaniments continued the winning streak of the meal.  Everything was superb!The dessert course was Valrhona chocolate custard with red velvet cake, sweetened pecans, and some cocoa nib ice cream.  The custard was so smooth and delightful.  It was heavenly!Everything about tonight's meal was excellent - the service, the food, and the room.  I really enjoyed this experience so very much.  I will be coming back.  And, I had lots of time to get to the art gallery near the Mandarin Oriental and to Las Vegas Little Theatre for the play.  A super night!
4	I've been wanting to try out any of the 17 Michael Mina restaurants for a while now.  Being in Vegas for a bachelor party and by request of the groom to be for some swanky tasty food Michael Mina naturally came to mind.  Knowing we were going to spend the day at Aria's spa, American Fish was an absolute no brainer.  Upon arriving we were pleasantly greeted by hosts and were promptly shown to our table.  My first impression of the dining room was that It was quite open.  Its decor had a northwestern American feel.  Woodsy and tranquil are adjectives that first come to mind.  AF also sported an open kitchen which always ups the ante when it comes to restaurant dining experiences.  The menu here is broken down quite differently than most restaurants and took a bit of at table studying to fully grasp its functionality. Apps and Main Dishes are all grouped together and broken down into 4 respective categories.  For apps: Shellfish, soups and salad, fin fish and surf and turf.  Main dishes were categorized by the cooking technique by which your protein was cooked: poached in ocean water, griddled over cast iron, baked in sea salt, wood-grilled and smoked.  I thought that this was a simple but ingenious way to break down the menu.  The one menu con that jumped out at me was that each cooking preparation was only accompanied by the same garnish.  In simpler words, all poached proteins on the menu were accompanied with shiitake mushrooms, couscous, and a lemon grass broth.  A bit of a cop out in my opinion.  For dinner we decided to each order oysters for the table, one app, and one entree.  The oysters were okay.  They were actually pre-topped with a red wine mignonette and bloody mary ice.  I am a purest when it comes to oysters and would have much preferred to have straight up oysters on the half shell and topped it off w/ the garnish of my choosing.  For apps we had the caesar salad, shrimp and grits, and the scallops and foie.  The caesar was pretty spectacular and was plated in quite a unique way.  AF basically quartered a romaine heart, lightly dressed each portion, topped it w/ parm, garnished w/ a sliced crouton that was topped w/ a meyer lemon segment and anchovy.  It was finished off w/ fried capers and olives.  YUM!  Definitely one of the better caesar renditions (taste and visual wise) that I've ever had.  The shrimp and grits was downright tasty goodness.  Fine dining comfort food at its best.  White cheddar grits, jalapeno mousse, crispy serano ham, and perfectly cooked shrimp!  My scallops and foie was absolute foodgasmic.  Three wholesome, fresh, perfectly cooked scallops topped with an almond crumble, and a piece of foie that was entrenched in tiny pieces of peach and red wine reduction!  I am salivating at this very moment just describing it.  Amazing!For our entrees we each ordered dishes from separate categories: Mixed grill from grilled and smoked, bacon wrapped kurobuta pork from cast iron giddled, and Tasmanian ocean trout from sea salt baked.  The mix grill was a cornucopia of grilled squid, prawns, scallops, and bratwurst.  It was accompanied by grilled peppers, cherry tomatoes, potatoes, grilled lemon, and romesco sauce.  Each and every item was beautifully woody, smokey, and cooked to perfection.  It was a wonderful summer dish at the end of summer.  The Kurobuta pork (which means "black" pig in japanese) was quite the tasty artery clogger.  It was comprised of three bacon wrapped pork tenderloins, panzanella salad (tomatoes, red onion, cucumber, pepper), and smoked eggplant puree.  The salad was a nice refreshing accompaniment and the eggplant puree (although not so smoky and super acidic) worked well to cut through the fatty pork.  The salt baked trout was the most splendid, tasty, perfectly seasoned fish I think I have ever had.  Tiny crystallized chunks of the salt crust that it was baked resided on the outer ends of my portion made this particular fish to die for.  Exquisitely cooked to a medium rare, I couldn't have asked for a better.  After experiencing all that the garnishes were second thought.  But, if you must know it came w/ a pea puree, mint, cippolini onions and fried polenta.  After only 3 courses all of us were absolutely stuffed.  Yet we still had to try a couple desserts.  We all shared the Banana Fritters and an assortment of sorbets (always my perfect/refreshing end to a super heavy meal).  The fritters were yummy.  Fried and crispy on the outside, mushy and soft on the inside.  The rum ice cream (hell yes rum ice cream) caramel, walnuts and banana mousse that was served w/ were beautiful pairings.  For sorbets we chose 3 flavors out of the 6 they had: summer melon, pear/plum, and blood orange.  Super refreshing and tasty.  Perfect end to to the meal!My first Michael Mina restaurant experience definitely surpassed my expectations.  I'm absolutely looking forward to my next Michael Mina restaurant dining experience!
4	Modern.  Simple.  Cool.The name says it all.  This place is about seafood treated simply.  If you just look at their menu on the Internet, you will probably say you can cook this kind of food at home and you would be right but can you get the freshest seafood and can you cook it perfectly every time?For starters, the scallops and foie gras was perfect.  The kobe beef and abalone shabu shabu was equally good and very creative.  (OK so I selected the two items that had land based protein in them).Mains, the mustard marinated black cod and the salt crust branzino are outstanding BUT the lobster wellington is out of this world.  It is perfectly cooked and the mushrooms and truffle cream.... wow.  The ambiance is cool and meets the demographic for the MGM properties.  Its comfortable.Well worth a try.
5	The food, service, and atmosphere were all incredible.  The shrimp and grits appetizer and the (mustard seared??) black cod entree were both brilliant.  The black cod may be my new favorite fish preparation ever (don't be fooled by menu descriptions, they can be off-putting and could use a revamp).  Truly amazing food and worth the splurge. The server (Mike) was very good at guiding us through the menu, was extremely knowledgeable about the food, and was friendly, patient, and professional.  Will definitely be going back!
4	wife and i were running late prior to the justin timberlake concert and didn't have the time to make our reservations at palazzo's cut after raving over the one at LA. guess it was a blessing in disguise when we stumbled upon american fish...apprehensive at first, because i usually yelp new places, i still didn't expect anything of the place until i arrived home and did some post-experience research. it all makes sense now, it's a michael mina product, okay, okay.seafood may be their forte but we were craving for a good prime rib and the entree "salt baked prime rib" piqued our interest (medium rare, warm center of course) when we perused the menu. the presentation was amazing to say the least. the prime rib was first rubbed with egg yolk and then encased in about 3-4 inches of salt. they brought out a white cocoon of an object, split it open, and boom, a prime rib was born!it was super juicy, tender, and (fill in synonymous words with orgasms and taste buds)at $85/person, the prime rib was for two. it also included 3 sides: potatoes, some sort of beats/onion side, and creamed spinach. there was also a dalloop of horse raddish cream that complimented the prime rib very nicely- it wasn't too bold or overpowering. house cab made for a good pairing as well.like i said, it was a quick meal and we wanted to get straight to business so we were a bit sad we skipped on the appetizer and dessert. if i were to guesstimate the prime rib in oz, id say about 45oz +/- so bring an appetite. the service was great, from the hostess to the table, to the runners, and everyone in between.what else to say. im probably still drunk, my wife took a picture of me on the ceramic floor of our hotel room, eating the prime rib at 5am in my boxers. it was the most amazing drunk food in my life.
4	American Fish offers a nice little happy hour from 5:00pm - 7:00pm, Sundays through Fridays.  Happy hour offerings include a selection of appetizers for $5.00 each, along with a handful of cocktails, beers and wines coming in at $7.00 each.  Note that the appetizers are small, though!  About two-three bites per appetizier kind of small.  Between two kinda-hungry people we ordered six appetizers and two desserts, so even with happy hour pricing expect each person to pitch in $15-$20 (before drinks).So, you end up here during happy hour, and you're wondering what to order?  Well, whatever you order, be sure to save a tiny bit of room for dessert.  You have to try the cheesecake!  This cheesecake has the softest and creamiest consistency that I've had.  It'll melt in your mouth and make you want to eat the whole thing when no one else is looking.  But that would be mean, so you really should order one piece of cheesecake for each person.  Honestly, it's a hard dessert to willingly share.  As for the rest of the meal:Foie Gras Poppers - These are small.  Like, the diameter of a quarter small.  Tasty, but imagine if you got a cheeseburger the size of a quarter; small bun, small meat, small cheese, right?  How can you distinguish the flavors?  This is actually the first time I've tasted Foie Gras, so I couldn't really tell you how it tasted!  It was good, but I don't know why exactly.Tuna Melt - This was another treat.  For some reason my tastebuds only like tuna if it is sashimi/sushi.  Tuna sandwich, tuna melt...no thank you!  But this tuna melt had some very good white cheddar that mixed with the tuna to make for a delicious sandwich.Shrimp & Grits - It's shrimp!  With grits!  Truffled Mac & Cheese - This was tasty since the truffle had a very pronounced flavor.  Not overbearing, but it had enough presence to give it a pleasant flavor.  None of that, "This taste like regular mac & cheese!" business here!Fish & Chips - It's fish!  And chips!Prime Rib Sandwich - It's not really a sandwich...since the prime rib is sitting on top of a piece of ciabatta bread; not bread on top.  Still, the prime rib was quite tasty.  The horseradish didn't have much kick, if you're into that sort of thing.  I know I am.  Overall American Fish offers a pleasant happy hour.  The drink selection at happy hour pricing is rather limited when compared to their entire cocktail menu (three cocktails, three beers and three wines make up the happy hour selection).  Still, it makes for a nice alternative to a full meal on The Strip.
3	This review is just for the happy hour menu/drinks. Eh-Okay for me, in my books.Stopped by here to have some happy hour food/drinks while staying at Aria.  Some of the food creations are indeed delicious, but awfully small portion.  The others weren't that great at all.  Maybe the pricing is good compared to regular dinner menu, but it's not really all that bang for the buck.  But then again, if we wanted true value, we would've gone elsewhere.May want to check back here for dinner as I'm sure it'll be nice... but as far as HH is concerned, 3 stars tops.
5	Superb experience from beginning to end. Food was delicious, setting was warm and inviting, and service was spot-on. We came in for the 5-6PM pre-theater menu - 3-course for $55. It was outstanding. We had:Appetizers: shrimp and grits (superb and such a large portion that I could barely finish my entree) and tuna tartare (fabulous and impeccably fresh)Entrees: mixed seafood grill (perfection) and salt-baked branzino (new fish for my husband - he loved it)Dessert: cheesecake (yum!) and chocolate custard (YUM!)We'll definitely be back!
4	Nice happy hour specials. Ask the bartender for a suffering bastard .... a tasty, tasty adult beverage.
4	My husband and I were invited to dine here for a business dinner, and I must say, the experience here, from the environment to the food to the people, were outstanding!  American Fish by Michael Mina is one of many fine dining restaurants located in the luxurious Aria Resort & Casino.Arriving much earlier than our dinner party, we were greeted by the hostess and invited to sit in their lounge area in the front of the restaurant.  We didn't have any difficulty in choosing a glass of wine, as their wine selection is very extensive, so that was nice.  Our server was kind enough to greet us and offer us some suggestions on the menu, seeing it was our first time dining there.With the rest of our dinner party arrived, we were serviced with care and attention that can only be expected by a restaurant house such as this.  The average ticket price per person is approximately $75, not including your choice of aperitif.  The main dish, fish, of course, is offered in 4 different cooking styles, Poached in Ocean Water, Griddled Over Cast Iron, Baked in Sea Salt, or Wood-Grilled & Smoked.  Appetizers and Side Dishes are also options to your exceptionally crafted meals.  Everything was superb!The ambiance for fine dining was comfortable, upscale, yet affordably inviting.  The food and service were excellent.  I would definitely love to return here again, next time, on a dinner date with my husband.  I'm sure then, I will find much more to indulge in, rather than in front of a business party.  As for being a family-friendly atmosphere, I wouldn't mind bringing my children here.  The atmosphere wasn't the usual stuffy, inexplicable quiet you'd find in more formal, fine dining restaurants.  I didn't inquire, but I'm sure they would be able to offer a modified children's menu.  But, as always in Las Vegas, call the restaurant before reserving, to inquire about concerns of children who may attend.
4	What a cool place!  We sat near the kitchen so we could see all the action.I really appreciated the variety of ways they could prepare the seafood for you.  It was fun watching them using the different methods.My course was poached in the seafood water.  It was amazing!!!  Who would have thought that preparing the seafood in a gentle water bath would result in the most flavorful and tender morsels?!    I think that is the way God intended on having scallops eaten!!!  LOL!The portions are on the small side so consider that when ordering. If you are looking for a unique dining experience, this is a good place.
4	If you're feeling fish (but not sushI!), this is probably your best bet for a nice dinner on the strip. It is everything you've come to expect from restaurants on the strip in Vegas - polished, well executed, swanky, and pricey ! I stuck with a Happy Hour beer, but the cocktails were very interesting . Despite my coworker and I's love of vodka they informed us they were a rye bar and that's the way it is. I kind of hate rye liquor drinks in general, but whatever, I know that's the trend now. If you're into that sort of thing you'd love this place . I, for one, am anxiously awaiting for vodka to get trendy again - screw this whisky revolution ! For appetizers I tried the Shrimp and Grits and the Dive Scallops and Foie Gras. Shrimp and grits were great, but being the foie gras lover that I am, obviously this was my favorite!  It had pears and a beautiful red wine reduction - prepared perfectly and made my tastebuds very happy.For my main I screwed up and ordered the Ocean Trout. To explain my screw up, I do order Ocean Trout every time I go to Nobu (which is often!). It's one of my top 2 or 3 favorite fish on earth, I can't get enough of it. I had never had it cooked, however. Cooked this fish lost it's beautiful delicate flavor and turned into a salmony nightmare. I don't blame American Fish for this, I just would caution other salmon haters that raw ocean trout is tasty but apparently when cooked it turns into salmon. HAFor sides we had the delicious malt vinegar fries and the truffled mac and cheese. I was disappointed by the TINY mac and cheese serving, but after 1 or 2 bites I was satisfied. It's incredibly rich and truffle-y, so no need to eat much .Service was great and I love the eco-friendly decor. Despite my ordering screw-up, this place was overall a fabulous evening. I'll be back for a non-rye cocktail or beer and some foie gras in the future!
5	LOVE this place.  Recently stopped in for an early meal at the bar, and ended up staying longer than expected. The space is beautiful, and I love the open kitchen.  The food was fantastic, wine list was great, and the service was excellent.  Eric took great care of me a the bar, and after I foolishly left my card at the restaurant, before heading off to the airport, the manager Tyler kindly sent it to my house with a nice personal note.  Great work, everyone!  I'll definitely be back the next time I'm in Vegas.
4	First stop in our continuing Aria "foodie crawl," part two.  We came for happy hour, 5-7pm Sunday through Friday.  Apparently the happy hour specials change as the menu was different online.My husband got the Diablo cocktail which was on happy hour and only $7 knocked down from $13.  This is made with resposado tequila, fresh lime, creme de cassis, and ginger ale.  Very tasty.I had my heart set on a Dark n' Stormy but they took it off the happy hour menu.  Since it's only $10 regular price, I went ahead and got it.  This version is made with blackstrap rum, lime juice, and ginger beer.  Very, very good!  I love this cocktail!  Both cocktails were very well made with the appropriate glassware and ice.  I would have come here so much sooner if I knew that their cocktails were so great.For snacks, we had the foie gras poppers ($5 happy hour) and the Maine lobster corn dogs (also $5 happy hour).  The foie gras poppers are basically 3 tiny circular cut pieces of brioche with foie gras pate on top and a tiny bit of caramelized apple sauce on the plate.  Pretty good but prepare for small portion sizes.  The three Maine lobster corn dogs are also tiny and come with a really good mustard but I did not taste much lobster in them.  I'm not sure if the quality and/or portion sizes increase after happy hour or what.Warning about the restrooms for the ladies - the doors to the stalls are super heavy and the locks to the doors are iffy.For those looking for something a little more lowbrow, they sell $4 PBR in a can during happy hour in its own American Fish koozie!All in all, a great restaurant.  Can't wait to come back and try more, especially cocktails!
1	I'm no food critic but I know when seafood is badly over cooked. We had an early dinner at American Fish on Jan 2nd and was very disappointed with our meal. They weren't busy, as a matter of fact servers and folks in the kitchen were standing around doing nothing.I ordered the Lobster-Clam Bake for $78, my husband ordered the Bacon Wrapped Kurobuta Pork $34. The lobster and crab were badly over cooked and rubbery. The vegetables in the dish were tasteless and only took up space on the plate.The pork dish was a mediocre dish. There was nothing exciting about it.My only suggestion would be not to waste your time or money. Won't be visiting this restaurant anytime soon.
4	We didn't eat here, but enjoyed a glass of wine at the bar during happy hour.  The staff was friendly, the wine selection was so-so.  We'd probably stop back in if we were walking past.
5	One of the best tasting me menu ever!!Nicely priced and a great variety in their chef selection. Staff was accommodating to our food request and to our time constraints since we had to catch the Phantom show right after. It's because of the food and experience here that has made my fiance and I want to try all of Michael Mina's restaurants.
3	Went there with a few people before Xmas.  Tried the Yellowtail sashimi.  Ok.  Ordered the salt encrusted Bransino.  Very juicy but the flavor was meh (it was a white fish).  What probably did it in was that I ordered a side dish of truffle mac and cheese.  That was amazing.  Very powerful.  My mouth actually felt worn out after eating it.   I probably needed to order a meat with it, as it probably overwhelmed the poor fish.Service was good.   So so.  Someone else ordered a Kobe beef dish and was also underwhelmed.  3 out of 5.  Wouldn't mind going again to try a meat dish with the truffle  mac and cheese
4	We were in vegas for a short trip on a budget! we spent most of our cash on the Viva Elvis show, so needed to find a good option for some grub before the show.Hit the jackpot with American Fish.  Have to give Kudos to Carmen our server.  She was very friendly, gave us good menu tips and was very accomodating. yes, i'm getting old..my mom and i couldn't really read the menu since it was dark - I SAID I'm getting old....so she discreetly came by with little a little menu reading light - How sweet!Happy hour menu rocks. Small, but very tasty portions.  We ordered the fish and chips (little nuggets of very tasty cod) and malt vinegar chips and the prime rib sandwich. again, small but tasty and at 5 bucks a pop, you can have 2.Drank the cab and the prosecco (7 bucks a pop) - again, you don't break the bank with 2. Perfect way to start out our night - will go again!
5	We arrived at American Fish with the intention of having some drinks and appetizers in the bar area, but we so loved the atmosphere and selections on the dinner menu we decided to stay for dinner. The preparation and flavors of every dish was right on! Also, the background music was a bit more upbeat than what you might find in your typical restaurant. This really added a great energy to our dinner! The staff was also so pleasant and helpful we can't wait to get back!!!!
1	No Thank you.  I was taking some colleagues out to Michael MIna restaurants all week.  We were very impressed with his other two restaurants at Mandalay Bay and the Bellagio.  On our last night, we wrapped up our conference and headed out to American Fish.  This restaurant is nothing near the enjoyable experiences we had at the previous Michael Mina restaurants.  The hostess was very nice and welcomed us.  We went to the bar for a few drinks.  After being shunned by the bartender for twenty minutes we asked to be seated.  Apparently the bartender was two busy taking care of his 5 friends, than to tend to us. At the table it took some 15 minutes for our server to finally bring us menus.  It took another 15 minutes for bread and water.  After another 15 minutes our server takes our order.  Our first course came out in a reasonable amount of time.  My friend had a salad, I had the tuna tartare.  At this point we were starving.  My friends salad looked like they dumped a ton of dressing on it, but she said it was fine.  I had such high expectations for the tuna tartare.  The previous Michael Mina restaurants delivered such delicious flavors, and with the name American Fish I would expect even better tuna tartare.  My first bite was enough.  The tartare was bland and the texture was mushy.  I had my friend try it and she had a look on her face that said yuck.  I didn't eat more than two bites out of it.  We called the server over, but she got called over by the table next to us and they didn't like what they had been served.  By the time she got back, I let her know that I wasn't too happy with the tartare and we were done with the first course.Now on to the main course, we both ordered Lobster Wellington.  It was the most expensive item on the menu and we were looking forward to it.  When it was ready, the server made a big show of it before taking it to the back to be carved.  After our plates were in front of us, we looked forward to a good meal.  Once again, the first bite says it all.  The lobster was rubbery.  The flavor of it tasted like bad sea water.  We tried all the side dishes that came with it and they were just as bad.  The potatoes were rock hard and the spinach was bitter.  I quickly called our server over and asked for our check.  I didn't want to make a scene, so I asked if we could pay.She called the manager over and they offered us some complimentary dessert.  Now I ask you, if you've been served a bad appetizer and a bad main dish, why would you want to try another dish from the same restaurant????  The manager said we should have let them know the food wasn't very good.  I think I did when I said I wanted to pay my check and the food in front of me is barely touched.  In the end, the manager only charged us for the drinks.  I recommend you stay away from American Fish if you are a Michael Mina fan.  His other restaurants on the Vegas strip are better examples of his work.  If you're going to charge the same prices as the other Michael MIna restaurants, then I expect the same quality.    American Fish is just an insult to Michael MIna's name.  If you don't believe me, go look at the menu, the Lobster Wellington has been removed.
1	We went here for my birthday I had read some reviews and was pretty excited to try it out. The service was good the hostess sat us down immediately and out waiter was nice enough . Me and my boyfriend ordered the tuna tartar to start. It was not very good it lacked flavor and seasoning . Next I ordered the the trout cooked in sea salt well it had no flavor it was very bland to sat the least. My bf ordered the big eye tuna he said it was extremely bland. We ordered three sides the brocollini was by far the best thing in the restaurant . We also hit the horseradish mashed potato was the worst mashed potato ever my little brother can make them better . It was like melted ice cream it was not whipped at all and all you can taste was the horseradish . Third was the Mac and cheese didn't even bother eating it all.This restaurant was a complete dissapointment don't waste your money
3	Had some great food from the sea in Las Vegas this week at the restaurant American Fish, located in the Aria Hotel. The atmosphere was elegant, but not stuffy, and liked how you could see the chefs cooking the food in an open window leading to the kitchen in the back.I had the Mixed Grill special, which is a selection of ocean fish and shellfish had like prawns, scallops, calamari, a white fish called walu. It also came with red kuri squash, celery root and roasted mushrooms.  My friend tried the mustard-marinated black cod with veggies and sweet potatoes. We also decided to split the broccoli and cheddar souffle with smoked bacon and charred scallions.Overall, it was really good, a bit pricey, but then again isn't everything in Las Vegas?
5	Thank You Michael Mina!  My husband and I consider ourselves pretty well versed in the high end gourmet experience.  We eat out multiple times a week at the best restaurants in town, so our standards are extremely high to say the least.We have eaten at all the MM restaurants multiple times, and out of all of them, this is my new Favorite Place In Town.First off, people reviewing the bar menu - sorry but the reviews should only be for people who sit down and enjoy a dinner as reviews of happy hour aren't helpful overall.  Secondly, I don't think Reviews of a restaurant in its first 3 months open really count as staff just cannot be completely in sync till they have worked together long enough...I personally like to wait 6 months after the opening before eating at a restaurant since I know it will not be at peak performance before then.  Thirdly, a restaurant should never be marked down just because of the cost it incurred the patron - FYI there is a MENU posted before you walk in, If you can't afford it...Why whine about it later? Oh and it really annoys me when people go to a restaurant dressed like schleps and complain about being treated as so... Men get on some slacks, and a collared shirt...Ladies style it up in a dress & some stilettos.  In any high end restaurant you will be taken seriously if you are dressed properly.  If its after 4pm, you should at least be in business casual.Now i cleared up a bit of the yelper aggravation I had going due to some of the silly comments i read... Here is my review of my newest MM experience.I won't Lie, I've always been in love with MM's restaurants...for good reason.  Everything is delightful to the palate, exciting, and perfectly executed.   He is obviously a perfectionist, as all of his many restaurants... everything is executed perfectly.Can I say, I love the fact that I love the fact that I could order the Chef's tasting, while my husband ordered the Kobe rib-eye(if i recall correctly) & Lobster Tail(Market Price $120 approx).  This is usually an issue in Vegas, as the general rule is: 1 person wants tasting?  everyone at table is required to have the same. I'm the type of person, I love a taste of everything, and to me a tasting menu is the ideal way to acquaint yourself with a new restaurant.  And boy was I not let down in the least!In Vegas, this has to be one of the best tasting menus out there, and for a mere $95 pp!  What a Feast!GEODUCK CLAM TEMPURA - Absolutely Fabulous!  Chef was kind enough to send one out to my Husband also which was a super treat for him also.TUNA TARTARE - #1 Tuna Tartare in the West Coast!  MM's @ Bellagio used to be my favorite...now it has been beaten.OCEAN WATER-POACHED MAINE SCALLOPS - Scallop aficionado's beware!  You will not be able to eat scallops anywhere else after eating this morsel of heaven.CAST IRON GRIDDLED FLORIDA FLOUNDER - Best Flounder I've ever eaten bar none.SEA SALT-BAKED BRANZINO - Beat out its competitor @ MM's SeaBlue by a mile!  The skin is so crisp i was in heaven!WOOD-GRILLED ANGUS BEEF FILET - If you are a meat lover this is heavenly... but beware DO NOT taste your spouses Kobe no matter how much you are offered, at least till you finish this as nothing beats Kobe beef. Preparation was superb, and the mushrooms were sooo delicious.Due to my complete aberration of any kind of pudding, I requested before my meal that chef send out any desert besides the pudding.  Chef was kind enough to send out the best desert I've had in all my life... MASCARPONE CHEESECAKE with Blueberries, Vanilla CrustMay I say... if i had to choose 1 desert to eat before I die, it is this one.  Words cannot express the pleasure I had in eating this bit by bit.  Hubby & I shared it, and both of us agreed it is the best cheesecake on planet earth, If they don't have this in heaven...I don't wanna go there LMAOI'm very happy to have spent my birthday here, though I'm very jaded foodie wise - I was WOWed here like i hoped...it felt like a special occasion(very hard for someone who eats at the best restaurants in the world 3-4x a week).  We will be back here Very Very Shortly to indulge our senses.Oh, By the way hostess seemed a bit lost for a second(not anything she did, but she seemed like she got confused on the way to our booth)... But all the service received was ***Michelin Star Worthy.
5	We had the tasting menu. Awesome! Service was excellent too. The scallops with caviar was just delicious. The cod dish melts in your mouth.
5	Who knew dining in Vegas could be so good. Michael Mina never cease to fail me. Loved it.
5	Outstanding dinner.  I rarely want to shell out this kinda dough on cooked fish but this is a place I make an exception for.  I imagine most of these reviews are 4 stars because they ONLY did happy hour :)Our server was really friendly and a wealth of information on all the cuts of fish and after some hemming and hawwwing...we went with the Maine lobster roll and tuna tartare for appetizers.  Both were excellent!  The lobster roll was more like a lobster salad tostada and I savored every freakin bite.  My wife's tartare was just as good and she deemed it the best tuna tartare she's ever had.  That says ALOT!!We went with the waiters recommendations for entrees and got the Tasmanian ocean trout baked in sea salt and the mustard-marinated black cod.  Amazing cod!!!  I assume for Yelper, Seth Y, that this dish was the one that gave him his "mental erection".  The trout was great too but I couldn't get enough of the butteryness of the cod...truly worth coming back for.  Thank god we didn't order any sides because we would've had no room for them.  The entrees came with some small sides on the plate and that was more than enough.  Still had time before we were off for Viva Elvis so we got the Valrhona Chocolate Custard (aka the red velvet dessert thingy) which was the perfect ending for a fantastic meal.
3	Good, but not great.  I had higher expectations.  We both tried the grilled mixed seafood plate. My wife didn't like it since things were not cooked all the way through. I liked my dish but flavor and innovation were lacking. Also tried the lobster appetizer...eh, it was ok.
3	I was excited to try American Fish - I had never been to a Michael Mina restaurant and had heard great things.  Unfortunately, my friend and I were disappointed.  It was fine, but nothing either of us would go back to for dinner.  Grilled bread and cornbread for the table:  tastyShrimp and Grits app:  fine, but not greatMac n cheese:  fine, the truffle oil is very apparent, so don't order this if you don't like that tasteScallop dinner:  The scallops were very bland - again, fine, but not close to the best I have tastedSalted Branzino- again, needed something in the flavor department- bland, even with the skinChocolate dessert: red velvet cake, chocolate creme, etc.. - very goodWine: Au Bon Climat Pinot Noir - very goodOverall: the apps and main courses were pretty blandService:  Very goodAtmosphere:  Very cool, enjoyable
2	2.5 stars rounded down. I was expecting more from a Michael Mina restaurant, though I should have known I would be disappointed given that it seems something is always lost in translation when notable high-end dining finds its way to Vegas.The portions were tiny. I know the concept of quality over quantity is supposed to rule supreme when you've overpaying for a meal (go figure), but I could literally count the number of macaroni shells in the mac and cheese side with my two hands. Too bad since it was some of the best M&C I've ever had. Our other sides/apps were excellent as well (tuna tartare and yellowtail sashimi), and these parts of the meal are what really drive what positive stars I can give.Now the kicker, the fish wasn't great, and by wasn't great, I mean it really sucked. I got the branzino, and the best way I can describe the taste is "essence of fish B.O."I'll knock some more stars off for the poor service which other reviewers have noted. Our server was particularly slow and more-or-less ignored our group until he saw my initial reaction towards the branzino, at which point he rushed over to our table as quickly as possible to explain how my palate was not sophisticated enough to appreciate the intricacies of the fish's flavor profile.Thanks, sir. Now can you bring me a Filet-O-Fish instead?
4	So far this is the only restuarant that I like at the Aria.  The others are bad tasting food and over priced. (well...prices in Las Vegas are always high...but gotta have a good taste to price value though)  Had the BRANZINO (fish) which as excellent.  Was there with the family.  Kids are okay here but they don't have kids menu.  You can just order special mac n cheese or fries for the kids if they don't eat the seafood stuff.  I will definitely eat here again...probably the only place I like thus far in Aria.
3	1st star - the restaurant itself is very nice, although a bit isolated from the rest of the hotel, and the service was good. 2nd star- the shrimp and grits and kobe beef were delicious and i would definitely order both again.  if that was all i ordered, and i didnt try anything else, i would have given 5 stars for sure.  3rd star -the portions imo were very generous.  the branzino was three nice cuts of fish, and surf and turf had a good amount of kobe beef and a whole lobster tail, and both came with three sides, which i initially thought would be more of a garnish but were decent-sized sides.  surf and turf had snap peas, good, marble potatoes, also good, and spinach, okay.  the branzino had a take on a "B.L.T." as sides, with a little arugula salad, too salty, and accompanying arugula sauce, roasted tomatoes and tomato sauce, tasty, and bacon wrapped fingerlings, good but too much potato per potato imo.  why only 3 stars? because while the kobe beef was excellent, the "surf" part, lobster tail, was overcooked or something and chewy. not good, even with drawn butter.  also, the branzino was bland. of the 3 pieces, i only ate one.  3 other friends also ordered the same thing, they also only ate one piece.  the sides with the branzino, while clever for doing a spin on a blt and really beautifully plated, were not delicious and not enough to redeem the fish, which was supposed to be the star of the show.  also, i didn't really care to dip the fish in the blt sauces.  also, the truffle mac and cheese was okay, but the horseradish mashed potatoes had WAY too much horseradish -- like send-it-back-this-must-be-wrong too much horseradish. perhaps it was an off-night? if you go there, order the shrimp and grits and order the kobe beef.
2	Oh American Fish, what a let down you have been.  I have been wanting to try this restaurant for a while now, and frankly, I wish I hadn't bothered.  First of all, I do not like the location of the restaurant.  It is placed right next to the hotel's two other restaurants.  This feels to me like a really expensive food court, where you take your pick of three choices, but end up blowing a few hundred dollars on dinner. Anyway, the real disappointment at American Fish lies in the food.  The best thing about American Fish was the bread basket.  The cornbread was absolutely delicious.  It was warm, fluffy, melt in your mouth scrumptious.  A little sweet too, just how I like it.  The hot buttered ciabatta bread was also great.  It was toasty, grilled, and crusty.  The bread basket led me to believe I was in for a treat for the rest of meal.  Lesson learned- don't judge a restaurant by the bread basket.  We started with the raw seafood platter for two.  The seafood, although served on ice, was lukewarm and did not appear to be fresh.  Everything on the platter smelt fishy, and was very unappealing.  Thank goodness for the cocktail sauce, which masked this unpleasantness.  Also, the clams had grains of sand in them.  Shouldn't these be thoroughly cleaned?  On to the entrees.  I ordered the mixed grill.  The seafood on this was decent.  However, it was served to me cold, after waiting for it for about an hour.  My friend ordered the cornmeal crusted Trout.  The texture of this was nice, but the fish was so bland! It needed some more seasoning or something! I can usually appreciate fish without any kind of sauce of seasoning, but the way this was prepared was definitely lacking in he flavor department.  The service at the restaurant was terrible.  Although the waiter was friendly, we only encountered him a couple of time throughout the meal.  This was disappointing.  We also had to ask about four separate servers for more bread, water, etc.  Finally, we got the bread after about 30 minutes of asking different people.  We were a little annoyed, as that bread was so good.  The only thing that was so good.  I will not be returning to American Fish.  Maybe for the corn muffins and an overpriced glass of wine, but next time I want some fresh crab legs, I'm heading over to Joe's.
3	Strolled into American Fish hungry, thirsty and with a desire to not spend $60 on late lunch. Much to my delight, American Fish offers a great happy hour Sun-Fri with $5 bar bites (these are small bites, mind you), $4 beers and $7 glasses of wine! In Vegas, this happy hour is pretty fab on the Strip. The lounge area is dark and cozy with some super comfy round booths lining the pretty, tree filled bar. Service was most excellent and the food was overall, fine. What we had...Fish 'n Chips: 4/5: Lightly breaded fish and hot, tasty fries in a tiny copper pot. The shallow bit of vinegar at the bottom made this dish quite delicious. Crab poppers: 2/5: I appreciate that it's dungeness crab, but these poppers lacked flavor and texture. Meh.  Lobster corndogs: 3/5: Nice crispy exterior and a small helping of lobster, indicative of the price. The mustard was a nice kick, though. American Fish filled the void of my rumbling tummy and need for an affordable glass of Cava. I bet it would fill yours too.
1	Decor is stark, cold and reminiscent of Crabhouse, not an upscale, overpriced, seafood restaurant. A simple thing like white table cloths would be a decent improvement.Service overall is good, if a bit pretentious. The sommelier is quite  nice and her large "silicone pair" is one of the very few warming features in the place. The huge wine selection leaves you with about 5 crappy choices for around $50. The better stuff starts at over $85, with the bulk priced well over $150. I like to have wine with my dinner, not dinner with my wine, so paying $200+ for a wine to go with a fish tale is not what I consider dinner. If I want an Opus One (over $600) I rather focus on that and let the food be just an accompaniment.The food was prepared very well, cooked perfectly. Unfortunately, that is the end of the praise. The dishes are truly uninspired. The entire menu and four preparation methods end up, in retrospect, as being just a gimmick. The entrees are described as being presented with stuff like morel mushrooms, artichoke, white asparagus and whole grain mustard. Do not be fooled, that is NOT a side dish. That is decoration on the plate. If you want a side you have to spring for the $12 rice and beans. I had the cornmeal crusted trout. Perfectly cooked but lacking severely in taste, even in salt. It is no more than a cornmeal crusted fish, some micro greens, a few pieces on asparagus and some trace of mushroom and artichoke. The sentence describing the greens is large than the actual thing.All and all, I felt this place was an overrated, gimmick with few redeeming qualities (the silicone pair notwithstanding). Once is enough for me.
5	The purpose of the visit was a business dinner with new business contacts to discuss our company's service offering. The atmosphere and unique decor kept our attention and was topic for the first 20 minutes. We were seated at a large round table perfect for our occasion, super comfortable chairs with lumbar support.  Great atmosphere and setting. I enjoyed watching the cooks through the large glass window to the kitchenThe staff was very knowledgeable about the menu and another staff member with very knowledgable about the wine selection. We ordered mixed seafood appetizer that had a good amount of selection and food. I ordered the scallops that was amazing. Very light and melts in your mouth. The sauce, purple potatoes and cucumbers complimented it nicely giving it great flavor. I also tried a piece of the tuna dish which was also very delicious and flavorful. For the occasion this place was perfect and came highly recommended. I too would highly recommend
4	Happy, Happy, Happy Hour!  My friends and I went here for happy hour last Friday and it was the perfect way to kick off our Vegas weekend. $5 plates and $7 drinks. We did wait a while to get menus, but once we did we couldn't stop ordering. The vibe was very nice, not too pretentious , but totally posh. The mini crab cakes , fish & chips , foi gras and mac & cheese were all delish! We were even sent out a few complimentary dishes compliments of the chef, which we were grateful for (Thanks Chef). I would like to visit again to have a full meal, I know it would be amazing...... just another excuse for me to visit Vegas :)
1	WHAT THE F*CK.The portions here are TINY.  Yes, I know this is an upscale place but still.  You really need two or three entrees to feel full.  Our server said the sides were big enough to share.. not really sure what he was talking about because these were also super tiny.  My seared tuna was literally three little tuna ovals.  I wanted to ask where the rest of it went.The menu is very boring also.  There is nothing risky about it.  You would think for such a nice place they would offer something a little more daring.  Nope.You can find MUCH better places in Vegas for cheaper.  Hell, the all you can eat buffet was better than this place and half the price.  So yeah, I would not recommend this place.Got a huge ice cream right after leaving.
5	American Fish took me on a culinary trip like none other.  First off, the service was excellent.  We were able to get a table right next to the kitchen, which I prefer most of the time.  Our waiter was entertaining without being annoying, and completely added to the entire experience.  We (4 of us) opted for the tasting menu which was a journey through different fish and meats coupled with different preparation methods.  I was eating fish and crustaceans I normally don't touch, and loved every bit.  The wine pairing was excellent, and really added to the overall experience.  Definitely on my short list of places in Vegas I will go to over and over.
5	To ease away some Vdara grumpiness, I started with a Blood & Sand  cocktail (scotch, cherry brandy, sweet vermouth, orange juice), only for the ulzzanged out server to caution me against it with a "It's not very sweet or fruity, it's pretty strong'. To which it piqued my interest even more. And it was perfect. So perfect, I ordered another nearly immediately. Hey, for $7....!Probably because we looked hungry and inhaled the first round in a matter of seconds (seriously, our table fell dead silent when the food arrived), we kept receiving more plates as "compliments of the chef".    Everything on the lounge menu is delicious and shockingly priced @ $5/plate. Although each serving is a mere bite size, I'd say 4 orders is a sufficient amount of food for a normal dinner. I was in LOVE with foie gras poppers, I kept ordering more! Smooth, rich, buttery...heaven!  Excellent happy hour, will definitely be back!
4	Happy hour:   Pretty good food.  The fries fills you up, otherwise the other dishes may leave you hungrier than ever.It was interesting to watch a the experienced bar tender train the new bar tender as I eat.
2	Came here end of June, I was really excited to dine here, especially since it was my birthday.  Unfortunately, the restaurant is overrated and overpriced.  A lot of the entrees were unavailable so that limited our choices. I got the mixed grill and the bf got the sockeye salmon. We also ordered the malt vinegar fries.  Everything was just ok.  The only thing we really enjoyed was the free cornbread, which was delicious. What made it worse was that there were no free soda refills! Plus, the soda came in this small skinny glass filled with ice for $4.00 each! What a gyp!
1	Horrifying service.  Rude and arrogant.  almost an hour for our entrees on a TUESDAY!   WTF?   Sodisappointed as michael Mina restaurants are so good, but this one was sub par.  It will be a long time before I go to another MM restaraunt again.  I can't get over how rude everyone was.  avoid this at all costs.  Go to Spirio instead.
4	I have been to Minna in SF, and I would say this is just a half notch below that experience.Overall, first rate staff and service. Excellent food. Cool ambiance. Slightly cool chill at the initial booth we sat in (we had to move booths as the draft was just too much). And straight-forward luxury experience.4-stars only because of the draft at the one booth (hard to explain which one,  but a booth at the far end of the restaurant, I think 2nd one from the front) and it was a little too straight-forward, if you know what I mean. Nothing that stood out (but still very nice overall).Had the salmon, quality dish..
3	The food was o.k. I had the tasting menu it was average. The service was good.
5	This place is amazing! The service and ambiance was great but the food was even better. We had a Rhone wine called Pourpre that I have been searching for online (can't find it) because it was one of the best I have ever had. The truffle mac and cheese was to die for and the sockeye salmon was perfect. It is pricey but worth it!
5	Great service and amazing wine list, some as high as $20,000 but I chose an awesome Malbec called Andoro for $44!  The wild caught salmon was the best salmon in Las Vegas, I am spoiled with OR and WA fresh caught wild salmon and I must say this was as good, a first for Las Vegas.  Also healthy and taste side items such as asparagus with organic hazelnuts.  The french fries are the best period, not a close second out there.  I WILL BE BACK!Wayne Gorsek
4	Contrary to Jean Georges Steakhouse. I didn't have a high expectation for this place but ended up having a fantastic meal!The restaurant itself is nicely decorated with a sleek and modern feel; The open fire kitchen was a nice touch, especially since we were freezing and the host was kind enough to sit us next to the fire. Our server was very helpful and attentive. Our glasses were kept full the entire meal without us ever having to flag anyone down. He introduced us to the specials and some of his favorite dishes. We ended up trying the Shrimp & Grits and the Lobster Roll for appetizer. Being a huge fan of the city of Savannah I have to say this is the best S&G dish I've had outside of Savannah! Perfect amount of seasoning and the Serrano ham really brought out the flavor of the shrimp. Lobster rolls were average.For dinner, I went with the mustard marinated black cod. The portion is huge! I didn't even end up finishing it. It was a little bit on the salty side for me but the fish was cooked to perfection, very tender and melts in your mouth.  Overall we had a great time at American Fish. Great service and very tasty food. Highly recommended if you're visiting the strip.
5	Didn't have the highest of expectations after reading the not so great reviews, but my experience at American Fish was one of the best dining experiences I've had in a while!It was a little difficult to find as it's not located on the main floor of ARIA and is on the 2nd level across from Sirio and Jean Georges. We were seated right away as the restaurant was pretty empty when we got there because my mom is practicing for her AARP years and wanted to eat dinner at 5. I've been trying to get in the habit of turning away the bread basket so I don't fill up on it before dinner, but so glad I forgot to here-they brought out this grilled cibatta that was to die for. WIth or without butter, this bread was carboload heaven and I would come back just to sit in the presence of this bread basket. There was also a delightful cornbread muffin and I think some other bread in there, but the cibatta had my full and complete attention and the only downside to this evening was that my mom got the other piece.I got the AF caesar which had the most interesting twist which I believe was dehydrated capers? The salad was deconstructed and garnished with anchovy, lemon, and these capers that were crispy, salty and melt in your mouth perfect. I got the branzino for the main course which was cooked perfectly and a great mild white fish. It's a fish that I'd recommend to those who say they don't like fish because it's not at all fishy and very filling. I'd never had it before and was really pleased with the flavor! It was served with bacon wrapped potatoes (can you really go wrong there?) and an heirloom tomato salad, which I really enjoyed as we say good bye to summer, thus heirloom tomatoes. For dessert I had the Valrhona chocolate custard which was  just as rich and decadent as it sounds. It was served thankfully in a reasonably small portion, so with some effort I polished it off. It's a tough job, but someone has to finish the chocolate custard.Our waiter was so genuinely nice and kind. She checked on us a balanced number of times (not neglectful and not all up in our business either) and answered every question we had wonderfully. The manager was going from table to table, seeing how everyone's dinner was, which was nice to see-you just don't see that everywhere.Definitely added AF to my list of special occasion dining places and look forward to coming back!
4	A group of my co-workers and I went to "American Fish" after the Verizon Developer Conference for some dinner. This establishment is only open for dinner as well to those who are considering attending. My rating is based on the food; the food was so good that it over-shadowed the poor service. I believe that we just got stuck with a slow waiter that even as I observed the other patrons eating and receiving their meals. As with everything inside the Aira, this place is pricy. Definitely attend with a group where the bill can be split evenly. I had the "mustard marinated black cod" dinner; comes with creamed corn and marbled potatoes for $54 dollars. The meal was a decent size and fulfilling, not to mention absolutely mouth watering.
5	I was walking along the strip and looking for a good place to eat since my friend and I won some decent $$$ at the casino, so we decided to pick a good place before catching my flight. Picked up a magazine that talked about fine dining and saw American Fish by Michael Mina. I remember seeing SeaBlue at MGM Grand but it wasn't open. So I decided to go to Aria to check out this place.I had less than an hour to dine so really, didn't have time to go for a fancier place than I initially anticipated. I managed to get their oysters and scallops with asparagus on the side. Perfectly done. Too bad I couldn't do wine and food pairing with my lovely seafood dinner because I partied too much the night before...
1	My first time at a Michael Mina restaurant, after hearing so many accolades about his restaurants for years, and almost surely my last. The experience I had here was so horrifying, I can't imagine a second chance in the offing.I was in a party of four. Nicely greeted at the front and seated. That was fine. Waiter introduction. Menus. The usual. Then it goes right downhill. This was after 7 pm on a Tuesday night. Restaurant was about half full. Almost right off the bat, the waiter informs us that, while there are tasting menus (five or seven-course), the "chef's rules" (his words, I kid you not) are that either the entire group orders tasting menus (and the same course amount) or nobody can. I have been to restaurants twice as expensive to half the price and have never in my LIFE heard of such a policy - especially for a group of this relatively small size. Anyway, we joke about it and give the restaurant the benefit of the doubt (and note - nothing on the tasting menus comprises of any items not on the a la carte menu, which is relatively skimpy if you ask me.) Anyway, after a few minutes of discussion, we all agree to go a la carte. We start off with some caesar salad and the dungeoness crab tasting appetizers. The salad was, at best, ordinary and when they call the green part "little gem lettuce", I think they should have capitalized "little". As for the crab....I'd love to review but this is now six days since I ate there and I'm wondering if it's coming via air mail. How does a finer dining restaurant completely miss a course? Damned if I know. In the meantime, there was also a bread basket. The corn muffins were actually decent so if you want to spend at least 80 bucks a head on a fine corn muffin dinner, you've hit paydirt here. The other bread was toasted sliced foccacia. Three of the five slices were not only over-toasted but were clearly blackened on one side. How nobody in the kitchen picked up on this before service is yet another mystery in this enigma. On to the main course. Two share the Salt-baked aged prime rib. Before being cooked, this was fun to look at - a 45 oz. bone-in monster embedded (and removed tableside) in a huge salt block. $170. Waiter asks how it's to be cooked and is told between rare and medium rare. It ends up coming back......medium (and overcooked medium at that.) Waiter comes......says he "didn't understand" what my company meant and told the kitchen to make it medium on the outside and medium rare on the inside. Of course, the question as to why a waiter would "guess" at how to cook a $170 slab of meat instead of, oh, asking the customers for specific clarification, is a great question. Plus one that didn't get answered because, after that (and offering no solution), we'd never see him again until the check came. My wife chose the mixed grill. Tasteless and presented like something out of a New York diner gone bad. A special moment came when she pulled up one of the calamari which, as she explained quite accurately if you ask me, resembled a burnt baby spider. I guess I got the "winner winner chicken dinner" choice by default - the branzino. I'll accept that it's a more difficult fish to prepare into something good but, for a place like this, I think three pieces of tiny cut and non-special cooked whitefish with squirts of three different non-memorable dipping sauces merits disappointment, no? We also had the horseradish potato as a side. Highly recommended if you're having sinus problems. The horseradish is so overpowering, you really can't taste the potato - and based on the yellow soupish goop it sat in, I'm not sure you could see it either. Anyway, while the waiter disappeared, we finally decided to call a manager who, with a nice smile mind you, left this whole mess with "I'm sorry" and "oh nooooooo" and then proceeded to become the waitress for the rest of the meal. Never even offered coffee, dessert, a suggested solution (particularly with the prime rib). Actually, at the end, MIA waiter, without flinching came back to speak. And he said..........."I guess you'd like the check now?" I might expect this kind of attitude from a 68 year-old waitress in her 30th year slugging out sandwiches at the old deli institution, but at a premium-price fine dining place from a "celebrated" chef? I'm still deciding whether I was embarrassed (for choosing the place to begin with) , appalled or downright angered but, no matter what case, I obviously would never recommend this place to anyone even semi-sober. But I'll try to be funny about it. Prior to this on the same trip, I had great experiences at Sensi (at Bellagio, another MGM property) and Alize and a memorably sensational one at BOA. This place? Unless you want to toss down a few at the spacious bar before the Elvis show, I wouldn't just walk by this Michael Mina "experience"......I'd run. FAST.
2	I've always been a fan of Michael Mina's restaurants.  I was very disappointed with American Fish.  Course after course, I was looking for the next one to be "the one" that redeemed the last.  A big miss all around.  Really, not one course was anything above average for me.  The wine pairing was excellent, though.
1	Terrible service, the food arrived cold, the first manager to whom we spoke argued with us.  Waiter completely ignored us. The second manager comped us two of our six dinners and some desserts.
2	If you like tasteless but expensive food, be my guest.
4	Its been a while since I hit Vegas, but when I did I ate here. Before going to see O, we had their Truffled Mac n Cheese which might be my favorite dish hands down. For someone who hadn't had grits before, I fell in love with their Shrimp and Grits for obvious reasons once you taste it. The white fish we had, I can't exactly remember, but I think it was trout covered in cornbread crumbs, it tasted like butter regardless. I was too full for dessert, but I'm sure it would be fabulous...maybe next time :P
3	Came with Angela H. for some Happy Hour Birthday kickoff action. $5 bites, $7 cocktails, $4 beer and wine. The food is quality, but I warn is a bit small. I don't know if this would be a place to come for happy hour to make a "meal" as it might be worth it to just go get dinner. For little appetites, a snack, a pre dinner thing, yes. I had the Manhattan to drink and it was strong and delicious. Angela had two brambles. One was boozy and one was less boozy and made differently so I dunno what that's about. I perused the regular bar menu and VERY fair pricing on cocktails and alcohol. Bourbon list was actually respectable- a big plus in my book! To eat: Fish and Chips- good stuff. Batter was pretty crunchy and light, the fries are super crispy and are malt vinegar flavored already. Mac N Cheese- Really creamy, flavorful, and nice textures with the greens and mushrooms in it-  friggin good.Lobster roll- tasty good mayo based lobster roll. The bread it was on was delish and buttery...I kinda wanted a huge basket of that. Kitchen gave us another one, gratis...schweet! Salmon BLT- pretty decent, but wouldn't get again. Not memorable.Shrimp and grits- now those are some might fine grits! Super cheesy, flavorful and with little Serrano ham pieces. I rather even go without shrimp for more grits. Oysters- pretty fresh and good. I think they're a NW variety. 2 in an order with two different toppings. Service left a lot to be desired though. We started with 4 apps and drinks and wanted more. It was an hour later our server even came to check on us and I was about rife to not order more. Hopefully this isn't the usual for dinner service. We were in a out of the way lounge area which is also kinda a waiting area, but still not an excuse. We sat right by the hostess stand and she passed by us often. I mean I know it's not her job per se, but you'd think empty drinks and plates, maybe go call a server too.I think I'll be back- but perhaps for dinner.
3	We went here only because every other restaurants were booked up.  It was ok, nothing impressive and since this is a Michael Mina, you bet it's overpriced.  I prefer RN74 in SF better.
4	This is my very first Michael Mina restaurant, and I enjoyed every single dish.Appetizers:Shrimp n Grits: Very delicious! soup-like blend with four whole shrimp pieces on topAmerican Fish Caesar: small strips of anchovy with lettuce, olives, n capers with huge bread-cruton piecesMain Courses:Cornmeal Crusted Rainbow Trout: as described, with eggplant, couscous, squashMixed Grill: mushrooms, cauliflower, marbled potatoes, with their mix of seafood, I had two shrimps, squid, scallops, and a few other items that I cannot recallDesserts:Mascarpone Cheesecake: huckleberries with vanilla crustValrhona Chocolate Custard: red velvet cake with the crunchiest pecans all over cocoa ice cream, loved this ! reminded me of a pizookie heheThe breads were toasted to order, and came with cornbread too. Everything was so fresh, but the portions were small ): full at the end of the day b/c of the tasty bread.
1	My wife, young son, and I stayed at the Atria for the holidays and had Christmas dinner 2011 at American fish.  It was a mistake.  To kick off our bad experience, there was a reasonable prix fixe menu in the window which lured us in, but which was not being served that evening (we learned only after we sat down). The actual menu was 2X as expensive as the usual daily fare. There were at least 25 people working the restaurant that evening, including two hostesses on staff, but they didn't bother to update the menu in the front glass, which would have taken less than 2 minutes to do, so I can only conclude that this was an intentional bait-and-switch.  Deciding "let's give it a shot anyway", we didn't walk out then and there (but should have).  The food was "B/B+" overall, with absolute nose bleed expensive prices with crazy tiny portions (e.g., we ordered a side that was essentially mac and cheese for $12, but it was only about 1 cup in size!).  Worse still, the menu listed accompaniments like "couscous" that supposedly came with the entre, but there was literally less than a teaspoon worth of couscous with my dish (a chicken roast). Why bother to claim that 25 grains of couscous is on the plate in the first place?  The wine list is also beyond outrageous.  Then there is the ambience.  It is virtually just a giant room, extremely loud, and difficult to hear.  We live in San Francisco, from whence Michael Mina first built his empire, and sometimes we're slow to connect the dots, but after trying both RN74 in San Francisco, Nob Hill in Vegas, and now American Fish, we will never step foot in another outrageous, pretentious, overpriced and poorly serviced restaurant of Mr. Mina's again.  There are other great choices in Vegas -- just give it a look.
4	I am in love mostly with the happy hour. The meals are great as well, I just prefer Nobhill and SeaBlue when it comes to Michael Mina dining. The bar decor is one of my favorites. You must try their shrimp and grits which can also be found on their happy hour menu.
5	GREAT experience overall. We had appetizers, an entree, then had a drink at the bar to cap things off. Had a 6pm reservation with my lil sis Jenni and although we were late, the hostess was more than welcoming - "Don't even worry about it, we'll get you seated right away." We were seated in a beautifully decorated booth, which was roomy and private. LOVED IT. Our waiter was very formal, although probably a bit too stiff. However, he probably just took his job really seriously, which is fine by me. He recommended the daily special, which was a Kobe beef surf and turf with 8oz Kobe beef steak and 1/2 a lobster for $86. Jenni was considering ordering that, but we each opted for the following:Appetizers: -Nantucket Bay Scallop & Hudson Valley Foie Gras (with honeycrisp apple tarte tatin, macademenia nuts, elderflower gastrique) - $28-Manhattan Clam Chowder (with oyster crackers and crisped pork belly) - $19Commentary on appetizers: Everything was delicious. Jenni had foie gras for the first time and liked it - glad she had her first experience with such high quality one, as I've definitely had poorly prepared foie gras before that did NOT make it appetizing and would scare any person off. The clam chowder, as simple as it was, was absolutely flawless. Everything was hot and fresh.  Entrees:-Cornmeal crusted rainbow trout (comes with eggplant, squash, couscous, lemon caper butter) - $33-Mixed grill (mix of fish and shellfish - comes with creamed mushrooms, colorful cauliflower salad, marbled baby potatoes) - $41Commentary on entrees: The rainbow trout is their signature dish, and it is beautifully presented. The trout was flavorful, perfectly seasoned, and the lemon caper sauce was SO complementary! The vegetables were beautifully presented and each grilled to perfection. The mixed grill was a hearty serving of fish (looked like Jenni got cod, some shrimp, a few pieces of chorizo, as well as clams and diver scallops), plus three mini bowls for the cauliflower, potatoes, and creamed mushrooms. Everything was grilled beautifully. I appreciate that they took such care to make sure the flavor of all their seafood was highlighted. We then paid our bill and decided to get a drink at the bar, then head over to Jean Phillippe for gelato. At the bar, we met CHRISTIAN, who is a delight. Jenni asked for a recommendation and he suggested the Bramble, which has lemon juice, gin, sugar, and a touch of creme de cassis. I ordered the dark and stormy (rum, ginger beer), which was so delicious, I drank it way too quickly. Each drink was $10, which was very reasonably priced for a higher end restaurant. Christian, who is amazing, was so friendly and apologized so many times for making us wait (which, honestly, we didn't know was a wait-- amazing service, I tell ya). Loved him, and loved the experience. The water he offered us was no ice, Fiji water, which is exactly how I wanted it. Amazing experience. Love this place!
5	Time and time again, I return to this establishment when I am in need of restaurant that has solid food with an elegant ambiance that is still warm and inviting. I returned to American Fish, and I have to say that it was still just as good, if not better, than the last time.This time around, I was pleasantly surprised to find the addition of their Happy Hour menu that takes places at their mini lounge at the front of the restaurant/bar. From 5-7PM daily, choose dishes for just around $5 bucks each, and wines/4 specialty cocktails for $7 each. A real steal for Las Vegas!The menu is the same as last time, with a couple of specials (around 3) added daily. Their sides are still top notch here. The truffled mac and cheese and the sweet potato puree are outstanding and great for sharing.Service is outstanding, but, during peak hours can get a little busy. Our dinner service took about 2 and a half hours (was seated by 6:30 and was out by 9PM) for 3 people. Granted, we each went thru appetizers, main courses & dessert/coffee, however, if it's busy, be prepared to spare plenty of time. If you want to be in and out of there, just opt to eat the lounge then.Great for business dinners, dates, or foodies!
4	This review is only for their happy hour menu, which is available in their bar area.So delicious! They have small dishes for $5 during happy hour. I ordered the mac&cheese and prime rib sandwich. Both were really good. I especially loved the mac&cheese. I think it could be the best mac&cheese I've ever had... in life! But beware - portions are SMALL. Luckily, I wasn't too hungry so the two dishes were enough to fill me up. I also shared the cheesecake and bread pudding for dessert with a couple of friends. These desserts were also really good (but also very small). Good service, good ambiance, good happy hour!
3	I returned for a second visit a few months ago, and I regret to say that the quality has slipped a bit. It is still a very good and solid place, but it's missing the magic it had when it opened. The menu had changed a little, particularly the side dishes, but we ordered the same dishes as our first visit: the mixed grill and the ocean trout. We decided to splurge on the seafood tower instead of the usual appetizers. The seafood tower was great. I am glad to say that the qualify and freshness of the seafood is still exactly the same as our first visit. My ocean trout was exactly the same as I experienced at my previous visit. However my husband's mixed grill had an unpleasant creosote-like aftertaste taste from the wood grill. It was like licking an ashtray, and my husband did not eat more than a few bites and complained to the hostess. The staff was very apologetic, and discounted my husband's entree from the bill, but we got the impression that they didn't believe there was something wrong with his dish. It was perfectly cooked, but the ashtray aftertaste seemed to be "open to interpretation" with the chef, who reported that it might be the resin in the burning wood that didn't appeal to my husband's individual taste. I think the chef executed the dish perfectly, but there was something wrong with that wood grill impregnating the seafood with a sooty flavor- not the chef's fault at all.The sides were extremely bland, I ordered the truffled mac n cheese but the truffles had since left the building. There were chunks of crimini mushrooms, but oddly there was no mushroom flavor to be found. I've made better mac-n-cheese at home, so I wasn't too pleased with the side dish. If I go out for dinner I do expect to be served something better than what I can prepare for myself. I may be a good cook, but I'm not a culinary school graduate. So when I eat at a restaurant of this price point, I expect the chefs to kick my ass.The service remained very good, we have no complaints about the staff. If the overall quality of the food remained the same, we'd gladly come back. But for the price point there are better places to dine.
5	American fish is one of my favorites in Vegas...everything is on point! The servers are friendly and helpful, the food is to die for, and you can beat the atmosphere!
1	Service was 5 stars (EXCEPT for note below), food was 1.There were 15 of us dining here and not one of us liked our entree.  It is very pricey and bleh.Mine and hubby's soda arrived with our food, and our waitress kept saying "oh I forgot your drinks!" every time she walked by.   Meanwhile she didn't forget the multiple alcoholic beverages for our other guests.  Also, she said she'd comp the sodas, but did not.  In the grand scheme of the overall bill, the two sodas we were charged for did not come close to the bad food that we should have been comped for. Not impressed, the buffet at Aria was better (but not great)
5	5 stars all of the way. Food is amazing. Bar program is amazing. Where else can you have a happy hour everyday 5 - 7 pm, and also enjoy a phenomenal tasting menu that is reasonably priced? All within a Michael Mina enviorment? Yes please.
4	I've eaten at American Fish once during happy hour, and once for dinner during Restaurant Week Spring '12.I actually really enjoy the happy hour here and think it's a great place to have drinks and stare at the forest illusion behind the bar with a handcrafted cocktail. Oh and a friend, I guess. Yea yea, all cocktails are handcrafted, but you know what I'm trying to imply. Fresh ingredients, no premade mixes. Yes. Their cocktail list is very interesting and has some classic prohibition era style options. There are egg whites involved. And they make for tasty libations. The appetizers were small, as expected, and delicious, as expected.For dinner I was less impressed. We were a table of four with reservations, but had to wait at the bar for 20 minutes while they figured out where to put us. I've already stated that I love that bar.. I had no problem with this. What I did have a problem with was the fact that we got there at 9pm and left at midnight when ordering off of a prixe fix menu. For serious? It took aaagggess to get our first course. I thought I might die if not for the grilled bread and corn bread they served us. Once the food eventually did get there, it was super fresh and light and exactly what I expected. For my appetizer I had the shrimp and grits which was amazing (okay.. not light..). Also tried the calm chowder, and damn.. the pork belly was still crispy and it had a fantastic contrast of textures and a smokey undertone.. hands-down, best Manhattan style I've had. The mixed grill came with diver scallops, tiger shrimp, razor clams, sausage and salmon. Little bites of each, it was perfect and the sides that were served with it were good but so rich I couldn't finish any of themAll of the seafood is really fresh and I appreciate the cooking methods that showcase that and keep it really simple. If it's seafood, let it do it's thing, and they give it the spotlight here by either grilling, salt baking or ocean water poaching.Now, for the value.. it's just not there.. but it's the strip! What do you expect? Seafood on the strip? Please, we're in the desert. It's for this reason, though, that I have a hard time enjoying meals on the strip when I know I could go to Spring Mountain and have someone's sweet grandmother make me something that would be more satisfying than this meal was. And that would be like an $8 vs $200 difference.American Fish is exactly what you expect it to be and if you eat here you won't be disappointed. For the value (or lack thereof) and poor service in a fine dining establishment.. I'd give this three stars. Bumped to four for the awesome sommelier they have here who helped us pick fantastic wines throughout dinner.Cheers!
5	*Let me start off by saying this review is for the lounge only*After a horrible partial meal at Jaleo, we decided to walk over to the Aria and grab a few drinks. I saw that American Fish had a good happy hour from 5-7 p.m. earlier when I was checking out restaurants. Although we were too late for the happy hour, we decided to go to the lounge since they had some reasonably priced stuff and we had just dropped $100 bucks at Jaleo. After a bit of a trek through the Aria, we arrived at American Fish. We didn't have to wait, just went right in and sat at the bar. The atmosphere of this place is just what I like, sophisticated without being outdated and relaxing. We had an amazing bartender named Eric who explained the classic cocktail list to us. He was very friendly without being annoying. We decided to order 3 small plates, the fish and chips, the crab with truffle sauce and the shrimp and grits. They are priced as follows: 1 for $82 for $153 for $22 4 for $28There were several other things on the menu that sounded good as well.  Although the plates were small, the food was absolutely amazing and well-priced. The fish and chips were cooked to perfection, nice and crispy not greasy and flavorful. The shrimp was juicy and delicious and the grits had a nice tangy cheesy flavor. The crab balls were coated in sesame and even though they were small, you could see all the yummy crab and the black truffle sauce was amazing.  We are excited to go back for happy hour when the small plates are $5 and try some more things. I also want to try a full meal because the menu looked delicious!
5	Elegant cabin feel, great and friendly service, wonderful bar design, corn muffins, prime rib baked in salt, and countless number of specials who couldn't ask for a better place to dine!
5	Awesomely delicious food!  You must try the shrimp and grits appetizer and the mustard marinated black cod!  The white chocolate bread pudding is also a must have!  If you're looking for a cocktail, the Narragansett cobbler is amazing!
5	First of all the service is remarkable. $5 happy hour where else on the strip can you get that! For dinner I do recommend on getting one of the two best fishes on the menu, the mustard marinated black cod or the branzino. Or if you feel like some variety of shellfish and fish  try the mixed grill with chorizo. Oh and for dessert  the chocolate custard with red velvet cake and pecans or try the chefs tasting for a variety of desserts.
4	After doing my usual research I settled on American Fish for, you guessed it, fish. First, our waiter was, quite knowledgable about everything on the menu, was comfortable making recommendations and quickly alerted those with a need to know about son Dale's shellfish allergy. He went so far as ordering bread grilled separately from the usual bread since shellfish are also prepared on the same grill. Nice touch.Having mentioned the bread, it was crusty and grilled in butter & olive oil; just right. The corn bread was sweet, moist and didn't cry out for butter; a joy by itself. Okay, down to business...my appetizer, Thai Beef Carpaccio. Paper thin, beautifully flavored beef served with bits of Maine Lobster, pine nuts and a whisper of coconut with a spicy sauce; heavenly.Sue had an exquisite Caesar Salad with crispy, fresh Romaine and highlighted by tangy, white anchovies...this was really a special treat. Order this is you're here.My entree was a Mediterranean sea bass called Branzino; a flaky white fish baked in sea salt. The fish was adequately prepared and fairly tasty but didn't rise to the level of Sue's Caesar or my Carpaccio; still pretty good. It was served with a pungent squid ink risotto which I loved although it could have been served a little more on the "wet" side.The wine choice, a Willamette Vally Pinot Noir was up to par and we skipped dessert.All in all a very good choice for fish lovers in Vegas but not spectacular. Oh.... it was really expensive but everything in Vegas is really expensive it seems.
5	Hands down one of the best happy hours available on the strip. Its a little hidden gem I tell you! $5 dollar happy hour appetizers from 5pm-7pm..I'm all in! Over 10 delicious items to choose from you might just need a bib to read that menu. This is definitely where you want to be to hide from those blazing rays!Some of the must trys!Foie Gra Poppers: If you like foie gras to any extent..don't even think about it, just order it. You'll see why eventually.Shrimp and Grits: A bite of this will take you way back to your southern childhood ratatouille style!Truffled Mac n Cheese: Macaroni and cheese dressed in truffle sauce cooked to perfection and served in beautiful copper pots. So good you probably won't want to share.Fish and Chips: Lightly battered cod fried to perfection resting on a warm bed of fries. The best part? They make their own tartar sauce! Each dip will leave you wondering whats in it that makes it taste so good bite after bite.Prime Rib Sandwich: Don't be afraid of the horse radish. It tastes AMAZING with the prime rib! Leave it on or get it on the side. Asides from all the food they do have an excellent bar menu as well! $4 bottled beer and $7 hand poured wine/ signature cocktails  you'd be crazy not to swing by and see for yourself!
5	My husband and I pigged out here for $100 during happy hour. We seriously ate the entire happy hour menu and felt like Kings. We love the commitment for excellent food, service, and drinks. Happy hour is the way to go for a good quality high end affordable night out. The bar tender know his stuff and engaged us very well.  :)
5	Amazing restaurant. Then again, I was born and raised in St. Louis, so I consider toasted ravioli and provel cheese delicacies. Take this with a grain of salt. We went with a group of 10 ladies. We decided to try the tasting menu for around $100. It was worth every penny. I ate outside of my normal box, and I did not taste one thing that was not utterly delicious. Service was impeccable. The ambiance was relaxing, yet entertaining (if that makes sense).
5	My girlfriend and I celebrated our 1 year Anniversary at American Fish, and I must say, it was absolutely wonderful. There is a reason it was recently named the best seafood restaurant in Vegas. I had the salmon, my girlfriend had a white fish. Both were delectable. I would highly recommend this to everyone.
2	Had dinner in Michael Mina's American Fish restaurant in the Aria hotel/casino in Las Vegas, based on the outstanding dinner we had in his restaurant in San Francisco. We were underwhelmed, the food was good but over priced and the service sucked. The restaurant was not busy, we had a 7:30 reservation and arrived about 20 minutes early. It took over 15 minutes to be even greeted by a server and it never got any better. Overall, grossly overpriced for poor service and just good food, nothing memorable or anything to go back for.
1	Every year, our sales manager picks out an amazing restaurant for the owner to take our company out to celebrate another year (and another NAB).For the first time ever, Frank picked a dud. With Michael Mina's pedigree (and previous good experience in the restaurant in Bellagio that bears his name) we expected to be amazed and walked out shaking our head.Service flat out sucked. It's not like they were busy - it was pretty much empty on a night where it should have been packed with conventioneers. The sommelier did not inspire confidence and we felt ignored all night. The food was completely oversalted, especially anything involving squid. It took hours to get the salty taste out of my mouth from the squid, although that wasn't the only offending fish of the night. I guess I should consider myself lucky to not have chosen one of the salt-crusted entrees.The food sucked. The service sucked. The prices were out of line. Blowing your expense account isn't any fun when the meal blows goats.There are some fine restaurants in Aria. American Fish is not one of them.
4	The layout of the restaurant is very open.  There is an open kitchen in the back where you can see through the glass.  It's nicely lit and the decor is simple.  Food: My friend had their 4-course tasting dinner for $85.  We ordered the chilled seafood sampler platter for appetizer and I ordered the sturgeon.  Let me first point out that the bread was amazing!  The corn bread muffin was especially moist and tasty.  I can't even imagine how much butter that little nugget had, but it was so damn good! Now my sturgeon was a bit on the fishy side.  I wasn't blown away but it had a unique flavor.  I couldn't care for the artichoke that was on the side but the squid ink risotto was BOMB!  My friend's tasting dinner was good. He really liked the Farmer's Market Salad.  He described that as every bite having a different taste due to the ingredients in the salad.  The 2nd cours of salmon was good but nothing to be blown away about.  The hollandaise was a bit much.  They ran out of lamb chops for the 3rd course, so he opted for the halibut and it was yummy.  It was different since it was cooked with braised short rib on top.  It was unique.  We weren't impressed with the dessert - and actually I can't even remember now - so that's how good that was - Not really!Bottom line: If you wanna shell out some decent dough and get a good meal, this can be the place.  It was also very convenient since the sky suite entrance was literally across from the restaurant, making it a breeze for us to just take the elevator down.  Vegas has a lot of high end places, so take your pick.
5	During our annual business trips to Vegas we always enjoy a great meal at American Fish. We live in San Francisco, which has several amazing restaurants in the bay area. We select the pre fixe to let impress us with what she/he feels is their best for the day.Yes it is a little pricey and it is excellent, as well.
1	I went on a Thursday night and the restaurant was about half empty yet still very loud - I guess because of the open layout. The service was good but unfortunately the food was not. Since I wasn't that hungry decided to go with two appetizers: caesar salad and a lobster roll. The caesar salad was presented as three stacks about 3" high of romaine lettuce leaves coated in dressing, each stack was topped with a 1" anchovy, and a little bit of black olive puree drizzled around the plate for decoration. The caesar dressing was heavy and bland - tasted like mayonnaise out of the jar - and there weren't enough anchovies or olives making this completely tasteless.Next came the "lobster roll" which was three small pieces of bread that had been fried in butter and topped with a lobster salad that was just nasty. The lobster was minced in a (a LOT of) aioli with (a LOT of) celery and tomatoes. Could not taste any lobster whatsoever  and overall was greasy, garlicky, and gross.Only saving grace so to speak was the glass of red wine that my waitress poured quite generously. Overall two appetizers and a glass of red wine was $60. I have been to many Michael Mina restaurants across the country so was not expecting cheap but I was expecting good. This was NOT GOOD!
2	Michael Mina - as a contemporary chef has created a wonderful menu at the American Fish restaurant in the promenade level of the (new) Aria hotel/casino on the Strip. Although our food met most of our expectations, the overall experience - our server, etc. really made this a Las Vegas restaurant that could have been skipped.The room is nicely done with a great open kitchen and step-down main dining area with a few booths along the perimeter and reasonably spaced tables. We were sat in an area  just off the host station and gazes into the sterile lobby of the "upscale food court - far away from the nice vibe that the restaurant establishes. When we asked to be moved (to the many empty tables closer to the kitchen) our host said that this was not possible with no explanation. The evening went down-hill from there. The main courses were outstanding - the Blackened Cod being an amazing dish - almost worth the pricing of over $50. The Diver Scallops were among the best we had ever had. The Sommelier was the most service oriented of the team that waited on us - with great suggestions for wine pairings that were worth the steep prices.For us, it was the indifferent service or attitude towards our evening that made this a poorly memorable evening. I had mentioned that this was a double-birthday celebration when making the reservation and nobody mentioned a thing to us when we were sat or throughout the meal. As a 4-Star LV restaurant, American Fish failed to deliver on this occasion to the point where I would strongly recommend one go to Michael Mina's at the Bellagio before venturing into the Aria for this restaurant.
2	Food was awesome. Had the fillet and cheesecake. Service was sooo bad... Took 3 hours to eat dinner... Will NEVER go back. We had a party of 17. Not last minute... Booked about a month in advance. About $70 a person. Do the math. It's not like they were not trying thrower was about 4 people waiting on us...and still they just couldn't get it right!! My time is too valuable to spend  over 3 hours to eat dinner. Never again.
3	You show the lights that stop me turn to stoneYou shine it when I'm aloneAnd so I tell myself that I'll be strongAnd dreaming when they're gone at...AMERICAN FISH! - Ellie Goulding (lights)I was able to try tasting size portions of different foods and the ones that stood out to me first was the kobe beef and abalone shabu shabu. Nice presentation and overall a great starter concept. Next came the shellfish platter that included lobster, clams, shrimp, calamari and scallops. Everything was on par for what fresh seafood should taste like, except maybe for the calamari, which was a little saltier than I would like. The salmon dish came with beautiful pieces of asparagus, although I thought the sauce was a lacking in flavor. The white chocolate bread pudding that we ordered was so good; I would gladly eat that any day. It's not overly sweet either so don't be worried about that. Overall, service and dessert carried the overall meal.Food: 3 stars --- Service: 4.5 stars --- Atmosphere: 4.5 stars --- Price(value): n/a
4	OUTSTANDING restaurant!  Excellent portions (not too large), flavorful food, great service.  Chose the scallops, with peas, creamed corn, asparagus.  Everything was perfectly prepared.  Also had the Caesar salad as an appetizer, which was tasty, but not too garlic-laden....all in all, we had a terrific experience and will definitely go back!
5	I cannot say enough great things about this place. Bonus- $5 appetizersfor happy hour.
5	While in Vegas for my first time, I came here with a group of girlfriends.  Our meal was simply spectacular!  The restaurant is inside of the Aria hotel.  The decor is very modern and beautiful.The food was fabulous!  We ordered several appetizers.  My favorites were....-Thai Beef Carpaccio.  Thinly sliced beef topped with huge chunks of lobster!-Diver Scallops and Hudson Valley Foie Gras.  The scallops were cooked perfectly and the foie gras was a treat-Yellowtail Sashimi.  The yellowtail was so fresh, and the combination of flavors were amazingFor my main dish, I ordered the Wild Sturgeon baked in sea salt.  The fish was tender and flavorful and the portions were generous.  I would definitely recommend it.  American Fish is a must try if you are in Vegas!!!
2	DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY!!!  My wife and I had heard about this place and about their happy hour (Revive @ 5) menu.  We decided to give it a try and we have been regretting for a week.We arrived right at 5PM and got seated at a booth by the bar.  Our service (read server) was terrible.  First off they claim the happy hour menu is tapas style and by this they mean two bites of food. We ordered the oysters on the half shell (you only get two small oysters), truffled mac & cheese, and the prime rib sandwich.  Once we realized how small the portions were, we told our server that we would would be having dinner.  She recommended, yellow fin collar as an appetizer (which is not on the menu).  We figured since it was a specialty and was not on the menu it would be out of this world but it was just average.  I ordered a cowboy 18oz ribeye steak and was i disappointed.  I can make better steaks at home.  My wife had the daily shellfish cioppino.  Her face said it all after the first bite.  She gave me the look like this is it, I expected more from a Michael Mina restaurant.  We have enjoyed better cioppino at neighborhood restaurants in the suburbs of Chicago.After spending 2.5 hours and $230 later, I came to a few realizations.  First, our bartender which was 10 feet away obstructed by tables and a bar was more attentive and had more of a conversation with us than our server.  Second, the best dish I had all night was the truffled mac & cheese. Learn from my mistakes and DON'T GO TO AMERICAN FISH @ ARIA!
1	The ambiance is unique and I loved the fact that the kitchen is totally visible, and you can watch the chefs prepare the food. I typically take that as a sign of high quality & pride in the food, or a passion for the culinary aspect.Once seated, the waiter took about 5 minutes to even ask us what we wanted to drink, and DID NOT give us menus for another 5 minutes. We sat for 10 minutes with no water or drinks, and having no chance to even look at a menu to see what we wanted. After the waiter finally came back to the table and gave us the menu, he didn't tell us the specials or even welcome us to the restaurant (a customary thing for any restaurant. Let alone an "upscale" restaurant.) He just wasn't happy about being there, and you could tell. The bread in the bread basket tasted like fish. I'm guessing they used the same grill on both the bread and the fish. Or maybe the smoke from the fish. Not sure, but it definitely tasted slightly fishy. Our appetizers took an additional 20 minutes. The waiter did not apologize, but instead stated he wanted to make sure "they were very hot" when he brought them out to us. (makes no sense to me either).The dinner didn't take long to come out after the appetizers, but all in all, we sat there WAY TOO LONG. I wouldn't mind sitting for a long time, enjoying a nice dinner. But the fact that a majority of it was waiting for our food/drinks/menus was a bit annoying.We ordered -tomato soup (Not good. tasted like the sauce from a spahgettios can)-Steak carpacio (VERY good)-Surf & Turf (the lobster was GOOD. The cod was NOT.)-Salmon (Cheap, pale in color, rubbery, and not crispy at all. dripping in oil, served skin side up with a slimy, flimsy skin that was not cooked well). I get salmon from room service at the Vdara, and it beat the salmon I had at American Fish by a long shot. Also, the salmon at Whole Foods cooked on my grill pan at home blows this salmon out of the water.-The salmon came with prosciutto wrapped asparagus (VERY GOOD..but the sauce it sat on top of was flavorless, heavy, mayo-like consistency) -Brocoli with almond dressing (dripping in oil. nothing special. the almond slivers were good)I was extremely underwhelmed by the service and the food. I have no clue where they get these prices from, but it is not worth it by a long shot. I LOVE going to nice restaurants, and DO NOT mind paying for great food...but American Fish possesses neither of those qualities in my opinion.
4	VERY GOOD! I'll do bullet points to keep this easy1) If you are a local and show your NV license they offer 50% off bottles of wine up to $500 Sunday-Thursday, I will be going back just to try this!2) Decor is awesome and the trees behind the bar are super fun3) The Grilled bread was to *die for* so plain but yet so good4) Ask for a seat close to the kitchen so you can watch them cook5) Tuna Tartar with the little egg on top was extremely tasty6) Oyster appetizer with the Pork Belly is perfect for 3 people to share and have a bite of each. Pork belly was delicious, oyster wasn't my fav; however, I did enjoy the cornmeal crust on it.7) I ordered the Cioppino {I've been dieting and obviously based on my posts eating a lot of seafood}.  It needed more spice in my opinion, as I love spicy things, but there was a plethora of fish in it & the sauce was light and tasty [see pix]8) my GF got the wild sturgeon baked in salt.  Was salty for me [even though they claim in won't be] but was OK. 9) 2 guy friends got the Black Miso Cod. It was very good and came with 3 accompaniments [see pix]10) It was a friend's birthday and we brought our own cake. The chef carved it up, plated it, made some chocolate designs and added ice cream. WAY TO GO OUT OF THE WAY for a nice time. A+SERVICE-our waiter was awesome, on the receipt it says Michael M ? think it means Mina, who knows.
4	Dinner here was the kick start to a week of grazing Las Vegas.This place is both a casual and fine dining location, you will see people in shorts to cocktail dress eating here. So whatever you are wearing, its fine.I was planning on trying the Tasting Menu, but I needed to pace myself for the week of  grazing, so I went with the regular menu.GREAT:* TUNA TARTARE (22): wild arugula, quail egg, pine nuts, castelvetrano olives   - this is the BEST tuna tartare that I have EVER tasted, it was well seasoned and fresh. I had to stop myself from eating the whole thing because we were sharing dishes so we could sample more items.* MUSTARD MARINATED BLACK COD (54)   - was concerned that there was going to be that "Yellow" mustard essence, but NOT. It was delicious, tender and buttery smooth when you ate it.GOOD:* DAILY SELECTION OF OYSTERS (19): half shell with Bloody Mary & Mignonette sauce   - the bloody mary and mignonetter sauce have a nice kick to it   - the oysters were small, but packed with flavor* GRILLED PRAWNS and FILLET MIGNON: the prawns were grilled which gave it a nice smoky flavor. The mignon was tender, but good have used a little more salt.I wanted to try the caviar, but at $350 an ounce I could not roll with the big dogs. I guess I will have to just stay with my Ikura to get my fix.
1	Expensive, loud, abysmal service.  We went in on a Thursday night to celebrate our friends anniversary.  Although pleasant, the servers were slow, and I mean slow, not leisurely.  When our entrees came my plate was apparently delivered to the wrong table or the wrong end of the table, I don't know, but when it was placed in front of me there were 3 1/2 scallops.  You'd think if  someone ate half a scallop on a plate that you gave to the wrong person you would replace the dish. Not so. Nasty!  They did bring two more scallops but who knew where they had been?
4	"Revive at 5": A very intimate place for happy hour, daily from 5-7pm!The decor was beautiful to oggle at while sipping on some delicious cocktails and nibbling on small bar bites. We felt underdressed in some t-shirts and shorts but received great service regardless.Our server was extremely welcoming and informative. Based on her cocktail recommendations, we went with "Blood & Sand" (scotch, cherry brandy, sweet vermouth, orange juice) which was sweet and apparently their strongest drink, and the more refreshingly tart "Dark & Stormy" (rum with ginger beer). $7 each.Bar bites ($5 each) were the size of a square coaster so it was perfect for a very light, pre-dinner snack. Some people will complain about the portion size but this is Vegas.  According to the server, we had chosen the top 3 most popular items:-Oysters on the half-shell: 2 mid-size oysters topped with some flavored/salted ice. It would've been nice to have some extra mignonette sauce to go with it but they were fresh and meaty.-Tuffled Mac & cheese: with mushrooms, this was my favorite dish! So flavorful and a little bit on the salty side. The use of white cheddar instead of yellow made it look and taste fancier.-Lobster roll: lobster meat was pretty flavorful but I feel like this was the most lacking out of all the bites. It was really just a 1-person/1-bite portion and for $5, not worth it.A very nice, romantic place, 3.5 stars. Will have to come back for a taste of their dinner menu and another round of drinks.
2	This restaurant gets TWO stars instead of ZERO for two reasons. 1) Our server was great at guest recovery and 2) the food was actually VERY good. Here's the problem(s):  never upon checking in, or at anytime throughout our meal, did anyone acknowledge our anniversary though it was written on our Opentable reservation. Our food took over an hour and ten minutes to arrive at our table after our initial appetizer...apparently the kitchen "lost" our ticket. The manager never introduced himself although a gentleman in a suit did come by the table, mumble an apology for the food delay and tell us he would come by later to make sure we had everything we needed. He never reappeared accept to question the server about why she thought he should adjust our check (this is total suspicion on my part...I was reading lips). My spouse is a chef. I am a school administrator. We are familiar with systems organization and producing product through the use of human labor. Mistakes happen. Humility goes a LONG way. There was none of this from the staff at this restaurant. A very disappointing anniversary experience considering the caliber of the restaurant and the celebrity name attached to it. As a foodie who researched the location and was excited about a new dining adventure at American Fish,  I expected much, much more.
3	Happy Hour goes from 5pm-7pm. The size of the portions for their tapas are tiny. Most of them are a few bites at most and it is going to take 5 or six of them to satisfy anything besides peckish. With that being said, the dishes are good, but nothing spectacular. AF is known for their shrimp and grits. Two shrimp comes on a bed of creamy grits. It was delicious. Between our group of six, we got one order of that, two tuna tartars, two crab cakes, one order of oysters, one prime rib open faced sandwich, one lobster roll, two truffle mac'n'cheese, a fish and chips, and their cheesecake. With a few drinks, we each paid $25 with tip included and it was a fun way to start our night.
4	Very good. Have been to many Mina establishments, and this ranks at the top. Mina truly has a special way with seafood. The room is warm with leather chairs, soft light and a great view of a stadium like kitchen, the flames from the grill provide additional light to the room. H ordered seared sea scallops, and I had black cod that just melted in my mouth. To start we shared Pacific oysters (a type I hadnt heard of, strangely). Three of the six came with a bloody Mary granita, the other three with a miso marinade. We loved them so much we caved on another 6. Service was impeccable. I left off a star because I found the room a bit staid. I prefer a little bustle in my dining experience. But the food is among the best I have had in Vegas. Thank you, MM. And many thanks to our patient and professional server.
3	I love Michael Mina's restaurants but this was didn't live up to my expectations. Some of my favorite meals have been in his restaurants and I was hopeful when we walked in. The environment is nice, the bar is beautiful and it's fun to watch the kitchen. However, the first strike was we were a couple and they put us in a booth. The table was so wide that my wife felt removed from me -- it broke the intimacy and made holding a conversation more difficult.It took a long time for the sommelier to find our wine and their computer system and their stock were out of sync. We finally had to settle on another wine which the sommelier recommended and we were very happy with the choice.Our first courses were disappointing. They have several dishes cooked in salt and while these were not salt dished (e.g. raw oysters), they food tasted overly salty -- to the point it was hard to enjoy the various flavors. When I finally ordered a dish that had been cooked in salt, is did not taste salty at all, which is what I had expected so I was pleased.It's been just over a week since I ate there and the fact that I can barely remember what I ordered tells me how under-whelmed I was. I still remember meals I've had at his restaurant in SF and the Bellagio.
3	Went with a group of 8 Sunday night.  We arrived early and were seated immediately.  Very nice wait staff.  Limited menu and VERY expensive.  I was not really impressed with my meal, it was almost cold,very small serving.  The biggest issue was their multiple errors on our bill.  Folks were charged for multiple meals,wrong cards were charged. It took a half an hour to correct them and then there was still one error.  At no time were they offered any kind of compensation.  A discount on another meal, free dessert, something would have been nice.I have eaten at Michael Mina at the Bellagio and everything was awesome.....
4	Awesome place tucked inside the Aria. The 'Blood and Sand' drink (strange name for a seafood restaurant dont ya think?) was very well balanced. For being a cherry brandy based cocktail it was paired with other aromatics that greatly enhanced it's tastes. Quite nice in my opinion. Could drink a bucket of it if it were priced just right.The lobster roll off the happy hour menu wasnt too bad, kinda like a lobster salad it had nice notes of citrus but wasn't lobstery. The baby cilantro was a very nice touch.I opted for the shrimp grits. Wanted to try something different. The prawns werent the freshest and one of them was over seasoned and REALLY salty but the star of this dish is that fried thin almost cracker like slice of pork...wow just...WOW that was an AMAZING slice of pork. Not sure when happy hour starts but it ends at 7pm. Great place to grab a quick tasty snack or a quick drink. I'd eat if it it were more afforadble for me but what ever a happy hour is good enough.
4	Being the food junkie that I am, I selected one spot for our group of friends to dine at before our reunion reception.  I've always read good reviews about American Fish on the food boards, so I figured why not?  The kind of cool thing about it too is that they have a great Happy Hour and Lounge menu which fit the bill for our group.  My one disappointment I have with this restaurant was that when I called to inquire about the lounge area, I specifically asked if we could reserve a certain area that would've been perfect for our group of 10.  I was told that we couldn't reserve an area in the lounge and that it was first come first serve.  No biggie.  When we rolled up right at opening time (5:00pm), we asked to be seated in the area right near the hostess stand.   It was a u shaped area that would've perfectly seated our group of 10 comfortably.  But, the hostess said that area was reserved for a party.  Oh well great, that sucks. They sat us in 2 separate booths next to each other, but they were a little tight and one group couldn't talk to the other since they were side by side.  Kind of a bummer, but oh well.  Moving forward, the rest of the meal was great.  The service was prompt and courteous.  Not to mention the Happy Hour Lounge menu is a tremendous value......$5 plates!   We tried everything on the menu and they were all great.  I'm not a big fan of raw fish, but my friends loved the texture of the sushi rice cake and tuna tartare.  Everybody loved the richness of the Mac & cheese, especially because it had just the right amount of truffle essence.  The fish and chips were amazingly light and not greasy and the tartar sauce was fresh and clean.   The maine lobster roll was also a bit hit.  Lots of lobster and super fresh.  On a whim, I did try the Heirloom tomato soup with the Lobster grilled cheese.  It was good, but the grilled cheese was a bit greasy and I just wish the soup had a touch of cream or something to give it a little more body.  All in all, it was a great value for good food and a good time.
4	My family and I had dinner here tonight before watching Zarkana.  First off, the grilled bread and corn muffins are great...I had to stop myself from eating everything in the bread basket.  Although I was in the mood for steak, we ordered the fried oysters and BBQ pork belly, daily shellfish, trout, branzino, truffled mac and cheese, and malt vinegar French fries.  It is called American Fish after all, not American Steak!I definitely enjoyed the truffled mac and cheese and my branzino.  The fish was properly seasoned.  The fries were ok.  We had the Chef's dessert tasting: white chocolate pudding, devil's food cake, Valrhona chocolate custard and creme panna cotta - all that for only $20!  My favorite out of the 4 is the chocolate custard.  It's chocolate custard topped with red velvet cake, pecans and cocoa nib ice cream...yuuuuummmm...Our server was pretty attentive.  Our reservation was at 5pm since the show was at 7...we got done with dinner (bread basket, appetizers, entree and dessert) at 6:50pm. Timing was just perfect.
5	This was our second visit to American Fish and it was just as good as the first time. Started with the tuna tartar and the scallops with foie gras. The tuna was great - but the scallops and foie gras was spectacular! They were served with blue corn cakes and a syrup that was so delicious. Both my husband and i had the black cod - it is the best fish dish we have ever tasted. So tender and delicate, with a hint of smokiness from the grilling. Service is top notch. This is definitely one of our favorite Vegas spots.
2	This place is OK. the food choices is not what i thought it would be the bread is very good. i sat at the bar my waitress was a little ditzy, forgot almost everything me and my partner asked for. it was an OKAY busy night so understandable but when we even asked for menus it took about 32 mins.  but i had the pouched salmon and it was no too good the company was good and as well as the drinks. other than that i would never go again.
5	Loved, Loved,Loved this place- we did go for Happy Hour and sit at the bar, but everything about it was great. The decor, the service and oh my god the food was outstanding, we plowed thru the Happy Hour menu- it is small tapas style plates but a couple is perfect. Of the 6 we tried the stand outs were the shrimp and grits, the truffle mac and cheese, the tuna melt( who knew)and the prime rib sandwich-don't get me wrong, the lobster roll ,crab cake and ahi were great, the others were just awesome.(we actually ordered a 2nd of the mac and the tuna melt they were so good) We also has the ceaser (something healthy right) which for a salad was pretty terrific too. I cant wait to go back when I get to Vegas!
5	This review is for both the dinner service and lounge. Both experiences were sublime. I've been to all the Michael Mina restaurants in town and I can say with near certainty that this is my favorite. When we went to dinner I tried a little bit of everything. I myself ordered the sea-crusted branzino which was by far the best dish I tried that night. A friend ordered the prawns which were really good, the hubby ordered salmon and two people at the table shared a mixed shellfish plate. Everything was really, really good. All of MM's restaurants have tremendous cocktail programs and American fish is no exception. They have an incredible cocktail menu, more than four pages long. Usually Iam wary of a place that offers so many cocktails because I am afraid that time and care has not gone into thinking of the cocktails. Not here though, everything is delish. This is where I first tried the bee's knees, a crafty little cocktail with lime, honey and gin. It is pricey, but it is well worth it. I have also been in the lounge area for their delectable happy hour. I concur with the Yelpers that state the portions are small. But I mean, that's what bar food at fine dining establishments is. And the quality can't be beat. Durng the happy hour, eachplate is $5 dollars. I mean, even tapas at Firefly aren't that cheap. I've tried everything on their lounge menu, mac and cheese, fish and chips, lobster roll, etc. and it is all delish. You also get to choose from a limited selection of their cocktails for $7 dollars. I heart Michael Mina. I met him at the Vegas Uncorked food truck event and took like ten pictures with him.
5	A great place to get the perfect drink from the best of Michael Mina's bartenders.  Matt & Christian will take excellent care of you.  The shrimp & grits were delicious - along with the malt vinegar fries. Try them both for sure.The decor is undeniably amazing. A must "go to" at the Aria.
5	Excellent meal and great service. Diver scallops were the best I ever had. Black cod was good, but a little pricey.
3	Went for happy hour and had the shrimp and grits(which were cold) and the fish and chips.  Don't bother with the fish and chips.  All food items were $5.00, still not worth it.
4	I had the best fish I've ever had here. I appreciated the modern atmosphere and especially loved the 180 degree view of the kitchen. You could see them firing up your food on the grill, which was really enjoyable to watch. The service was attentive, but not overbearing. Overall, it was a wonderful meal and I had a great time. Shrimp and grits -- unbelievably flavorful shrimp, paired with perfectly cooked gritsShabu wagyu and abalone -- a disappointment, do not order. Extremely small portions and nothing particularly impressive.Chilled shellfish platter -- beautiful, delicious, well-portioned and freshMustard Marinated Black Cod -- MUST ORDER. It is the silkiest, most flavorful fish I've ever eaten. The fish is grilled with a slightly sweet glaze. Amazing.Horseradish Whipped Potatoes -- It is now my favorite way to eat mashed potatoes. The horseradish is a nice twist that gives boring old potatoes a zing.Wild Sturgeon baked in sea salt -- ok, but it was pretty tough and I won't be ordering it again.
1	Came here for new years dinner.  Got horrendously sick (food poisoning) from the food.  Besides, the food poisoning, the quality of the food is lacking.   Here's my summary:1) Over priced and bad value2) Over use of heavy cream, butter, and other ingredients to mask the quality of the food instead of enhancing it.  3) The food poisoning
1	Food was amazing until my brother got sick.  Called them about it since he started throwing up heavily 40 min after we left the restaurant.  I called them and they said they would call me back. They never did  I am a big fan of Michele Mina restaurants, have been to all of them numerous times.  This was my first time at American fish.  Although the food tastes good, it's not worth ruining your Vegas trip over it!
1	I would try to stay away from this Michael Pena restaurant. Was there on new year eve dinner with wife and friends. One of the worst experience I had in supposedly a top notch restaurant. 1. Extremely a bad  and slow service. 2. Poor selections of prearranged menu.3. Questionable freshness of oyster. 4. Overpriced meal which I could have gotten in NYC third of the cost. We will not return to this restaurant or any of M. Pena's restaurants again!
3	3.5 stars.This is the third Michael Mina restaurant that I have been to in Las Vegas.  I wasn't a fan of "Michael Mina" in the Bellagio, but absolutely loved "Stripsteak" in Mandalay Bay.  I was hoping and praying that American Fish was more like the latter experience.  However, it was just OK.  It was good,  but nothing really made me "Mmmmmm". I came with my husband and my in-laws and we started with the HEIRLOOM TOMATO SOUP and the Lobster-Grilled Cheese Sandwich. I remember enjoying it at the time, but i can't remember much about it now. My mother in law ordered a half dozen raw oysters, and said that they were extremely fresh and the garnish perfectly enhanced the ocean flavors.  We then each chose a dish from the four different cooking methods: salt baked, wood grilled, cast iron griddle, and ocean water poached.  The wood grilled MUSTARD MARINATED BLACK COD  was very well prepared and quite tasty, but again, it wasn't that memorable.  Everyone else seemed to also enjoy their dishes, but when I just now, asked my husband what we ordered, he could not remember.  Perhaps we should have ordered a steak or the prime rib instead.  We enjoy eating fish but can't tell the difference between a high end restaurant and Red Lobster.  But when it comes to beef- our palates are much more refined.  For dessert we shared the Chef's Dessert Tasting which came with 4 different items.  And I am glad we shared it because we were able to try a bite of everything.  And it was the perfect way to end an "A-Ok and half" meal.  I am glad I tried American Fish, but I doubt that I will return.  I will stick to Chef Mina's Stripsteak!
3	The menu was developed in a creative and fun - yet sometimes unappetizing - way. There are several ways of preparing your dish (poached, griddled in cast iron, baked in sea salt, roasted over wood) and each preparation method has a set of accompaniments. There are three types of food (you pick one) in each preparation style. This is a really neat idea, and I enjoyed how easy it was to quickly eliminate a whole bunch of choices (eg: if you don't like a particular accompaniment or preparation method, you just eliminated 1/4 of the menu options), but several people in my party wanted a specific entree and didn't like the preparation method or side it came with. Overall a fun concept but perhaps not fit for foodies.Also there was a great happy hour appetizer list and long beer list our waitress didn't offer until it was too late in the meal to order from it.All of that being said, my Griddled Diver Scallops were spectacular!!!
5	This was my second time to dine at American Fish.  Both have been business dinners with 8+ people at the table.  We always go to the bar for a few rounds before dinner and I have yet to be disappointed by the drinks.  The Dark and Stormy is fantastic and is very hard to find around Texas.  It's a dark rum mixed with ginger beer.  Very interesting and very good!  As we migrate to the table from the bar you really take in the ambiance and decor.  The ceiling is made of metal cutouts that resemble sting ray and there is a nice blue glow coming from being them.  The kitchen has a massing glass wall that divides it from the dining area.  Very cool to watch the chef's do their thing.  There is a grill right next to the window that constantly has a 2-3 foot flame flying out of it.  Started with oysters, the small New England variety.  Delish!  For dinner I got the Wild Sturgeon.  It was baked in sea salt flown in from Hawaii and served with asparagus.  The fish was perfect.  Not too soft, yet still very tender.  Tremendous flavor.  We got the truffled mac and cheese and the horseradish whipped potatoes for sides.  Both we awesome.  The potatoes will catch you off guard though if you weren't expecting the little kick.  Will be back time and time again!
4	Neat place at the Aria with a creatively structured menu, which divides dishes into separate preparation methods (salt-baked, etc.). They also have a great bar menu with specials and a build-your-own sampler platter (1 choice for $8, 2 for $15, 3 for $22, and so on). Every dish seems to have a little twist so it's not quite like anything you've had before. I've found the staff to be a bit aloof on my two visits, but still efficient. The bar has a neat woodsy scene as a backdrop and the creative menu makes it work trekking up to the second floor promenade in Aria.
3	The food was good, but nothing over the top, I am not sure it was worth the price of entry.  With all the great restaurants in Vegas, not sure I'll be back.
5	We have the most fun sitting at the bar for Happy Hour. Cocktails are the best you'll find on the strip and especially when your drinks are made by Christian and Eric-they know how to properly shake a cocktail. Appetizers are a perfect taste of delicious flavors-shrimp 'n grits, freshest oysters and fish 'n chips-the fish is so light.
4	The food was excellent, the staff were pleasant, and the decor is attractive. Good cocktail menu, and they do a proper Old Fashioned (more towards the "old old" fashioned).The main dislike that I had was that it was more family feeling than I was lead to believe, and it has the huge well lit feeling of a PF Changs - which gives it a chain feeling.
1	I like the ambiance. That's it. Our waiter was a rude jerk, especially to those who only ordered the sides ( gee, greedy for a big tip? I tip on the service, not the amount of the bill). Truffle Mac and cheese had way too much truffle. EhhhhhCod was slimy. Yuck. $54Salad was lettuce and dressing. Plain $14
4	At at the bar during happy hour one evening in Jan.  Loved everything we had.  Matt is a rocking bartender and you MUST ask him to make you a jalapeno margarita.  Loved everything about this place.  Great way to sort of disconnect from "Vegas" for an hour or two.  Highly recommend.
4	Nice fish house on the second level of the Aria casino.  Service was excellent and everyone enjoyed their meal.  I had checked out the menu online before arriving and was looking forward to the halibut.  No halibut on the menu when I arrived.  They should really keep their online menu consistent with the one in the restaurant.  Settled on the free range chicken since no other fish caught my eye but then again I really only like milder white fish such as halibut.  Corn bread muffins!  Holy mackerel, I alone went though half a dozen of these.  Those things are amazing!  One warning, if they seat you next to the kitchen window near the fires you're going to be hot.  My back was a bit toasty...not so much that it made me want to leave the corn bread behind though.
5	The kind of happy hour to write home about. Hight quality -  beckoning us to come back for a full meal. Real artisanal cocktails. Shrimp and grits, lobster, and duck salad oh my!
5	Sea bass, salad and cocktails.  Perfect!
4	Had a wonderful dinner here- all fish (I think I had a combo platter) was seasoned and cooked perfectly; the sides were also delicious.  It is pricey, but it was worth it to get away from the hubbub of the strip.  The waitstaff can get a little too "over-talky" when it comes to explanations, but they are also very conscientious and attentive.
3	It hurts to give American Fish 3 stars, but I was really disappointed. This was my second time here, my first time I came just for happy hour, and I didn't think it was anything great like a lot of people have raved about. They were really small portions, and only 4 specialty cocktails to choose from and 2 wines. I had been wanting to come back here for dinner, in particular I had wanted to try the branzino. The ambiance is nice, it's dark and trendy, I liked the trees behind the glass at the bar, and I love the open kitchen. Right away I noticed the menu was different from what I say online, the waiter explained that they had recently changed executive chefs along with a menu change. He asked me if I was looking for something specific, I told him branzino so he suggested that I try the Zarkana Pre Theater Menu, as the sea bass that night was branzino. So I took his advice and did exactly that. The bread basket comes with these amazing cornbread muffins that reminded me of good ole Kenny Rogers Roasters, (remember those). My first course I chose the Shrimp & Grits (has jalepeno and serrano ham in it) this was really good, great flavor. My entree I chose the Salt Baked Sea Bass, this was good but it wasn't great. I wasn't wowed my any means. My dessert I had the Mascarpone Cheescake, this was delicious I also had a bite of my friends Valrhona Chocolate Custard, this was pretty amazing as well. The pre theatre menu is $49 and you can do a wine pairing for an extra $24. Service was fine, no complaints. I don't know, I just wasn't that impressed, and I love Michael Mina. I can't wait until Pub 1842 opens, it's replacing Seablue. Hopefully it will be more memorable.
5	Came here with a girl friend of mine and we both had a great time. We came for their happy hours which is every day between 5pm to 7pm. They serve appetizer size dish as well as specials on drinks. We tried their tuna tartar and fish tostadas. Both of them are delicious! if I have to choose one i will say Fish Tostadas is a must try! It is fresh and crispy I want to eat more as I am writing this review now! lol The decor of the restaurant is beautiful. Unlike Jean George and Sage in Aria, American Fish gives me more of a relaxed and outdoor feeling, even though the dress code is still business casual it is definitely more towards the casual side of dining experience. I specially like the glass/wall forest decor at the bar which make you feel like you are drinking in the woods. How amazing is that! And the open kitchen is fun to look at too! I will give a 7-star service if I can. Our server knows what she is doing and she even gave a little history behind each dish. The chef himself came out from the back and personally asked us if the food was ok. Ok? He must be kidding, the food is amazing! American Fish officially becomes my favorite restaurant in Aria. I heard that the lobster pot pie is their signature dish but didn't try it while we were there. Would come back for that next time!
4	A great little gem hidden at the Aria.  Five dollar appetizers and two-bucks-a-shuck for the most creamy, delectable oysters I've had in awhile.  $12 for a half dozen is one of the best deals in town.  Portions for the rest of the appetizers are small, but hey it's Michael Mina, so at least you can be assured they're prepared following the recipes and standards of a world class chef.  Beers were just $4; with a small selection of wines at $7.  My buddy and I had an assortment of appetizers but loved the mac n cheese and oysters.  Well worth it.  The only turn-off was the verbal beating our server received from the less than subtle manager after the server double-charged a customer sitting next to us; otherwise this would have been a 5-star review.
3	I actually almost forgot that my boyfriend and I ate here, which is probably not the best sign.  This review is strictly for the lounge area, though.  After seeing a show at the MGM, we walked back over to Aria for a drink and a quick bite.  It was late, and neither the restaurant nor the bar area were crowded.  As we weren't starving, we decided on the "pick four" from the kitchen on the lounge menu.  We tried the New England lobster roll, smoked salmon, truffled macaroni and cheese, and fish tostadas.  They were all pretty good, no doubt, but the bites were tiny.  I mean, tiny.  Maybe we underestimated how hungry we were, but I was a little disappointed.The bartender was very pleasant.  The cocktail list didn't really cater to me (tequila drinker), but once I told him what I liked he chose something off the list and made it (the Diablo, I think?).  It wasn't the best drink I've ever had, but it was pretty good.  I wish he had used more creative license and crafted a drink of his own using the flavors I mentioned, but that's okay too.  I can't expect everyone to color outside of the lines!I'm not sure if we would come back here as everything was just okay.  Nothing was negative, but there are just too many outstanding places in Las Vegas to dine to go somewhere "okay."
5	A very good restaurant in Aria.  Fish dishes are great.  Oysters are fresh and good.  I also like their salads a lot.  Had the BLT salad and Cesar Salad and both are not the same as other restaurant.
2	So disappointed!  Every time I'm in Vegas I try to make it to American Fish for their happy hour.  Great environment, great drinks, and great food.  That is, until they messed around with their bar food menu.The bar food menu used to have hands down the best fish and chips in the world.  No lie.  The fish and chips were beautifully battered, very light and fluffy, and nicely seasoned.  Well, that's gone.Among other items that were gone were tuna tatare and shrimp and grits.  Both delicious and beautifully done.Now the menu has been changed, with boring and uninspired items such as "new england lobster roll" which tastes like shredded imitation crab meat on top of a piece of toast.  And tomato soup is not necessarily something I want to have at happy hour.The smoked salmon croquettes were good but tiny.  Not worth the money.Their happy hour was usually a great value, and trust me, we make up for the value in drinks.  Very disappointed in their new bar food menu.  I will be searching for a new happy hour place to go to from now on.
2	How can a Michael Mina restaurant be so bad? Wow- what a disappointment. I normally love Michael Mina ans was excited to eat here. I left feeling so sad and sick.I went with a group of four and this was what we ordered:Apps: OYSTERS ROCKEFELLER, MARYLAND BLUE CRAB CAKE- The apps were fine. No complaints on these.Soup/Salad:  OCTOPUS LOMI-LOMI, MICHAEL'S TOMATO SOUP, SHRIMP GUMBO, FIELD GREENS- Just average, the tomato soup was pretty good.Entree: 2 ALASKAN HALIBUT, MAINE LOBSTER POT PIE, PHYLLO-CRUSTED SOLE "FISH & CHIPS". This is where it all started. Both Halibut dinners had to be sent back due to the halibut being mushy. Halibut is a very firm fish and is in no way mushy. The Fish & Chips dough was raw inside and also had to be sent back. The only thing that was good was the Pot Pie, and it should be because Michael Mina is famous for that. We did not have the returned items replaced because we were so disgusted.We just got the check and left. The management was not very friendly and almost snooty. What an embarrassment to Michael Mina restaurants. we will never return.
4	Located in the Aria Casino Resort, American Fish is a great place to have a not-to-formal meal. While walking through the resort and exploring, I came across American fish and saw that they had happy hour pricing for appetizers and cocktails and decided to come back and try it between 5-7pm. My perfect date, my sister and I checked out both the menus for here and Sirio across the way and decided on staying and found ourselves a nice spot at the bar. The girls got vodka collins to drink and I opted for the diablo- a tequila drink. Not my usual but it was my birthday so branched out a little. The girls said that the drinks were good but that they were very tart- my sister went so far as to add water to hers to tone it down. For the apps we chose a little of this and a little of that- What stood out was the lobster rolls- very tasty and all of the apps were good as well. The service behind the bar was excellent- the bartenders were fun and quick with service. With so many great restaurants in town, it's hard to say that one really stands out, but American Fish was solid and we would definitely come back again.
2	Wish I had read some of these reviews before eating here ....I don't usually write negative reviews.  Also, I usually say that it's hard to find a bad meal in Las Vegas.  But then there is American Fish ...Why pile on?  Nela D., below, has it just right.  Skip it.  The place is expensive.  Some of the food is very good but some of it isn't.  One dish that got pushed on us by the brassy (pushy) waiter was under-cooked and borderline inedible.  At Denny's, if two of the plates are good and one is under-cooked and borderline inedible, well, that's life in the big city.  I'm still happy.  But at these prices?  Too over-blown, too spotty.  Throw a dart at a dart board:  You'll hit a better place for the money.
2	I had high hopes for American Fish. I love Michael Mina's restaurants and have never had a bad meal at one. The restaurant is really nice and great menu options but that's where our experience stopped. Arrived for our reservations, seated promptly with plenty of empty tables around the place. Waited to see our waiter and to receive our menus. Waiter did not go into detail of the menu as I had listened to him explain to the table behind us in detail. I was looking forward to the Lobster Pot Pie that evening as I have had before at Bourbon Steak but our service was horrible. Waiting again to see our waiter to take our order and our bread, we walked out. You must have great service to go along with great food otherwise it ruins the experience. Maybe we will try again in the future and hope we will not have the same waiter. I honestly think the waiter snubbed us for dressing casual but its Vegas and definitely can never judge a book by its cover.
5	I am really surprised by the ratings of this place.  I think its a good five.I decided to make reservations for two for the fourth of July. I had glanced over the menu and thought I would order this, I would order that.  After two appetizers, a salad, the main course, two sides, and two desserts - I knew I had made a great choice.  I could have left this place rolling out.Good recommendations:- The ahi tuna tartare - is a must.  (table side) do not miss out.- The kale Caesar salad - great.  If you like Caesar, this one is made with kale, white anchovies and the dressing is super tasty.- The mac and cheese - awesome, so you may have had mac and cheese before, but not like this.- The valhrona chocolate mousse with red velvet bites - TO DIE FOR!- The blueberry pie, (special on 4th of July) more please! I have never seen so many blueberries in a pie, and the crust... mmmmm.you wont be disappointed.
1	What a huge let down!  Mediocre food and abysmal service! Many better choices on the Strip. Don't waste your money at American Fish.Our service was slow and impersonal both tables on each side of us had guests literally get up and LEAVE for lack of service. Our server was polite and professional but failed to follow through on small requests.The food is pretty but small servings and VERY salty as in we woke up during the night super thirsty. The salt overpowered the potentially delicate tastes of the special ingredients. Our table had crab cake apps, salads, salmon, fllet, grilled sea bass and deserts.  All were small and way overpriced. That and the lack-luster service made for a disappointing experience.  Too bad!
3	Very averageNot worth the moneyPluses: tomato soup was outstandingMinus: rest of food average, not quite worth the moneyIt's Las Vegas, there are much better places to eat for the money.
5	Disclaimer: We did not eat dinner here; we just went for happy hour because they had 7 dollar cocktails and 5 dollar appetizers (I think that was the deal).  However, we were very impressed with the bar service, the drinks, and the appetizers.  We had lobster roll, truffle mac and cheese, and grilled calamari with chorizo.  All very very good.  We think we'll give this spot a try for dinner next time we're in Vegas!
5	Our first time eating here and the whole experience was a treat!!!We had the chef's tasting menus and I had a wine paring along with mine.  Wonderful food and our server, Valentino, was excellent!!!  I would highly recommend this restaurant and will happily be going there again!
1	The service and ambiance are impeccable, and the drinks were stiff. Although my girlfriend said her cocktail tasted like Pinesol, my Old Fashioned was more straight Makers than crafted cocktail, and for how much it cost, I was cool with that.The bad... the food!  How can you charge this much for such average and sub-par seafood?  Can't speak for the rest of the menu, but this was our experience.Our lobster roll appetizer was some kind of room temp lobster salad - good, but not impressive or exceptional in any way.My girlfriend ordered the lobster mac and grilled cheese with tomato and soup.  The soup was bland and disappointing and the tiny grilled cheese was stuffed with seemingly the same lobster salad as the appetizer?  As for my plate - the bacon wrapped rainbow trout with white beans mixed with short rib.  Beans were essentially tasteless and the 2 bites of short rib were chewy and overcooked.  But worst of all - the aforementioned rainbow trout made me sicker than I've ever been, including both in the US and abroad. Spare you the details, but save your money and pay for an decent meal in Vegas - not the vibe.Of all the restaurants to choose in Aria and the surrounding area, PLEASE go somewhere, anywhere else.
2	I don't truly think of this restaurant as a two star establishment as the food in general really was mostly very good but too many things went wrong. I had an excellent experience a few years back at the Chef's other restaurant Nob Hill but Nob Hill is gone now so I thought I'd try American Fish.One of the things that went wrong was the oil I received with the delicious breads. The oil had a garlic slice that was baked onto the plate so I know it has been threw the dish washer at least once because of how hard it was baked on. We brought this to the attention of our server and he gave us a proper oil with a fresh garlic slice that floated and butter.Both starters were delicious. I had a Ceaser Salad that was made with Kale. The Kale didn't appear to be massaged but was still easy to eat with the tasty dressing and cheese. They added two breaded fish called smelt fries that were a very tasty treat. My husband had the shrimp and grits and he said it was very good. I enjoyed my salad but I do note the sign outside said it was made with Romaine and not Kale.We receive our dinners and I notice right away it didn't match the description of the menu I was given inside the restaurant. At this time I didn't realize the menu outside differed from the menu the inside was using because they were VERY SIMILAR MENUS. And then THE BIG ONE HAPPENS my husband pulls a wrinkled piece of PLASTIC WRAP FROM HIS MEAL. So we have to tell the server our meal doesn't match the inside menu and we found plastic wrap in the food. So we eat at this point and honestly my fish had a nice wood smoked taste to it but it was slightly overdone but not enough to complain. My husband said his was very dry on one side but better on the other side. He tasted mine and said mine was better than his. For me I thought the roasted smoked were too smokey but they might be great for most people as I only like mild smoke flavors. The inside menu said that I would be getting Corvina with some sort of English peas but clearly I got smoked vegetables and possibly Sea Bass since the outside sign said sea bass. The manager stopped by and apologized about the plastic wrap. He said the fish there isn't wrapped in plastic and he just didn't know how that happened. He offered  my husband another plate of food. My husband declined as he was nearly done.We received two desserts that came with our meals. Both were delicious and I would recommend either. But since I now know the inside menus differed from the outside menu I can't say for sure what they really were. I don't know if the management didn't change the outside menu to the correct day or if the server just handed me the wrong menu.When the bill came we were told the manager took off our cocktails.It's a shame a very nice concept of a restaurant with good recipes.I would have given 3.5 stars if all went well but based the 3.5 on the preparation of the fish.
4	At there with family on impulse walking through the casino in Aria. It was great service, great food, and not pretentious at all for such a quality place.
5	Amazing food and great service. The bartenders Christian and Matt made us great drinks and had a great smiles.
3	Pretty split on this place. On the one hand, they have a bar that turns out spectacular (truly) craft cocktails. Really impressed with this, in fact. On the other hand the food was a bit odd and consistently under seasoned.  The tuna tartare simply lacked salt but seemed pretty competent otherwise. The salt crust-baked snapper was just OK. Again lacked seasoning; skin was left on so it wasn't crispy (weird choice). Well developed flavors, but not worth $44. Oysters were excellent. And again - the drinks were spectacular.  A truly great cocktail program with perfect execution. I wish they offered an expanded appetizer menu to go with the drinks...
5	This is an upscale seafood restaurant in an upscale hotel (The Aria).  It is located on the Promenade Level along with two other restaurants in a cul de sac, like a classy mini food court.  They share a comfortable waiting area.  The hotel's requisite buffet restaurant (with a long line) is located a short ways down the hall.We had dinner here at 6:45 on an August Tuesday.  When we walked in the restaurant was about 85% full and the ambiance was noisier than I expected.  I noticed the hardwood floors throughout, wood tables (no tablecloths) and hard walls, all of which probably contributed to the noise level of the dining area.  Perhaps the designers wanted an "energetic" ambiance; I prefer a quieter experience when dining at an upscale restaurant.  Conversation was a bit difficult across the table with the ambient noise, but the decor was pleasant.  It got quieter when diners finished their meals and left.The kitchen is behind a wall of glass, so you can see the chefs preparing your meal and managing the open-flame grills.  I liked this, though I didn't go up to watch them.  The servers offer you an iPad with a list of the various wines and cocktails they have; you touch a wine name or the photo of a cocktail to get more details about the wine or ingredients of the mixed drink.  My wife and I had different fish entres; she picked a pre fixe dinner from the special Restaurant Week menu that was in effect, and I chose an equivalent from the Dinner and a Show menu ("early diner") for those going to the Cirque du Soleil show in the hotel.  We enjoyed our dinners immensely, including the desserts, which were artistically presented.  I don't think you can go wrong with anything American Fish offers; the presentation and tastes are excellent.I was especially impressed with the service by the wait staff.  As a former server, I noticed the little details that they did during their work routines that indicated they were well trained and conscientious about their jobs.  Big pats on the back for everyone who works in this restaurant!  They were quick, quiet, efficient, and informative.I thought the prices were just a bit on the high side, but given the quality of the food and service, perhaps they are justified.  Overall 5 stars.Ratings:Service: 5 Food Presentation: 5 Food Taste:  5 Ambiance: 4 Advice:  Order anything, you'll like it.  Get dessert!
4	This was my first Michael Mina experience. I was a little sketpical at frist seeing that even a fish entree was over $40. The restaurant is inside the Aria, just past the buffet but before Jean Georges. It's a smaller place with wood planeling and an exposed kitchen which was neat to watch.I was there the last week of August which happened to be restuarant week. I normally steer clear of restuarant week menus but there were so many tasty things to choose from I couldn't have picked just one off the regular menu. For $90 I definitely got my fill and I did the extra $45 for wine pairing.Very tasty. Some of my favorites were the tuna tartare, the mustard baked cod (literally melted in my mouth!), a steak dish and on and on. Yummy. My friend got the bacon wrapped trout which she loved. Not to be outdone, we also got the truffle mac and cheese which was surprisingly good and I'm not a mac and cheese fan.Our server, Shannon, took good care of us and the sommelier was very friendly and helpful. This place is $$$$. The lobster pot pie looked amazing (although that copper pot is about 1/3 full at best) and was $85 the night we were there, but probably wouldn't have filled me up. You're partially paying for the location inside Aria, but I thought this was a special meal all the way around.
5	Good food, amazing service.  We even got to tour the kitchen.
5	Had a amazing dining experience.It was my wife's birthday and I wanted to takeher some where special.For appetizers we indulged on the scallop and foie gras with the charred blackberry butter-Pure decadence at its best!!.For entrees we shared the lobster pot pie with brandied truffle cream and the mustard marinated black cod.The pie was carved table side which was a nice touch.Service was friendly and attentive and the server was very knowledgeable and passionate.I can't wait to go back.
3	*** This review is based on HAPPY HOUR ***Be warned: If you come here for their happy hour and plan on being satisfied with just two plates (or even three) you will be sorely disappointed. The drinks specials are better than the food, but even then, they're a bit steep if you're coming for cocktails ($7) and they are very limited as there were only three specialty cocktails on the menu when I went last night.My friends and I visited on a Tuesday night, right at 5 PM. That is the time HH starts and the time American Fish opens. You may have a tough time finding the restaurant as it is on the second level of Aria, by the Zarkana theaters. I simply asked for directions after getting lost once. I don't like wandering casino floors anymore, reminds me of when I used to get drunk at clubs.The space is awesome, one of the best concepts for a restaurant I've ever seen. Behind the bar is beautiful mural of trees, over the dining area is a gorgeous blue ceiling. The vibe is kind of loud, but not loud enough that it is annoying at the bar area. As for food, we dined on the HH specials, which at least, the bartender did warn us would be small. Boy was he right. I got the following:Lobster Roll: You get two, very tiny bite-sized lobster crackers. Except it's not crackers, they are actually rectangles of bread. Although the lobster was delicious, it was teeny.Fries: I shared my friend's. This is probably the best bang for your buck on the HH menu, but honestly paying $5 for fries is way too much anyway. Beef Tartare: I'd never had beef tartare before, so I figured why not try it? It comes out in a bowl, with the beef sliced into the tiniest of squares, comes with a bready crouton. I enjoyed it.King Crab Louie: I was still hungry after all that so I ordered what is basically a refined deviled egg. You get two, the crab concoction is stuffed inside the egg and it is deviled, plain and simple, yet I'm glad I got this dish because I loved it. I plan to recreate it sometime on my own at home for a party.Overall, it is not the best, nor is it the worst HH in town. Of course it is in the Aria, so you have to take that into account. Get ready to spend the bucks or else be disappointed. Although the quality was there I just think the restaurant could afford to add a bit to the portions, come now, at least three lobster "rolls" if they're going to be less than the size of my pinky finger!I would love to go back for dinner some day, but I would have to save some of my monies to do it since the pricing here is steep.
3	Worst food I ever had.  Trout was tasteless, Chiopino was salty and sucked. Manager came over and apologized after we told waiter howl horrible the food was. Manager was kind and didn't charge us for Chiopino which improved from 1 star to 3 stars.
5	Left zarkana and decided to grab a bite.  Talked my spouse into trying this restaurant and boy am I glad I did.  The ceiling is like watching a school of fish passing over.  The staff was remarkable in their attentiveness and knowledge- this seems to be less important to many of the venues I have sampled during this week in town.  I enjoyed the deconstructs thoroughly.  My biggest issue was trying to narrow the menu down to a single choice.  I'm not gonna lie, they had me at the corn muffins.  A great experience!
2	For a Michellin place, I expected better. Service was god awful. The service staff brought gumbo without a spoon, the waitress stopped by to see how things were and noticed it and got a spoon right away, no asking for another cup of joe, no water for sometime. ah, the failings of a restaurant in its service. food was alright, nothing to rave about.
2	We went here last year and it was amazing! This year not so much.  We arrived at our reservation early & we asked if we could be seated early & if not, we would go to the casino & gamble. The hostess said that it would be one minute. Well, 45 minutes later, we were seated. Once we were able to sit, we were placed in a booth directly under a vent spewing ice cold air. We ordered a cocktail 10 minutes later and waited, waited, waited, 35 minutes later, I noticed other tables that were seated after us were already finishing their drinks. I asked our server, they apologized & 35 minutes later, we got our drinks. We ordered 3 appetizers, but only 2 arrived. The tuna tartare was incredible and the scallops with foie gras was amazing. My wife ordered the mustard black code (was AMAZING) and I ordered the cowboy rib eye, topped with foie gras.  The seared gras was INCREDIBLE, but the rib eye was fatty.  Not the mouth watering fatty that a nice rib eye is known for (which I was craving), but chewy fatty.  I had to spit out about 5 bites, because I couldn't chew through the fat.  Pretty gross.  This was a mix of 5 stars & negative 1 stars.  Since we had an amazing time last year, I was sooooo looking forward to this meal, which became a nightmare.
4	Second time here and no complaints. First time I had a tasting menu with wine pairings. This time had their signature dishes; Tuna Tartare, Lobster pot Pie and a nice Mascarpone cheesecake.My dinner  was pretty dam good, i don't know what people are complaining about.I think its a nice place for dinner. and if you want privacy ask for a booth. Theres a open kitchen so you can watch the chefs at work.check out some of the photos of the food . Its not cheap but what is in Vegas.The great thing was I walked out of Zarkana the show and wright into American Fish with no waiting. I would go back no problem.
2	I was expecting a fabulous dinner especially for the prices. We had two appetizers and a salad. Yep the prices are that steep. The New England Lobster Roll, the Charred Octopus, and Mixed Greens. I have never had the experience that I could not eat the food; however in this case it was not eat the appetizers. Flavor profiles were completely off, plus the octopus was like rubber. If i had thrown it in any direction it would have bounce back. The salad was good and unique, I would recommend it.Such a disappointment and I love food! Go to Julian Serrano instead!
5	This is a great restaurant - in every way. Although the menu prices seem to be a little higher than usual for seafood restaurants, you can taste the quality that goes into every dish. The decor of the restaurant was modern and the lighting was low, but not too dark.  We were greeted upon arrival and although we had a reservation, our table was not ready when we arrived. The wait was not too long, and the experience was worth the wait.I started with the BLTA (bacon, lettuce, tomato and avocado) salad - which was awesome. The thick slices of smokey/ fabulous bacon  (see picture below)  were a great complement to the light and tangy vinaigrette, the crisp iceberg lettuce and the flavorful heirloom tomatoes. For dinner, I had the fire grilled salmon, which was incredible. In wondering why the salmon tasted so much better than every other pieces salmon I've ever had, I figured only that the quality of the seafood and the attention to detail in its preparation were the reasons why this dish was so exceptional.  We also ordered two side dishes for the table; truffle mac & cheese and smoked garlic mushrooms. Both side dishes were generous in their size, and extremely flavorful. All of the service staff was extremely kind and helpful, attentive to every diner's need. Overall, the experience was great, I plan to return the next time I am in Las Vegas. I highly recommend this restaurant if you're looking to have fresh and delicious seafood in the Las Vegas area.
5	This is an amazing establishment with some of the most customer service oriented staff I have ever came across.. Roberto Liendo is the GM and he made this dining experience one to truly remember!! Deff recommend this place while in vegas
4	On a recent Monday we stopped in for Happy Hour.  We settled into a comfy booth in the bar area and had a pleasant experience.  There appeared to be just one server for the bar area, plus a bartender.  If you are in any kind of hurry, I suggest sitting at the bar, as those folks were getting things much faster.  Fortunately, we weren't in a hurry.    I inquired about the white wine happy hour selection of the day and was given a taste of it, which was good because I had never heard of it, and can't remember what it was.   It was good enough for this gal to have a $7 glass of it, while Husband went with a $7 Dark and Stormy, which he liked enough to have two of.  For my second drink, I decided to switch to a Tom Collins, which was nice and refreshing.  I'm happy  to report that they don't skimp on the booze.   Food-wise we started with the King Crab Louie, Truffled Mac n Cheese and Seared Scallop.  The seared scallop was the fave...it was one large, perfectly seared scallop with "pretzel crouton and anchor steam foam".  It was all that and more...there was some kind of green sauce as well as a type of slaw.  Love it when a dish exceeds menu expectations.   The truffled mac n cheese met expectations.  It was creamy, but not too rich.  The addition of a small amount of mushrooms and peas added to the flavor nicely.   The "King Crab Louie" was way below expectations, however.  The menu described it as:   "deviled egg, baby lettuce, heirloom tomato".  The only part of that description that was true was the deviled egg.  It was one egg, cut in half and deviled.  There might have been one itsy bitsy teeny tiny crab something, but if so, it was barely there.  And certainly no lettuce nor tomato.  Based on the description, I expected a small salad, with a deviled egg and a chunk or two of crab.  They REALLY need to change the menu to reflect that this is just a deviled egg!     All of these were fairly light, so we decided to try the Lobster Roll and the Baked Oysters with our second drinks.  The baked oysters were by far the better of the two.  They were pleasantly as described: "wilted spinach, pernod, parmesan cream".  There were just two oysters, but they were each pretty plump and really yummy.   The lobster roll was pretty much as disappointing as the crab one.   It was more like a bruschetta.  And if there was lobster in the seafood salad on top, well, you couldn't tell.  If you had blind-folded me, I doubt I could have even detected seafood.      For the diner, it's largely about expectations...if management would change a couple menu descriptions to more accurately reflect what the dishes are, it could lead to expectations being met or exceeded, instead of disappointed.     3 1/2 stars would be more accurate for me, but based on three out of five dishes being very good and good drinks, I'm rounding up.
5	Items selected:2010 Brut CremantBee's KneesCorn Bread, Grilled Garlic Ciabatta, Butter, Olive OilBlack Cod Tostada with Cilantro SlawNew England Lobster Roll with Toasted Parker House Roll and Old Bay ButterMichael's Tomato Soup with Maine Lobster Grilled Cheese and Micro BasilShrimp and Grits, Serrano Ham, Shellfish Broth, Jalapeno CreamSeared Scallop and Foie Gras with Pain Perdu, Candied Fennel, Charred Blackberry ButterGrilled Lion Fish with Yukon Gold Potato Chowder, Steamed Mussels, Pork Belly CroutonsCrawfish Hush PuppiesLobster Whipped PotatoesLemon Pound Cake with Melon Sorbet, Compressed Melon, Blueberry Tapioca with Pop RocksWhite Chocolate Bread Pudding - Caramelized Banana, White Chocolate Ice CreamWarm Beignets with Chocolate Mousse and Lime SugarChocolate Peanut Butter Torte with Salty Caramel Ice Cream, Peanut PralineMascarpone Cheesecake with Huckleberries and Vanilla CrustDouble EspressoHaving made friends with folks in the Mina group and harboring a great respect for the chef himself after many stellar visits to his restaurants in various cities my final dinner prior to becoming an official resident of Las Vegas saw me seated at Aria's American Fish for a self-selected tasting menu based on classics and seasonal specialties, the newly reorganized kitchen working in full view and servers happy to engage in discussions of sourcing, preparation, and approach.  A truly beautiful restaurant, tucked away from the Casino in in typical Mina fashion (Michael Mina Bellagio, Stripsteak, Pub 1842, etc,) I was seated in a corner booth and greeted quickly with a glass of champagne and electing for a cocktail to go with dinner my meal began promptly with Chef Mina's classic corn bread in a muffin form and doing my best to temper eating these by the dozen I still managed to order a second basket as I progressed through six savory courses and two rounds of dessert inclusive of amuses and palate cleansers, plus sides paired with my final savory.  Focused squarely on the sea with fish generally out of the waters no more than 24 hours each and every plate that arrived was prepared to a lightly cooked exterior and delicate rare internal temperature, the tender scallop balancing a creamy piece of foie gras and the shrimp and grits particularly impressive while the lion fish was flaky and light, beautifully complimented by the brine of the mussel chowder and smoky pork.  Always happy to overindulge on dessert, even though the hush puppies were like sweet and savory crawdad doughnuts, the team at American Fish continued the trend of very impressive sweets that I've seen from Baltimore to Detroit to Vegas and San Jose with a quartet of options where doughnuts and bread pudding both shined and cheesecake wowed; the lightness of the mascarpone something I generally don't anticipate in the dish but truly impressive in the setting of light vanilla cream and reduced berries.
4	My husband & I recently celebrated our 10th anniversary here.  Friends of ours said we had to go here, so we checked it out.  Glad we did.We arrived a little early thinking we'd have a cocktail before dinner.  We checked in and then got a booth at the bar.  I drink Manhattans everywhere, it's one of my "base line" orders for a new bar/restaurant.  This one was one of the best I've had.  While we were happily drinking, the hostess let us know a small table was ready for us, but if we waited a few more minutes, a bigger booth would be available.  We had no problem waiting and I thought it was great they gave us the choice, rather then just sitting us at the small table.  Once seated, our server was fabulous.  Helpful, attentive and friendly, without being a annoying.  He guided us through the menu and helped us with decisions.  First of all, the bread that comes is to die for, I would have been happy with my cocktail and the bread, but that was only the beginning.  The food was fabulous.  We shared everything - the scallop & foie gras was delish, the caesar salad was great, the lobster pot pie was impressive and wonderful and the surf & turf melted in our mouths.  We did get dessert - the chocolate & peanut butter torte, which was OK, but I was so full by then I'm not sure I would have really enjoyed anything at that point.  Everything was a hit.The only downfall of the night was, we had the sommelier help us pick out a wine.  It was wonderful, we loved it, until the bill came.  We thought he said it was $45, but it was in fact, $145.  He was very apologetic over the miscommunication, and only charged us 1/2 the amount for the bottle.  I would certainly come back here, and would love to just come and sit at the bar for happy house.  That menu was VERY reasonable and again, the drinks were amazing.
5	Went here for my sister's birthday and the ambiance, food and service was great.  The staff was so friendly and helpful while assisting to surprise my sisterWe ordered:Kale Caesar salad: not a fan of kale at all but this was amazing!Fish and chips: fish was wrapped in phyllo dough and you can actually taste the fish, not a mouth full of batter! The chips were drizzled with a pesto sauce... Yummy! Ahi tuna: I'm very picky with this fish and it did not disappoint! Salmon: amazing! Baked to perfection and was not dry at all We also ordered a wood grilled fish (so sorry, I forgot which fish exactly) and that was delicious. I personally love smokey flavors so this was one of my favorites.It is a pricey place but what do you expect, it's Vegas ha. The decor is modern and comfortable.Perfect for family dinners, dates and parties. There was actually an engagement party going on while we were there.
4	I definitely think it is more than a 3.5 star place.  My wife and I dined there our first night in Vegas.  We were going to go toe Carnevino but the $70 per person steak prices scared us off.We changed to American Fish and were not disappointed.  We asked for a quiet booth and the hostess obliged.  Unfortunately, they then seated a party of 4 young "hoodlums? behind us that must have come from drinking all day.  Immediately started dropping F bombs, talking in a yell, screaming for the waiter to "get over here we want drinks".  Must have been hotel high rollers because I can't imagine why a classy restaurant like this would not put a stop to this.So we were heading for a 1 star experience until I complained to the manager, who immediately said he understood and allowed us to pick any open table.  We moved far away from the Animal House frat brothers and things got immediately better.My wife ordered the wood grilled salmon which was simple but delicious.  I ordered the black cod marrinated in mustard and soy.  It was very good although I have had better.  The cod seemed to have been marinated too long and lacked the firm, flakyness I have enjoyed at some better sushi bars.The side of truffle mac and cheese, well how can you mess up that combination!  We polished off the entire thing.The waiter was great.  Attentive but not annoying.  Overall, I appreciate the way they handled the situation and the food is not going to disappoint.
3	If you have ever been to other Michael Mina establishments, you may be disappointed with American Fish.  It is essentially his version of Red Lobster.  The food is still decent, but not what you have come to expect from Mina.  It is a troubling indicator when the best dish is the lobster pot pie, the signature dish at his other restaurant.  Some interpretations of classics seem to miss the mark, such as his cioppino.  The joy of a great cioppino is its heartiness with rich sauce that you can't wait to dip your bread into.  Here, it is a bit paltry and served from what looks like a creamer and put on top of the seafood as an afterthought.  Mac n cheese is not what most people would expect, overflowing cheesiness.  Instead, it is more pasta-like with a toss in cheese sauce.  I thought it was still good, but it can be a bit surprising.  Maybe he should have done it three ways.  I know it sounds a bit kinky, but I always seem to enjoy his three ways. The chicken dish was cooked perfectly although it was about as exciting as watching grass grow.But the lobster pot pie is still a standout.
4	Great place For a good dining  experience. A bit on the pricey side. Wine list is average given its list and prices are way off . I recommend that you try the tasting menu. It gives a good culinary experience at the most reasonable price . The restaurant does not get five stars due mainly to its price quantity ratio.
3	The Service: Our server is very sweet. However, hard to track her down. Only 1 server at the bar area. The Food: HAPPY HOUR MENU ROCKS!!! $5 for all the food. Very nice presentation. BUT... very very very small portion.New England Lobster Roll - GOOD!!! Crispy at the bottom, creamy on the top.Beef Tartare - weird texture, didn't really like itKing Crab Louie - soso, taste like devil eggSeared Scallop - Tasty scallop but wish there is one more pieceValrhona Chocolate Custard - creamy chocolate... yumm!White Chocolate Bread Pudding - THE BEST!
5	This review is for american fishes happy hour which is amazing. We went twice this trip to the happy hour here and have been a few times before. They have tapas style appetizers that are $5 each and are great. The mac and cheese was great as well as the mini cup of split pea and mini ham sandwich that comes with the soup. I don't recommend the scallop as it was tough and fishy, which was a bummer for a fish place, but everything else is great. They also have three mini desserts on the happy hour menu for $5 each. We had all of them, the marscopone cheesecake with huckleberries is light and tasty, the chocolate pudding with red velvet cake and chocolate nib ice cream is great. Its really rich so it may not be your thing. We ordered off the regular menu the strawberry shortcake with basil ice cream which was amazing but the best was the bread pudding with caramelized bananas and caramel ice cream. The drinks are $7 and feature 4 cocktails from the menu i had a tom collins and a gimlet which were bothas well as three kinds of wine. They have $4 beer( one being paps blue ribbon served in a koozie)  as well as clams, oysters, and shrimp from the raw bar for $2,$3, and $4. they also have a full size burger and fish sandwich for $18. All and all its one of the most extensive happy hour's I have seen on the strip and the staff is amazing. Everyone is friendly. We got the same server twice and she remembered us, and the manager came over and said welcome back as well. The atmosphere is elegant but casual and the restaurant is upstairs away from all the noise of the casino. All and all if you want something nice that won't break the bank then american fish at happy hour is the place to be. They also have a $49 early evening menu, a tasting menu, and a dinner and show menu.
1	Not impressed with the service or the food. Took over 3 hours, fish was mushy and under cooked. I have used Yelp in the past to search for restaurants but had never signed up until today due to such a bad experience with this restaurant.
3	First I have to say I was very close to giving this place 4 stars. This restaurant has "By Michael Mina" added to it's name. That gave me big hopes as I love Michael Mina (and rated that to a 5 star). I also love fish, so I was very excited about going here. Unfortunately either the food or the service is as good. The service is still really good, but not top notch as it is at Michael Mina.I have been here twice. The last time I had the lobster tasting menu and we were a group of 5 people all having it. We were all Norwegians, so we are used to getting very good seafood. The food is pretty good, and a couple of the courses we got were really good. But overall it's just not that great.When the prices are very high it's just not worth it to me. I'm very sorry for this since as I said, I love seafood.
2	Slow service.  Tables are shaking. Food is mediocre. To many good places to go to, stay away
5	I had the chicken at Michael Mina's my last trip to Vegas and was disappointed. The vegetables with it were better. Can Mina cook, I wondered.This trip I was interested in the lion fish on the online American Fish menu as I've never had that. A restaurant reviewer friend suggested the fish at Le Cirque would be better so I made a reservation there but also went to American Fish. The lion fish was the best fish I had on the 7-day plunge into the best seafood in the city. The server said it tasted smoky. You mean it's smoked? I asked. No, it just tastes smoky. As in the best barbequed anything I've ever had. A dark and stormy cocktail, heavy on the ginger, was the perfect accompaniment while they played Gil Scot Heron's Living in a Bottle in the background. I would go back to Vegas just to eat that lionfish again. The monkfish at Le Cirque and it's extraordinary service would be another reason to return, but for sheer originality and getting the most out of each molecule of taste, I'd follow Van Morrison and Listen to the Lion. Fish.
5	Seafood is my favorite and this restaurant doesnt disappoint..oysters were great..yellowtail was so fresh..mac and cheese and prime rib for 2..was amazing
4	Great food at a great price. Came here for happy hour and their drinks are amazing.
4	Four words:  Maine Lobster Pot Pie.A puff pastry lid tops a "pot" filled with medallions of gently poached in what can only be called an enriched, buttery lobster bisque, uber sweet, Maine lobster tail and delicate claws.  Aromatic root veg and mushrooms balance the hearty dish.  Sensory overload as the dish is plated table side.  Yes, you can get the same dish at Mina's flagship restaurant but here, it's comfort food, served in a less imposing, contemporary dining room.  American Fish is about outstanding seafood cooked in a simplified, almost rustic manner and it's good.Standout starters include a refreshing, well balanced ahi tartare.  The natural flavor and richness of the fish is brought out by the tempered use of chili oil and fresh habanero peppers.  Pine nuts add an earthy balance.  Asian pears tone down the fiery spice and provide great texture.  The Seared scallop with Foie remains a winner.  The accents on the dish change with the season but always serve to contrast the sweetness of the perfectly seared scallop to the richness of the foie.For other mains, the Mustard Marinated Black Cod is a top pick.  Asian influenced (think miso fish); moist, perfectly cooked through.  Simply put, good eats.  Finally, any of the wood grilled seafood on offer are excellent.  All perfectly cooked with no albumin visible.  The gentle smoke flavor adds a bitterness and complexity to the simply prepared fish that will have you longing for another bite.  Note, the wood grilled seafood is served without any sides.  The broccolini with lemon and garlic, complimented well with just the right vegetal goodness and acidic zing to bring the fish to life. Very good, relaxed service.  Outstanding wine list.  Vegas resort pricing.  Good happy hour.Sometimes simple is best.  American Fish delivers.
3	Arrived at 5 pm opening time and happy hour but we opted out for dinner. My wife and I started off with a dozen of the kusshi oysters, they where fresh and delicious as they can get. We asked for the tuna tartar and the crab cakes. The tuna was delicious similar if not the same to what you get in Maui.  The crab cakes where ok. I had the black cod you can taste and smell the coals that they are cooked over. We ordered a side of the mash potatoes and the broccolini. American fish is the type of place in my opinion you hit up once, just to try. Vegas has way too many place for you to have visit one twice very few deserve the second visit.
5	Wow! Wow! Wow!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! This restaurant by far is one of the best restaurants I have been to in my whole life.  My boyfriend took me here for Valentines day dinner and it was amazing. Not too crowded at all and the atmosphere was BEAUTIFUL! The servers, hostess, and managers were very courteous and friendly from the moment we sat down to the moment we left.  The food was delicious!!! I ordered the salmon and my boyfriend ordered the Hawaiian fish and both were really good and not on the fishy side.  Our sides were the mushrooms, mac and cheese with truffles, and the lobster mashed potatoes.  All I can say about everything is OMG!! I recommend this place highly for everyone to try!! Once we were done and our waiter gave us a check he gave all the females a rose for Valentines Day which I thought was a very sweet gesture.  Will be back again the next time I'm in Vegas!!!
5	Awesome service. Awesome meal. Lobster Pot Pie still the best experience ever, but should be shared. If you like Kale, the Kale Caesar salad is Unbelievable
5	Wonderful atmosphere and staff. I The surf and turf was wonderful. My husband enjoyed the pot pie with lobster. The sides were very tasty I really liked the garlic potatoes. Dont skip the cheese tray yum. The deserts are excellent.
2	I Booked reservations at American Fish and was looking for an amazing meal. The staff was pleasant but that's where the pleasantries end. I ordered the salmon and it was small and bland, the lobster mash potato was runny and had an unpleasant aftertaste. The moral of this story is, just because the food is overpriced doesn't mean it's good. If you want great food at a good price, go somewhere else.
3	My husband and I had been wanting to try this place forever and for whatever reason it just kept getting put on the back burner.   So when my husband surprised me this week, for my birthday, I was so excited to finally try American Fish.  As we were brought to ourtable, The hostess wished me a happy birthday, which is always a nice touch.  I really did love the ambience of this place.  Really beautiful and elegantly done.  It was busy,  but not overly loud.    Cocktails are ordered from an IPad,  and they do have a lot to choose from.  I opted for a Singapore Sling (since there were absolutely no vodka based drinks to be found), and my husband went with The Life Is Beautiful.   The drinks were good and my husband had 2.   They did have a chef's tasting menu which looked promising,  but the waitress said it wasn't available tonight.    On her own accord she did go and check with the chef and he said that if we wanted the tasting menu he would do it for us since it was my birthday. Another birthday kudo!  We decided that  we wanted to order of the menu so we could try a variety of things.  Since we are raw seafood lovers we started with a few clams.  I also got the signature tuna tartar. It looked so yummy.   I was so disappointed when my first bite was all sesame oil.  Why???? Too overpowering for delicate tuna!  Unfortunately,  I wouldn't know if it was high grade tuna or not.    My husband's scallop and fois gras appetizer was the best dish of the night.     For entrees my husband got the salmon.  It was fine,  just overpriced.    I was swayed by the lobster pot pie.  It was beautifully presented,  but lacked in deliciousness.  I wanted to "mmmm" in every bite and instead I had rubbery lobster.   I could've enjoyed the same taste at Red Lobster for a whole lot less money.   We didn't do dessert.   At that point we were a bit ho-hum about the whole meal.  Overall,  the food was "fine",  but did not meet my high expectations that should come with Michael Mina's name.   Sadly,  I must give it three stars.
2	I was pretty excited to eat here! the restaurant is really pretty but i wasn't happy with my experience... the place is way too loud, the portions are really small, price is very very expensive and our table was in the middle that the servers and guest were just walking on our sides and it just makes me uncomfortable and distracted..  the food was okay, nothing special or i'd be craving for.
5	The quality of the food is worth the price. great seafood for those who actually enjoy the natural taste of seafood as opposed to taste built-up by sauces, frying, etc.
2	Had the Maine Lobster Pot Pie and the Shrimp and Scallops for entrees. Crab cakes for appetizer. We do not get it. The Pot Pie was a neat and cool presentation but that was it. All tastes were just weird and sometimes unpleasant, the food overall was a disappointment with a capital D. The service was struggling to not be fake and the night was just not one of our better dinners in Vegas. We have been to a few Michael Mina restaurants and it seems to be the same at all of them. Not up to standards of other Vegas celebrity chef, high end restaurants. Really disappointed. Cost was only 30.00 dollars less then Gordon Ramsay's and no where near the experience.
5	Has the scallops and prawns. The scallops were amazing, the prawns, just Ok. The service is outstanding. Also had the lobster roll as an appetizer, it was really good, not great.
5	I had the salmon with broccolini. OH MY GOD! IT WAS absolutely Amazing... the salmon was cooked perfectly to where it melted in your mouth. & the brocolini..  well i could eat that every day for the rest of my life. Delicious.
4	Great food and super friendly staff. We went here two nights ago after reading about it on the Eater site.
5	We ate here yesterday's for Happy Hour.  Many choices as well as drink.  We had lobster roll, scollops, tomato soup with grilled cheese, chef's salad in an egg, plus several more.  Service and food was very good.  Fun time!
4	Visited here as a group.We arrived at approx 7:30 and got out approx 10:30 with only three courses (only reason for 4 Stars as opposed to 5!).The food was EXCELLENT! Everything from the breads, the soups & salads all of the entrees and all of the desserts!!A must visit (if you're with a group , be sure to block 3 hours for a dinner that should only take an hour and a half!
4	I thought this was a good meal. I enjoyed my fish as did my wife. Too bad its closing and turning into something else this fall!
4	i'm a fan because after walking a million miles in and around Aria/Crystals/Cosmopolitan to catch HH here, we made it at 1min late, but, the manager was kind enough to let us order off the menu still. AWESOME!we ordered the beef tartare, macNcheese, lobster toast and a couple rounds. food was great and service was amazing. we'll be back, hopefully, a little earlier.
4	I wanted to dine here before it closed and boy was it good!  To start we both got cocktails from the bar which were fabulous and the service at the bar was top notch.  We then sat down and were greeted by a server who had asked if we would like bottled water or tap and we said bottled and then the brought tap anyway.  (Oh Well!).  For appetizers we ordered the lobster rolls which was TO DIE FOR.  Hands down one of the best things I've ever had.  We also had the tuna tartare which was OK.  I'm never a big fan of Tuna Tartare.  For entrees I got the filet mignon which was good except it didn't come with any fancy sauces and I'm a big sauce person.  My friend got the salmon which she loved.  She also got the greens salad and said it was good.For a side we got the lobster whipped potatoes which was more like cream of wheat when talking consistency... Not so good.  I was really looking forward to these but i would recommend passing next time.Overall the experience was great.  We loved the ambience and are excited to dine at the French Michael Mina restaurant in the winter!
3	Can't believe they closed this place :( it was great for Aria. I guess they couldn't compete with the buffet and Jean George's Steakhouse. (Which is absolutely superb)RIP American Fish
