3	** 3.5 stars **I've been to Big Al's Comedy Club several times.  Like any other comedy club, how good it is depends who's booked for that week.  I've seen as bad as Kato Kaelin and I've seen some good comics.The venue is odd because it once was a restaurant in the Orleans.  The entrance is almost directy across from the buffet entrance.  There are two rows of plush seats in the front.  These are people who are being comped or have gotten their early to try to get seats close to the front.  On the left side facing the stage, there are some booths that also have some chairs, but the largest section--the middle--is made up of longer tables with seating on both sides and that hold 8 people.The club is open Wednesday through Sunday and there is one show at 8 PM.  Cost is $19.95 which includes tax and one drink.  Last night, I saw Kristeen Von Hagen and Danny Villalpando.  Both were funny, but with only two comics other than the MC who only does a brief stint, both featured comics seemed long.It is an OK venue and depending on the people booked, it's a good club to attend.
3	Small room with similar sized laughs....I came in to see a friend of a friend's stand up routine the other night.  This spot gets a variety of local and traveling talent.  The room is small but not cramped, and clean enough.  The crowds here are the issue I have.  Mostly seniors (seniors seniors!), they didn't really buy into the acts on stage.  The host was pretty brutal, but the two headliners were funny enough.  I felt bad for the comedians because if you took most of the crowd out of the room, put them in a nursing home in front of a TV w/ some Matlock and jello, they'd be right at home.  They were not laughing or interested in the acts on stage, I think they were there for seats, literally the seats, just to sit and fight the urge to nap.  Regardless of all that, not a bad room I suppose.
4	Get here early to get the best seats. Most are first come first served.It all depends on who is performing but I've been three times now and I always find something to chuckle about; the host is often funnier than the guest performers as was the case my last visit but hey comedy is a hit and miss thing and you have to know and understand your audience; Most of the crowd was in their mid 40s to early 60s and since a lot of the jokes were geared toward a younger crowd they missed; Its a small/intimate venue with a very attentive wait staff to minimize the need to get up and go to the bar (nice job ladies) Tickets are free on seatfiller.com and if you can get them for free you will love the show. if you pay for them you may be a little disappointed.
4	The performers were good had me laughing.  The drinks were good, would go back again.  The environment needs to be updated, different color would be nice.  The chairs were mismatched.  Looked like left overs from different parts of the hotel.
