5	This store is huge!  Manifest has the biggest selection of new and used CDs and DVDs in town.  In an age of mp3s and iPods, it's still fun to explore in the used music and movie sections.  And if you don't find what you're looking for they probably have it new at a reasonable price.  I usually go ahead and purchase DVDs I know I'll watch several times, like Superbad, Mr & Mrs Smith or Shaun of the Dead.  Luckily places like Manifest will buy them back when you've memorized the dialog and are ready for something new.  And if you want to add a classic like THX1138 or Bladerunner to your permanent collection, they probably have it cheaper than you can get online.My only complaint is they don't have a bicycle rack out front and there is absolutely nothing to tether your ride to.  But they do allow you to bring your bike inside.  Relying on other people to keep my bike safe makes me nervous when it's locked but still just leaning against a wall.  But they're good people and staff is very friendly.
4	Manifest is a great place to buy CDs. Why support national chains when you can spend your money at a local place that has a cooler vibe and a better selection than any chain store?I'm not a hard-core comparison shopper, but I feel that their prices are pretty good. I know that when I recently went to buy In Rainbows, they had it for a buck less than that place that aparently sells walls. Also, I'm always sketched about the wall store--do they still censor their CDs? The fact that they ever did is enough to keep me from shopping there.
4	I have to say this is probably the biggest independent music store I've been in.  They have an extremely wide choice in music from really old to new stuff.  They also have all kinds of DVDs to choose from, both new and used.  They have pretty good prices on used stuff and even have really good sales.  If there's a certain CD you've been looking for I would bet that this place has it, and if they don't they can find it for you.  Definitely one for the music nut in your life.
5	It is a music connoisseurs dream.  They have all the cds and records that are so hard to find anywhere else.  It is pretty much the opposite of Best Buy, but they do have mainstream music as well, if you are into that.  I picked up a great Miles Davis tee there with the artwork for the fusion On The Corner album.  The staff is helpful and knowledgeable as well.
4	This place is cool. It's no-frills, a little dusty around the edges, but its prices on new CDs & DVDs are competitive, its "head shop" of posters, ts, and toys is fun to poke around in, and its staff is knowledgeable and helpful. In fact, the staff reminds me of the old Record Bar crowd (God, I know I'm dating myself here); they are music-heads to the person. Which makes shopping here nice. You are actually surrounded by staff who know a lot more about music than you.The best thing about Manifest by far is their selection of old vinyl and used CDs. I have managed to amass quite a collection of used CDs at Manifest since moving to Charlotte. Now that I'm a Pandora fan, seems I'm always stumbling on an artist I haven't heard before. Manifest fills the bill with its used CD collection. I mean, where else can you buy 3 Morcheeba CDs for under twenty bucks?
4	Music, movies and other cool loot, oh my. I could definitely spend hours here. The prices of music and DVD's are a little higher but they're a small chain so I'd expect to pay something in the range they price them. Go for the used discs if you're looking for more of a bargain. They had some really cool posters I hadn't seen before. If I wasn't traveling back to California, I probably would've purchased them because they were both just $10 each. I also spotted some Manga and comic book stuff as well. The staff seemed knowledgeable too. Music lovers will feel at home here. I know I certainly did.
5	There are two stores that really make me feel nostalgic.  One is the liquor store, I swear, no matter how old I am, I feel like an underage kid and I don't belong there.  I get the same goofy feeling in Manifest, not that I don't belong, but it makes me feel like I am 16 going in to buy my favorite cassette.  When you walk in Manifest it is vast, it seems endless.  If you are looking for a specific CD, I would walk over to the used side first. It's alphabetical and amazingly easy to find what you are looking for.  I went in today for an obscure musician from the UK, lo and behold it was front and center, right where it should be for $9.99.  I also bought a cute Manifest t- shirt for my sweet B.  A present for me and present for B.  Isn't that how life should work?Manifest also has tricks and treats, t-shirts, movies, games and even vinyl.
5	I've been reluctant to review Manifest because I get the feeling that I am going to be spouting a lot of the same stuff I did in my review of Princeton Record exchange, and if there is one thing I pretend to hate it's repeating myself. The thing is that the similarities between the two stores are the things that make them amazing.Manifest has a huge used section which is organized in the loose sense of the word. The genres are separated out and the inventory is sorted by letter with some stand out bands with name cards at the beginning of each letter. But if you really want to see what they have you need to roll up your sleeves, clear your calendar for a few hours and give your flipping muscles a workout. (This is true for both cds and vinyl.) People in Charlotte must really be suffering with too much good music because the number of times I've found used gems, especially in the under a dollar clearance section, is insane.I'm not much of a brand new cd buyer, but they have a wide selection and the prices are what you would expect. If all else fails you can always watch the high school kids cackle over the ICP posters and marijuana leaf pint glasses. But I highly doubt all else will fail. My guess is that if you willing to put in (and rather enjoy) the time, you will find a nice stack of media to satisfy even the most avid audiophile.
1	They close too early and the prices on the used records are ridiculous! I blame hipsters for that because before the hipster plague this place was where you could go in with 20 bucks and come out with atleast 4 or 5 records. Good if you collect kitchy junk I guess.
5	It was a great day the first time my husband and I went to Manifest.  His little jaw dropped, and I headed straight for the Star Wars section.This is such a big, fun store.  I love the sale section in the back, with cheap-o prices on everything from weird political buttons to patches to bumper stickers to bizarre novelty schtick.  I also love their little Star Wars section.Husband loves the used CD section; unfortunately, he can't use his same method of flipping through every single CD in search for the perfect buy(s), since we'd otherwise be in Manifest for an entire day.This is a great place to kill an hour (or even two) on a Saturday afternoon, and I'm delighted that it's around.
3	This place would be just about perfect if they carried more books and and had more documentary dvds.  And they could afford to put in a bathroom for the people who spend a good amount of time in the store.  It doesn't make sense t ome to not have facilities.
5	Wow this store is huge! In the age of digital downloads for music it's pretty rare to find a place like this laying around. There are tons of neat records, cds, and paraphernalia to browse. It's fun to browse around all the store and check out all the stuff they have available. There are tons of cheaply priced used items, and funky little nick nacks laying around. Browsing around might get you some great finds even if you're not looking for anything in particular when you walk in. Sadly I don't buy much music anymore since the advent of itunes but when I do I'd check here first.
5	Manifest is the scariest looking place on earth. I have often feared being stabbed in the parking lot at night. It looks like an old Kmart...but NO ONE can beat their prices/selections on used vinyl. Nothing. I can spend hours in that little corner of the store. I have bought about 65% of my collection from there. I have found albums that have been on my wishlist for months for about under $10! Deja Vu by Crosby Stills Nash and Young... $4! Elton John's self titled album, $6. Ryan Adams "29" for $8. its amazing. don't be scared. just let it happen.
4	Manifest is huge & packs in a whole lotta entertainment!I'm hyped that Questlove recently dj'ed here & found a gold mine here! He even went back AFTER his gig @ 3 AM & was able to "dig" some more!I'm VERY pleased with their vinyl record selection. They have great prices & a vast amount to choose from.I'm extremely happy that despite the digital age, they are still in business.  They have in store appearances by musical artists, too, so that's pretty neat in itself.
1	I used to really enjoy going to Manifest for their used records. But it seems like they are not getting anything good in the last few months, they will have 10 of the same record which is really annoying when you are digging in crates. Their new record section sucks and is WAY over priced. I really do not see me going back anytime soon.
1	uMMMMM..... 24.99 for a DVD... wtf.... its 2011 (few days before 2012). Who does that??welp yelpers...   Manifest Discs & Tapes does. Dusty place to be. Seems more like an inside DVD/CD flea market IMO. They do have shows here from time to time. Don't know which would feel better.. Inside this dirt trap or outside on the cement!. (I think the parking lot may be better.. and cleaner)ok ok ok  (Joe Pesci voice) enough about the building itself and the dust monsters.I've gone here for years and years i've been getting jipped. CD Warehouse is better (less is more) plus they offer a CUSTOMER DISCOUNT CARD... buy ___ get your __ free type deals. This place here... ummmm not so much. THEY do give u a reciept. if that counts!!but like i said... its 2011-2012.. why come here and spend loot when HELLOOOOO... your already on the internet. Amazon is prolly cheaper and better.. plus they send it to your doorstep. With this new gas tax law that just went into effect... SAVE YOUR GAS MONEY!! buy online!Cheers
5	Amber was awesome.The customer service received from her during the checkout process was exemplary. Because of her, I will make it routine to stop by there and purchase vinyl rather than online.Thanks Manifest, for hiring good people..it is refreshing.
5	This place is surreal. An absolute Titan of the music/media world! If you can't find it at manifest, you probably won't find it anywhere else. In fact, you'll find things at manifest you didn't even know you were looking for.The atmosphere is like Spencer's on steroids. Huge. Massive, even. It doesn't seem to the common eye that there is method to madness, but oh, there is. There is and it happens to be glorious. Aisle by aisle you can peruse ancient CD's from the Used section and find some serious goldies. You really can't underestimate what you'll find. Fact is, Manifest has the potential to make you branch out and buy something completely new. The new section follows suit with all of the bigger shops like FYE and Best Buy. Tons of new, mainstream records to pick and choose from. Nothing out of the ordinary. Slip into the vinyl section from serious musical lore. You'll find everything from Elvis to Sinatra, Fleet Foxes to The Civil Wars, James Taylor to John Mayer and the list goes on and on. What a treat. You'll find records that surpass your understanding of awesome. Definitely worth killing some serious time. You won't leave the vinyl section wanting. Most of the newer items are rather overpriced, but if you're coming to Manifest for a new DVD or Xbox game, well, let's just say you've arrived for the wrong reasons. The used section is where it's at! Bring in your old stuff and they'll even buy it from you. Not worth much, but worth a shot if you're feeling lucky. Despite the shady part of South Blvd, Manifest has my heart for used discs. CD's won't be around much longer and this place is like the attic that's always fun to sneak into. My hat's off to you, Manifest!
4	Holy cow. This store is giant. Shame shame shame on me for not visiting it before this past weekend. If you seek any sort of media - CD's, DVD's, movie and TV show swag, you definitely owe yourself a visit to Manifest. The staff who work here are incredibly friendly. And cool. And helpful. Whether you seek a completely random European mix or you just want to peruse the seemingly infinite selection of clearance CD's, they are happy to help. I was particularly impressed with said clearance CD's. 2 for $5, 2 for $3 and then sometimes a sale on top of that. Are all of these clearance CD's in perfect condition and all hit records? Hell no. But that's the thrill of the hunt. I spied everything from Wilson Phillips to Da Brat to Brooks and Dunn. And many, many more artists I have never heard of. I was thoroughly entertained for almost an hour. As for the DVD side, the prices are a bit all over the place. Some DVD's are priced beautifully, especially the used varieties. And while they have tons of new titles, some reasonably priced, I found that many a new DVD was priced way above what I would find in Best Buy or Target. It's cool though, just walk yourself over to the used section and peruse. There is also a small selection of vinyl and other weird gifty sort of knicknacks that would appeal to many a hipster. Don't be like me and wait so long to hit up Manifest Discs & Tapes. Go there. Now.
4	Come to this store planning to burn a few hours. Their stock is quite exhaustive with the new releases, box sets, reissues, vinyl, video games, DVD's, and what seems like an endless supply of used music. Your head will spin.Often, there's a special on the used section (a good way of thinning the herd). You never know what you'll find in Used. I don't know if its worth it to check it out every week, but definitely every few months My one gripe would be wanting $11.99 or more for some used CD's. That seems to be a tall request in this digital music modern world. There aren't many artists I'd pay that much for to get a new CD, much less used with a cracked cover. Gotta keep the lights on somehow, I guess.
5	Best place in Charlotte to get music, staff is always very cool and knowledgeable. Hope there will always be small places like this to get music. Awesome variety of vinyl too.
5	I really like manifestly A lot of action figures a lot of stuff
5	This place is awesome.I shop here more than any other store in the area. fantastic selection of new and used music and video.Cool collectable stuff...a great place for gift shopping!The staff rocks...I love this pace!
5	Best place to buy new and and used media. It's an experience. Not much else to say. Just go already!
5	This is still my favorite store in Charlotte.  I used to be a die-hard Media Play fan, until they closed.  At that time, I had to look elsewhere for my music needs, and this was the first and last place I needed to go (and only a 5 minute drive from where Media Play was on South Boulevard).I have tried Lunchbox Records, and it pales in comparison.  They never have the CDs I go for.  I don't have to worry about that when I make the long drive to come to Manifest.Manifest is a grocery store sized warehouse of music, movies, records and related ephemera.  Newbies are welcome to browse by genre, but I have gotten to the point where I always bring a list with me.  That way I don't forget anything, because you WILL forget what you originally came in for in the overwhelming aisles full of great stuff!  Which will definitely lead to overspending ;)I would also highly recommend bringing some old CDs, DVDs, games or records with you to trade in - you get store credit you can immediately use to buy something new.  Their prices are competitive in this area, I've checked around, and it is great to not have to spend cash on whatever you pick up!If I could knock anything about Manifest, it would be the lack of a public bathroom - which is understandable, it costs money to upkeep, and it would probably be used by crack smokers exclusively, but it is something that would be great to have in the store.  I drive across town to come here, and then have to go to a nearby fast food restaurant to use the bathroom.
5	In the rise of digital music and the desert of record stores (gee, thanks, iTunes), it's a gracious miracle places like this are still open. Manifest has a gigantic selection, above and beyond any traditional outlet in the Charlotte area. You're not going to get an experience straight out of High Fidelity when you come here: the staff is upbeat, willing to help, and I never feel like I have to win their approval (sorry, John Cusack). Unlike the cramped store shown in the movie, Manifest is more like a warehouse, or if Michael's was turned into a record shop (ie: if Michael's was fun).Used trade-in is a great aspect of the store. I'll make that my first stop, get some store credit, then check out the used section. Since they run a pretty tight ship on used (what, you don't want this shrink wrapped copy of Styx I found in a closet?!?!), what you're looking at in used will be near-mint condition and a little more off-the-radar. The used section has got its up-and-down days, but you're almost guaranteed to find something for less than $7 that's golden, especially in the jazz and rock sections. They'll have Buy 2-Get 1 Free deals among other specials that are explained at the register. More than once at checkout, I've been informed I can get another 2 discs for cheap, prompting, "be-right-back-thanks-didn't know-about-that-deal-don't-mind-if-I-take-another-three-hours-losing-myself-like-I-always-do." I feel like a kid buzzed on sugar when I leave and gleefully shove whatever I just bought into the car's CD changer. Music fans: be prepared to feel like Hermione Granger nerding out when visiting Manifest. Like her, Manifest gets all of the good grades.
5	This store is awesome. That's my only way to describe it. I was visiting friends in the area and we ended up here last Saturday afternoon. It sounded like a chain of stores that I love in the New England area, but once I walked in, I realized this place was SO much better and about 10 times as big. and well less than half the price. I would move to Charlotte just to go here on a regular basis!The variety of CD's and DVD's are amazing. I was looking for a movie that was based on a true story in the Boston area and I was unable to find it, but really didn't expect to, but otherwise I found everything I was looking for, the selection is amazing. If you're looking for something in particular, they WILL have it. theres no way they can't! The prices are excellent as well, I was walking around like I'd never been in a record store and that's probably because I'd never been in one like Manifest! I got to the selection of albums (vinyl!!!! haven't seen them in years!) then spotted the discount room and kept myself from taking off at a run when I spotted stuffed Ted bears on sale for $14.99 (they're $50 where I'm from) my friend just laughed at me when he saw me walking around with that! Tons of Ted stuff, Big Bang Theory, Sons of Anarchy and other popular tv show and movie merchandise. Sunglasses, more stuff than you'll ever need but you have to buy!!! the 2 for a dollar CD's and DVD's in the sale room.. I'd visit this store weekly if I could.Fabulous place and SO worth visiting. I'd drive the 13 hours to Charlotte just to go back!!!
3	Not bad. Used selection of vinyl is ok. Couple of newer titles that are semi hard to find. Prices are hit and miss. Some things over priced. Some things are a steal. General vibe of the place is interesting. Seems like they had 10 copies of a lot of new records though.
4	Great buys. Great deals. Great trade ins. But they only buy stuff sometimes. Don't let them fool you. They'd rather give you store credit than actual cash. Lol. But other than that it's a great place to find movies, music and other goodies.
5	Awesome! Tons of new and used here. CDs, DVDs, bluerays and albums - that have it all. Staff is very friendly.
4	While visiting friends in Charlotte they showed me the lay of the land with a must visit to Manifest.  Did not know what to expect when we got there. The shopping center was stuck in the 1970's. The place was awesome. Liked that the used DVD's and CD's were buy one and get the second one for $1. I was very proud of myself that I did not get too crazy shopping with this deal. The selection was great and got some good CD's. Will be going back on my next visit.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE this place!~ Looking for an old movie that you have been dying to see again .. chances are Manifest will have it and for crazy good prices like $5.  Classics that are collectibles are also hidden amoung the other items ... I won't tell you any examples because I am planning to go back in and snag my favorites a few at a time! And if that weren't awesome enough to make you jump for joy, they also buy back your used movies etc. ... you can unload all those DVDs you never look at anymore and walk away with some cash.  I like it! Finally... for deal lovers, buy a reusable bag for practically nothing (you know the black cloth kind that is made in China... yes they all are I used to sell bags for the world's largest bag manufacturer) and they will give you a discount EVERY SINGLE TIME YOU BRING THE BAG WITH YOU.Alright ... was all that worth a little kiss on the cheek? I think SO! Line up here and pucker up:)
2	All the used records here are basically beat up dollar bin records priced at $5 and up. Bad customer service too. Not coming back.
4	Passing through Charlotte, and happened to Yelp vinyl record stores. This place shows up, looks like a good option, so I navigate my car to my destination. Upon entering the store, an employee asks me if I needed anything, and I remember that I owe a family member the bundled seasons of X-Files. He shows me the location, and indicates that they having a sale on everything that's used in the store - buy one get one penny. I pick up seasons one and two for exactly $13 and then make my way to the CDs. I pick up eight CDs, and four music DVDs, they make my way to the register. The same employee - Marc - rings me up and indicates I have excellent music tastes. Well thank you very much, lol... He indicates that I can save it additional money by signing up with their annual membership card, so I agree to it and save about $10. The total bill comes to right around $80, and I have more than enough music for the ride home, not to mention quality entertainment for the weekend. All-around a good experience, the only deduction would be that I would like to see more vinyl selection.
