4	The lobby was hot, with vaulted wood-planked ceilings, candles, beds, and cool Buddha Bar music; reminiscent of Nikki Beach/Delano in South Beach, with a faux Southwestern twist. The pool is beautiful and fun with lots of water features, sand, and fire. They have beverage service, and a free wine reception for guests, which is nice. The room was so-so. I was cold the whole night. But, their products are L'Occitane. They did not allow for late check-out, which sort of blew. The location near Scottsdale Fashion Square was great. But, there were no views; Camelback Mountain is in front.
4	I'm a native zoney and stayed here when visiting my family over the holidays. There are so many amazing resorts in Scottsdale that I can't give this 5 stars, but in most other cities it would have 5 stars. This hotel takes the boredom out of hotels. The lobby and restaurant areas are beautiful, very unique and not sterile feeling. The rooms are full of charm, not your standard hotel furniture that you would find at a local clearance center. Each room has a private balcony with french doors as well.The pool area is also great. They have a soft beach area for little ones to play as well as an adult friendly pool and hot tub. The pool is surrounded by chairs and cabanas. A great place for a cocktail. There are also fire pits located around the grounds, making this an ideal place to meet up with friends or family after dinner. It is located near Fashion Square and the bars and shops of Old Town Scottsdale. I wouldn't say close enough to walk, but definitely a short cab ride.The only downfall is the pool is a little small, and I could see it getting crowded in the high season.
4	Great hotel- charming and cozy.  The restaurant was delicious, the pool was awesome.  The only thing is that is was very pricey, and for the price I might have expected a little more. Nonetheless, great hotel.I also was able to enjoy the spa which is ajacent to the hotel- Jurlique.  I had the most amazing Vichy massage.
