1	I am in a ton of pain and needed to see a back doctor.Imagine my surprise when this practice said they wouldn't see me because I am paying cash.I was told that they ONLY see patients with insurance coverage.I guess it's easier to milk an insurance company than a cash paying patient.
3	I broke my right arm while snowboarding a couple days before Christmas in 2012. Due to how high up the break was, the doctor I originally saw was unable to put my arm in a cast, so I was referred to Dr Baker at the Nevada Orthopedic & Spine Center.The facility at NO&SC is very nice, I love the large window in the waiting room overlooking the pond. The lady working the front desk the day of my first appointment, not quite as nice. Due to the fact that I am right handed, it was extremely difficult to complete the required paperwork, but thankfully my husband was able to go to the appointment with me and help with it. The woman asking questions and giving us forms to fill out showed absolutely zero compassion for the difficulty I was having when it came time to sign the papers, she was more interested in telling her coworkers what they should be doing. I've been treated with more kindness by the cashier at a gas station then I was by the NO&SC front desk lady.On my follow up visit, there was a different woman at the front desk that was very nice and helpful. Complete opposite of what I experienced on the first visit, which is a shame, as I was actually in pain during the first visit! Thankfully, every other person I dealt with at NO&SC was absolutely fantastic.. From Patty, the doctor's assistant to the x-ray technician to the surgeon himself.. The office was clearly busy due to the holidays (Patty also mention there had been a lot of snowboarding injuries that week) but I didn't feel like Dr. Baker rushed through the visit.The one thing that bothers me about NO&SC is the excessive wait times in the exam room. On both visits, almost an hour had passed from the time of my appointment before I actually saw the doctor. I'd like to assume the reason for that is because Dr. Baker takes time to ensure his patients have all of their questions answered but it can still be a bit of an annoyance to have to wait around for an hour to be seen.
2	Got referred to this place by my HMO insurance care practitioner.  I went in there because I have pain on my arm socket and shoulder. First visit , $70 co-pay. Doctor sent me to get x-rays which I didn't need and I knew I didn't need. Second and last visit, another $70 to have the doctor look at the x-rays that I didn't need and tell me they were negative (duh, really?)  When I requested pain pills for my aching shoulder, he said I didn't need any (yeah, right, but I needed the x-rays) and to just take an anti inflammatory (he probably thought I was some druggie or something.) Then he gave me a cortisone shot, which I really didn't want but since it was an anti inflammatory, it did help, and gave me a referral for an MRI. I never got the MRI and haven't been back since because it will cost me another $70 each time I go there, which is ridiculous. I guess its ok if you're on welfare like most of their customers, but I'm not and can't afford $70 a visit. Still have the same shoulder and arm pain. Will be looking for another Orthopedic doctor soon.
1	Health Plan of NV referred me to this "factory" as they give you no other choices.  First thing:  Xrays.  Got the Xrays, was told they didn't reveal enough, I needed an MRI.  Spent $500 out of my own pocket for an MRI.  Then?  I'm not lying:  they told me they needed another MRI with the iodine leak.  $600!  And, my Dr. even lost his temper with me on the last visit, how professional!  Frustrated, I drove straight down to Tijuana and saw an Orthopedist there, who merely laughed at me!  He used to be a Dr. in the U.S., now back in Mexico, and he told me that Dr.'s in the U.S. have a vested interest in X-ray "factories", and some cases, they own them! Thus: xrays, MRI's endlessly!  The Dr. also told me, for a Baker's Cyst, in all his years, he's never ordered an MRI for a Baker's Cyst, and ironically, my  NV Dr.'s name was Baker!  For the price of my copay ($60), my Mexican Dr. poured over all my xrays, even the ultrasound Cd, consulted with me for 45 minutes, even touched my body, and I paid $60!  He did more for me than anyone up here, but not the first time, I've run to Tijuana 2X before when I ran into these type of "roadblocks".  Hooray, hooray, for Medical tourism!
5	Do Thomas and his staff were very professional and took great care in our sons broken wrist / growth plate. Thank you for all your help!
3	My review is based on a few things, I would rate the doctors 5 stars, great bedside manner, good with kids and always diagnosing the problems correctly. The wait times is a zero star, they need to figure out a better system to keep the wait times in check. Scheduling staff is a 2 star, they are too rushed and forget to get all the information and come off a little short. Hopefully the doctors can work out the admin stuff and improve the overall experience.
5	Recently I had to have surgery on both ulnas, shortening them and fusing the bones back together with metal plates. Dr Song did an amazing job on both surgeries within 6 months of each other. Healing has gone perfect and all of the pain I had from before the surgeries is completely gone. I was originally hesitant to have them performed, unsure if the end result would be worth the procedure based on results read from the web by others afflicted with the same condition across the US. Now I have full use of both wrists. Plates had to be inserted within a 4 inch incision, the cuts are strait and healing with minimal scarring.
1	Doctor John Kastrup is a corrupt and unethical hypocrite and a violator of the very Hippocratic Oath he has taken. In the 1960s, the Hippocratic Oath was changed to "utmost respect for human life from its beginning", also known as "Declaration of Geneva" making it a more secular concept, not to be taken in the presence of God, but before people. Doctor John Kastrup does not adhere to or is one of the 2% out of 98% of American medical students whom swear to some form of oath.1st Doctor John Kastrup disregarded his oath to "Accountability" and I blame Doctor John Kastrup for my continued pain, suffering and disability I continue to agonize form today.2nd Doctor John Kastrup disregarded his oath to "Covenant with Patients", this is the physician's pledge to use their best ability and judgment. Doctor John Kastrup not only did not treat me but refused to confirm injury so I might continue to work but under some restrictions to avoid further injury. His staff was supposed to counsel me in treatment exercises but instead shuffled me out the door without any council.  3rd Doctor John Kastrup disregarded his oath to "Justice", where the the physician is swearing that they will avoid any voluntary act of impropriety or corruption. While I was being led to the x-ray room a nurse came up to Doctor John Kastrup and advised him that he should read a special note on my patient referral. When I returned from the x-ray Doctor John Kastrup was very abrupt, hurried and denied replying to any of my questions or request. It was plan to see that Doctor John Kastrup was discerningly selective regarding what service he selected to provide for me discriminating against the type of insurance I had.4th Doctor John Kastrup disregarded his oath of "Appropriate Ends", that a doctor is to do what is best for the patient, rather than what is best for the physician. This tail-ends on Doctor John Kastrup disregarded his oath to "Justice", where he sent me out of his office suffering and unable to find gainful employment within the scope of restrictions because of my injury. I blame Doctor John Kastrup and The Nevada Orthopedic & Spine Center located at 1505 Wigwam Parkway, Suite #330 in Henderson Nevada for my continued pain, suffering and disability I continue to agonize form today. I blame Doctor John Kastrup and The Nevada Orthopedic & Spine Center are nothing more than a rotating "Five N Dime" center dedicated to sucking up money and denying any ethics to medical oath they swore.
1	Horrible staff. Wendy was most unhelpful told me that dr. Lee has no other associates that can help me and that he is in surgery. I asked for a refill on my  prescription she said that they will discuss it on my appointment on Thursday. I let her know how incredibly unhelpful she was and she said thank you. Dr. Doesn't care about his patients he just sends them to physical therapy and doesn't work on solving the problems. I can't afford an MRI so there for he can't move on with any other treatments or diagnosis. So I'm in pain and in limbo of what he should do with me basically. It's unreal that no one with back problems can identify or care because it's not then feeling the pain.
