5	awesome customer service- rented a new rv everything went great :)))
5	I have rented from RV rental outlet every Thanksgiving for the last 4 years. Every time I rent the staff has been great! The last 3 times I dealt with Jaimie, now she remembers me anytime I call and treats me like a friend. The fist rental I had was a small trailer, then the next two times were a Sunseeker motor home, and this last time I tried a big full size motor home. Every time we have rented, we had no complaints about the rv's, they seem well maintained.  Overall a great experience that my family looks forward to every year!
5	We just got back from our trip to CA and everything went great.  We really appreciate the personalized service we received and the large selections of motor homes to choose from.  I would definitely recommend using RV Rental Outlet.
1	We were looking at the little tear drop "Five-Wide" trailer. A friend has one and we covet it every time we see it.  We found one on RV Rental Outlet's website and after three calls connected with someone to talk to.  The price on the web is $165/weekend, but the online booking tool calculates it as $165/night.  The very pleasant person on the phone quotes the price of $165 for the weekend but added a $29 "prep" fee.  And of course tax.  The prep fee is not optional, so the real price is $195.   This deceptive pricing infuriates me; if they lie in their advertising, what else do they lie about? We won't be renting or buying from this outfit.
1	We had a very unpleasant experience renting from RV Rental Outlet in the spring of this year.  We chose this place as they were one of the few that had smaller trailers for rent.  When we got to our first night's destination (about 15 minutes away), we realized that the awning did not work (90 degrees plus weather),  the table was broken and not usable, the fresh water connection had a major leak due to a missing washer, the dumping hose provided in the unit had a collar pulled loose from the connection.   To their credit, a technician was sent out within a few hours but he wasn't able to rectify the awning issue.  The next day we called the outlet and it was insinuated that we had done something to damage the awning on our 15 minute drive to our destination via city streets.   This really ticked us off; they didn't want to accept any responsibility.  The awning couldn't be fixed so we proceeded on our trip and found these additional deficiences:  1)  no radio as advertised  2) leaking faucets and broken shelves  3) filthy cutting boards  4) wrong size spare tire requiring an additional trip back to the agency  5)  clean water hose and dirty water hose stored in the same bag/ very unsanitary.   We've rented units before and have never had issues such as these.  Also to their credit, they did give us one day's rent reimbursement for the hours we had to spend waiting for several techs to come out plus driving back to the agency for the correct spare tire.  For that, we're giving them one star.   We're thankful we didn't have any issues that compromised our safety but we would not rent from them again.
3	The coach we had was nice and clean when we picked it up and drove well.  Once we started camping however we had issues with the electrical systems and had to spend some time working with RV Outlet to get it resolved.  Ultimaley they sent out a local repairman who replaced the batteries and that resolved most of the issues.  There were still a few electrical issues that we were able to work through and completed our trip.Once we returned the RV they offered to comp a couple days and waive the mileage overage, which I thought was huge.  I understand things will go wrong sometimes, it is how you respond to them.
5	We rented a towable for this past vacation.  The team at RV Rental Outlet made sure everything was hooked up properly prior to leaving and showed me how to work all the features of the trailer.  While camping with the trailer everything worked perfectly just as it had in Mesa before we left.Thanks and we will be back.
4	Never rented an RV before - took a bet on RV Rental Outlet.  If you do, ask for Lance.  He was excellent from start to finish.  Walked me through the booking process easily enough, recommended the right additional options and helped me sign anything I'd missed [in advance] on the day of the rental.  Actual RV was as described at time of booking (pretty new and in great condition).  Good walk-through from Tim (I think) before driving off.  No issues in 500 mile journey - everything worked fine.  Lance inspected and closed out paperwork quickly on return.  I'd definitely use these guys again.
1	Horrible! They made a mistake on our reservation and we now are stuck with out an RV for our spring break trip! Don't count on them if your trip is important!
5	I just got back from a long weekend trip. I rented the r pod trailer and it was really good. I have rented others from private and other dealers but this was a great experience. Lance is an absolute pro.  This is hard business to be in considering you can't control all aspects of customers experience due to traveling. Hat's off, great job. Easy check in check out and the RV was great. Minor hiccup on the brake controller but a job well done. Thank you Rob
5	We have rented twice now from RV Rental Outlet.  Both times we have had a great experience with no issues.  The trailer we got was properly outfitted and they gave us a nice walk through of all of the features.  We will definitely rent from them again for our annual camping trip.
5	We rented a Mighty Lite travel trailer over the July 4th week and had a blast.  This was our first time ever renting an RV but Lance made the experience fun and his attention to detail gave us the confidence we needed to venture out.  We had so much fun we have already booked our second excursion and are looking forward to many more in the future.  The customer service that Lance delivers makes this a great company to rent from!
5	Great company with great customer service oriented people.We have rented both motor homes and travel trailers from them. Every time has been an excellent experience.They also sell RV's and service them too.I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS COMPANY!
5	I started my rental process back in February for my trip to Burning Man in August. They were great getting all the paperwork to me I needed for my insurance and contract pages. It was easy to add additional items to my rental, like chairs and coolers, later on after the initial paperwork was done.  Lance specifically was a great resource since I had never driven an RV before or even stayed in one for that matter. It was all very foreign to me, and he helped with tips and advise to make the trip easier. Everything worked great on the RV with no problems. I rented the 29 foot Coachmen. It was perfect for my needs with plenty of storage. They recommended to estimate 1 gal of gas per hour of generator use. I think our actual use came out to about 0.33 or 0.50 gal of gas per hour of generator use.
5	Hi this RV  rental is the best in Arizona. All the stuff is helpful and that is a guy his name is Lance he helped me a lot and he gave me a discount on me RV. Thanks Lance.
5	I have a great experience with RV rental outlet. Their RV is nice and clean and they tried so hard to make your vacation into the best one. It's easy that you can add additional items to your rental, even it's the day before pick up. If you forget some paperwork. No problem. The staff are awesome and helpful. One of them that I highly appreciate is Lance. He is very nice and take you as his true good friend. This is my second time that I rent the RV from them. They are always the top choice. I would say this is the best RV company in the valley!
5	Lance was really a great help, I was able to make the reservation ONLY a couple of hours before I needed the RV. I've rented many RV's in the past and it couldn't be any smoother!I'm definitely coming back
5	Working with RV Rental Outlet and with Lance in particular was an excellent experience!  Our family of four had never rented an RV before so we were a little nervous about this adventure and about the quality of vehicle we would receive.  Lance made the rental process so easy; all done over the phone.  He was also able to make the large, high-end 2015 vehicle we rented very affordable.  The pick up process in Mesa was efficient as was our return, as Lance kindly came in on a Sunday to help us process the vehicle.  The RV we rented was absolutely, perfectly clean with high end finishes throughout.  The kids loved sleeping above the cab and the pillow-top mattress in the main sleeping area was extremely comfortable for the parents.  Storage space was plentiful and everything on the RV was in perfect working condition.  Our family had a very memorable long weekend vacation and we will definitely be renting from Lance and RV Rental Outlet again.
3	We were looking for a gift for person who had recently purchased an RV. Not being an RV owner, we had no idea what to get them. The staff at RV Rental Outlet was very helpful in assisting us. The gift was a success.
5	My family rented a 31' class C RV from RV Rental Outlet over the Christmas holiday, to travel to Kentucky to visit family.  We've never done anything like this before, and I had no idea what to expect.  These guys made it so easy.  Everything worked well, and when I had a rookie question about the propane tank, I texted Lance late one night, and he called me back within minutes to walk me through the process for getting it back up and running.  They gave me a great deal, and made our bucket-list trip a total success.
