4	So no one's reviewed this one yet and I just had to make 2 stops here in a single day sheesh! Once for nail polish and some other make up type goodies. Some V8 to make you straight in the morning is always good too. The second visit was for some first aid supplies my brother is so accident prone poor guy. They had just what he needed even finger splints! The best part about this Walgreen's is the little old lady cashier she is so sweet every time and always says "Come back and visit us again soon" I think that's a rare thing these days!No alcohol at this location and steer clear of their pharmacy they are a pain to say the least, never enough staff and mistakes galore back there but the rest of the store I heart.
3	This is a Wags and as such it fits the profile of being an easy in and out place to stock up on all the goodies you need.  The Pharmacy can be slow but that is pretty much the story chain wide. Minus half star.There is a really sweet woman at the fragrance counter who rocks as do most of the regular cashiers but PRAY you don't need anything at the Photo department.  They have lost rolls of film that my MIL made me take in (who uses film anymore?), they've lost digital online orders...........they are NEVER around!  You stand and stand flailing your arms about and nobody comes!!!  Just kidding.  I stand there........but it's true.  Nobody comes!  For that I deduct one and a half stars.
5	I absolutely love coming to this Walgreens to buy things because everyone is very friendly and helpful. A woman that works there by the name of Toni is very friendly and calls me by name and is always in a good mood!
4	I actually enjoyed my short visit here. The staff was knowledgable of what I was in search for and knew exactly where to set me up. The was very well kept and maintained. The staff was friendly and super helpful. The only ding was the bathroom was out of order. Otherwise, great visit.
2	Scene 1. Wife has surgery and requires pain meds, they are automaticaly sent to Walgreens as they are controlled meds. Scene 2. I go to pick up said script, because I am awesome.Scene 3. I dropp the script off with the douche, temporary RX, and he said "ughh we are a little backed up can you come back tomorrow?" I said No, it is a pain med that she should be taking in about a half hour at most. RX said "uggh ok I will be a rush waiter and will be ready in 20 min." Scene 4 Rx is a dope and never calls me over to get it. After 40 min and several attempts to get his attention, I walk back up and ask Is my script ready yet. Scene 5 Rx said "uggh who is it for?" Looks on the filling station and nope not there, looks in the FILLED waiting to be picked up Not for people waiting or Rush scripts... bingo. If you see they Rx that smells like garlic and may be dumber then a box of rocks... go eleswhere.
