4	It's not a secret. I LOVE subway.Sometimes when I want to "change it up" or go to another location by work, this is the place.The people are friendly - it does get really busy during lunch.  Sometimes what you would think are the front doors or locked - but the other pair of doors around the corner usually facing Fort Apache are always open.  There are a lot more tables to sit at here, but it does make it seem a little bit more crowded.  I get the same Subway quality that I expect from all locations here!
3	Came to this location for the first time today  since I keep hearing about FebruANY. I haven't been to Subway in so long that I pretty much forgot their entire selection of sandwiches, except for the obvious meatball marinara one. I didn't want to hold up the line, so I just ordered the first one that stood out to me, which was the Spicy Italian - pepperoni and salami, topped with cheese. I probably would've ordered something else if I actually took a second to read the description rather than order by picture. I got it on the Monterey Cheddar bread, not toasted, with provolone, cucumbers, green peppers, lettuce, tomatoes, and chipotle southwest sauce. The service was very speedy, just not very friendly or talkative, and I was in and out in about 4 minutes. *Tip (if you care about nutrition facts!)If you look up your sandwich on the Subway website, you can actually pull up a customized nutritional info chart on exactly what you ordered. I almost want to cry looking at mine. My footlong was 1300 calories with 3830mg of sodium! Good thing I've only eaten half so far!
3	Well for a Subway it's about average. Nothing very impressive or terribly bad. The prices are great, I'd give them 5 stars for that. They send me out a sleeve of coupons once a month that has around 20 buy one get one free 6" sandwich offers on it. So if you like a foot long for yourself or want to buy a friend lunch you can treat both of you for about $6, that's a bargain!!The staff was pretty clueless, there was one guy working the counter helping a foreign couple in front of me that English was a second language too. It was taking them quite a while to figure out what to put on the sandwich. Meanwhile one of the other guys was walking around with a broom and pretending to sweep. There were 3 employees working, the 3rd guy was hiding in the back doing who knows what. Finally the only one really working asked the guy with a broom to help me and he didn't even know his name. The guy with the brook through on some gloves (didn't wash his hands first) then made my sandwich with a little extra something to test my immune system I imagine. But oh well, if I can't handle a little dirt & grime I've probably got bigger problems.
1	worst customer service I've ever experienced.  I should have read these reviews before I walked in the door.  Needless to say i left while the useless staff member was cutting the bread (looked like he was in pain just having to do that).
5	I was so glad when they opened this Subway by my house and now even more so that it's 24hrs.  The sandwich makers are usually fast and handle the food properly.  I love it when they label the sandwiches too.  Other Subways don't always do that unless I tell them to.  The wait is never long and they keep it clean inside. They always have an "A" Grade.  Smells like fresh bread inside too! That's always a plus!
4	This is the first time I have been to this Subway. I came in for the $2 - 6 inch sandwich special.  This special (cold cuts or meatball marinara) is on for the whole month of December too.  It was very quite inside. I didn't have to wait in line, so I was in and out in about 3 minutes.  The guy that served me was pleasant and I definitely will be back.  Complete the survey online and the next time you visit you will get a free cookie.
4	This is a good subway! Just like any other one. But the employees are nice and helpful.
