4	Stopped in today for the second and I'm super impressed with this store.  Definitely the best aquarium shop in Madison.  More livestock than tanks/equipment, but their fish always seem quite healthy and happy.  So far I've only bought plants from here, but will am looking forward to purchasing fish soon!
1	After getting screwed over by a big box fish store we decided to try living art. Local isn't always better. The guy sold us a sick fish. As we were about to buy him he said, "wait a minute, does he have ick? Naw that's just his coloration." Less then 24hours later the fish was dead. We thought for sure wemd get our money back. They guy told us he couldn't give us a refund until he checked our water quality. So we came back the next day with a water sample, (three times in one week traveling across town) he told us he could not refund it because the nitrates were slightly elevated. In my personal opinion they were elevated because of the dead fish floating around in the tank. And all of my other fish survived after ick treatment I bought at a different store. Don't buy fish from here, these guys will sell you sick fish and not even refund you after the fact.
5	I have kept aquariums for more than 20 year and this is, by far, my favorite place to buy fish in Madison.  The staff I have dealt with have all been very knowledgable and helpful.  I have tried shopping at other stores in town and some of the poor advice I have been given is laughable - young kids that don't know their stuff giving bad advice.  Terrible in my opinion to have anybody selling live animals that don't know the proper ways to care for them or understand the way to have a healthy aquarium - must understand the nitrogen cycle and should educate customers on this as well!  Number one reason for fish death...poor tank conditions.  I find it to be a good move on Living Art's part to require a water quality test before giving a refund and potentially sending more fish to the same fate.  I know many people feel fish are disposable pets, but not the right way to treat any living animal in my opinion and I respect the store for caring about the fish they sell.Living Art Aquarium has the best selection of fish in town too.  If you want something a little different and not the run of the mill tetras, guppies, etc, this is the place to go.  I don't shop anywhere else for my fish and don't be fooled by some of the other reviews...for sure the best place in Madison!
5	This place is awesome period. Great selection of healthy fresh and saltwater fish species. They know their fish here, and dont upsell you on some bullshit. Do yourself a favor and listen to what they tell you because it will likely end up saving you money or a dead fish. Really nice employees as well. Stop in and say hi to Frodo. (JK Cody)
4	Just wanted to give a shout-out to this place.  Went last week and had a great experience.  I was on the market for a betta fish, and the lady who helped me was incredibly helpful and enthusiastic.  All the fish there were beautiful and lively-looking (unlike the betta fish I saw at Petsmart, many of which looked like they were about ready to keel over).  I would recommend!
5	Hands down the best fish guys in Madison.  It's a small shop, but they always have some interesting stock and the tanks are always immaculately clean.  They give reasonable compensation for trade-ins.  When I was out of the country and my fire eel came down with ich  [wow, that sounds like some kind of disgusting sexual innuendo.  I assure you that it is not] they talked my wife through it even though they weren't getting a penny out of it.  Nice guys who care about their fish.  The prices are a bit high, but so is the quality.
5	This place is really cool. I can't say enough good stuff about it. I just started my first fish tank ever about three weeks ago. The staff answered all of my questions and provided a lot of guidance during the set up phase. So far, I have purchased four fish, some red legged hermit crabs, live rock and an anemone all of which are doing fantastic.
