5	Wonderful big old converted stable, with a log fire in winter. Excellent bar food, and good banter from staff. Love it.
4	Nice bar tucked away from the masses , busy with walkers and people after a good quality meal. Food is generally good with big portions , serves variety of wines as well as good choice of beers etc. Safe place for families as bar is in a courtyard area. Look out for the hairy spiders which appear now and then.
4	When The Man and I moved to our new house, we were a bit bummed to note that there didn't seem to be any good locals in our area.  One day on the bus, however, I noticed a big Deuchars sign saying "Stable Bar, next left"So, one evening when we were visiting the incredibly awesome garden center, we decided to head down the lane to see what this place was like.I think it's important to say that within minutes of leaving the main road, you feel like you're in the countryside.  Seriously, all you see are the hills and various sign postings for local walks.  THEN you pass the Highland Coos.  Seriously, there is a field with two coos in it on the way to the pub.  How cool is that?  When you get to the pub itself, you see rabbits exploring all around you, and horses in the field next to it.  It's probably important to mention that I live IN Edinburgh, not in some random rural place where this would all make sense.  The pub itself is in a beautiful old building with a very large beer garden out front.  It was ideal for that one balmy evening we had a while back.  We headed in to get a couple of pints to enjoy as we sat outside, and were greeted by the quintessentially cheeky/gruff bartender who had quite the twinkle in his eye and and was SO up for a laugh.  The waitress was also very friendly, efficient, and good for a laugh.  Our food was completely standard pub fare.  My fish and chips were good but not excellent, as was The Man's dish.  But, you don't exactly go to the Stable Bar expecting a gourmet meal, just something to fill your belly while you enjoy a good pint in attractive surroundings.  In addition to the large beer garden, the pub boasts a large fireplace which must make it wonderfully cozy in the winter.  I'll report back when I know.
4	Location is a real advantage, nice park around, perfect for afternoon walk. Inside is cosy and warm. Burning wooden logs in the fireplace gives this place real charm and character.
