4	This is the second location of Pancake Cafe in the Madison area. Having been a fan of the Fitchburg location (and not a fan of the long weekend wait for a table, or the drive out to Fitchburg), I was happy to see this location open near my place a few weeks ago. I went for an "early" weekday breakfast this morning. It doesn't re-invent the wheel, but it's a good place to get a decent breakfast or lunch at a good value, and the service is excellent.The decor is fairly standard, and not too cluttered, without appearing too institutional. One nice subtle touch is the booths on the right side of the restaurant - the backs are shaped like bread slices. The padding makes this area quite comfortable. There are also tables and chairs in this area. The booths on the left are beautiful hardwood, but appear less comfortable. There is a diner counter, with the unusual feature of seating on both sides, which is a good idea since our server says that it's already seeing steady-to-high traffic on the weekends. There is a comfortable-looking waiting area for busy days, with some comfortable chairs. This morning when my companion and I arrived, there were two fresh copies of the State Journal on the diner counter for patrons to peruse, which is always a plus in my book for a diner. The floor is carpeted and the ceiling has particleboard panels, which do well to dampen extraneous noise (always good to know when considering whether to take my nearly-deaf grandmother somewhere). Overhead lighting is fluorescent; not the best for a romantic date, but useful when you're trying to wake up. There are a few flat-screen TVs in the place, showing news and ESPN. I only saw one unisex/handicap-accessible bathroom - not a problem on a slow morning, but I could imagine a line forming quickly on a weekend. Everything was extraordinarily clean, and workers who weren't busy with customers were keeping busy by doing general cleaning/maintenance - always a good sign.The service was fantastic and detail-oriented. Our server was conversational, cheerful, and very attentive. I can't speak to whether the service is as great when it's busier on weekends, but it was excellent on this slow morning. Our server instantly escorted us to our choice of seating and took our drink orders as soon as we sat down. My companion ordered the fresh-squeezed orange juice, which he quite enjoyed. I ordered coffee; our server made sure to ask if I wanted cream, and remembered to bring it out with the coffee. Our server instantly endeared himself to me by bringing an entire, large insulated pot to the table and leaving it with me, in addition to my first filled cup (with room for cream). The coffee stayed piping hot until the end of our meal, and it was great being able to fill my mug at my own leisure. A pet peeve of mine at diners is the constant "refreshing" of a half-empty mug - I don't like servers messing with my coffee/cream/sweetener ratios - so this was really appreciated. Since this was between 7 and 9 a.m. on a weekday, we were able to order from the early bird special menu, which was a great deal. I ordered the sausage & eggs, and my companion ordered their "signature" apple pancake. Though the menu only mentions sausage links, the server gave me an option between links and patties; I chose the latter and they were flavorful. I ordered my eggs scrambled dry (I hate runny eggs - I know, I know, it makes me a terrible foodie, but they have the consistency of snot to me), and they came out dry without being burnt. They came with a large side of well-seasoned hash browns and a side of either toast or pancakes; I ordered the rye toast, which came pre-buttered and with two types of pre-packaged jam. I was able to arrange this to my liking in a breakfast sandwich, although I was completely full after eating only half the food. Two breakfasts for 7 bucks is great! I should mention that you should taste your food before seasoning it. I *love* salt and habitually add it before tasting my food, but I shouldn't have done that as it likely had the right amount when it hit the table. If you're on a low-salt diet, consider requesting no added salt. My companion's apple pancake was delicious and rich; he finished it but said it could easily be split between two people, as their menu notes. Our server took care of to-go boxes and our check for us, though he also gave us the nice option of paying up front whenever we were done, in case we wanted to linger over the coffee and newspaper.All in all, this was a solid standard breakfast and excellent for a great price. I look forward to returning and trying more of their menu, especially their new item, the egg & spinach naan. It's a nice nod to the heavily Indian-American population of our neighborhood, and it sounds delicious.
1	This was by far the worst breakfast I've ever had. The pancakes are leathery and tasteless. I ordered blueberry pancakes and I was able to dig out 2 blueberries per pancake. The scrambled eggs were awful, they didn't even taste like eggs and were bland like the rest of the food. My husband's corned beef hash was so salty he could barely eat it. The hash browns were ok. Overall, I would not go back because the quality of food is mediocre for the price.
2	If one is lucky, the trajectory of a new restaurant goes from "has promise, but needs to work on several aspects" to "everything is running smoothly, I enjoy coming here." After having returned to Pancake Cafe, I have to say that the restaurant is going in reverse. On this occasion, I arrived with a companion on a Saturday at about 1 p.m., after the earlier brunch rush. There were maybe 15 customers inside, and I saw our first bad omen: a group of customers who disliked their food so much that a manager was attempting to calculate a refund for them.When we walked in, we weren't greeted at all, and there was no host(ess) present, so we took a seat and waited. After the manager put out a few (metaphorical) fires in the place, we were seated at a booth... after passing another booth that had clearly contained a family with young children. The floor of that booth was covered in partially-chewed food and utensils. Not the most appetizing thing to see when you're about to start eating. Our server brought out mugs of coffee for us - I guess that pot of coffee the server gave me on my first visit wasn't standard protocol. The half and half separated in the coffee, with some unappetizing oily beads floating on the surface. Getting our server to refill our mugs required herculean effort - we were completely unable to get her attention, and only got them refilled when she came with the check. Meanwhile, we were watching more problems play out at the register. Apparently all of their computers and credit card readers had ceased working. Customers who didn't have cash were just being comped their meals, whereas those of us who had brought cash were not. I'm not saying I just expected a free breakfast, but it's naturally bothersome when someone who ate the same breakfast as you did gets to skip out on the check due to having no cash, so to speak. I've seen this happen in other restaurants, and they always have a backup plan. There are even credit card reader programs for cell phones, and I was a bit surprised that they had NO back-up system. They could have even written down card numbers to run for the bill amounts later, but this did not occur to them.Just about the only thing that wasn't a problem was the food. I ordered the egg and spinach naan. While it was in a menu category stating that it came with hash browns and a biscuit, toast, or pancakes, the server informed me (after I'd ordered the side I preferred) that it didn't come with toast or pancakes because of the presence of naan. Okay, would have been nice to know before I ordered (seriously, a small note on the item description would suffice), but I shrugged and went ahead with it anyway. When the food came, I learned that hash browns were apparently not included either - something ELSE that should be noted on the menu. This place isn't exactly the best deal when not ordering off the early bird special menu, and I doubt I'd pay that much for this meal, given the number of things the menu promised that were not included. The naan wasn't really naan at all. True naan is an excellent mix of crispy and chewy, cooked in a tandoori oven with little air pockets throughout. This was just flatbread, and not so much chewy as tough. It was quite difficult to cut. The eggs, spinach, and bacon were prepared correctly, and either the bread or the spinach had a delicious garlic flavor that vastly improved the entire dish. My companion ordered the huevos rancheros, and found them to be surprisingly tasty, though he was unable to taste any refried beans on the plate (though they were in the item description). It was a generous portion, enough for him to take home for another full breakfast. I really hope that this location gets its act together; it's in such a convenient location, and its parent restaurant is so good!
4	Glad to see them open a 2nd location so I don't have to drive out to Fitchburg.  Lots of food - bacon omelet was good but I wish the bacon was just a touch thinner.  I prefer crispy bacon and this is too thick to be crispy.  Food came out quickly, but then servers were out of sight - never was asked if I needed anything else, if everything was okay, etc.  I waited almost 10 minutes for the requested take-home box.  I was surprised - I'd have thought they'd have their act together since this is a second location.Lots of wasted space and hostess station/cashier is hidden if you come in the right hand door - people were coming in while I was there and standing around not knowing what to do.  Post a sign or designate one entrance.
4	I didn't like the first dish I tried, but the second time I ordered chocolate crepes. My order came with three big crepes, full of chocolate and garnished with strawberry slices. Two thumbs way up.
5	This place is awesome.  You get a whole pot of coffee when you order coffee that stays hot throughout your meal.  The portions are huge and fresh.  We got a fruit medley that was amazingly good and fresh.  The omelettes are baked and arrive nice and fluffy at your table.I like this location on Gammon Rd., it is more convenient for me.  They are also open all afternoon and evening so you can get breakfast until 9 pm.  They place is nice and clean if a little sparse, but the tables are also not squeezed in, so you don't feel overly crowded.
3	Good brunch. I'd probably choose like 10 places downtown before going out to the west side though. The bacon is great and the staff is nice.
1	Five stars for food. The sole reason for one star is the unappealing glaring cold fluorescent lighting in this place. My garage has a classier warm feeling!
1	My husband and I had breakfast here a few weeks ago.  The restaurant is clean and new.  No one was around to greet us and several patrons stood around waiting.  Once seated the service was OK at best.  The food was not edible.  I ordered pancakes, eggs, sausage with a side of white toast.  The eggs were runny, the sausage was not cooked through, the toast was not toasted at all.  With a name like the "Pancake Cafe" you would think that they would have real maple syrup, but "NO" the syrup tasted like sugar water w/ food coloring.  My husband meal was OK, but nothing to rave about. We live relatively close to this place and looked forward to a nice family place to have breakfast, but we will not be returning.
5	Love the pancakes and omelet here . Adolfo is awesome waiter!!!
4	Loved their waffles and kona coffee. Service was awesome.
2	This location is surprisingly different than the Fitchburg location. The coffee tastes different as well as the food. I didn't like the tableware as it looked like it hadn't been thoroughly washed at all. If anything I'd recommend users to stick to the Fitchburg location. I am very disappointed in Pancake Cafe for opening a secondary location and not representing themselves in a good way at all.
3	Visited this morning on a whim, after hearing mixed reviews.  However, after eating here, i believe those reviews to be slightly in error.  Granted, the decor is quite bland and could use a definitely remodel.  The food however, was pretty good.  Three out of the four of us got breakfast omelets, and everyone seemed to enjoy their food.  Omelets were big and fluffy, with plenty of ingredients.  Sides were good, and the bacon was super thick and tasty.  Additionally, our waiter was quite friendly, attentive, and professional.I was pretty surprised to see a Chicago Style Italian Beef on the menu, and as a self declared italian beef connoisseur, had to give it a shot.  Was actually pretty decent, albeit a little skimpy on the meat.I probably wouldn't go out of my way for this place, but would eat here again if in the area and looking for good food at a good price.
1	Ate here after looking for a breakfast place around Madison. It was in a strip mall but sometimes location doesn't matter for a good meal. This was NOT the case here.From the second we walked in and saw the FILTHY carpeting plus  the the two female hostesses with long, stringy hair and dirty clothes, we should have walked out. We stayed unfortunately and the waiter was dismal and rude. We wanted to order right away but he said, "No, i will get you drink order first." When we all just wanted water, he still refused to take our food order. After bringing us the water, then he took the order. Never experienced that ever before in a restaurant. Usually the wait staff cheerfully says, "Oh you're all ready, sure, I can take your order." Not this guy.The pancakes were tasteless and horrible. I kept asking myself, why didn't we turn around and walk out immediately? We all had pancakes and I ordered blueberry and he told me they were fresh. These were "fresh" out of the freezer pack they came in. UGH - the food was not good. The place was dirty - sticky tables, filthy carpeting, sent back silverware that was dirty - the other location is supposed to be good in Fitchburg but please do yourself a favor and avoid this place. If you think the pancakes are good here, you have never had a good pancake!
3	Talk about amazingly large portions. I probably could have used 3 hours to try and finished the food. And when we ordered coffee we got full mugs and the thermos. The table placement could be rearranged a little to be more cozy and less open space but overall it is a great place to eat a large breakfast with friends.
1	Ugh. Just, ugh.Avoid eating here. We stood for 4 minutes in an empty restaurant waiting to be sat. Ok, fine, whatever. Got sat, ordered food. I got eggs Benedict he got a teriyaki chicken sandwich. Let's start with him. His sandwich was butchered grilled chicken. Like, the most mangled piece of chicken I've ever seen. I can only assume the "chef" kept cutting into it to make sure it was cooked. Teriyaki was bland and the sandwich itself came with basically nothing on it. Best part, it was on a bun that McDonalds wouldn't even claim as their own.Mine. I could not eat this thing. It was an abortion of eggs and hollandaise. The eggs were sour, like rotten sour. I got all of one bite in before I couldn't even. I'm sure that one bite is going to make me suffer later too. Service was good all things considered, but dear god, why would you eat here?
4	Pancake cafe has just about the best omelettes I've ever had.  Light & fluffy, with very flavorful vegetables and the right balance of cheese.  I also tried the sausage patty and it was delicious.  Fresh squeezed OJ, good ambience all around.  I'm a fan!
3	This place was exactly what it was supposed to be. Basic breakfast food-omelettes, pancakes, eggs, and all of the usual. The corned beef was surprisingly awesome! Actually tasted like corned beef which is not always the case. Apparently they make it fresh in house every day. The rest... take it or leave it. The service was good and it's definitely a good place for families!
3	So my sister prefaced our visit with a, "so when we get inside, it's going to look really weird and dumpy, but the food is really good". I'd say it was a super accurate description. The interior tries to be nice and bright with some yellow paint on the walls. They got into the holiday spirit with a tree and pictures wrapped like presents on the wall but it still just didn't feel like it was tied together. Our server was super soft spoken to the point where we actually wondered if she said anything. We still received decent service it was just more the silent type.Food was great. Their pancakes are fantastic and accompany the omelettes if you choose to order that. I ordered a bacon cheese omelette and was pleased with it. The environment and lack of verbal communication causes this review to lose a couple stars, but the food is good.
