3	The machines In the exhibit are amazingly well done and great to see made instead of just Leonardo's drawings..However, the exhibit has problems. In an attempt to make it "elegant", the lighting has been dimmed, and the wording on the individual exhibits was made small; too small for a dimly lit area and older guests. So, if you go, make sure you wear your glasses -- bifocals if you have them.The staff said it was being corrected, but the video projector showing the short documentary about Leonardo's 'The Last Supper' had a vertical shake to it. Also, at least half the people were sitting on the floor to watch it. A few benches would have been a welcome addition.I also had difficulty finding the exhibit. Not one of the three employees I asked knew where it was. It is right by the hotel registration desks, so follow those signs.All in al, not a bad exhibit, but not worth the $27 it cost to get in.
2	Leonardo Da Vinci - Genius.   Me - Not so much.Clearly, I am not a mastermind like Da Vinci because I actually paid for the Da Vinci - The Genius exhibition at the Venetian Hotel's Imagine Exhibitions Gallery. Olivia and I thought we were getting a deal, but even with a $5 coupon (from those little "welcome suckers...I mean tourists" booklets in all the taxis) the discounted $22 per person simply isn't worth it.The 20 minutes it takes to walk through the display slowly while reading each description means you are paying more than a $1 a minute. So, what exciting DaVinci artifacts do you see for that rate? None. Like most things in Vegas, the exhibits are just replicas or small versions of the real thing.The exhibition has two narrow rooms with the first detailing the timeline of historical events during Da Vinci's life and then exhibiting modern replicas based on some of his drawings. Many of the exhibits are hands on, so, be ready to touch and play. Da Vinci was a true genius and this portion makes it very clear.The second room has a large wall projection of the Mona Lisa and a list of secret facts uncovered during an HD image capture of the famous artwork a few years ago. Is it cool to see sections of the Mona Lisa highlighted and oddities pointed out? Sure. Is it nice to see what the painting probably looked like before age faded her beauty? Sure. Is it worth $27 (or just $22)? No, it isn't. The last part of the final room has a large wall projection video of DaVinci's Last Supper painting. It was short and didn't offer any new insight. It seemed to be experiencing technical difficulties with playback and color when we went through.Everyone should admire, celebrate, and respect the life and creativity of Da Vinci. His impact as an inventor, artist, architect, engineer, and true renaissance man is probably unparalleled. My advice is to do so, but just not at the Venetian Hotel Imagine Exhibtions Gallery unless you are super bored with everything else Vegas has to offer for fun, entertainment, or relaxation. I'm not sure if Da Vinci was the first to say "There's a sucker born every minute.", but he probably was. Don't be that sucker by forking over cash for the Da Vinci - The Genius exhibit.
3	I just got back from the DaVinci Exhibit at the Venetian. $22 as I am a local. I have rated it 3 stars because if you truly love Da Vinci as I do, you will think the exhibit is A-OK. I could have rated it 2 stars because frankly I have seen way better exhibits, like in Chicago for example. There are two major draw backs 1.) It is a reading exhibit, therefor a bit difficult to "get into" when others around you are talking. In fact, I just gave up and looked at titles & items and figured I would wiki for more info when I got home. Headsets would have gone a long way here.2.) The Exhibit is quite small, and focuses 95% on his inventions & 5% on his art. I knew it highlighted his inventions but thought they would have had a bit more on his art.On the positive there were a couple of good surprises at the Exhibit which both intrigue and delight.So now even more than ever, I rate Leonardo Da Vinci as one of the top 3 persons, alive or dead, whom I would like to meet.... for Supper.
2	This place would be hard to find if it wasn't for the first Yelp review & even then a little confusing where to buy your tickets. The "box office" is in the little room housing the Da Vinci gift shop. Go to the counter & buy your ticket. I thought it was intrusive to be asking for I.D. & even then the guy still managed to spell my name wrong. At least  if I get junk mail i'll know where it came from. So thanks, I guess.Before you go in they make you take souvenir pictures behind a green screen. I wouldn't know how mines turned out because they never bothered to show me when I exited. JUST SAY NO if your not into that kind of thing. I was caught off guard so I didn't have a choice.I used the coupon & paid $22. I don't think it was worth it & if they had headsets then I'll say maybe. I went late in the day as I was trying to cram as much as I could during my stay. So by then I was too tired to read all the stuff & my eyes just glazed over all the historical information.If your interested in mechanical engineering or into the science of how things work then perhaps you'll appreciate it.I did enjoy the Mona Lisa section, particularly the 25 things they uncovered from the super high resolution picture they took of the actual painting. And the projection of The Last Supper was not bad either.Overall rating is two and a half stars.
3	The exhibit itself is wonderful.  Da Vinci was a super genius.  The machines and the artwork are well presented and fascinating.  So why only three stars?  1)  The price.  This was NOT worth $22.00.  The exhibit is small.  2) With such a high price they don't need to do that cheesy green screen photo thing that so many tourist attractions do.  At least they didn't give me a hassle when I declined to get my photo taken.  So if you go, go because you really admire Da Vinci.  If you have a passing curiosity then just pass this one by.  It's just too damn expensive.
4	I enjoyed my visit to the Da Vinci exhibit yesterday.  There is a lot of reading to do and at first I thought the models might have been made by Da Vinci.  I quickly realized that they were models based on his many drawings.  Nevertheless, I was amazed by the genius of this man.I started the exhibit with the Last Supper video that shows the restoration done and how it was messed up by earlier restorations.  Then on to see many models of the weapons Da Vinci drew including the world's first armed tank.  Next came the fascinating section on the Mona Lisa, La Joconde.  The separate sets of photos of the yes, the hands, that smile--all of them made my understanding of this painting so much more than I ever imagined.Finally, I went to the section on his flying machines and worked some of the "please touch" machines.  The exhibit ends with a sculpture of Da Vinci's--the only surviving sculpture of his.  It was made from a beeswax created by Da Vinci that has survived for about 500 years.  The exhibit it a bit pricey being $22 with the locals discount.  It is a small space, but I am so glad it's being used instead of sitting empty.  I really enjoyed my visit!
3	I bought a Groupon for a $23 admission, which includes a free green-screen photo (really cheesy - I feel bad for the photographer -- what are you doing with your life) and 20% discount from their gift store (avoid -- everything's overpriced).However, I am a lifelong fan of learning something new, so be it small or big, this exhibit features information about Leonardo da Vinci that the average person wouldn't know about. It went in-depth about The Last Supper, the Mona Lisa and featured many life-sized models of da Vinci's inventions. A lot of his ideas can be seen today in modern times.The exhibit is definitely worth the Groupon, but I would skip it if you have to pay full price.
2	Art is good.  This however, was just okay.This used to be the Guggenheim space, and then I loved it. I saw some truly breathtaking art but when it closed and now at the Da Vinci show, it was just okay. Small, a little depressing somehow, it just didn't work for me in comparison to the other options to see art in Vegas.As mentioned in other reviews, the green screen pictures they take as you go in (or out depending on the line) are cheesy and they were having a hard time getting the technology to work, and then couldn't find our photo. In the end, for another $20 or more, I didn't get it and didn't feel sad about that at all.I'd go if the exhibit is something you're REALLY into, otherwise, I'd skip this one.
4	Da Vinci - The Genius Exhibit:  Bucking the trend again.  A ton of poor reviews and I think different.  Let me start by thanking Vanessa V. for giving me the heads up that this exhibit was ending today. I knew about this exhibit back in September 2012, but took it for granted that it will always be here.  Then I read the reviews and thought, probably not worth the trip.  But after hearing from Vanessa that it was a must see and ending on 1/27/2013, I had to make a stop and glad I did.  Cristina P. happened to be free and decided to come with.The biggest issue with everyone is the hefty $27 price or $22 if you're local. I've also learned that when you live in Vegas, it also doesn't hurt to ask if there's a special price for special locals.  If my charm didn't work, the worse that can happen is that I pay $22 each for me and Cristina P.  The cashier told me that she would make it $10 and I was stoked.  I was about to enter Da Vinci the Genius, but felt like Mel the Genius.  Didn't matter now how good or bad the exhibit was, I felt like I just made money because I paid only $10 per person. Score!!The exhibit is small and the entrance starts with highlights of Da Vinci's birth to death.  The rooms are separated into his inventions, ideas, the Last Supper, and the Mona Lisa.  Da Vinci's ideas ranged from tools, weapons, inventions, a scuba suit, and even a robot (yes, he was that far ahead of his time).  My favorite had to be the short film on the "Last Supper", the Mona Lisa section, and the mirror room. The mirror room is simply a small room of angled mirrors where everything looks like it goes on and on (Think Bruce Lee of Enter the Dragon). Also in the exhibit, there's a sales person attempting to sell some of Da Vinci's "Horse and Rider" cast molds.  No price is posted and you know what that means.  Means baller price.  I actually entertained the thought of buying one, but think the price of $20,000 per cast mold is $19,900 more than my budget.  Pictures and touching is prohibited, but that didn't stop Cristina P. from snapping a few photos for me to add to Yelp.  Overall, I am a fan of this exhibit. I expected worse after reading the other reviews, but was amazed by the sheer brilliance of Da Vinci.  By the time you read this review, the exhibit will be over.  Maybe in a different location, maybe in another town.  Regardless, at only $10 Da Vinci the Genius was worth it.  PS.  Thanks Vanessa V. for giving me the heads up.  Thank you Cristina P. for putting up with my last minute invites.
4	50 Greatest Photographs of National Geographic Exhibit only in Las Vegas from February 15, 2013 to June 1, 2013.  I became a fan of the Imagine Exhibitions Gallery after going through the Da Vinci Exhibit in late January 2013.  I told myself that I would make an attempt to see every exhibit here moving forward.   As for the exhibit itself, I would say that it's not for everyone.  My teenager accompanied me with this visit and I could tell she was immediately bored.  As for me, I liked the exhibit.  This exhibit is all about National Geographic's most remembered or celebrated photographs stemming 125 years back.  Instead of viewing the photos in a magazine or book, you get the opportunity to see the photos enlarged in a digitally enhanced format.  Most of these photographs were made famous by the sheer beauty and timing of the photo.  At this exhibit, you get the opportunity to read the stories behind every photo.  There is also a few videos played on flat screens explaining the photographs behind the photographer's point of view.  Every photograph in this exhibit can be found online or on the ever so popular iPad App that brought this exhibit to existence.  Nothing is better than the real thing, in my opinion. I would say this exhibit is the next best way to view these famous photographs. I have much respect for museums and art.  To me, photography is an art form in itself. Again, an exhibit like this isn't for everyone.  But it was for me. I am a fan of this exhibit, but that doesn't mean I will be the Duke anytime soon.  It's one of those exhibits where you're satisfied seeing it once.  Keep in mind that this is a self guided exhibit and there's a lot of reading if you choose to read every story behind every photograph. Cost of this exhibit is a bit high at $18 for adults or $15 if you're local.  The exhibit is here until June 1st so there's really no rush.  Besides, there's usually discounts on the last week. PS:  Some of the nicest people working at this exhibit.  From the cashier, to the photographer that took our "Tourist Trap" green screen photo, and to the lovely lady behind the photo register booth...all were very pleasant to me and my daughter.  I didn't get a huge discount going in, but was taken care of on the way out.  Thanks again, you guys are so kind.
3	The exhibit was nice and I think it was worth the $15 I spent. I enjoyed all of the photos and the video that accompanied some of them. I was expecting there to be more explanations on the stories behind the photographs and was told there were going to be "near frames" for the photographs. However, only a few of the photos had the near frames and there were only a few compelling or interesting back stories about the photo's subject - the rest were just the photographer talking about how many days it took him to take the photo or what he was there on assignment for originally. I also found a few typos on the boards, which made me feel like it wasn't a completely professional installation - you would think National Geographic would ensure the grammar and spelling of a traveling exhibit would be correct. However, the photos were really great to look at.The gift shop was seriously lackluster. Another big complaint I have is the staff. When I was waiting on my friends and perusing the small gift shop, one of the staff commented to another that he hopes nobody else comes in after 5:30pm so they could get off work early. Not appropriate to say when a customer (who is just about to come in before 5:30pm) is standing right there. Another staff member was talking on her phone when she took our tickets and even walked briefly into the exhibit after us and looked like she was video taping the exhibit for whoever she was on the phone with. They also left the door to the gift shop open so the loud rock/pop music that was playing in there really ruined the mood of the exhibit.So, improvements I would suggest would be to have more interesting gift shop items and to not hire immature teenagers to work the exhibit. Oh, and fix those typos!
4	50 Greatest Photographs of National Geographic Exhibit only in Las Vegas Prepare to do a lot of reading of rather small text in a very chilly and dark museum. The staff was very friendly and pleasant when I entered and exited the location.There are plenty of discounts on the 18$ admission price: student, senior, child, local, military, AAA, Yelp check in, etc. I would say the price is worth what you get to experience. Yes, there is a lot of information to read, but there are also videos that will explain each photograph in greater detail if you want to sit and watch while the rest of your group peruses the exhibit.
5	50 Greatest Photographs of National Geographic ExhibitI love stories of how things came to be.  Also a fan of great photography and living in the moment...  This has it all rolled into one room...Some of the photos were amazing, but for me, it was the stories of the photos. How people planned for days and worked at getting just the right pic.  Then out of nowhere comes the "money shot"....So prepare to do a lot of reading of small text in a very chilly and dark museum.  However, the friendly staff did warn us of this when we went to buy the tickets...  They just changed the locals price to $14..  still worth it if you love amazing photography.  I would say the price is worth what you get to experience. there are also videos that will explain each photograph in greater detail if you want to sit and watch.  I do recommend taking some time, sitting down to watch the videos while you absorb the experience.
5	50 Greatest Photographs of National Geographic ExhibitThis was my most favorite part of my recent Vegas trip over Vet's weekend. The gallery was set up well so even if several people were looking at the same photo it didn't feel crowded. Benches were set up in front of TVs playing videos of selected photojournalists narrating the story behind the making of their photos. It was a relaxing and cathartic experience to just move at my own pace studying each of the well-chosen photographs.My only teeny-tiny complaint was that I bought a $20 LivingSocial deal to include admission and the price of a souvenir print. I mistakenly assumed that the souvenir print would be of one of the exhibit photos! But no.. the print was of my husband & I posing in front of a green screen then choosing between 5 backgrounds. The silver lining was that some of the photo backgrounds included a collage of the exhibited photos. Of course that wasn't enough to sour what was an amazing great experience!
4	Enjoyed the 50 best photos! Received a deal on groupon which included a free photo and coupon at the bourbon room
4	I came here on the last few days of the 50 Greatest Photographs of National Geographic exhibit. Don't use your $2 Yelp check-in discount if you're local. The local's discount is better.The 50 photographs include Antarctic adventures, camels, dolphins, lions, seals, elephants, baby albatross that swallowed plastic items, Mecca, Middle East, Africa, Muslim women in Indonesia, Jane Goodall and the chimps, gorilla in the Congo, teenagers in Paris - just to name a few. Under each photograph is the story behind it. What was going on in the picture, what the photojournalist was thinking/ trying to accomplish with the photograph. There's a photograph of the drought in Australia that ties art and photojournalism - amazing!But what I was really interested seeing up-close was Steve McCurry's photograph of Sharbat Gula, an Afghani girl who ended up in Pakistan back in the 80's. The girl (wearing a red djellaba ) with the hauntingly fierce green eyes. I remember being a little girl when I first saw that magazine cover and making me think what emotions she had to look that intense. There was anger, fear, hurt and fragileness. It's a picture that would move you. And to see a picture of Gula years later was incredible.I'm pretty amazed at how much info I remembered since I came here after a few drinks and I was falling asleep reading the text under each picture. Still, I enjoyed all the photographs and learning the stories behind them.
1	My husband and I went to the DaVinci exhibit when it first came to the Venetian Hotel and Casino. I left for a while and then it came back. I can not tell you how very disappointed I was to take my son to this. Same your money. I will NEVER advise anyone to go to this exhibit again. The original was bigger, better, more informative. I can not tell you how embarrassed I was when my son and I went in and all I talked about to him was how awesome this exhibit was. You could not give me free tickets with the hopes that I would come back. Bring back the original exhibit.
4	Di Vinci exhibit is awesome! Really interesting and full of amazing information. He was a busy man!I used the Groupon so I got a photo with each of my three tickets but if the deal isn't there anymore, military and locals get in for $23 I think so it's a good hour of some really cool inventions!
3	The da Vinci exhibit was interesting and had some reasonable reproductions.  I wouldn't recommend it for the price though.
2	I went to the da Vinci exhibit with some friends and wasn't really impressed. Here's what you can expect:- Lots of posters with paragraphs of information for you to read- Some copies of paintings hanging on the wall. Some of these are discussed with some detail, others aren't. Also, the quality of these reproductions is poor as you can't see the fine detail or things in shadows. - Some reproductions of da Vinci inventions. Some of these you can play with (turn gears, etc) to see how they work. They aren't made very well though. Explanations on placards aren't too thorough. If you like paying to read information off posters when you could get the same info from a book or the internet have fun. I'd recommend some Kahn Academy videos to get a better understanding of some of his art (Lady with Ermine, Madonna of the Rocks, etc.)My friends loved it however so there ya go.
1	Ridiculously expensive. $27 for something that takes 20 minutes to walkthrough? RIP OFF!
