3	Another chain joins the ranks out in Surprise and I have to say this one is pretty good. Ive been to the one in Mesa and it was lackluster. Though now some time has passed and I went ahead and tried the same things I ordered last time. Double Deluxe Butterburger, Dairyland Cheese Curds and a Chocolate Concrete Shake. The burger was juicy though not really discernible considering the butter angle, but tasty none the less as well as fresh and hot. The cheese curds, well I just wish they were just cheese curds plain, rather than battered and deep fried. The chocolate shake was so thick that the straw was pretty much worthless.. pretty tasty when using a spoon. Advice, drop the fried cheese curds into the chocolate shake and eat that way, better than ranch!! All in all, kind of boring but pretty solid. Next time Id like to try the fried chicken.. crispy and juicy chicken makes me moist every time!!
4	My first thought:  What a strange mix of a menu!There's butterburgers (what they're famous for), fried chicken, fish, tuna melts, cheesesteaks, salads....and then their other claim to fame, the frozen custard.I tried the mushroom swiss burger which was very juicy, and the meat had an interesting texture - moist on the inside, slightly crisp on the outside.  The bun was very buttery.  I tried a little of the chili cheese fries, which were pretty tasty and generous...and also tried some of the cheese curds.  I liked the seasoning on the curds and liked that they used two different cheeses.  They were a ton better than those at A&W in my opinion.Just a warning though, the burgers are so big and filling, there's not a lot of room left in the tummy for sides.  I was SO full.The custard is smooth and silky, and I'm afraid to say Culver's may give Ritters a bit of competition.    You can get a quart for $5.99.  Every other quart you buy after that first one only costs you $3 each.  The price is extremely reasonable.I was interested in the fact that you can get what they call regular sides and premium sides.  Anything from regular fries to sauteed green beans.  I don't think I ever had green beans with a hamburger...Prices are pretty decent, and the staff seems very friendly and motivated.  I didn't see one person just sitting idly.We'll see if this place stands the test of time, I hope the best for them.  So far I'm liking this place far better than the M or the box, especially in terms of service.
4	after seeing them building it for months and reading the menu on their national website we were somewhat intrigued.  from appearances it reminded me of a similar place in the peoria/glendale area http://www.freddysfrozencustard.com/  which seems to adopt the chicago theme.  I found similar offerings at Culvers with the thin steak-burger style stacked burgers, which they call butterburgers, as well as frozen custard served ala DQ blizzard style which were similarly called concrete mixers.I ordered a double mushroom swiss butterburger with cheese curds and a concrete mixer.  I found it interesting that they ask you what condiments you want on every sandwich.  I'm so used to just having the blanks penciled in for me that I was like a dear in headlights.  The food was pretty good, the burger was juicy and satisfying.  the cheese curds were good, I've had better at some bars but not bad for fast food. the custard was good but didn't seem quite on par with some of the other places that offer custard in the area.all in all, it was a satisfying meal, and I would go back
5	I'd give this place 10 stars if I could! It's such a refreshing change from all the norms. The service is always exceptional, the food is fresh and tasty. There is a huge variety, so everyone is happy. They make their own root beer, which they combine with their custard to make a heavenly root beer float. I'd go here hands down, every time, given the alternatives here in Surprise.
4	Better than you average burger place, and a real blast from the midwest.  If you are in surprise, you have a choice that is off the beaten path now!  Enjoy!Good burgers, good shakes, fresh fries.  Yeah, it's good for a repeat visit!
5	I'm from the Midwest, so when I heard that Culver's was coming to AZ I got very excited!!! This is a new location located in Surprise, AZ, and I recently had the chance to go inside and check out the new flat screen TVs and nice employees! The shakes and butter burgers are absolutely amazing. I've visited many times through the drive-thru and there is a little bit of a wait to get your food after you've ordered. Don't forget to check out the cheese curds...they are so yummy!
3	Finally got to this stupid place.  God it is far away.  I got a mushroom swiss burger.  It was okay.  I didn't end up finishing it because it was just sort of overly greasy and was making me sick.  Mushrooms can be cooked without being greasy.  I know they can!The fries were a special kind of terrible.  Crinkle-cut fries are some of my favorites but these just had no flavor.  They needed way more salt.My shake was a cookie dough shake.  It was okay but the cookie dough pieces were too large for the straw and they didn't give me a spoon.  So by the time I was done, I had a cup full of cookie dough.  Definitely get something different if I go again.Ultimately I found the menu to be unorganized, the prices to be a tad high, and the drive-thru to be way too slow.  Just not a very good experience for a place that had a parking lot full of people.  Then again, it's not like they have any options in Surprise.
2	Okay, I was super excited about this place when I finally realized what it was while we were in the drive-through.  I wasn't excited however about their complicated menu.  I did the build your own combo thing and I just wanted a single patty cheeseburger with bacon on it.  I got the cheese curds as a side because... well how could I not.  Fried cheese.  After pulling past the pay window we waited for a good 7-10 minutes for our food.  That was irritating.  I like the whole made-to-order thing, but Jack In the Box manages to do it faster.  I gobbled up all my cheese curds within moments.  Ya, they were really good.  There was a mix of white and yellow cheese in there.  The flavor of them was just delicious.  Unfortunately, my burger was all sorts of wrong.  I opened the wrapping to find a ridiculously misshapen double cheeseburger inside.  I wanted one less patty and some bacon.   I guess that was too much to ask.  Anyway, it looked unappetizing based off of the strangely shaped patties and the fact that it was so greasy I couldn't get my hands to grip it without crap falling out the other end.  I probably wouldn't go back unless I was just getting a snack.  The cheese curds are great, but that's about it.
5	OMG!  I had the caramel cashew frozen custard!  I would give up Fenton's black and tan for this. Yes, you heard me right!  The cashews are bit salted so you get that salt and sweet taste.  This past weekend I went to the a place that served frozen custard in Willow Glen and it didn't EVEN come close.    *Chicken cashew salad - grilled to order chicken, sugar snap peas, grape tomatoes, cucumbers, iceberg lettuce and spring greens.  This THE best fast food salad I ever had.*Fish and chips - It's the BEST fish and chips I every had - even compared to a restaurant!  The batter wasn't thick.  It was light and crispy and not oily.  The fish was soooo juicy and moist.  It wasn't fishy at all.  Tried the Culver's in Phoenix and it wasn't as nearly as good.I can't wait until I go to back !!!!
3	Thought it would be neat to try this place out. Only lived in the area for a short time, but always seen this place very busy. I had a double burger with jalapenos, chipotle sauce and spicy cheese. They called it the triple hot? Something like that? It wasn't to bad, had a decent taste, and a good kick. Daughter had a regular cheese burger and chili cheese fries. Fries were decent and chili was good. Overall we had a good experience, it's not great but it's good. Since we are near by now, I am pretty sure we will eat here again.
4	Best. Onion. Rings. Ever... EVER!!! If I ever get put on death row, my last meal will be a hubcap full of Culver's onion rings. They are just absolutely perfect - light, crispy beer-style batter on thick, hearty slices of sweet onion served piping hot and in large doses. Oh yeah, they have butter burgers too, which are good and greasy, blah blah blah, but the onion rings are to diiiiieee.... which is precisely why I am not allowed near this chain now. My butt is still mad at me for the last batch...
2	Really an ordinary burger , where's the meat on a single? The chili fries were horrible chili paste! The curds were so dry and mostly breading! I have to say I did like the shake so will return for ice cream only! The girl who brought food brought no shakes when I asked her for them she looked like we did not order them then returned with one when I said 2 she had to look on the receipt to be sure I wasn't lying to her! The place was so busy I thought it was going to be good that many people can't be wrong about the burgers can they! What a disappointment I am a big advocate for trying new places but this one does not get my vote!
4	Fantastic food! The custards are great, love the burgers, just tried the "Shaved Prime Rib Sandwich" and loved it! I have only been a handful of times but I really enjoyed it.
1	If you think that this food is great, you need to seriously re-evaluate your burger standards. I was dragged here by my grandmother because she loves this place and my mother, brother and I left with nothing but regret. The burgers here are awful, my chicken sandwich was nothing special, and the fries are G-ross with a capital G. My mom told my brother and I after the fact that the last time that she visited this place she was running to the toilet immediately afterwards, and my brother had the same results after our dining experience. My mom got an earful about not saving us from this place. Seriously, save your money, drive to In-N-Out or something, sure this place has menu variety but that's about the only thing it's got going for it. I feel bad for anyone that is deluded enough to give this place 5 stars because you obviously have no idea what a good burger is.
4	This is 4 stars for a fast food place if that's what your looking for. Burgers good, upgraded sides (cheese curds, onion rings) also good. Frozen custard gets 5 stars, super smooth and creamy - beats Coldstone and most of the yogurt places. What the hey - skip the burger and have ice cream for lunch.
4	Great burger!!!!
5	Fast service. Friendly staff.Great food ... and thats an understatement!
4	Midwest at it's finest. First Culvers I have seen since leaving Iowa. Always good food.
5	WOW! Two thumbs up! I'm a fan! Tried the mushroom swiss burger, cheese curds & a caramel cement mixer. The burger was amazing. You can tell it was cooked over an open flame. Had that wonderful chargrilled taste. The burgers will come plain so if you want extras like lettuce, mayo, etc I'm guessing you would have to ask. Never had I enjoyed a plain burger so much, it doesn't need all that extra stuff if you ask me. The taste of the beef mushrooms & swiss alone was enough to keep me happy. The cheese curds were out of this world! I could eat a vat of the cheese curds. They are a must have when you go. There is also a huge selection of custards, shakes, pies, cakes and other sweets. Just looking at the selection of mix ins could send you into a diabetic coma. The restaurant itself was very clean, including the bathrooms and the staff was super freindly. In fact I was asking my husband what he thought a particularly yummy desert was in the freezer as a staff member was walking by. She happily informed me it was a brownie explosion cake. I would definately go again, in fact I could kick myself for not going sooner. Culvers will be my fast food burger place from now on.
4	Our first time at this establishment was good. The food was excellent and the staff was polite. My daughter and I did enjoy ourselves, and the shake goes home with me..
5	Taste of the mid west! No wonder the heartland is over weight! Lol
3	Long wait, and bland burgers. Decided to check this places out after passing by it 12 dozen times. I was not really impressed with the service, the food, or the atmosphere. The prices were a bit on the high side for a fast food joint as well.
4	They call it a BUTTER burger for a reason..... YUP! It melts in your mouth like butter, lol! The burger was good, but I was torn between the party in my mouth & my terrified arteries crying. This burger is a good splurge. It's on my list of things to eat when I've been really good,,, or really bad, lol! The location is nice. There are bible verses/quotes all over the walls, which took me a bit by surprise. I'm not saying it's good or bad, I'm just mentioning it because it's not something that usually comes with fast food :)
4	Took our friends from California. They wanted to try a place not in California. I had heard about Culvers.. We ordered and the burgers are excellent. Our friends and my family where both very impressed. Service was very.good. This was a place I would uo against any California hamburger jpint!
1	Went with my family on a Friday night out and decided to give culver's a try since I had just won a coupon on their Facebook site for a free fish sandwich. We waited for 20 minutes in line and then come to find out the manager refuses to accept it as a coupon. He gives a made up excuse that they aren't a participating store and laughs in my face. Of all people you would think the manager would know how to treat customers with respect and kindness. We left after publicly being humiliated and went to sonic for dinner instead. I hope culver's corporate learns how to better train their managers in customer service because the surprise store sure needs the help.
1	Ok so I thought I would give the place a try... Got a double Swiss mushroom burger , onion rings and chocolate shake... Well I went thur the drive thru no one there so I thought I would be in and out pretty quick... The wait time wasn't to bad, got my order and preceded to leave, I stuck my hand in the bag and what do ya know..no onion rings...so now I have to inconvenience myself and go in and get  what should have been there in the first place...So I get to my destination to eat my meal and let's just say I have had a much better burger for the money... I mean no letter, onion, tomato or sauce really???? I payed over $11 dollars for this meal for two hamburger patties and some cheese ???? Really....oh wait there was suppose to be mushrooms on it too but I didn't see much of them either..The onion rings, standard onion rings you could get at burger king...the shake was good but everything else,well not so good ...I won't spend that kind f money on fast food drive thru, I will go to Red Robin where they know how to make a real meal...
3	I'm not a fan of culver's food. Everything that I've ever had has been super greasy and not very tasty. If I'm going to have a super greasy burger, I'll pick 5 guys or in&out everytime over these guys. However, the turtle custard desert is to die for. So it's kind of hard to give this place a rating. I'd say 4-5 stars for dessert, 1-2 stars for the food.
2	Based on one slightly unfair visit due to an unruly 3yr old demanding ice cream. I ordered 'two of those on the picture out the front', meaning the scrumptious looking specimens on the boards before you enter. Unfortunately, the cashier didn't quite know what I meant - my own fault for not being specific I guess......but then what was served-up were two plops of 'frozen' custard (strawberry and chocolate) - there were supposed to be m&m's in both, but we ended up with double in the chocolate - with that much in the pot, it was inedible (nearly broke a tooth), whilst the strawberry version was a tasteless mess. I didn't have time to have a famous burger, and the frozen custard was not really what I was expecting.....Decor was nice for a chain, sport on the tv was a plus. Maybe next time I'll have more time to sample other stuff, and will change the scoring appropriately.
4	Ive been to Culvers alot. My son loves it and the cheese curds are A-mazing! I always felt like it was a bit pricey for "fast food" until I went to five guys... wow! Id pay the extra money for a butter burger anytime! Culvers is way better than any fast food burger place in Surprise hands down and also better than five guys and half the cost. I will never complain about the prices again. The shakes are good. The burgers and fries are good and as I said before.. cheese curds for the Win! :)
5	What can I say, the burgers are fantabulous, the custards are the bomb!
2	For what I got I've experienced better. The bacon double had a weird taste, I think it was the bacon. Taste like it just got finished burning in grease. The buns are soft and buttery, but the condiments they put on there taste awful. The ketchup and mayo almost made me throw up. I love cheese, so their cheese curds are GREAT! The Rasberry cheesecake milkshake was nothing special. I thought it would have pieces of cheese cake in it, but nope!
3	After 2 ice cream treats for the kids and 1 meal I was out $16 large ones.  Glad we decided just to get desert here.  I can say yes the desert is good, but $16 good, I am still in denial on what I spent on desert.  The burgers are good, yet the larger size fries are not for the win.  I totally agree with Zach L.  Desert here 4-5 stars for a fast food place.  Food is 1-2 stars overall.  Plan to have desert here, what is also great about this location is that I can wash my car for $3 next door. :)
3	I don't mind the ol' Culvers. The food is indeed incredibly greasy and unhealthy so those on a diet should completely avoid it, and for others it should DEFINITELY be a very rare treat. However, it tastes pretty good. I myself would rank it above Five Guys, but below In-N-Out. Fries are okayish, but I'm a big fan of their bacon deluxe burger. The place is clean and has a lot of space inside. Has a very high snowbird factor during the winter months, but then again what place this close to Sun City doesn't? Kid loves the cheese butterburger and the fact that with every kids meal you get a free voucher for a scoop of their custard.Went here on the weekend. Service reasonably fast at the counter and they bring the meal out to you. However, this particular time, when I went back to the counter to get the free scoop of custard there was nobody serving. I waited there tapping my foot for about 2 mins or longer before the fry chef behind the rear window called to me to check if I was being attended to. I said no and he said someone would be with me shortly. Servers came and went behind the counter. Eventually a gent who I assumed was the manager on duty strode behind the counter and asked if someone was helping me. I said no and he briefly looked exasperated before he took the order (politely). Placed the order, went back to my table to wait. Five mins later, still no custard (usually it's out in a min or two). Same guy is passing by, and goes "Nobody's brought your custard out yet?!" I said no meekly. He goes "AARGH! I'm so sorry about this!" and strides back to the kitchen area. Comes out seconds later with my custard, apologises for the tardiness and gives me a little token for a free scoop that I can use anytime. Nice gesture. This was a one-off and such things happen - the place certainly isn't as shitapple as the McDonalds a couple hundred yards west - but I must admit I was surprised that nobody was stationed permanently behind the counter. They need to vet their teenagers a little better during the hiring process I'm thinking, and not give the order-takers anything else to do except take orders. Anyway, a solid 3 stars.
5	The food you cannot beat. I drive all the way from california and the first thing i get is a culvers burger cause we don't have culvers in california.  I love the burgers, cheese curds, and shakes!!!!
5	I must say Culver's goes above and beyond for customers. That being said I've witnessed customers abuse the teenagers working there. Last time I was there I saw a grown man yelling at a teen girl who was trying to do everything she could to please this customer. He called her names and yelled and was given free food and a scoop of custard. Shame on you customers who let out your day on these kids working part time jobs busting their butts. I would like to say Tanasia was amazing at being kind, professional, and accommodating. I am just sorry there are jerks who let their day out on these kids.
2	My opinion about Culver's is meh.  Meat for the hamburger was, at least, real meat--but they make it thin.  Everything was fresh but their Butterburger to me was just fair.  I've had alot better for sure.Then I had a 2 scoop cone which is something I never ever do, so you would think I would have been in heaven.  Well, I wasn't.  Not a big fan of their "custard" style fake ice cream made, surely, from a powder. Not much flavor in the vanilla at all, and the cherry chocolate was flavored but the fake ice cream itself is not very good.Would I go back to Culver's ever?  Gawd, I hope not and only in a super starvation pinch would I eat there again. Not a fan here.
5	Can't go wrong with Culver's! Love their food, and menu, their staff is always helpful and nice! :)
4	We come here solely for their custards.  It's delicious and quite caloric.  Did  I say delicious?  Good service, too.  Very polite staff.  The rest of their food is OK.  Probably more like 3 stars but I generally am not a fan of fast food.
4	So I was grumpy! I had to replace a blown tire on a busy morning at a Discount Tire in Surprise AZ where I live..why wait there when I could go next door to Culver's right? The tire rep told me it was awful and he hasn't been there in two years even though he works right next to it, but I needed to know for myself.     So first, I was welcomed by a lovely girl called Casey; whose last day will be today, and she guided me through the multiple options they had available. I settled on the 6 shrimps and one Atlantic cod, fries and coleslaw! I'll make this easy for everyone with a  1-10 scale okay?Shrimps: 7Cod: 6Fries: 8Coleslaw: 9Root beer: 8Tartar sauce: 6Seafood sauce: 6Customer Service: 15     While I was finishing up my new experience, I was brought a free vanilla custard and then offered another custard sundae twenty minutes later....amazing place. They changed my grumpy, to giddy with kindness. Kudos!
5	Pretty good restaurant. I think I liked the root beer there the most. Got the sour dough sandwich and added some thousand island on it and it was pretty amazing. A little heavy on the grease though. My friends sandwich was a lot greasier though. Fries are nothing to write home about. Just basic crinkle cut fries and the onion rings were lack luster too. Got myself a pint of the mint oreo frozen custard to take home and try. Overall has a good atmosphere. Good for large crowds and kids and you are able to really make anything unique and to your liking.
4	If you're looking for a great tasting burger, then this is the place to stop into!  Conveniently located in Surprise with lots of parking.  Restaurant was clean except for some tabletops and small in my opinion (-1).  Staff are welcoming and friendly.  Service is fast.Menu is extensive so take a while to decide what you want!Their burgers are great - tasty, filling, juicy, and cooked to perfection.  They even butter the outside of the bread which makes it even more tastier.  Fries are good - fresh and hot.Their concrete mixers it would seem is their specialty with about 19 flavors from what I counted.  I wouldn't compare it to DQ's Blizzard but it's right up there and it's really tasty.Definitely will be coming back here to try some of the other varieties on the menu including other concrete mixer drinks....so addicting!
5	I haven't had ice cream in months...well, real stuff.  I have had sugar free ice cream but not "the good stuff".  I ate kind of crappy today, so I thought I would let the party continue and get myself a real ice cream.  I stopped by here on my way home from the game.  I ordered a 2 scoop Turtle Sundae.  It was just under $5.00.  Paid the lady my money and they give you a number to take with you and keep on your table.  A few minutes later, they brought out my sundae.  Here is how it was..............Turtle Sundae-  Just by the looks of it, I knew it was going to be fantastic.  This thing was 2 scoops of vanilla custard, caramel sauce, hot fudge, pecans and a cherry on top.  The first I noticed when I dug in were the pecans.  Good lord they hook them up.  Every single bite had a grip of toasted pecans in them.  They were crunchy, salty and flat out delicious.  They don't skimp on them, that's for sure!  The hot fudge and caramel sauce were mixed in well and the custard was cool and creamy.  It was pretty much a perfect sundae.  I was sad when the spoon hit the bottom of the cup.I don't know how often I will be back...I need to get back on the wagon of my low carb plan this week.  Their food options look decent too.  I do know one thing though....  If I ever need a sundae, I know where I'm coming for one.  It's only about 5 miles from my house and I really enjoyed the combo of flavors, especially those pecans...they were the star of the show.  The girls working the counter were friendly too.
1	The management of this restaurant treats it's employees like crap. The food is mediocre at best. The yogurt (or whatever it is) is no where near as good as Dairy Queen.
4	First time here....Kind of like a souped up Dairy Queen from up north. Bacon cheddar Burger was as good a burger as I've had, cooked perfectly and the Custard/ice cream was delicious. Definately a fan of this establishment. Priced right with good service and very clean as well.
1	I normally come here if there's nowhere else to go in surprise. Their intercom in the drive through does not work you basically have to scream and the window girl (Kristen) was extremely rude. Basically throwing out change at us and rushing the drinks out the window my husband almost dropped them. Definatly not worth my time or money anymore. I'll never go here after today. Hate terrible customer service sorry culvers
1	Wow, we stopped there  and it smells like urine, like dirty diapers that have been sitting for a couple of days that need to be thrown out.  I wanted to leave, the person I was with wanted to stay and eat, so we toughed it out.  It wasn't  pleasant at all, it was that nursing home smell mixed with urine.  Gross.   Our food was ok, the fries were nice and hot, very good, the burger was very very thin, pretty sure they don't use real bacon at least that's what it seems like, also very thin.    We ordered some concretes, I have to say I'll never get one of those again, my turtle concrete had pecans and ice cream. I expected it to have caramel and chocolate but there wasn't any at all, nor were there any pecans in the bottom half of the cup, only near the top.   It was like someone put the pecans in, gave it a little stir and served it.  Very disappointing, and certainly nowhere near another place we can the same product, only much better.  $25.00 for the both of us.  A little high for not so great food. I don't think we will visit there anytime soon, especially after the stench we experienced today.
5	So it's the Saturday after Thanksgiving and all through the house  - BURGERS NOT TURKEY we all cried out! This place is close to my Mom's and allowed us an easy way to get some grub to go and allow the cook a day off. We hopped onto the website, made a list (checked it twice) for the 10 of us, and then three of us cruised over to make the order and pickup. OMG. I'm still dreaming of this place. Too bad it's a 5 hour drive....I could REALLY go for another burger from this place! My husband and I both indulged in the Culver's Bacon Deluxe, and everyone ordered a smattering of other burgers plus 8 orders of fries. We avoided the Cheese Curds because it seemed a lot of other reviewers weren't too pleased with them. Oh, there was also an order of onion rings but I didn't get to sample those. Our only "issue" if you will is that we requested all of the burgers be single patties and realized when we got home and unwrapped them all they were double patties - but don't worry - I still CAN'T BELIEVE I ATE THE WHOLE THING. It was SO good!!! I think there was only one in the group who felt his wasn't what we ordered ( hey, we went off of the list) but I was in seventh heaven. The place was more fast food-ish than I had pictured when we first walked in but I don't care, the food was delish and the service was pretty fast. My husband also split his chocolate malt with me which was very, VERY good. I guess I'll just keep dreaming of this burger until my next visit - but thank you Culver's for a delicious "last meal" with the family before we hit the road that day to head home.
