1	I hate to give one star, but even that is generous. I went to see Ghost last night and it was a disaster. To start, they only accept cash at the bar and they don't have a working ATM. Unless you are close to the stage, you're pretty much screwed. There are 3 huge beams obstructing the view of the stage. If you are standing on the 21+ side, there are several obnoxious blinding lights shining down on you, making it even harder to see the stage, also killing any kid of enjoyable atmosphere.Meanwhile in the bathroom, there was one drunk girl passed out on a couch and another throwing up in the stall. Both paper towel machines were broken. The security guards were standing around the bathroom (it's one of those community washrooms), watching me touch up my make-up, giving me thumbs up. Awkward. There was a drunk guy stumbling around bleeding from his face. He was kicked out, but then let back in 20 minutes later. Really? This venue could be great but it is so poorly managed. Needs some work!
5	I went with a girlfriend last night to the pressroom to see fever a burlesque show. Its was their opening night last night for the venue and the show. We had a blast. The show was hilarious and sexy, Kelly the host was so much fun. The show had a few technical hitches but kelly and the dancers handled it like pros, things I'm sure they will work out. The dancer were talented and sexy and put on a fantastic show. Fire dancing, aerials and stripteases were all part of it. It was a sold out performance and when we arrived there were no seats together, the management were so helpful and actually gave up their stage side table to us. The show will be every friday and will change themes too. They do dance classes from the dancer themselves too which sound like fun! Definitely would go back again! As a group it would be fun! I would definitely get central seats so you don't miss a moment of the action.
5	I attended the opening night of The Pressroom & Scandalesque's Fever. Scandalesque was great as usual, and I was impressed with The Pressroom itself. The venue is large but doesn't feel overwhelming, the bars are well-staffed and - finally - a venue with more than 2 ladies' bathroom stalls (no waiting!). The space is flexible and can accommodate aerialist rigging but could be quickly reconfigured for a more traditional club setting. I think it's a promising flex-space for downtown.
5	What a fantastic venue for our downtown Phoenix!  Scandalesque's performance was top notch. Funny, sexy and professional, as usual.  The Pressroom is set up to be versatile, so I can't wait to see what they come up with next!  Great lighting makes the experience top notch.
5	Dan P.  Took in the Feb. 14 opening night festivities at the Pressroom & had a blast! Great to have an open large funky space (could've been in hometown NYC), with additional touches & time will be premier spot in Phoenix for performance, dancing, competitions, dancing...& dancing (without being forced to meld with too many others in the usual cramped spaces). Scandalesque gave great show, terrific dancers & athletes & aint bad lookin (girls & boy), & will be regulars at the location. Visual lines were great for the show, & quick pick up of seats allowed for fab after party with DJ. Will be back, & again!
1	Pressroom?? More like Prom-room...very amateur venue, not what we expected from an old industrial warehouse downtown. Felt like we were in an MTV episode of My Sweet 16, or a 90s teen flick prom scene. Couldn't even wait it out to see one of our favorite bands play. Likes: many choices at the bar, food truck out backDislikes: lighting, decorations, vibe, long wait between acts while playlist of unrelated genre to gigs played, booming club music playing during bands' sound check, bathroom set up, name of venue plastered on multiple screens inside
4	What a great new space for events! And it is right downtown. The Pressroom has only been open a few months. We've all passed this space and it just looked like all the other older buildings around the courthouse area. Not anymore! It is now a beautifully transformed space - inside.  I like the way they have set-up it up in a modular fashion, so it (bars, etc.) can be moved around based on the size and focus of the event.  The walls and stage were the only permanent fixtures. They still have some room to grow with furniture and the green rooms were definitely dated. These felt like they hadn't changed in 40-50 years, but hey it is a growing business and the location is what it is all about, right?Sitting at my table listening to the speaker and performers on stage I realized that, even though this building used to house a large printing press (hence the name silly!) it was perfect for its new life. Acoustics were excellent. It was cool and quiet . . . no outside noise carried in. Just our little bubble.   How many other little secrets of our city are there out there that we don't know about until we are invited in? Too many.
4	Great Venue!!! Very large, sound system is awesome! Security is present but not in the way. I had a great time!
2	Potential... But the boring side table sitting areas being down the vice in the whole place.  Take that nonsense to Comerica guys
5	I went there for a Local First event and really enjoyed the experience.  I met one of the owners and really appreciated him taking the time to get to know myself and my guest.  I am looking forward to more events that will be held here.
2	Cool venue. Lots of space. Boo boo VIP section. Not enough seating. Lots of choices at the bar but too much effort to walk through the crowd and over there, then wait in line. We bought VIP tix but I don't feel there are any real perks...not sure if that's the fault of the concert organizer tho. Venue has major potential. Oh and the bar does accept credit cards contrary to a previous review.
5	This is a great place to see a concert. I went with my son to see Rival Sons last  night and the atmosphere worked perfectly to enhance the experience. The is plenty of standing room in front of the stage, tabled seating off to the left and the right, and raised VIP seating just behind the tabled seating. A full bar ran across the back wall. We will definitely be keeping an eye on and heading back  to the Pressroom. A great time at a great location!
2	Have gone to two concerts there......one with some seating, one with "VIP" seating that was equal to the cost of the tickets, and only a few seats would have kind of been marginally worth it. There is no reason they can't have some high top tables (like at the first one) even if it's toward the back.  Not everyone needs to be at the very front, and give some options please.   Price of drinks okay......$4 water though, really? On a good note, the acoustics are good, and it has the potential to be a good venue to see live music.  Depending on group, will be back.....
2	Prices are reasonable but there were only 4 tables with 2 chairs each. I love seeing live bands but sometimes have issues standing for long periods of time. We were therefore 30 minutes before doors opened and were unable to get s table. Last time there were at least twice as many tables.
4	Friday was the first time I've ever been at this venue; I actually did not know it existed. It is a cute little venue; it looks kind of small on the outside but it is quite spacious. Went to a concert with the band Parachute ft Matt Wertz and Mikey Wax and it was amazing. Located basically in the heart of Phoenix, so you know you get to see the lovely sunset when waiting in line outside.
5	Wow!  What a place!!!  Excellent live music venue. Was there for the first time last night and was blown away. The staff was all very nice. The sound system was top notch. The ambience of the building was very cool. Would also be a great place for a wedding/reception or another event similar to that. Very impressed! Will be back!
3	Overpriced drinks. Shitty parking options now that Phoenix downtown charges for parking meters till 10PM. Ended up parking in some sketchy "Public Parking" place that charges 5 bucks that was being run by some guy that looked like he was railing the white lady all night long. VIP seating facing 90 degress from the stage on some motherfornicating uncomfortable crappy seats you'd put your arse on at a place like the Motor Vehicle Division for 150 freaking big ones? Really? Blow me, motherflowers! At least there is a lot of standing room. Blinding lights in your face if you stand next to the stage though. I tolerated this to attend a packed show for RCPM last Saturday. Roger Clyne & The Peacemakers, that is. No - not a big fan. I have a friend who is and I figured I'd see them for the first time that night. Place needs a lot of work though. Bathrooms right near the entrance was another interesting clusterfarkle. I'd come again if there was someone playing that I actually gave a rat's derriere about.
1	I wanted to like this venue since Phoenix has limited venue/music options....but each experience of the pressroom i had came off to be extremely disappointing with a very unprofessional" manager",michelle ,weak staff, over priced drinks, ghetto parking scenario,so so sound quality etc.... with what limited options there are in phx...id go to any venue over the pressroom
5	Came here to see Netsky perform a few weeks ago, and wow! Loved this place, even beyond the awesome show Netsky put on. Friendly bartenders, one in particular, wish I could remember his name. Friendly security, awesome space, amazing sound & lights. So much room for dancing! They even had a separate stage outside with a mobile bar and blocks to dance on if you feel you must do so haha. Great venue for an up close and personal show, never felt cramped, there was always plenty of room to dance and lots of airflow. Easy will call, line moved fast to get in as well. Drinks were $6 which is great, as I was visiting from LA and those prices don't really exist here. Great night, great place, will be sure to return next time a good act passes through! =]
