2	I remember my first imbibing (thanks to Lauren V for the word) of 80 proof peppermint schnapps.  It literally took my breath away for a few moments, finally leaving me with the minty aroma reminiscient in many a drunk tank, during the Christmas season.I also remember my first experience with Johnny Rockets boneless buffalo wings.  It was last night, about an hour before the hockey game.  And much to my chagrin, they literally took my breath away for a few moments... it was nothing like that 1986 smash hit from Berlin on the Top Gun soundtrack.  Picture if you will, a plate of reconstituted Swanson chicken nuggets that you microwaved, and then forgot about on the counter for an hour because you had to go and satify a more immediate urge.  Then, being the alchemist that you are, imagine crafting an elixir of 40% hot sauce and 60% vinegar, which you pour onto the plate of stale nuggets (only after re-warming them in the microwave for 30 seconds), so that it forms a pool of pungent goodness.If "Summer's Eve" made boneless buffalo wings, I would expect them to be just like the one's served at Johnny Rockets.  Yum.  It was like a crappy appetizer AND a douche.  On the plus side, my yeast infection seems to have all but cleared up.
1	I would have given 2 stars, but I feel betrayed by the horrible way one of my fav cuisines was handled. A philly cheesesteak is a form of chi, that no one should fuck with. Get it right or back off.Also, when you advertise a lemon coke as a dinner, make sure it's not coke with a lemon slice in it. That is false advertising.
4	It was wonderful to find this place during our trip to AZ, as all of the Johnny Rockets in our area have disappeared. It was an oasis in the desert!My egg salad sandwich (my routine JR staple) was very good except it had a bit too much mayo. If I were to return, I'd ask for light mayo. Other than that, perfect! The fries were pretty good. The salad was wonderful. We also got nice to-go containers that held up well for traveling. That was a nice touch -- when you're driving around, trying to figure out where your hotel is and the developed area is too new to appear on maps yet, it's good to know your leftovers are not spilling out in the rental car. The highlight was the sweet, awesome service from our sweet, awesome, super-hot waitress. She was so breathtaking that I could barely speak my order. Ah well, there are worse problems to have!
4	Not bad.  Unfortunately, we do not have a Johnny Rocket's here in San Diego (but we do have Ruby's Diner).  The food is typical 50's diner fare with burgers and shakes.  I had a Double Rocket and a chocolate malt.  That was pretty good.  The atmosphere isn't that bad.  It's pretty family-friendly with a 50's motif and a man who makes balloon animals at your table.  The downside is that sometimes the jukebox plays disco music by the Bee Gees and KC and the Sunshine Band.  They should stick to only 50's rock and roll and doo-wop from the early 60's (malt-shop favorites).
4	Six French fries? Six?Ok, that's an exaggeration, but not by much. I recently went to the Johnny Rockets at Westgate in Glendale, AZ and ordered one of their "specials": Bacon Burger & fry. And, of course, a delicious (REAL) Cherry Coke.I've always loved the ambiance of Johnny's, and this location, a few skips down from AMC Westgate and a few football field lengths from the Cardinals Stadium, didn't let down. The waitress was wonderful, the music fantastic, area very nice, and the food good - what I got, that is.The bathroom stinks, however, and I'm not referring to smell. It's made for one at a time for a restaurant that holds dozens or more of people. Bad idea. Plus, I had the unfortunate experience of learning this firsthand when I opened the door and interrupted a small child who, I guess was too young to know to lock the door. Or, more likely, it's the establishment at fault for having such inconvenient facilities. Though I'm not Republican, nor subscribe to their way of life, I'm still conservative and I like standards kept up from place to place. This is like all other Johnny Rockets, so if you liked one, you should have a good time for a very decent price.
4	8pm. A lot of parking, not much room to park a truck- parking spaces too narrow. Got there, we seated ourselves. They were busy, loud 50's music. Waited about 5 mins no one came to our table so we has to wave a server over for our menus. She came back about 2 mins, got our orders. Order the meals 1 reg burger w/fries, 2 dd burgers w/fries, coke, strwbrry shake n water. It was around 40.00. We got our meals in about 25 mins. Server came back twice to check on us after we got our meals. Nothing spectacular. But the shake was awesome, but it was like 4 or 5 bucks. We ordered from the meal deal price 6.00-8.00. Soda was about 3.00. I wouldn't take a crew of people there, seating is limited n little over priced for just hamburgers, fries n soda.
1	the service was lousy. i have had better service before at the one at arrowhead mall. my daughter spilled her drink and they gave her an apron to clean herself? they left the soda on the floor so we had to step on it the whole time. what?
3	I went here over the weekend to meet up with some family. They seated us quickly. Our server was fast and friendly. The orders came out almost correct. The burgers aren't much to write about. They are edible. But not spectacular by any means. I ordered mine with half fries half onion rings. They brought me 3 broken up onion rings, the onion rings are not fresh and for sure come from a freezer bag. At one point the music got cranked up super loud and then the staff proceeded to "dance" They all looked uncomfortable "dancing" and it made me uncomfortable to watch them. They should do away with this unless they are going to take a valiant effort to actually dance. Will I go back to this place? Who knows.
2	We are still on the search for the great milkshake, tasty burger and yummy fries.  I have to admit they have the best cherry coke in town and I love the tiny pieces of ice.  I had the turkey burger, it was okay.  My husband had the vegeterian patty.  He said it was just okay, pretty dry.  He asked for their special sauce and they didn't put it on.  My daughter liked the milkshake, she didn't say it was delish tho.  The fries were thick which is good, but no flavor, which is bad.
3	Food is good but service was slow but the people was good
3	We had dinner before our evening began so we didn't try their burgers.  Michael and Mason enjoyed the chilli fries.  When ordering the chilli fries make sure you order regular fries too.  My new found favorite onion rings are from Johnny Rockets!  They were tasty and very crispy, love love them for a snack:)  I will go again for the onion rings!  We took a strawberry banana shake to go, it was creamy with fresh chucks of strawberries and bananas...very good!
2	Middle of the road burger. Decent enough, but nothing special. The fries are decidedly unspecial.Service is okay, food is pretty quick, even on a game night, and otherwise, it's alright. Much prefer In-n-out or Smashburger, but this does in a pinch.
4	The staff here is always extremely friends, burgers are very tasty and their milkshakes are to die for .... rewind to the scene in Pulp Fiction where Uma Thurman asks for a $5 milkshake.  There is no bourbon but these are some fine damn milkshakes!
1	Ew. Took the fam over here for dinner one evening. The sign said seat yourself. Okay there were plenty of tables open. But NOT ONE was clean.  A group of workers, including who we found out was the manager later, was sitting at the bar chattin it up. I had to pardon myself to be rude enough to interrupt their convo about justin bieber to please wipe down a table for us. Poor guy stands up slowly and wipes it down until its... uhhh... smeared with the ketchup from the prior visitor. thanks. so im already swallowing my complaints because my kids love those flippen hats. Thats when I see Mr. Cook with his gloves on by the rest of the group of workers eating his friends fries, then goes over to cook some poor customers food with those same gloves. Done. Kids, get your hats, we're outta here. We told the manager, same ketchup smearer kid, about how disappointing our experience was and what we saw. No thanks.
1	1. TERRIBLE SERVICE: the waitress never checked on us because she was busy talking to a group of guys sitting at the counter, the same guy (manager?) Cooked the food, bussed the tables, and took orders at the counter.2.DIRTY: luckily I didn't visit the restroom til after lunch, because I almost lost my lunch in there from the filth that covered every square inch of it. The table and menus even smelled of old mildew water.  3. LET'S MAKE UP EXTRA FEES: they charged me extra for CHEESE on a GRILLED CHEESE SANDWICH. When I asked her about it, she confirmed with the manager that "yes, we charge extra for American cheese" even though it was a listed choice on the menu.  Again, not EXTRA cheese, she charged me for cheese being on a cheese sandwich.  WHAT THE WHAT??!!
2	Very disappointed. Came here around 9pm (they close at 11pm) on a Monday night. We were greeted and seated promptly. The waitress taking our order seemed like her mind was elsewhere for pretty much the whole night. (Strike 1) I ordered the Houston WITH onion rings on top at an extra $1.39. No problem. I got my burger and there was JUST ONE onion ring on it. And a small one at that. (Strike 2). My fiance had a Dr Pepper and when a refill came along, they gave her a Coke instead. She hates Coke. (Strike 3). I could understand the mistakes (cause they were small) if it was busy that night but aside from us, there was two other tables. AND another waitress in the house. It was a very disappointing experience.
2	Burgers are lame and dry, which is kind of a problem considering this is a burgers and malts place.We ordered a combo with ($12) fries and asked if we could substitute onion rings.  "Sure" said our server, but when the bill came we were charged an extra $1.10...   and the onion rings were kinda soft, not crunchy on the outside.The combo also came with a drink and we asked to substitute a malt.  Same response "Sure", but again an additional charge of over $2.  I guess our server doesn't understand that it's common practice to let your customer know when there will be an additional charge for a substitution...Malts are pretty good and it's the only thing that gets this place two starsI feel like this location gets people by default being right next to jobing.com arena, but they don't really cater to repeat customers like a local restaurant, which means they don't go out of their way to satisfy you.
3	Ok, so I see bad reviews...I was there yesterday..got there...sat down...there was barely anyone in there..no one came to our table for about. 8-10minutes, finally someone came..the girl was nice but never brought our drinks n water out. I was already eating and then she remembered she had not done so. Customer service sucked..but that burger with bacon n those fries were sooooo good!!!!! I give it 3stars and she got no tip from us btw.
4	What a fun time we had at Johnny Rockets. The old time malt shop feel is great and the shakes are amazing. We really enjoyed the burgers and fries and I especially like the crisp sweet potato fries. The management staff was very attentive and friendly and the prices were super reasonable especially considering the location in Westgate. We will definitely be back.
5	I had a great visit at Johnny Rockets! Our burgers were tasty, while the fries were crispy. our server made sure to handle all our needs, and The staff was all very attentive while working. We enjoyed the staff dancing so much, and we received ketchup faces with our meal!! We will sure be back for a fun visit!
2	I love the idea of the 50s style restaurant. But what I am not in love with is just a really bad greasy burger.When you go to a 50s style restaurant like this you expect better food. It should be cooked with quality and pride like they did in the 50s. Honestly smash burger is a much better Burger for the same or less money.There are better places to eat a good burger. I would not recommend eating here if you want a really good burger. Only eat here if you want fast food ... That is expensive and very greasy
4	Have to say based off the reviews (that I read after already eating and leaving) my service was completely different. My waitress Mel-I believe was polite always made sure we had refills, she brought enough napkins without me even asking for more which is my biggest pet peeve when you don't bring enough napkins. The burger  I had was the smokehouse cheddar bacon aka *mouth watering* it was cooked just right and huge slices of bacon (in my eyes) I have no complaints. In addition to my burger we had; chilli cheese fries and a hot dog kids meal. I also didn't know about their children eat free special which as a parent I felt like I hit the jackpot! I gave it 4 stars only because we were the only ones in there to service had it been busy I wonder if the service and demeanor would've been different.
1	Food, service and atmosphere - bad, bad and really bad. I've been to JRs in multiple cities and even on a cruise ship.   They are mediocre at best, but the JRs at Westgate-Glendale is the absolute worst. Burgers are like hockey pucks (perhaps in honor of the nearby NHL Coyotes.) Service is pleasant but extremely slow. As for atmosphere, it was a beautiful Arizona day - as most are. So, we decided to dine outside. The patio is located next to the world's largest dumpster. The stench was indescribable. As for the restroom - disgusting!
4	Came in on a Wednesday evening 7 pm was seated fast  , place was clean server was super nice  and waited 5 minute's ordered food it came out fast and tasted good  overall great experience A+
4	Admits the anti JRs, I personally am a huge fan of their service and food.  There is a new floor manager and she seems to run a pretty tight ship.  I love critics when it comes to fast food joints just seems crazy to me some of the negative comments.The endless fries are great, they are the big thick ones.  It is defiantly worth the price and the shakes are great!
1	Really bad service, crappy food that takes forever to get to your table, bathrooms were disgusting.You have to get your own napkins and ask for silverware.
1	It was my family and I first time here and let me tell you it was the worse service ever!!!!!!!!!!!!! Never again will we walk into this restaurant again !!! Service was bad from beginning to end even the manager scott didn't do his job. after his employees screwed up our order .............. LIKE I SAID NEVER AGAIN AND I HOPE ANYONE THAT GOES IN THE NEAR FUTURE DOESNT HAVE THE EXPERIENCE ME AND MY FAMILY HAD .
1	Took an hour for our food to get to our table and by that time we needed to get it to go. I got the grilled chicken salad and it was horrible. Our waitress, in the full hour we were there, only came to our table 3 times. Drink order and food order (at the same time), to tell us our food was almost ready (a half hour after she took our order), then a half hour later to give us our check because she had someone else bring our food. And no they were not busy in the least but fully staffed. It was ridiculous.
1	I have not been in JR in a long time. So I decided to go with my husband. The menus were changed and sadly so does the service. Took a long time to give us the menu she asked for our drinks. By this time of day they're were only other 3 families. Then same waitress came and asked for our drinks again. We said-"We ordered them" -oh yeah! What was it again?! She asked. Then she brought food that belonged to the next table. As for the taste of the my grilled chicken breast sandwich felt soooo buttery that I was left with that feeling in my mouth. My husband would eat anything but this time he left his original burger half way. He said for such a pricey burger he expected more.
1	Service was terrible 20 mins I waited for a water place almost empty. Ordered shakes with food done eating then got the shakes kids had nothing to drink through dinner NEVER going back suggest maybe new management food was good though shakes too drank them on the way out the door
4	Not a fan of any milkshakes but the burgers, bacon cheese fries and floats are great! It is always crowded so service takes 20-40 minutes for a big table (5+ people).
1	Went here with my family and the food was awful! Couldn't even finish our burgers. The French fries were the only thing that was edible. Not to mention we didn't have good service. Took 20 min to get our drink refills. I will never go to Johnny rockets again.
1	Skip it
1	Can I do less then one star? Took 15 minutes before any servers came to us. Very unorganized. Employees standing around doing nothing. Had hoped for better service. Food was fine but service... Not good.
1	After the Cardinals game tonight, my girlfriend and I decided to grab a late dinner before we headed home. I ordered the patty melt on sourdough. When our food came to the table, I noticed hair sticking out of the burger. They cut the patty melt before bringing it to the table and you can see that the hair had been cut because it was sticking out on both halves. Looks like it was pressed in the meat before cooking.Barbara our waitress says she couldn't see it because she has bad vision so she took it to the kitchen so others can look. She brought the plate back with her to the table and asked if I wanted another one. Ya right I said. It's an appetite killer. My girlfriend didn't even eat her burger. We didn't even get an apology. All she said was that she took it off the bill.Very poor customer service here. If I could give it 0 stars I would. Hope their manager reads this or someone from corporate. I was sitting at the table adjacent to their kitchen and everyone should wear hair nets, not just a baseball cap.The only thing I should be thankful for with this experience is that it was a long hair and not a short and curly.
1	Came to Arizona for a football game this weekend and was debating between which witch sandwich and this place since every other restaurant was ridiculously packed.  Anyway... I am not fond of giving low ratings to restaurants unless truly deserved. . 1. Service was terrible 2. They are under staffed 3. Food was not worth the wait AND to top it all off we got charged for 3 shakes that we did NOT order.. which delayed our exit. DO NOT COME HERE unless there's a zombie apocalypse.
4	Worth A Visit  My nephew and I stumbled accross Johnny Rockets after spending the day at Westcourt, and I am so glad we did. The food was really good especially for the price, the shakes were unbelieveable and the service was second to none. Our server (Beth) went out of her way to make sure our food was exactly as we wanted and that my nephew was having a great time.  Our drinks were constantly full and Beth made sure we had everything we needed or wanted.I would truly reccomend Johnny Rockets to everyone. If you want good food at a reasonable price in the Westcourt area, give Johnny Rockets a try.
1	Literally the WORST experience I've ever had. Normally I love Johnny Rocket. I brought my friend here because she's never eaten here before, so I thought it would be a nice visit for her. We wait 5 minutes to be seated. We wait over 10 minutes for someone to even ask for our drinks. Another 5 before their brought. At this point there's literally no service coming to our side of the restaurant. A family of 3 next to us got up and left while we were waiting. At one point we waited so long I got up and got my own drink. Finally our food comes quite a bit later, and BOTH of our orders were horribly wrong. The "supervisor" that was on shift kept blaming the poor service being down 1 cook. Which obviously wasn't the problem. Once our food was finally corrected, after watching another family leave and a table that was seated after us be served before us, the food itself was just awful. Obviously the "supervisor" Rebecca knew this as she offered to comp our entire check.  That's the only reason this is getting 1 star. Hands down this was awful.
