5	I have been coming to Dancewear since I was a little girl and it holds a special place in my heart. A tiny little shop located on Rose Street, I still peer in the window at their displays every time I go past. Dancewear take care of all your dancing needs. They have every type of shoe you could imagine, from ballet shoes to jazz trainers. There is also a good selection of dance wear, again for most types of dance. There is also a good variety of accessories and gifts. Oh the gifts! Whenever I needed new ballet shoes and my mum took me here I always insisted on getting some sort of gift, whether it be a keyring or a ballerina teddy. I used to buy all my dancing friends presents here. Their pointe shoe fitting service is one of the best in Scotland. I have spent hours in here while they have tried fitting me and the range of stock is impeccable. The staff are very knowledgeable and well trained, which is super important when getting your pointe shoes fitted.Great little shops for all those budding ballerinas.
5	Whenever I walk past here I wish I hadn't given up dancing when I was younger, I used to love ballet but my teacher was an old battleaxe so ended up hating it, to be honest, the only reason I stuck it out for so long was because you got a lolly pop at the end of the class. Quite the reward, I thought.This shop has a really traditional feel to it, probably because it's been there for years. You will find everything you need for beginners dance classes or more advanced ones too.  The staff are very knowledgeable so will be able to recommend what's best for you or your tots dancing needs.They also have very cute teddies in the window with little dancing outfits on. This would have been perfect for me when I was younger as I think my mum wanted me to do dancing more than I actually wanted to so she could have definitely bribed me with a teddy. Maybe that's why they're there.
4	Okay I am not a ballet dancer and pink isn't my favourite colour. I had to go into Dancewear to look for a pair of Jazz shoes for other work I was doing. Despite reservations I was impressed with the service!Dancewear is a dance shop selling dance shoes, clothes, bags and accessories.  The shop does sell mostly girls shoes and clothes, but it does provide for men too.When I went in I was given a lot of assistance by the woman working there. The fitting service was great. She spent a lot of time with me until I found exactly what I was looking for. It seemed as important for her to be satisfied as me!I'm not a huge fan of the aesthetic inside but I do think it is fitting.Note that Dancewear is due for refurbishment during July. The shop also had a good online store for viewing and buying and general info.A great little dance shop right in the city centre!
