3	Landis is a solid bike shop and all three Landis shops are a staple of the bike shop community in Phoenix.  Their selection is good.  The prices are reasonable.  I do wish that their staff would pay more attention to their customes.  Too many times I've spent time here without being greeted and I witness it with some customer every time I am at this shop.  They also need to greatly improve their turn time on repairs.  One cannot be without one's bike for a week for a tune up.  I will continue to shop at Landis, I just don't get my service work done here anymore.
2	They are a knowledgeable bunch, and they have some nice equipment, but their sales staff is pretty weak. I went in to try out some bikes and it seemed like I was putting the guy out. Not knowing much about bikes I had a lot of questions, and the guy I was talking to wasn't very clear with his answers and didn't seem all that interested in helping. When it was pretty clear I wasn't going to buy anything that day, he couldn't get away fast enough to go chat with someone else he knew that had just come in. Probably the worst bike shopping experience I've had so far.
2	The only time I will ever return here is to buy simple accessories I am knowledgeable on and can put on my bike myself. Or to get the hot pink I'm with Awesome socks I love. That's about the extent of it.I've been here on two occasions. The first was to start my bike search. When I informed a store employee of what I was going to use my bike for and ask what bikes may suit my needs, I was only shown one row of bikes that were pretty much all the same and all by the SAME manufacturer. I was told that was all they could offer me out of the tons of other bikes they had in their store.The second time I biked there with a friend on my new bike, Lady Eleanor herself as a friend had some questions about her bike. They were fairly good at answering her questions. However, I was appalled when they stopped me dead in my tracks and asked me what was wrong with my bike. I panicked for only a short while til I realized they were going overboard on the fact that my pedals are not where most pedals are since my bike doesn't have much of a frame in the center. The employee kept going on about how it must be awkward to pedal (which it's not) and then called other employees over to gawk and make odd comments about my bike. Funny enough on the way out a woman drooled over my gorgeous bike with its interesting design and asked where I got it. I politely told her where.. and it wasn't at Landis.
3	I got great service and they totally set me up with the right bike after receiving wrong sizing from another Landis store. They definitely spent some time with me on my shoe choice. My sizing appointment went well and they answered a lot of my new road bike questions though I thought some of their techniques a bit questionable. Haven't used for repairs yet but have a mountain bike in rough shape to bring in so will review after that.
5	Very helpful staff.  They changed my tires and didn't charge me for labor.
2	Generally very poor and rude service. Have been in several times with same result. I get the impression that unless you are an elite athlete with a super-bike, they aren't interested in talking to you. Pity since it's my local store and I would prefer to be able to support them...I mentioned this to my son and he said the same thing - he'd received rude and off-hand service. Curious cos if a store wants to survive - friendly service should be a top priority.
5	Great Bike, Great Price, Great Service.  Bob is the best employee....I really appreciate all that he did to get me set up with a great bike!
1	Pretty much had a similar experience with Michael M. They're not interested in what YOU want, they're interested in what they can sell you. Yeah, decided to take my single speed Langster in to get the front chain ring replaced (w/ 46t I bought online off course). Brought a several extra chain links just in case they need it, but no, they guy said it's going to WEAKEN the whole thing. Just replace it, it's ONLY 10 bucks. I was like, you have black chain? He's like, nope, only silver and looked at me as if, dude, what's the big deal? New chain = winner! I declined and whatever. Got the bike back and got some extras that I didn't request. They adjusted my rear brake tension and it's not even remotely close to my front, changed the height of my seat post and yeah, didn't pump up my tires.Nevertheless, Landis = FAIL.
5	New to the sport and came into the store really apprehensive and confused. Sam helped me out and gave me really knowledgeable tour about what I should look for. I appreciate that he didn't try to push my budget and found a really good bike based on my expectations and budget.  I said I would come back on the weekend if I wanted to buy it. Well, I came back on the weekend and tried out a few more bikes just in case. We ended up going back to the original choice and got it fitted for me. Took it out for my first ride this morning and it was great! Thank you Landis, for helping me into such a great sport!
5	Very friendly and helpful staff. Went in for flat tire repair. Up front about cost of labor and part. Even put bike back in my car for me
2	I've been to this shop twice, the first time was just browsing and I found the staff very friendly and helpful. Today's visit was the exact opposite. I went to purchase some road cycling shoes. Since I've never owned any before I thought I'd go here and probably pay a little more but make sure I've got a good fit and a good shoe. I'm training for my first triathlon and told the guy that I wasn't sure if I wanted road shoes or tri shoes to go with my existing SPD pedals and cleats. He told me I'd have to swap my peddles if I wanted tri shoes, so I looked at some road shoes. I was trying to decide between two pairs when I thought I should at least look at/learn a bit about tri shoes. I picked up a pair and the tag said "SPD Compatible". I asked the guy about this and he said that they didn't have my size. So he had  lied to me about having to change pedals just because he wouldn't be able to sell me the shoes!!! What a jerk. I don't think I could shop there again. Albeit, I'm a newb to cycling but had they done a nice job, they'd have won a customer for life.
1	This place is terrible.  The people who work there are rude and unattentive.  I am a marathon runner and have started using a brand of fuel that is sold at very few places, and they have the best selection.Against every fiber of my being, I had to give this place some additional business, despite my terrible experiences purchasing accessories prior.  MY MISTAKE.  I rolled up to the shop after a long strenuous hill run and was in desperate need for some recovery fuel (within that critical 60 minutes).  Low and behold I had just missed them since they closed at 6pm.  But one of the guys was there running a spin class outside and let me in - pretty nice, I thought!I popped in, grabbed what I needed and headed up to the counter.  I apologized to the guy working in there, saying I recognized they were closed and I really appreciated it.  Not only do I get zero response, but I get zero acknowledgment.  No eye contact, no "hi, I'll be right with you," not even a "lady wait your turn," nothing.  Like I didn't exist.So, I patiently stood at the counter with my 3 packets while the employee poked around the repair area, avoiding me, waiting for the customers ahead of me to shop around.  I could see there was zero chance he was going to talk to me, much less ring me up, while he waited for them to look at shirts, shoes, saddles, you name it.After 20 minutes (no joke, 20 minutes) of standing around completely unacknowledged, I threw the packets on the counter and walked out.  The spin class guy outside watched me leave, empty handed.  Who knows if he did the math on the lost sale, because not only will I never purchase fuel from them again, I will go elsewhere when I decide to buy a road bike.I now order all of my fuel online.  So much for patronizing a local business.
5	Great neighborhood bike shop. 95% of my repairs are done on the spot. They know about the products they sell and recommend based upon your budget and experience.  Never experienced what that power bar lady wrote...  The staff is always fun spirited.
1	I made the mistake of trying to return a pair of gloves that ripped the first time I took them off.  They were very rude, almost angry that I didn't want to get another pair.I won't go back.
5	The staff is very helpful and friendly.  They have a decent inventory to find the bike you're looking for and they'll make sure it's a good fit for your needs.They also can fix you up quickly and get you back on your ride.
5	I have nothing but good things to say about the staff.  Every time I walk in the doors I am greeted and everyone is helpful, friendly and knowledgeable about the products they carry.  They are quick with the repair that I needed and offered helpful tips that improved my positioning on the bike.  They will continue to be my local shop and receive my business in the future.
1	A few months ago my husand and I moved into the neighborhood near Landis Cyclery on Warner. My husband was really excited to see that we had a local bike shop nearby and paid them a visit for brake pads. As a supporter of local bike shops, he placed a special order with them knowing well in advance that he could have purchased the product online for a better deal and same delivery. The employee who helped him was named Bob.When the product arrived a week later, my husband went to pick it up and upon returning home and opening the box, my husband realized that Bob had ordered him the wrong part. When he returned to the store, Bob tried to look up the right part but told us that no one made the brake pads my husband needed. He then suggested that my husband buy new brakes. After hearing this, my husband decided to return the product for a full refund which made Bob upset. He became very rude and told my husband that he was going to charge my husband a 20% restocking fee since the box was opened. After they exchanged a few words, Bob eventually gave my husband his full refund. This was the worst service we have EVER seen. We will never support this bike shop again. Rude customer service. Also, my  husband found the brake pads he needed at REI.
5	They know their stuff.  Our family buys all of our bikes here.  Would highly recommend.
