4	After the VYE at Desert Mission Food Bank, many of the Yelpers stuck around to grab brunch someplace in Sunnyslope. While there were a lot of options to chose from, I'm proud my fellow Yelpers decided to try a place that had yet to be reviewed: The Eye Opener Family Restaurant (formerly Tom & Tiny's). This Phoenix family-owned diner is open 7 days a week from 6 a.m. to 2 p.m. for breakfast and lunch and is a morning ritual for many of Sunnyslope's longtime residents. One of my favorite things about Sunnyslope is the small town feel with access to all the urban amenities of Phoenix. Places like the Eye Opener feed that sense of place. Hal (the owner) is a kind man who loves what he does, is liable to come by your table himself to fill your coffee cup and make sure everything is OK . It is evident that he views his customers as extended family. Here are some of the things I like to eat at the Eye Opener: Standard eggs, toast and hash brown breakfast  the Chef omelet - egg whites only (filled with yummy things like ham and green chili and topped with cheese) Gyro (the tzasiki sauce is delicious and is flavored with dill!) It's not on the menu, but Hal makes his own hummus and it's just delicious!!
4	Since moving to Sunnyslope, I've been on the lookout for good neighborhood restaurants. I'm very happy to have stumbled upon this place. The Eye Opener feels like a small-town diner and is surprisingly large inside. Everyone was incredibly friendly and the food was outstanding. I ordered the chicken fried steak, eggs and hash browns. The hash browns were sliced, sort of like thick potato chips and fried. The gravy on the chicken fried steak contained large chunks of sausage and was full of flavor, and my eggs were perfect. My meal came with two biscuits, as well. I don't think I was hungry for the rest of the day. So good, will definitely be back.
4	My grandfather finds anyplace with a diner feel and huge portions to be the cat's meow regardless of the quality of food. Eye openers would fit his bill and not make the rest of the family cringe because the food is good! Really really it is!The term homestyle was created for Eye Opener. The food was delicious and as mentioned by the other Yelpers there homemade hummus makes the heart happy.Have you ever had a server who could pretty much get nothing right but somehow you would forgive her because she is that friendly and on top of the issues? Yeah that was them. They ran out of menus and any less of a server might let us feel annoyed at this gal was on it and friendly and you had to love her. The owner checked on us several times with a genuine sense of caring.I think I am taking my grandpa to breakfast tomorrow.
4	Breakfast is my favorite meal of the day, so I feel quite qualified to give a solid four star review to The Eye Opener. Before I get to far, this is a diner. If you are a snob, spare yourself and the pleasant folk who work here and go somewhere else. The very pregnant waitress handled our very large VYE group quickly and efficiently. I don't think I could have walked across the room with a belly that big, but she glided around taking orders and delivering drinks like she was training for a marathon. Okay, I exaggerate a little. For diner coffee, I don't think it was bad at all (sorry christina!). In fact, it was way better than coffee at Denny's or IHOP. My meal was pretty tasty. I ordered an egg white omelet with green chili, hash browns and an english muffin. I was really glad to see the large portion size because after packing bags all morning, I was HUNGRY. I am pretty sure that the salsa they had sitting at the table was really pizza sauce, but fortunately they had Tabasco so I was good to go. I think my meal was like ten bucks. I tipped our lovely waitress five. My breakfast and the experience was more than worth the fifteen :)
3	Kevin's Eye Opener ROTD was a reminder that I hadn't yelped about my experience yet!  I was part of the group that went for brunch at Eye Opener after the food bank VYE... and just like everyone else, I was impressed with this new Sunnyslope find!  It's totally a diner and you can tell there are a ton of 'regulars' there.  Our big group had fantastic service, and although I found my food to be pretty standard, I guess that's what you get when you go to most diners!  I was impressed that they did egg whites for me no problem in my mushroom and swiss omelette.  The 'swiss' was just barely melted on top, and you could tell it was a 'Kraft' single, or more likely, a generic brand single... you know what I mean - those perfect square shaped pieces.  The mushrooms were straight from a can, but I was starving, and I ate every last bite of the omelette as well as the toast and sliced tomato it came with.  Eye Opener really is a hidden gem in Sunnyslope - go check it out next time you're in the area, but probably not worth a special trip.
3	This place has a loooooong history in Sunnyslope. Prior to being named "the Eye Opener," it was called "Tom and Tiny's" It was a very popular place with local cyclists and had many neighborhood fans. About 8 years ago, one of the owners died and the place was sold. Fortunately, the new owner made no changes. They have the same home cooked goodness they have always had, at good prices. You can still get a good breakfast for a family of three with one $20 bill.
3	I went to Breakfast here this morning. I had the Biscuits and Gravy, 2 eggs and bacon. I also ordered a side of home fries. I will go back again and try a few more things. I was a little disappointed with the Biscuits and Gravy. It was not as good as the Biscuits and Gravy at the Brass Rail Bar. The food was good and the price is great.  I was hoping it would have been a little better.
2	Why does this place get 4 stars?? The food, even for diner food, was totally forgettable. My bf's breakfast burrito was nothing special and my gyros sandwich was ok but the pita was buttered. Not everything is better with butter! The place looked like the dining room at a retirement  home. There were a few regulars but I would assume they go there because it is close to home not because the food is good. The one positive was our waitress. She was really helpful and funny with her regulars. However, she kept telling us 'I hope you're hungry ordering all that food'. We were expecting Saddle Ranch size plates the way she kept going on about the portion size! Totally not the case. His meal was actually on the small side. Very strange. This place is for AARP crowd.
2	I'm not really sure why this place has such a good rating, and I'm especially clueless as to how it has 2 ROTD out of only 10 (now 11) reviews!  I'm not really sure how to describe the interior of the place, but I totally agree with Iain, that this looks like some weird diner we would probably stop at while traveling.The service was okay, and the owner is clearly enthusiastic and cares about his customers, but the food is not so good.  I ordered a bacon and cheddar omelet.  It comes with a side of hashbrowns and bread (I got biscuits.)  The omelet is seriously fluffy, and quite large.  My first bite was not a pleasant one.  It tasted like someone spilled some sort of fruit juice all over the griddle while they were cooking it.  I wasn't real thrilled with that and only ate about a third of it before I couldn't stomach it anymore.  The hashbrowns were bland, but were saved with a good dose of salt and pepper.  The biscuits were decent and at least cleared my palate of the fruity omelet.  Really, this is just meh to me.
2	So you know those movies where they start out in some diner and then someone gets shot outside, aliens attack, or semi-trucks go crazy and hold you prisoner?  This is that diner.  It is horribly decorated, has waitresses with just enough personality to excuse their slow pace, and has food that only a trucker and the locals could enjoy.My omelet was actually a folded frittata.  The fact that I have to explain the difference is annoying enough.  I don't want the contents of my omelet cooked into the egg.  That's why I ordered an omelet.  If I wanted to be forced to eat egg with every bite, I would have ordered a damn frittata.  Typically cooks do this because they are lazy and can't properly flip the omelet.  It helps ensure that the egg gets cooked all the way through.  The problem is, this thing was not cooked all the way through, it was quite disturbingly runny on the inside.  To think, at least three chickens were aborted to make this terrible mess!I have to give the owner some credit, he came to every table and made sure the food was good.  The problem was, we were both so nauseous after eating this, nothing he could do would have made our meal better.I'd like to try it again and order something else...but I just don't think that will ever happen.
4	The Eye Opener is a good ol' greasy spoon where I always find a seat and service is always polite and friendly. The prices are very reasonable and the food good. Sometimes the bacon isn't as crispy as I would like it and the corned beef hash is kinda sloppy, but for the most part the food is good and for two people you can expect to spend less than $20.One of my complaints is that they have those metal creamer containers on the tables. This has always grossed me out at any restaurant that does this. Who knows what the last customer did to the creamer. On my last visit I saw a kid drink straight from the container. I can always depend on this place for friendly service and good, cheap meal.
4	This food was your basic yummy stick to your thighs delish variety. Halim, the owner, will treat you like a friend, is usually great with the stories and jokes, and is just a good guy. The hash browns are very unique and can be ordered in two varieties; sauteed and deep fried. Deep fried, they are almost more like chips, so I would stick to the previous. I heard they are getting a huge makeover, which will be great for these nice people. Solid diner food with oversized drinks, free refills and, apparently, occasional Mediterranean specials.
3	Perfect little diner for weekend morning breakfasts.Good food, good prices, plenty of seating.They close at 2, so no late lunches or brunches.Service has always been great, and the servers are very friendly and personable.I have been back, and I will continue to go back.
3	Right off the bat they got 2 things going for them.  They open at 6 so you don't waste half the morning getting breakfast and they serve grits, with butter.I had the chefs omelet, grits and an English muffin. I happen to like my stuff cooked into the eggs and I still call it an omelet.  The food was good.  The service was good too.  If you are a first time visitor you get introduced to all the servers.  Most of the folks there seemed to be regulars.  While nothing was over the top great it is a good solid place to get breakfast or lunch.
4	Kiss my grits!  If you like good service with old fashioned attitude you'll love this place.  F A S T delivery of a delicious breakfast A++  They also have this sliced and fried potato and homemade salsa that rocks.  Don't  expect  T Cooke's brunch or anything- its in the older part of Sunnyslope.  But DO go for the food and friendly help.
2	The restaurant is in the process of refurbish, just so readers of older reviews know. The owner was very nice. The green chili omelet was ok. The potatoes were not hot. It's not easy to find a breakfast joint just by driving around if you're from out of state. We found this place via Google and it was close to our hotel, but we probably won't go there tomorrow since it was just ok.
4	Food was good.  Blueberry pancakes weren't on the menu but they made them for me.  Place was packed on a late Saturday morning.  Upscale cars outside in a marginal neighborhood so they are driving to the ghetto just for Eye Opener.  Decor tacky.  Service - INCREDIBLE!  So good I doubled my tip.
5	Big thank you to Yelp for this one, I work over near Metrocenter and I have been going to Mimi's, Denny's, & First Watch so many times that I was getting bored (I eat breakfast a lot).  Anyway, I saw a few reviews and noticed the place wasn't to far so i stopped in.  I wouldn't normally travel along Hatcher thinking I would find a good place to eat that wasn't Mexican food.  Anyhow, I get here and the place is not bad inside, it was very homely inside and the people there you could tell were regulars.  The main guy came over and spoke to me for a while too, very nice guy.  My server took my order and it felt like seconds before my bacon and eggs had arrived and I also ordered the biscuits and gravy since everyone raved about them and everything was awesome.  The bacon was perfectly crisp, my eggs were perfectly cooked and the potatoes were awesome.  They were homemade looking cut up potatoes grilled to perfection.  And don't forget the biscuits and gravy....it lived up to the hype.  I have to tell you that I will be back very soon.
3	I really really really really really want to love this place.  I live right down the street and the fact that I have a walkable breakfast joint (my favorite meal) nearby seemed like a dream come true.I've been here a few times and it's always decent, there's just no "wow" factor.  It's a greasy spoon, what do you expect?Customer service is awesome.  They're super friendly and they take excellent care of their customers.  Smiles and conversation are doled out as generously as the coffee here.The food is just so-so.  Don't order a biscuit, trust me, they're the frozen flakey kind from the grocery store.  The eggs are cooked well to order and the pancakes are pretty delicious.  The coffee is great!  i feel like if they brought their game up just a bit more on the food that this place would be four star easily.  There's so much potential!The outside has been overhauled and it's a 1950s modernist dream.....until you walk inside.  All of the sudden you've time traveled into the late 1970's and it's a trip you've never wanted to take.  The inside could be super rad, but I'm sure it's just an issue of available funds for overhauls.I'll keep supporting them though.  If you're in the area stop by and give it a whirl!
1	We ate here a while ago and somehow I forgot to review!  The little lady told me about this place and said she enjoyed her breakfast.  So, we decided upon Eye Opener for a spot of brunch one day.  Bad, bad, bad choice.  First off, our "server" clearly didn't know what she was doing, which is something I can totally overlook cause I was once a newbie, too.  However, she got the order wrong (the little lady ordered ham and eggs which comes with toast and hashbrowns and all the server brought was a side of eggs and then didn't come back to check on us and I had to go up to the counter to see what was up...), she NEVER came back to refill my coffee or either of our waters (to the point where we both set our cups to the very edge of the table so that she could see them, but that didn't help either), and to top it off she totally kept telling us that she was new and tried to justify her lack of attention to everything.  Look chick, it's one thing if you're new, but don't try to make it better by claiming that you just started each time you forget stuff.  I will totally understand and be more willing to accept your shortcomings if you just try to rectify the situation to the best of your abilities.  When we finally were able to get our bill, we went up to the counter where, I'm assuming it was the owner, was working the register.  She asked how everything was and we told her about our less than lovely experience.  This is where it gets great!  She totally made the same excuses about the server being new (dude! I don't care!!) and she gave us a "discount" of ONE DOLLAR, which we didn't even want.  I'd like to say that I would give this place a second chance, but the food wasn't even good.  Next!
4	The breakfast here is always, well usually worth the wait! The portions are adequate and suitable for a nice Sunday breakfast with the family. We have taken guests from out of town here, and are told that when they return they would like to frequent again. Recommend the homemade biscuits and gravy!
4	We are frequent guests of this restaurant for breakfast and always try to get waited on by Charity, she has our beverages ready as we walk in the door and the coffee cup is never empty.  Their food is delicious and the owner, Hal, walks around and checks on all the guests and is not above picking up the coffee pot and filling a coffee cups.  Their homeade puddings are the best!!!
3	Just checked this place out for lunch with my Dad.  We went around 11:30am on a Thursday and it was dead, so we had our choice of tables and we picked a spacious booth by a window.  It's a big place, I was thinking it would be smaller and dingier, but it's spacious and clean.  I thought they served breakfast all day, but it's actually only till 11am (not sure about weekends).  So the description on here calling it a breakfast place is a bit misleading because they have breakfast and lunch.  Lunch is from 11am-2pm and they close at 2.  I ordered a small garden salad and a grilled cheese on sourdough.  My Dad had a grilled ham and cheese with coleslaw.  The salad was so so, only had lettuce and diced tomatoes.  But the grilled cheese was perfect.  Not too greasy, had a nice crispiness to it, and the cheese was melted just right.  The fries were okay, pretty standard fries.  My Dad enjoyed his meal too and he can be critical.  The service was very friendly and efficient.  It's pretty cheap too, grilled cheese and fries for $4.55!  I'll have to go back soon and try breakfast!
4	Picture this: Hung-over group of 4 from celebrating a buddy's 40th birthday, being forced out of Hotel at the ungodly hour of 12 noon  & being left with the urge to eat some carbs and get some food!  Yep that was us, somehow our Sat night was kinda like Hangover, we know we had fun, some crazy stuff happened, and the camera has all the proof! Haha So a friend in the group who lives in the area told us hey lets grab a bite at Eye Opener, we laughed at the name because that's what we were in need of. So off we went!We got their and my phone was on the fritz so I couldn't do some pre-reviewing and see what's good and what's not, so I winged it and just with it the flow.The hostess asked if we were a party of 4, we said yep, she spoke to the waitress (man I really wished I caught her name) and asked if she had an opening for us, she said yep, the hostess then handed my hunny the menus and told us which table was ours.  We laughed. Another funny thing that happened 2 of us ordered coffee and asked for creamer, our waitress took off to get it, but the group on the side of us offered up theirs, I thought ok this a cool neighbor place where everyone is family and I like that vibe!I ordered the Denver Omelet; it came with home style potatoes and sourdough toast.  Omg I loved the potatoes, should have had more and smothered them in gravy!!! The omelet was good, but I asked the waitress for some tabasco sauce, cuz I like things hot and she surprised me with this squirt bottle of homemade salsa, oh mine that had great favor! The others ordered pancakes, biscuits and gravy, and hamburgers, and even though the menu said breakfast was only served to 11, we were still able to get our breakfast orders in with no issues!  I loved the friendly neighbor feeling and the kitchen turned out the food fast, look forward to trying them again!
5	Great food, wonderful service, & really good prices. I love this place!
2	I've heard raving reviews about this place. Perhaps I went into it expecting too much. It's your basic vinyl-booth diner, with extra old people. I ordered the biscuits and gravy, because I expected them to taste delicious and be home-made. I was very, very wrong. I'm pretty sure the biscuits came from a can, and the gravy had (maybe) two pieces of sausage in it.Everyone else's food looked okay (I went with a group of people), but still not spectacular.I'll give it another shot if someone insists I go again.
3	Not much to look at inside, but the service was very good.  This is not the place to go for a hip, fancy breakfast, but what they do is serve up good ol diner breakfast nice and fast.  I came with my 3 and 5 year old and they very accommodating.  I would come back.
4	People, this is a diner! Unlike the snobs from Washington, I actually live in this area and the staff as well as most of the customers are congenial and inter-relate amongst each other. The experience is very comforting and the food is as well. The wait staff is friendly, almost to the point of being of family. The Eye Opener is all about comfort food and comfort service. Mr. Seattle, you will never understand a neighborhood gem because you're probably used to over paying for food and lack the soul to appreciate an experience that compliments the food.
4	Got here about 10:45am & all breakfasts looked to have eggs or milk (not really atypical), so I asked for lunch (starts at 11am) & my mom wanted breakfast, & they said no problem! :-)Mom got Hotstuff & liked it. She also asked to taste the gravy for future reference cuz she likes biscuits & gravy, but not if too much sausage in the gravy. She really liked it :-)I got the meatloaf sandwich w/o mashed potatoes or gravy since I'm allergic to milk & it was good, also :-)Service was very good & atmosphere is quaint, cute :-)
