3	I really enjoy Einstein's bagels and other baked goods, as well as their coffee (which is very strong, by the way).  The service at this particular location ranges from excellent to lacking.  I'd give four stars if they had more reasonable prices.  We generally only go when we have a coupon.
2	they've been better the last two times i went through the drive thru bu if you order more than one item and gawd forbid it's a coffee drink ,they will screw it up. there are much better places, imo..
1	Service is terrible in the mornings. I even contacted the manager to tell them so about 7 months ago. I haven't seen any improvement. Bagels and coffee are fine, but don't order specialty drinks because they taste awful. Just go to Starbucks, it'll be cheaper and taste better.
2	Wow some of the worst, uncaring service I have ever experienced. Was given a RAW bagel and they were shocked when I returned it and didn't want a replacement. Huge ordeal to get my couple dollars back. No sorry or care for giving someone raw food. What if they had given it to a kid?
3	Blueberry bagel w/honey almond schmear is a lovely way to start your morning. Did drive thru and the service was fairly good, slow but on a Saturday morning i guess i shouldn't expect anything less.
3	New to the area.  Enjoyed going to the Einstein back home, this one is fine but the wait time is not the best.
5	Hands down my favorite place to get bagels. Einstein's is one of the few places that have cinnamon sugar bagels. They are so delicious.
5	I just had a lunch bagel and have to comment on the service. The food was typical Einstein Bros, so it was high quality as usual. Cierra took my order and they were out of my bagel of choice (green chili) so I asked if they were going to make more today. She said she'd be happy to make me one and it would take about 15 min. or so. Or a better option and faster, she said, was for her to modify a 4-cheese bagel with some green chili and make it custom for me. What a great idea! When I went to pay, I picked up 2 chocolate chip cookies commenting that they looked "terrible", while drooling. Alex said if you like our choc. chip cookies, you should try one of the white chocolate cookies. He explained the ingredients and I was sold. It was awesome!Both employees offered me the upgrade (drink & chips), but I declined. Neither pushed. As I said, the food was great as always, but the level of customer service was refreshing. Both Cierra and Alex were genuinely interested in making my dining experience better.  I am now a loyal customer of this location.
1	The only reason they got a star is because the food was good. My family wanted bagels this rainy morning so I jumped in my car knowing that Einstein's had a drive through.. yay! After a VERY long drive through wait (which I didn't even mind) I received my order. On my way home I was smart enough to check my order (was going to do it at the window but seeing that their was tons of cars behind me I put faith in the Einstein workers.. big mistake). They completely forgot over half of my cream cheese. Little irritated (and pregnant .. which never helps!) I called the store as I turned back around half way home and asked that they put together my cream cheese and run it out to me considering there was a reason I was going through the drive through (raining.. PJ's.. pregnant.. ) The man on their side said no problem. Then I called back when I got there and a female worker  answered.. I mentioned what I discussed with the previous worker and she was dead silent for a good 30 seconds (hello.. anyone there?) and seemed extremely annoyed that I wanted her to run them out to me (mind you its sprinkling now at best and Im pulled in right up front). Frankly, I was annoyed that them running it out to me was MY idea and not their immediate suggestion in the first place (worked many years in retail/customer service/ and even food service). THEN.. (arg).. I get home.. and come to find that my chocolate chip bagels were actually cinnamon raisin. .. ... ... (Did I mention I was pregnant?!!) There was no way I was going back AGAIN to get a freakin chocolate chip bagel. LESSON LEARNED: If you go to this establishment forget about good faith.. always check your order thoroughly before leaving the drive through.. even if there is a mile length of cars behind you who have been waiting a very long time..
3	My family of 4 comes here about twice a month because we love the food. However service is always a bit lacking with or without the weekend rush. You'd almost think there is no management. The staff does do a good job with pushing people in and out and going through the motions of service like robots. But there is no one to asses special situations like a room full of dirty tables, no more OJ in the cooler case, a line outside the door, etc. Also, the only cashier taking orders is new. She was training a few weeks ago. You would think you would want someone with much more experience to work the breakfast rush so customers don't wait for so long while she figures things out and/or has to ask for assistance. To their credit, the staff is pretty friendly and accommodating for the most part and the food is awesome!! I love the Tasty Turkey on a plain bagel with plain cream cheese. My husband loves the green-chili and turkey sausage panini. The potato salad and spinach florentine bagels are amazing as well.
4	They are a little lacking in customer service. No warm greeting like at other breakfast locations. Also their drive thru window looks like a broom closet, not sure what's going on back there, but not exactly where I want my food. The bottom line: their bagels are to die for. The mega cheese one is my favorite. Love that they put the cream cheese on for you. Their coffee isn't bad either. Much cheaper way to start your morning (compared to starbucks at least)
2	Love the bagels but the customer service at this location is very poor. I have come in more than once, not during rush, to have them remark that they are out of ____. No apology. Just the facts. When ordering to go, have on more than one occasion, waited more than 15 min. Will probably not return, took awhile, but I've learned my lesson.... Voting with my dollar.
5	I always come in right when they are opening because they open early enough so I can get coffee before heading off to work. Iv always had the best customer service, the morning shift employees are what keeps me coming back for another mocha, plus they always make it just right. It's a good start to my morning. Keep up the good work!
3	I'm not always up for breakfast but when I am, I like a warm toasty bagel with lots of cream cheese!Einstein Bros Bagels is always the same:  Good bagels, friendly staff, and great coffee selection (Let's take some time out and thank the greater power for Winter Blend).  Service is always speedy at this location.  Even with the busy morning rush, I was in-and-out of there within 10-minutes.  For $3.99, you get a bagel and a coffee.  My wallet is happy!
2	The customer service here is terrible, except for the general manager. I came in when they weren't even busy, and they took a considerable amount of time to even get my order. When I did get my order, they forgot an item, and my coffee was room temperature. The manager there did fix my order for me, but this should not happen the first place. I've worked in food service before, and it's not that difficult to get an order right during off-peak hours.
3	I enjoy the menu options here, and the food is good.  I think it's a bit pricey for some of the items, but I don't question the quality.  I have since tried to stay away from these types of foods, but I do enjoy the occasional bagel with smear!
1	SLOWEST SERVICE EVER. Middle of the morning on a saturday and it took them almost 15 minutes to fully construct a plain bagel with cream cheese. I literally watched 8 other employees stand around the register and talk. Do not go here if you are in a hurry
1	I have now been here 3 times and this has to be the SLOWEST Einstein's ever.  I love Einstein Bagels, however I HATE waiting 10-15 minutes to get them.  I waited for a couple visits to post this review hoping that the slow wait times were not a consistent thing.....  Unfortunately my business will not be a consistent thing either for this location.
1	Grabbing a quick bite and was near this location.  Haven't been to an Einstein in a long time.  I thought, perfect they have a drive thru too.  Ordered a toasted cinnamon raisen bagel with cream cheese and was told $2.96. I thought I heard the cashier wrong,  when I got to the Window I confirmed the price. $1.50 for a tablespoon of cream cheese??? ..RIDICULOUS! !!! I remember the the days when they put too much on and I needed to take some off.  At least give me my monies worth. This is my last trip to Einsteins. For $3 I'd rather spend my hard earned money elsewhere.
2	I came here with my family for breakfast before touring Arizona scenery. Servers are very young and don't seem to be in a very good mood. When I ordered you can't see the prices on the cash register. I asked what was in the smoked salmon and the server at the cash register and she rolled her eyes. Bathrooms are absolutely horrendous. Don't go in there. They're dirty. The food was salty. Fruit salad was a tiny dish. Bagels are good.
4	It's been a while since I've been to an Einstein's but I woke up Saturday morning with a craving that couldn't have been satisfied anywhere else.I ordered the Asparagus, Mushroom & Swiss on a thin everything bagel. When I ordered it, the cashier said "is that the one with...." heck if I know, I just know it was good last time and that's what I want. I was taken aback a little by her question. But, she was friendly, just possibly new. Our food came out really fast and it was everything we hoped for and more. It was like a scavenger hunt to find a table that wasn't dirty though. I would like to see them actually wipe down tables. It wasn't busy (we slept in).
1	So slow! The bagels are good but service is just to slow. I tried the drive thru and again no happy face and an attitude.
2	The service was lousy. An elderly attendant w/glasses was very short with us customers.  I had to repeat my order for coffee. She said have a nice day; but in s way that felt F-you. Geeeeez.
