5	Dr. Mostafavi is an awesome ENT doc. Go see him if you need a great Doc
2	This is the first ENT office I've ever been to that has told my family that has refused to complete medical documentation for an insurance company, even after the office has been given a secific written HIPAA release. They are also the first ENT office that doesn't appear to understand that a person employed by a call center may not be allowed to report to work if that employee has lost their voice. This is with the staff admitting that they see a lot of call center employees for similar issues.The 2 star rating was given because the initial visit and treatment received would have warranted a 4 star rating, but what I've described above definitely brought the rating down.
5	I had to have a sleep study done as my Primary Care Physician gave me a preliminary diagnosis of sleep apnea and needed this symptom confirmed.  I went and saw the ENT Dr. here and was given a sleep study appointment.  The sleep study was scheduled 1 week from this initial visit and I was not real excited about it at all.I decided to go with their latest appointment, as I feared I would not be able to sleep, envisioning several doctors standing around in lab coats watching through a window as I lie there.  When I arrived, I was very happy to see the type of room I would be sleeping in during the study!  It was not the sterile hospital type foom I envisioned, rather more of a High End Hotel room with Satellite TV and Internet.  The bed was Very comfortable as well.  They did put electrodes all over my head and chest, but once the technician left, I just watched TV until I was sleepy and dozed off.The tech came in a few times during the night to make adjustments to the machines, but he was very pleasant and tried to be as quiet as possible.Let me tell you, I wish I would have done this 20 years ago as I have never felt better.  Oh, also, the machine they gave me is 100% quiet and only has a small tube that goes to my nose.  No more loud "Darth Vader" mask type machines for sleep apnea sufferers, these new quiet machines are portable and almost undetectable unless you told someone you were wearing it.Do yourself a Huge Favor; if you suffer from sleep apnea, go see ENTICARE, or ask your Primary Care Physician to refer you to them.
