3	This location is somewhere between the size of the Squirrel Hill location (tiny) and the Waterfront location (huge). It has all the basics, but it's a bit old and neglected. If you have the option, I'd suggest going to the Waterfront location instead, across the Rankin bridge.
2	This is the closest grocery store to me, and I go out of my way to avoid it.  Finding a parking spot is horrible with stop signs everywhere right in front of the main entrance to the store.Everything is all out of place and it's hard to make a connection as to where a product might be located in the store.  Mind you there are in the middle of a remodel, so I may come back and make and addendum to my review at a later date after the dust settles.  As prices go, they are the norm for the Pittsburgh area.  Variety, yeah, they got that covered.  Tidiness, they are working on that.
1	This store is so gross that I was almost sick! Onions peeled and half-rotten. Squishy garlic. Dirt everywhere. I will NEVER step foot in this place again.
4	With the recent update at this location it is much easier to navigate the store.  It's nicer, bigger and has a better selection of ready made foods.  It's amazing how a remodel can make an establishment a much better place to shop.Still putting on a few finishing touches here and there, but I might actually stop in more frequently to pick up something quick to eat at the ready made counters.  It'll make it easier when I'm running late after the gym to just pick it up and go from here.Parking lot is still a mess, but will hardly ever change.Oh, watch out too, they have applied for a liqueur license to be able to sell six packs with their addiction of a cafe...smart move Giant Eagle.  Not very many places in the Swissvale/Edgwood area to go pick up a quick brew.
3	This Giant Eagle just went through a recent face lift renovation. I can't speak to the employees or the cleanliness of the store, though I will say it's ghetto level is about a 5 or 6 out of 10. What I really want to say about this Giant Eagle is that they added a Cafe! Yes, a cafe and if you live in pittsburgh you know what that means! 6 Packs of Beer at a reasonable price. Even though they have a limit to how much beer you can buy per visit it's still the best way to buy 6packs in Pittsburgh. It will cost you a extra buck or two but it's still better than most bottle shops I have ever been to.
2	I really don't get Giant Eagle. They are nice enough, but pricing just makes no sense at all to me. It is close to my house so I'll drop in to buy a thing or two, but would rather go just about anywhere else for my weekly shopping trip.
3	Fairly typical chain grocery store. Although I have my reasons for liking them:1) Discounted Kennywood Tickets2) Good selection of Pittsburgh Specific food (i.e. Isaley's Chipped ham, etc.)3) Cheaper than a whole foods/wawa
4	MUCH nicer since the renovation! The only thing I don't love is that there are rarely baskets near the entrance, and it's weird how you have to go through the whole produce area to get to the rest of the store!Checkers are usually friendly here, and good selection and variety.
2	I love that most of their employees make it known that they would rather be anywhere else but here. The prices are higher than most other competitors but it's the closest store to us so it's easy to get to.
