4	What a delightfully friendly couple that own this place. I'm not going to talk about Blimpie's food quality, you all know what they have and what it tastes like. The owners, however, are very nice people that like to converse with their regulars and treat everyone like they are a friend. If you're looking for fast food in this area, you should try this Blimpie over Taco Bell, KFC, etc.
1	Noon and I'm starving! hadn't eaten since the night before... i could feel my stomach slowly eating itself! after picking up some stuff on my way back to work i saw Blimpies... as usual... seen it a million times but never stopped in. there were a few folks inside... looked cozy enough.. the lady behind the counter wasn't very social... just what do you want.. and that was it... :( i had a toasted 6in with roast beef/ turkey/ cheddar... They didn't have very many veggies to choose from..... not even pickles... for some reason the sandwich was really small and was not filling at all... i was still hungry... It left me wishing i had chosen subway instead... and just for that dinky sub i spent $4.75... Not worth it in my book...
3	Been here a few times for lunch as I work right next door in Costco. Decent food, nothing to rave about, usually have a good lunch special each day. They did just remodel the interior while being closed about two weeks. Inside is very nice now, more inviting and modern. It was really starting to look dated so the refreshed look is great. The manager is fantastic as well, always asking if you need anything, just making sure you're taken care of. Some days I just don't feel like coming here and I'm not quite sure why, but when I have gone in it's been okay. Nice to have that other option so close just in case nothing else sounds appealing that day.
5	If you have never been to a Blimpie, then I suggest you drop everything and head over to one now. This has been to only sub shop I have ever enjoyed. Their Blimpie Best should be an award winner. Also, the customer service at this location is phenomenal! They are so we welcoming and kind. This will be my regular location for now on!
5	Those are are my friends and use yelp mobile know, J and I LOVE us some Blimpie!  Mike and Kathy, the owners, really go above and beyond when it comes to customer service.  Never does a visit pass where I walk through the door and I hear Mike say, "HEY JILL!!!!"  Or have Kathy ask how Little C is doing.  :)  Fresh product.  Like seriously fresh.  J and I always get the Blimpie Best, the Blimpie Way, with hot and sweet peppers added.  Seriously, so good!!  We get Little C a meatball sandwich, hold the bread.  He gobbles the meatballs down.  C is all about flavor, nothing bland for that kid.  So you know they have to be good meatballs!  :)I'll never step foot into another Subway again. If you have yet to try Blimpie's yet, what are you waiting for!?!?
