2	The food's okay for the buffet price, but be prepared for shoddy service, especially if it's busy.  Went for the Sunday morning buffet and experienced all of the following: 1) Wait staff seems to be overwhelmed with tables and frequently disappears for long periods of time.2) Workers who restock the buffet can barely speak English and when you ask them about a food item that seems to be missing from the buffet they simply tell you that they don't have it and blow you off.  They don't even tell you that your waitress might be able to get you that item from the kitchen.3) One of the hostesses has a real attitude on her and can barely contain her contempt for the customers.  I asked her specifically to find my waitress at one point and she never did.  I had to get up and find my waitress myself.All in all this is a very poorly run establishment, which I blame on management for not having enough wait staff onsite during the busy hours, and also for not making sure that the hostesses and buffet workers communicate politely and effectively to the customers.  The waitresses seem to be doing their best but they are limited by the disorganization that is caused by management's inability to run a tight ship.  I'm sticking with Golden Corral from now on.
1	Went to this Shoney's for the first time with my fiance for the breakfast buffet. We first walked in the the waitress at the front seemed a little distracted, she was not pleaureable at all and she didnt even smile. Once seated at the table we received another waitress who was indeed very helpful but looking around at other waitresses they also seemed distracted and like they didnt want to work. They had attitudes and didnt want to help the customers. One man at a table next to us went to ask her a question and she quickly said your waiter will be here shortly and all the man wanted was more napkins. Mind you his waiter never came. On top of that the food was very salty and greasy. Id suggest they do back ground checks on their employees and hire folks with good customer service and perhaps hire them a little older because the bunch that were there were very young.
2	Location is a little run down, but it's Shoneys. You kind of get what you pay for. Food is still decent, but not best quality. One positive is you have a big variety!
2	the food is ok. i went on a wednesday night for the breakfast buffet and the waitresses were ok- but the food was horrible. i had 3 pancakes and they were hard and the syrup was cold. one pancake i couldnt actually bite into. another thing is, the bacon had excess fat on it. i would not come back.
2	I was surprised this business was in existence.  I went for a meeting an wanted to order a single order of French toast.  I was told it is only available on the buffet.  Well that was a wrap for me.  I am glad our meeting is changing either way I will not be returning.
