4	great bar kinda close to downtown las vegas. a hangout for local downtown people. not young urbanites but crusty gamblers and old school vegas white-collars (yeah you padio & keizer). you should go on friday nights for karaoke. people are friendly and will talk to out-of towners (even shitheads). the jukebox is loaded with classic rock and country western. there is no dancefloor but people usually begin dancing after 11pm by the pool tables.
5	Best karaoke night ever. Everyone who sang here was good to really good, I mean outside of the fact that they don't look the part they could be singing for a living good. Well ok not everyone, but it definitely wasn't the std karaoke fare, which is good to, but ... Anyway we were in Vegas for a long weekend and a friends wedding. We start out Saturday night for his bachelor party. It started off slow, but picked up as the night went on. At some point we ended up in a party van, completely with porn, headed to the Olympic Gardens, which by the way was so-so, and we didn't stick around there for long. Half of the group never went in and instead went across the street to Dino's."The last neighborhood place in Vegas" or something like that. It was a cool place, the kinda i like to hang out in. Drinks, pool, etc. etc. Everyone knew everyone else, except us, but they still were really friendly. Half of the group we were with were part of the groom's former band, and i wished I'd seem them preform after watching these guys do karaoke.  One hell of a show.So yeah, nobody goes to Vegas to go to places like Dino's but they sure as hell should. If you're there and aren't that in to gambling and don't feel like spending $100 bucks on a show, check this place out.
5	Dino's is a local's staple.  It's one of those places you go to if you want to run into people you know. The old neon sign out front welcomes you into its debaucherous fold.  The karaoke is legendary, and every once in a while you'll get a live treat from a local band - and usually Rob Ruckus is IN that band.There's not much to say really:  It's an old place with history and it's as relevant today as it was in its inception.
2	Sorry kids, I hate to dumb this down but we read about Dino's and were shocked to find it as a cinder block, boring bar in the middle of the wretched strip befor even downtown.  At night when it fills up with crazy drunks it might appeal to somebody but not me. Dean Martin never drank here, for a reason.
5	Dino's doesn't look like much, inside or out. That's not the point.  It's a dive bar with a kickass karaoke selection, a room of pool tables, cheap drinks, and clean bathrooms.  It's like a little piece of heaven.The crowd was interesting, as it definitely seemed like tons of regulars congregate here, but they were also very open and supportive of visitors.  As far as dress goes, anythign goes: I felt as comfortable in my LBD as others did in prep wear, ripped cut-offs, or Hawaiian shirts.In our group of four, we combined to sing Sex Pistols, the Cult, "Take On Me," "With Or Without You" and the song I chose, "Since U Been Gone." That's the kind of variety on this songlist!We ended up staying here past Daylight Savings...way past.  As we tumbled out in a haze of cigarette smoke and kamikaze shots and rum at 5 in the morning, I internally bemoaned not paying the big bucks to fly back from Vegas rather than driving.  But the exhaustion I felt Sunday, as well as my scratchy voice and smoke-scented hair, were so worth it for four fun-filled hours at Dino's.
4	Dino's is the sort of dive bar where you can and will see anybody.  It's right across the street from the OG strip club and half way between the Strip and downtown.  Karaoke is the big draw, at 10 most nights.  Most cannot sing, at all.  I guess that's not the point.DON'T GO til after 10, preferably 11.  It's an odd bird.  But sometimes odd birds can be fun.
3	Pretty okay place.. Jack and Coke was $2.50 according the blonde bartender and $3 according to the brunette bartender (which made me wonder if she was just trying to squeeze out 50 cents a pop to add to her hourly wage), although a bit on the weak side regardless. I had never been to a kareoke bar before this one so it was all brand new and shiny to me. And kinda dirty and kinda smelly haha. There was an interesting mix of people here. I'd give it 2.5 stars if I could. Not quite shit-tastic and not quite fantastic, but enough for a pretty good time.P.S. The mexican food place next door is AWFUL. Do not ever go there.
5	What can I say about this place? The crowd was very friendly, they had a good jukebox, there was karaoke and pool tables. Did I mention that it's open 24 hours? It's one of the older bars in Vegas and that is highly appealing in the era of floofy cocktail bars. It was dark, dirty and reeked of yesteryear. We bopped in to have one drink and ended up staying all night. We witnessed a biker and a mexican fighting and rolling like a tumbleweed across the floor - four stars.
3	I went to Dino's last night for a fundraising event for First Friday, Las Vegas's monthly arts festival (yes, we *do* have culture here! LOL). Normally, I wouldn't have gone over to Dino's if it wasn't for that reason, but Dino's is one of those places where "what you see is what you get."It's a dive, a "hole in the wall" type of place near the Stratosphere where a lot of the locals go. They had a DJ spinning some pretty cool stuff, some 80s, which I liked, and some weird alternative stuff. They also had a silent as well as a live auction to help raise money for the event. Their drinks were nice and strong, a little too strong if you ask me because after three drinks I was pretty much out for the count. The staff wasn't the friendliest, but they had their hands full since there were a lot of people at the event, so I'll give them the benefit of the doubt this time. I also heard from someone at the bar that they've been the number one karaoke bar in Vegas for seven years straight. I enjoy a good round of karaoke, so I'll have to check it out. They also have a jukebox there if you want to play your own tunes.There was a gentleman outside who served some pretty good Polish sausage and hot dogs. The pretzels are nothing to write home about, so I suggest you try one of their hot dogs instead. I think their dogs are probably one of the best in the city, even better than Pink's (I've been to the one in Hollywood - kind of overrated). I don't know if he's there all the time, but I would definitely get one his dogs again when I'm Downtown. Never judge a book by it's cover! :-)Would I come back here again if there wasn't an event going on? Maaaaybe...for the karaoke if nothing else. :-)
4	Been going here for years and love it. I love the eclectic crowd were homeless, rockabillys, lawyers, hipsters, doctors, etc. all get along and sing crazy karaoke until the sun comes up. Highly recommended if you're looking to hang out with unpretentious folk who are just looking to have a good time. The only reason it's not five stars is that it's become a little too popular for it's own good. Can be SUPER crowded from midnight - 2am on Fridays and Saturdays.
5	Visited on a Thursday night. Small, dark, very smoky bar. People were extra friendly and welcoming. Outstanding karaoke DJ. Cheap beer. Great fun!
3	So a few of us are at First Friday in downtown and decide to have some after party action. We aren't sure what's close enough in walking distance and two of us immediately go, "Let's Yelp it" (yay, for Yelp on the iPhone!).We wanted to go to a bit of a dive bar and Dino's popped up, had four stars, and was a couple of blocks away. "Ding ding ding, we have a winner!" Or so I thought.When we walked in, it certainly had the look of a dive bar, down to the busted plastic divider that holds the pool balls after they've been sunk such that you don't actually have to put money into the table to play. The problem was that the mood and the atmosphere just were not there. I've been to some pretty interesting dive bars. Ones where the owner's dogs loll about looking for a good scratch behind the ear, or where you find an eclectic mix of people and start up a conversation with a person carrying their As Seen On TV birthday gift around with them. Dino's is not that kind of place. At least it wasn't when I visited. Dino's isn't a bad place, but it's not a great place either. It's just a run of the mill dive bar.
4	Dino's is one of those places you grant stars, not for conventional merit, but you rate based on the price-versus-quality scale. There is no cover at Dino's. You'll drink PBR from plastic Dixie cups all night long. You may end up slipping in the bathroom and bruising a rib. Dino's is a dive bar. Shit is shitty. I went tonight and both pool tables were "down." There's only one ladies bathroom stall and the sink may be plugged up with cum rags. Someone may be yaking in the corner. But take it all with a grain of salt, for it is all part of Dino's charm. You'll have fun if you go. Shit always goes down. I've gotten a few money shots. Seen a few trannies. Sang a few karaoke songs I probably shouldn't have. I love Dino's. The best past is Danny G's karaoke. I think he doesn't show up til around 10p (Thursdays through Saturdays only), but he has virtually any song worth karaoke'ing. There are plenty of binders with the song listings, but he may be able to hunt down even the unlisted. His services are free, but as in the true Las Vegas fashion, you will stay at the bottom of the queue if you don't tip. Danny G himself is a worthy lounge entertainer and will treat the crowd to a Danny G special when things slow down. Between songs, he'll also make his own sound effects, like improv commercials. There is a small stage you can stand on to sing. But if you get the crowd riled up enough, they'll dance in front of the stage and even ON the stage and you'll get pushed to the back of the stage. Ask me how I know. On any given night, prepare yourself for a cluster for hipster art students and nasties. I believe every month there is a drunk of the month elected in. You may get solicited. There's also a hot dog stand right outside in case you need something to soak up the alcohol.  Dino's is right across from Olympic Gardens. Classy. The parking lot is just barely big enough. Drinks are decently priced. Because lord knows, you're not paying for ambiance. Or are you?
3	SUPER cheap drinks, but you do have to listen to the creeper karaoke host make this trademark yodel sound  inbetween "singers". I swear last time I was there I saw a kid in there no older than 15.  Classy. It is one of those places you go to for a bit that can become a blackhole sucking you in until you are too drunk to leave and start enjoying it. Please, don't let that happen to you. Good for a starting point, a pop in the middle, probably not a night ender tho. Remember, the black hole!!
5	Goodness gracious great balls of fire!! Going into this place was a little scary because it was a very small place off Las Vegas Boulevard towards downtown and diagonally across from Olympic Gardens. Initially, I had a foo foo attitude walking in.  It quickly grew on me to love and enjoy Dino's! There is not a lot of room to sit, has one bar, a pool table towards the back, a singing stage and all walks of life of people who are having a ball singing!! It was an amazing night of karaoke and there is no need to get up on stage to sing because you can sing along out loud with everyone else! Dino's is terrific!
4	Can we say dive bar? OMG, this place was packed and full of such a variety of people, that the people watching alone was worth it.  Everyone was singing and dancing without much care in the world. Loved it. Outside was a little sketchy though.
4	A man in his 60's wearing sunglasses and a black suit approaches the karaoke stage. The karaoke guy turns on "like a rolling stone" but doesn't even bother to turn the lyrics on. The best rendition of Bob Dylan I've heard in my life begins, but nothing surprised me more than to see Mr. sunglasses bust out a harmonica half way through ! Wow, he really nailed the entire thing - harmonica and all. That my friends sums up my night at Dino's. Surprisingly fun/talented/cool karaoke . Who are these karaoke freaks? Do they practice karaoke all the time? Where are the drunk idiots I'm used to seeing (ok yeah, there were a couple of those)? In general quite the cool bunch of folks getting up there. Cheap drinks (think $3 for a well), 0 atmosphere, but the best people watching in Las Vegas. Mullets (on women). Insane tats. Hipsters. People in their 20's dressed to the nines in 60's gear. Mr. Bob Dylan wannabe. Definitely a fun spot !
5	Not for everyone but a second home to me. Love that doctors, lawyers, rockabillys, hipsters, douchebags, and homeless folks can co-exist peacefully and sing bad, but really fun karaoke. What more can you ask for?
5	Great Karaoke spot. You never know who you might run into but it's always a welcome surprise.
4	I think there was awhile when I first moved to the Huntridge neighborhood  area that I may have spent more time at Dino's than at my supposedly full time job.... however, I have yet to achieve(?) the much-coveted Drunk of the Month status [edit: this is no longer true, I was named Drunk of the Month for November 2010! HOLLA!], which will earn you a picture on the wall, a t-shirt, and a dedicated parking space for a month.It's a great locals place, cheap drinks, good karaoke, like so many others have said.  They do a lot of fun special events, such as the Drunk Spelling Bee (which I just realized I am missing right now, dammit!!), Dr. Sketchy's, Feminist Drinking Club game nights, movies, etc.  Karaoke is Thurs, Fri, Sat and the place gets PACKED.  There is usually an ebb and flow to the crowd from 12-4am.  Karaoke usually goes til folks quit tipping or the sun comes up.  (I have sung there after 6 am....).  And now you can even get Naked City sandwiches delivered there in case you need something to sop up the booze.Cons - super smoky, can be super crowded, ladies bathroom line can be insanely long.
4	Oh, Dino's. We are in love-hate relationship.I guess I will make a list as to why I feel this way. I'll divvy it up into two sections:LOVE:Karaoke with Danny G Thurs-Saturday is a blast!Danny G is the bee's knees. (I pity the fool that doesn't tip Danny G.)Drink prices are amazing. ($3 for a vodka cran!)No cover, ever!The hot dog stand on the weekends is delicious!No charge for refills on sodas. (Yay, designated drivers!)There are two pool tables and separate beer pong table.Free popcorn at the bar!HATE:It gets crowded, quickly.It's super, duper smoky.The layout is kind of poopy (for lack of a better word).It's super loud at times.The bathroom line can get long. After a few cheap vodka crans it can hurt waiting in line for a while. It's hard to move around in the place when it's packed.It's in a shady part of town. (The 'hood!)Sometimes it takes forever to sing.Overall, I know that Dino's is a good time. It's completely chill and relaxed. It's a locals joint. The low prices, friendly bartenders and the diversity of the patronages makes Dino's one of my favorite spots.
5	DINO'S...Probably the best place in Vegas to karaoke and watch people. Not even the karaoke regulars or singers, but everyone in that place.Also a top destination if you are interested in joining conga lines in awkwardly shaped dive bars.You've got pool, beer pong, karaoke, or just sitting and watching. Either way, guaranteed good time. Drinks are fairly cheap and the crowd is random. Yes, there is only one restroom for ladies and the line can be long Fridays or Saturdays. It's worth it though. Just hold it in girls. Dino's makes you think of a circus that you kind of just sit in the middle of. It's beautiful. Just go and experience it for yourself.
2	DIVE BAR! I do not get the fascination for DIVE Bars
5	if you wanna parlay all night roll here........if u like to party if not stay home one of my fav spots well living in Vegas!
5	What a rad little Vegas dive. We walked into this joint and felt immediately welcome among a small daytime crowd of locals. If I lived here, I'd go here a lot. I'd be one of those local regulars, no problem. This is exactly the kind of bar I dig- nothing fancy, just great customers and conversational staff. I'll be back. I bet this place gets exciting after dark...
5	This Location is clutch, and flavor is excellent, in terms of diveyness. Plus really bad karaoke which caused my brother-in-law John  to get 86'd. I believe we each had two Buds and a shot of Jaeger in a short amount of time. Franklly, I believe John was surly and combative since our prior stop was the Atomic Liquor on Fremont street, which is like the holy Frickin Grail of Divebars. It was like Dive Bar PTSD. Guaranteed good time at Dino's.
4	Ahh Dino's...If you can't win at Dino's, Don't play!The other reviews pretty much sum it up.  Cheap drinks ($2.50 beers that increase to $3 during karaoke), fun karaoke and great people watching.  Oh and you're also right across the street from the OG so if Dino's isn't cutting the mustard you can run across the street for your pole dance fix.If you are into the karaoke on the weekends be sure to show up around 10, it get's pretty crowded and unless you get your ticket in soon, and tip Danny G, you'll be waiting a while to get on stage.  The play list is extensive and carries some tunes I've never seen at other bars.  Some of the talent here is fabulous.Ugh, hack, it's hella smokey in this place.
4	Dino's will forever hold the title for taking my karaoke virginity. After it was over and done with I felt so used and dirty; just how I like it.The drinks are indeed cheap.The atmosphere is indeed a haze of cigarette smokes which certainly offends my Californian senses.This joint was PACKED for Saturday night karaoke with The One and The Only Danny G.The karaoke went from The Good to The Bad to The Ugly (i.e. Moi). But guess what? Everybody is trashed and nobody cares! Woo Hooo!P.S. Goodbye Earl by the Dixie Chicks; not a karaoke crowd pleaser. Who'da thunk it?
5	My 100th review! Had to make it special and Dino's sure is that. Went there for my 30th Birthday with a group of about 12 and had the time of my life.Looks smaller than it is inside. Cheap drinks. Locals who don't act like jerks to the tourists wandering in. And karaoke to boot. If you're looking for something less expensive but more memorable than the $100 cover clubs on the strip, this is your place. Check the attitude and the Jersey Shore clothing at the door and have yourself a grand fucking time!
3	Came here with a crew of coworkers for Karole and drinks, little did we know that Karaoke runs only Thursday-Saturday so that was a strike one. Luckily it was the only strike Dino's got.The Place is a Dive Bar, the staff was friendly, and the beer was cold, the Jukebox had a good selection, and the pool tables were fun (they may be a little off true but after a few beers so was I).I really want to come back when Karaoke is going on from what I hear it draws quite an interesting crowd.
5	Everything about this place screams fun time. I adore this place! Cheap beers, smokey atmosphere, neon beer signs, diverse crowd, and karaoke. Situated within walking distance of the Strat, (my go-to cheap casino) and across the street from a burlesque joint. It's biker bar meet classic dive with a hint of lime. Yes, lime. I don't know why but that's the fruit that comes to mind.My group was clearly from out-of-town, and we were treated like everyone else; something that makes me very happy. I love feeling comfortable when around strangers.I like to think that Thin Lizzy's 'Dino's Bar & Grill' is actually this place. From this moment on, every time I step foot in Dino's, "The Boys are Back in Town' will be performed on the karaoke stage.
5	Serious local hang. Never a dull moment. yes, there's kareoke, but I promise it's not annoying. Most people here know how to sing and pick out fun stuff.
5	Cheap and great drinks, fantastic karaoke, spectacular beer pong table, funny looking people....umm, that sounds like a great night to me!! it is smoky in there though... :( (but it's a bar!)
4	Blair B.'s review pretty much has this place nailed. Though we're not short on these, Dino's is one of Vegas' most entertaining people-watching scenes. On the Saturday night I dropped by, the cozy bar was packed with diversity. A group of guys calmly played cards near the stage. Kareoke regulars performed some old favorites and even their own original songs! Impressive. The DJ wore a black t-shirt with a rainbow-colored MTV logo that changed colors with the beat of the music. His solo performance would bring me back again. If you drop by for a cheap beer, you'll want to stay. The only downer is the smoke. It's thick.
1	beyond dive
3	I don't like dive bars, especially dive bars that leave you and your clothes smelling like smoke hours after leaving the place. I've been to a couple dive bars around town, and compared to the others, Dino's is definitely the most smokey. Every time I go, I end up smelling like smoke (My poor lungs). I don't like to drink a lot, so I can't comment on the drink prices, but my friends seem to have no complaints about the pitchers of beer they buy. Anyways, the first time I went here, I wasn't too thrilled. No one warned me about the type of videos being played on the TVs at the back of the bar. Although tame compared to the videos being played at The Black Door (see my review), still...I don't like it. Luckily, the karaoke stage is at the opposite end of the bar, so I don't have to face those TVs. The crowd is an interesting mix of people young and old. One of my friends got hit on by a man old enough to be her grandfather, which was pretty creepy. Also, the neighborhood is sketchy, but then again, I usually am more sensitive to these types of things than other people. I'm giving this place three stars for the karaoke. I personally haven't tried it here, but I find enough enjoyment watching other people sing or attempt to sing songs that I've either heard or not heard before. There are some singers that impress me, but there are many more singers that entertain me. Look out for the old man who sings Frank Sinatra songs. As the night progresses and the alcohol flows, the singing gets progressively worse, which makes for a more entertaining night. Danny G., the DJ, is quite a character as well (Just make sure it's nobody's birthday, as he says "Happy Birthday" on a continual basis throughout the night using a Woody the Woodpecker-esque voice. Funny at first, then get's progressively annoying.) If it wasn't for karaoke and invites from my friends, I wouldn't come here. I really can't stand the smoke. Tip for those who are planning to sing: Sign up early and give a nice tip to Danny G. to ensure your karaoke spot. I've heard that the more you tip, the earlier you'll get to sing, especially on nights when there are a lot of people in line.
5	So for my first review... Dino's seems fitting. I love this place! If you're looking for a good time, fun karaoke, and fairly priced drinks this is the place to go. Danny G DJs karaoke every Thursday, Friday, and Saturday. He stays long after he stops getting paid, so remember to tip your DJ! (It also seems the more you tip the faster you get to sing ;)    I should mention that they often play bad 70s porn on the tvs behind the bar. I find this amusing, but I have had friends go who were not happy I didn't warn them. It just depends on your sense of humor, and what type of place you prefer to hang out. I love it! You should definitely check this place out at least once!
4	According to Nicole, Sunday is Movie Night, in which she will play a movie on one of the side bar televisions. The movie plays without sound, which you won't need because you know it already. Still you'll find yourself watching bits and pieces in between chatting it up with Nicole or just about everyone else in the place. Don't be surprised if a complete stranger comes up to you and asks you to help her pick out a song on the jukebox. If you spend an hour here, its likely you will spend some of that time in conversation with probably half of the patrons.This is the kind of old-time tavern that makes you feel like you just walked into the bar back home. There's an instant warmth of familiarity, like it would be no big surprise if you were to run into an old friend, as if you were expecting them to be here. They have pool and beer pong and of course a jukebox. Thursday, Friday and Saturday are apparently Karaoke nights, which is definitely on my short list of things to do very soon. You'll almost certainly walk out of Dino's glad you made the trip.
5	Gurrrrrrrrrrl,  this place is the diveyest of dive bars and it's awesome.  The first time I ever came here there was a huge bar fight in the parking lot.Some big bad looking vato and some waifish looking hipster had a battle royal and it was awesome.I didn't bother to runoutside like everyone else and watch that hipster get his face beaten in because it was very clear to me that fight was going to be sort of a waste of my time.So while everyone else ran outside, I got a seat at the bar and the bartender gave me a drink on the house for not being a fucking reatard lookey-loo.If I lived in Vegas, I'd probably live at Dinos.
4	Ah...what can I say about Dino's that hasn't been said.  It's a solid neighborhood bar.  It's smokey and divey, but that's part of it's considerable charm.  If you're looking for great off the strip drink prices and epic people watching, then Dino's is the place.  They have Karoake on Thurs, Fri, & Sat nights and that's the best free show in Vegas!
4	On my first trip to Vegas my friend was talking about how cool this was , she was right on the money . Its the can of place that does not take any shit and will knock you sideways if you piss them off , but its the can on place if you are cool its like home . The staff once they now you are okay is friendly and will answer all you questions that you may ask . This place is full of locals which too is a good sign , they are just there to a good drink at a cheap price . They place has a pool table , ping pong table , juke box one of the new ones that place any song and some nights karaoke . When I go back to Vegas I am going back to drink at Dino's . They have no food but there is a pizza place right next good .
5	The experience at Dino's went beyond anything I could have ever expected.  There is literally something for everyone.  Do you like to people watch? Well between the Karaoke enthusiasts, hipsters, senior citizens, locals, and tourists my eyes were overwhelmed by the feast.  Are you a heavy drinker? Well bring $20 and you'll be stumbling out the place.  Looking for a challenge? Take you pick: fight your fears of public performance and hit the karaoke stage, show off your stick handling moves at the pool table, or combine your love of drinking and sport at the beer pong table.  Dino's is the local bar I've been looking for my entire time here in Vegas, now I just have to move closer so I can walk home when necessary.
4	Love Love Love Dino's!I went last night (Friday) for the first time with my gal pal. Wow Kevin the bartender freaking rocks! Cheap drinks, shot of Jack with a coke back and a southern comfort and cranberry $9 bucks total! I was plastered I must say, the first time I have gone to a bar and actually get wasted!Two pool tables and even a beer pong table! Party central baby! And a jukebox that rocks! Gotta have music baby!Karaoke is the best! The KJ is awesome! The crowd is fantastic as well, a nice mix of locals and visitors! I was able to rock out two songs within a short period of time and it was packed. I sang billy idol, white wedding and sex on fire, kings of leon, was awesome! A lot of us were also dancing, this is a place where you can let it all out and be yourself and be loved back!You don't have to sing karaoke to have fun here!Karaoke is Thursday, Friday and Saturday. Go on friday and you will have the opportunity to meet ME! lololKaraoke starts at 10pm, get their early otherwise it will be wall to wall people and no tables left. This joint has a great following.Last night was one of my best experiences ever in Vegas.Food is not served however, there are plenty of close options outside on the lot such as independent carts, mmmm pulled pork sandwiches, etc. Plus that I love Arepas place that everyone yelps about is on the corner. I will try them next time. I love you Dino's!I may have to do a yelp karaoke night invite for Dino's was soooooo much fun, just a great place overall.
4	Awwwww yeah Dino's baby!Once again a fantastic fun filled saturday night  having some drinkies and getting down with karaoke!Karaoke Jockey Danny G. rocks the house! By far the best KJ in town.This joint is small and always brings a great crowd!Inexpensive booze, pool tables, room for dancing, karaoke and an awesome bar staff! You can't go wrong!Dino's you rock!
4	Let's keep this simple;A Real bar in Las Vegas.
4	Fun fun place.  Its a dive...but in a good way.  Fun karaoke without the pressure of being awesome...pool tables.Drinks are in plastic cups...but they still have a kick.  Has a good energy without getting over crowded.  Just  good place to hang out with your firends.  Definitely smokey.
3	Old, shitty bar which is redeemed by the lively crowd you'll find there. Wouldn't call it a dive bar as it doesn't have any unique physical characteristics; it's just a plain, run-down piece of crap that's frequented by fun people
3	I am torn by this place. It attracts such an eclectic crowd that made it enjoyable, must not well ventilated that made me chock. With all this talk about dive bars, I enjoy scouting them out now. Dino's has a lot going for it. The drinks are cheap and I Love Arepas will definitely draw me back to this area. Came on a Friday night around 9:30 after eating outside and the bar was empty, but once the karaoke started, it was packed. I definitely admire people who are willing to stand up in front of a crowd and bust out some classics.
4	Beer pong, karaoke, and pool tables - Dino's has it all. The crowds draw in everyone - from the country crooners to the party scene to whatever our crowd happened to be. Beer is continuously flowing at decent prices - four dollars for a beer on tap. But the big draw in of Dino's has to be the karaoke - made even better with Danny G on the weekends. Perhaps it's the intoxicated memories, but the liveliness of karaoke and the dive decor and feel of Dino's hits a tender spot in my heart.
5	Feels like you stepped back to a seedier time ( a good thing!) cheap strong drinks A MUST SEE in Las Vegas!
5	This is my favorite bar in town. Divey, eclectic, fun and interesting. The people watching is worth the trip !!! VERY reasonable prices and definitely the best karaoke in town.
5	Writing about Dino's Lounge on Yelp is kinda like telling everyone where your favorite fishing hole is.  You don't want it to be spoiled.  You want to protect it and keep all to yourself... But I do find wisdom in this quote from Churchill... " If you have knowledge, let others light their candles with it" so I will share.  Also,  there has already been 58 reviews so the cat is out of the bag!!!!Okay - so I prefer a cool hang out place over a club or pretentious Blue Martini kinda place any day.  On top of that - this may be the best Karoake joint in the west.The place is basic.  It is a bar.  Nobody trying too hard here.    A couple of pool tables.  I love the chairs with that dark red vinyl reminicent of the early 80's.  Low ceilings.  It is big enough but not too big.  It has that dive bar charm with out being a shithole.  It has landed on the fine line of being a cool hangout dive instead of a run down gross old bar where the owners don't care.  The Two bartenders were making drinks and serving them fast.  Which was good.  The place on a Saturday night got packed around 11:oo or so.  The best part of this place is the clientelle.  It is a mix of everyone!  People just having fun.  The people are friendly.  All types.  I feel at home at a place where peeps just want to have a good time and didn't go somewhere just to be seen...This is easily the best karoake Joint in Vegas!  The KJ keeps things moving and mixes it up pretty good.  What really makes this place better ...... again... the crowd.  Nobody singing downer stuff like "Feelings" or slow crap.  It was all fun upbeat foot stompers toe tapping sing-along feel good tunes!  One gal got up and killed some "2 live Crew" follow up by the best Sinatra I have ever seen!  Dudes got up and nailed "baby's got back" & "Devil Went Down To Georgia" it was cool!!!Oh and BTW - There was a tv monitor playing some 70's porn in the corner of the bar.  Not sure what that was about but I can appreciate the artistic nature of it.In the event someone rates this place less than 4stars - I would say that person was just in the wrong place.
5	Where do I start with Dino's???? If you want to go to a dive bar like you had back in whatever home town you were from, where everyone knows you, then you gotta check this place out! When you first walk in if the sun is out, you have to let your eyes adjust because it is DARK in here, which to me is totally fine. The bartenders are great! The drink prices, HANDS DOWN are the CHEAPEST and STRONGEST of anyplace in Las Vegas. Thursday night through Saturday night are karaoke nights which are packed with anthing from off duty firefighters, teachers, construction workers, bikers and attorneys all out having a great time singing, laughing and drinking together. If you want to stay sober and watch the shenanigans and laugh at the drunks singing you totally can, or you can be one of the drunks up there belting out horrible sounding music for everyone to laugh at but then they still cheer and whistle for you when you're done. I love this place, but you might not if you demand only being in "pretty places". You gotta experience Dino's at least once in your life though.
4	First time to Dino's and have to say, it was a blast. Great people and I'm coming back.
3	"When music was music, and lyrics were lyrics"
5	Perfect dive bar.  Don't go here unless you are looking for a dirty dive bar.  If that's what you're looking for however, then look no further.  One of the best if not the best in town!
5	Love Dino's and I went when there were only four other people in there.  I understand that karaoke is awesome there, but it's also just a great spot to grab a drink since it's got a lot of space, parking and is full of locals so you can avoid all the douchiness of the strip.   I had an arepa at the spot on the corner which was pretty good and got some dessert frozen custard across the street at Luv It - a great one-two before washing it down with some alcohol at Dino's!
5	This place is a hole in the wall place that I wil never forget.  My husband and I came to have our first celebration drink at this place on Sunday right after we got married.  If you ever stop in to get a drink, you will find a dollar taped to the wall that states "Mike and Michelle married 11/13/2011"  the funny thing is that its right on top of another dollar that states "I lost my virginity at Dinos"  Great times with the man I love.  The bartender was very nice and she made us some strong drinks :)  We hope to stop in when they have Karaoke night.  They have a huge selection of songs.  Stop by and check it out.
5	My favorite bar! Ever! I have only been there on karaoke nights. Around 10 it starts getting really packed. We got there early and grabbed a table. There are such interesting and entertaining people there. Drinks are also pretty cheap.
4	This is a karaoke bar that attracts throngs of people from all walks of life and welcomes them into a truly Dive Bar experience.  This place has ample second hand smoke, cheap drinks, stiff pours, bad singing, and fun people.  I had always driven by and never stopped but now that I have it's certainly a fun place to hangout with a group of friends or just to make new ones where the goal is fun and inebriation.  I visited it on the evening of a First Friday so I given the many fans of this place I may need to check it out on a regular weekend night to see what fun is to be had with mostly regulars.
4	This bar is now one of my favorite places in Las Vegas. 2 shots & a beer for $9?? Yes please! The crowd was so diverse and the karaoke was fabulous! We went there on a Saturday night and it was crowded, smokey and fun. If you can't handle smoke, then this is not the place for you! The bartenders have a stiff pour and the rest of the staff is very friendly. Please be advised that true to Dive Bar standards, there is only one toilet in the bathroom, so you WILL be waiting to take a pee, so don't break the seal ladies!
3	When your friends go to the Olympic Garden to waste some cash, come here and have a great time.  Local bar with great prices....very cool crowd.
5	I'm obsessed with this place. It definitely is one of my favorite bars in Vegas and in general. If I lived closer I'd be here every weekend. The crowd is great. It's a mix of older folk, tattooed kids, and locals. There is karaoke on the weekends and the crowd definitely gets into it. The drinks are really cheap, especially for Vegas, and you definitely won't spend as much as you would if you went out on the main part of the strip. My friends and I had a total blast here. Next time I'm in Vegas, this is one of the first places I'm gonna go.
5	Dino's Bar is definitely a must go to Vegas dive/hipster bar. You'll find all walks of life here from boozy old timers to rockabilly's&betties, tattoo artists, tourists, and UNLV students (and teachers!)  I used to go all the time because one of my friends was a bartender but now I pretty much only go on a Thurs/Fri/Saturday night for Karaoke with Danny G. He is one of the nicest and most entertaining karaoke DJ's I've known but don't you dare drop his mic or you'll get your ass kicked. (by everyone!)  Here's another solid piece of advice: the bigger the tip you throw in Danny's jar, and the nicer you are, the quicker you'll get to sing.. and when its packed it can be a long wait, so don't be cheap and don't put in anything less then a five. Besides, you'll make it back on the booze cause drinks are CHEAP! pitchers start around $10! whaat! there's a bucket of beer deal too its under $15 I believe. Hmm what else, there are pool tables, beer pong, and a pretty SWEET jukebox. OOH If you're a local you have to run for Drunk of the month! I used to spend MANY a night at DINOS back in the day so I was able to win drunk of the month August 2010. What an HONOR! Instantly a local hero, I got to have my photo up on the wall for a year a t-shirt plus I had VIP parking for a month. not too shabby. It does get a little smokey but its worth it for the entertainment value. Lots of places to eat near by if you get too tipsy: I heart Arepas food stand is in the parking lot and Tiffany's cafe & luv-its frozen custard are both a 2 min walk up the street.. so make a night of it and let me know if you're going... I'm always down for Dinos. :)
5	After the woman and I finished our appointment, we decided to celebrate.  The crew at Atomic City Tattoo and Piercing  told us that Dino's would be a great place to be at.Dino's, along with its neon green sign, is a Dive Bar.  For those who don't frequent this type of establishment - its about stiff drinks and a great price, while enjoying company.  Ego's and expectations of anything else, please leave at the door.  When the woman and I walked in, it was empty, minus 2 guys drinking.  The bartender of the night - Josette was VERY welcoming.  Instantly, she asked what we would like to drink.  I explained that we were celebrating our...appointment's completion...and that we were waiting for the crew at Atomic City to come through.  A nearby customer heard this and said "congrats!  Josette, I would like to buy them a round"   I found out later that this guy was a local - REALLY cool dude.  We began the night with shots of tequila and I opened my tab.  Drinks came a coming and conversation was a flowing.  I don't usually drink PBR, but apparently this is one of the few joints that still offer them free if you guess the right suit!  So while the libations were flowing, everything from the origination of cooking techniques in China to the culture of tattoos as well as everything in between was talked about during out 2 hour stint.Josette was hand's down one of theeeee best bartenders.  Conversation with her wasn't dull nor forced.  She even gave us custom shots that she shares with friends, on the house.I would definitely come back and throw a few back.
4	Asians beware! Hipsters are also great at Karaoke singing!  This is one of the most unique Dive Bars in Vegas.  Pool tables to my left, bar to my right and karaoke stage in the front, equals a fun night that can't go wrong.  Everyone here are sociable and get along pretty well.  Don't worry about not fitting in because you have no tattoos and skinny jeans because there are regular joes inside here too.The song lists to sing from are vast and the DJ (Danny G) is great!  If you can' stand a smokey bar though, this place might be hell for you.  Sorry but I can't really comment on drink prices since I came in already buzzed up and wanted to be safe driving back home after.  Damn the best singer of the night was Filipino.  I guess some stereotypes are correct!
3	This is a fairly popular dive bar. I was there on a Monday night. A few people sat at the bar, while my friend's coworkers took up the area to the back, with the pool tables and whatnot. I saw a beer pong table, but it was not in use. The TV was playing The Daily Show and the bartender was talking up a storm with the folks sitting at the bar.Drinks can be had for a good price. Be warned, they are stiff. At least mine was (vodka cranberry). Then again, I am not much of a drinker and a couple sips tends to turn me as red as a cranberry due to my, umm, Asian glow.
4	This was one of those bookmarks you make and then keep forgetting to checkout. I finally went in and gave it a go. Was pretty interesting place. Kinda weird you have to be buzzed in, but once I figured it out was cool. Then we just chilled and chatted up locals while tipping back drink after drink. I liked it but nothing to really make me want to go right back there. Was a good pour and pretty cheap as I recall.
5	This was just what we needed.  After a horrific incident at a douchebag club on the strip we decided to just drive towards downtown and try to find somewhere to do karaoke and then I was like "I've heard of Dino's!" and after two u-turns we were there! Yeah, it's smokey and it seemed crowded when we first got there but side with the pool tables was almost all empty and we were able to dance and eat pizza from next door and still see the stage.  The karaoke system is one of those where you can't hear anything real clearly so everyone's singing sounds pretty good! There was what appeared to be an old stag film playing on the TV in front of the stage which was awesome, I've never sung while old black and white titties stared back at me! The energy was great and there was a strange abundance of super cute guys (Australian hipster Asian guys and super hot greaser rockabilly guys most notably.)  AND there was a delightful lack of women in skintight miniskirts and 5 inch heels and not a man in a striped button up shirt in sight (unlike da club.)  And the drinks were so unbelievably cheap compared to anywhere else we'd been!  After the debacle of da club the bride-to-be was like "where is the FUN?!" and then we get to Dino's and there was a sign that said "Dino's: where the fun never stops"- perfect!
5	Definitely a dive bar, but still one of my favorite places! Drinks are cheap and karaoke with Danny G is awesome. My only gripe is the one toilet for the girls--you gotta plan your pee breaks in advance!
1	I already didn't like this place before my most recent experience.  I like some dive's, but I've just never gotten a good vibe from this place.  It would have been a 2* review, but Dino's bartender Ryder was so rude he bumped this place down to a 1*.  Allow me to tell you the full story...So my friends dragged me here against my will, and they told me what a dick Ryder was.  I said I'm sure he's fine and just an overworked Vegas bartender, so I was extra friendly to him when ordering my scotch.  I asked him if he could comp it for video poker play, and he said yes, so I took a seat at the bar and played max coins with $20 in.  Tip given, no issues.Over the next 20 minutes, I chatted with my friend as I played (meaning I wasn't hammering on the machine like a gambling addict), and I was lucky enough to still have $15 in the machine when I was ready for another drink.  I passed on ordering from another bartender so I could order from Ryder again, which is bar-code in my book.  Ryder took my order, and when he returned, he said, "Eight dollars."I reminded him that I was playing, and he argued that I was not, and I was just talking to my friends.  Now I play poker for a living, so I definitely am cognizant of how much I'm gambling.  I was making a conscious effort to continue to play while talking so my free drinks would be justified.  Ryder was very antagonistic, and pointed out that I had only lost $5.  I am sick of this bartender fallacy, and I asked him if I had hit a Royal Flush would I not get free drinks ever again in my life?After realizing that Ryder had the common Vegas disease of a bartender thinking he personally loses money if he comps drink for a video poker player, I handed him my credit card for the drink.  I also hit cash out because why play if I'm not going to be comped.Ryder took his sweet time running my card, which he finally brought back over to me.  $9.50 was what was charged.   He took even longer to get me my money from the video poker machine, and when he returned I told him he had said $8.  "Oh, I made a mistake on the price."  Yeah, sure you did buddy.  I put a BIG FAT 0 in the tip column, and then proceeded to enjoy the drink and actually focus on talking to my friends rather than be distracted by trying to continue gambling.I relented to my friends that indeed, Ryder is a dick.  I explained the story to my other friend who wasn't there for the entire ordeal, and I guess Ryder heard me so he came at me with an angry "What's your fucking problem?"  I told him I had no problem, that HE clearly had a problem, and I'm just trying to enjoy the drink I paid for.  Ryder told me he heard me "talking shit" so I asked him what exactly I had said that was incorrect?  He had no answer, but continued to attempt to bully me into leaving "his" bar.I stayed for another 15 minutes, but my friends and I all decided to go to a different bar to enjoy the rest of our evening.  I'm really not sure why Ryder is such an upset young man, especially if my friends already knew him to be like this.Ryder, you pour drinks for a living.  If you don't like it, quit.To Dino's owner: you need to fire this guy or get him an attitude adjustment.  You're losing customers.The end.
5	Such a BLAST! BLAST! BLAST!  Karaoke is so much fun and this place holds a special place in my heart.  It is a must for my husband and I to stop here when we are in Vegas.
4	Cheap drinks! I sort of miss the pre artsy atmosphere of a mixture of blue collared workers, hobos, prostitutes and the like but even with the hipster make over its still a great pregame stop for those not too "high society"
4	After stumbling faaaaaaaaaar down Las Vegas Blvd (away from our hotel - Stratosphere), we ran into Dino's Lounge well after 2:30am on a Thursday night.  In tow, I had my sister (24 years old at the time), my best friend (29 at the time), my sister's bf (23 yrs old), and his brother (31 yrs old).  We were looking to continue our night of drinking after realizing we may not be able to drink since it was so late soooooooo why not go in the bar and sing a few songs, right?!   Well, considering we are ALL from Texas, we had NO IDEA the bars don't "close" in Vegas.  Once I walked in, I was greeted by a friendly male bartender who threw us 5 ice cold Heinken's in bottles and a songbook of songs for karaoke.  He must have thought I was a bit crazy when I gave him a double look and was apprehensive about taking the beers.  At this point the bar had about 10 other people drinking happily and singing along with the host who was singing a Ray Charles song.  As I tried giving the bartender my credit card he pretended to not notice me handing him the card and said "Pick a song, sweetie." I hushed up, took the beer and the book and sat down.The company I was keeping were already leafing through the book looking at the song selections. I realized the time and got enough courage to go back to the bartender and ask "What time does the bar close?". His response was "It doesn't, Texas lady. Drink up and have some fun.".  Well, shit, you don't have to tell me twice. The rest of our night lasted until the sun came up & all of us were completely drunk and singing 3 songs at a time up on stage.  The host was super kind and nice and even complimented the selections we chose - which ranged from Tina Turner & the Ikettes to Roy Orbison.  I will never forget this bar and how much fun it was to be a part of their Thursday night.  We paid absolutely nothing for our beers and stumbled back to our hotel right as folks were lining up for the breakfast buffet. Gotdamn I love Vegas nights like the one we had at Dino's Lounge.
4	As you can expect the men's toilet was backed up when I visited so there was a partucular aroma in the joint the day I went or I might have given it a 5, that being said it is a 4.5 most definitely. The well drinks were super cheap, the bar staff was friendly and attractive, the owner dropped by to say hi to our group and the karaoke was a blast. So close to the strip and while some top shelf prices got near or matched the Strip prices there were definitely cheap options available at all times. I loved the three dollar well drinks and my buddy was lucky enough to guess the suit right on her PBR bottle caps, that she scored a couple free brews.When we first got there there was only a small random group of people but that grew quickly once it got near karaoke time, and then there was a mix of bikers, hipsters, older folks and business men types. And the great thing is is worked and everyone was having a good time. I will most definitely be going back and quite often. I would say anyone trying to get a bit of the local feel and away from the neon crazyness of the over priced Strip bars, this is where you want to go before you perhaps venture further downtown but don't be surprised if you find yourself a few hours later still perched on a bar stool there at Dino's. Great spot.
4	This place is a great "dive" bar. Walked in during the middle of the day on a Wednesday and I got the feeling I was hidden away from the world. It was dark, dank and the service was awesome. I forgot it was a beautiful sunny day outside in no time and the people watching was the entertainment there. Loved it.
5	LOVE DINO'S come here with friends all the time and service is always amazing. :)
4	Started out our last full day in Las Vegas by stopping by this downtown dive bar . . . would have stopped the night before, but the parking lot was full of about 150 bicycles doing a dive bar riding tour.This is a quaint little joint that brought back memories of younger years with cheap can beer and a great selection of liquors.  Since it was early in the day, there was no karaoke . . . but we will have to save that for our next visit.The dollar bills added to the decor . . . and half the fun of our short stay was reading the names and locations.Definitely on the TO BE REVISITED list on my next trip to Las Vegas.
5	5 Stars for FUN. This place is hilarious--- and such a blast! Very eclectic crowd but thats what makes it such a good time. Drinks fairly priced, bar pretty crowded, but great place to play pool and just enjoy friends. Decadent Dive for SURE! Be sure to get your super star on--- and sing!
4	Hmmm...I still have mad love for this place no matter what others have to say about Dino's. Place is a real dump, perfect definition of a dive bar. However, the crowd is awesome! People are not afraid of making a real ass of themselves! (including myself).Drinks are ridiculously cheap. Ryder, the bartender, is pretty hot. ( A Plus!) They at times have a camera crew for what I believe is a reality T.V. show. Fun, Fun. The parking lot is very sketch! I would not leave anything of value in there. If carpooling is an option, don't drive your car there....4 Stars for lots of comedy, cheap drinks and a great time.
5	I came for the opportunity to drink whiskey and get drunk, but I stayed for the Iron Maiden on the jukebox.  I can drink several shots and/or beers at this place and really enjoy it because it is so good.  The ash trays were perfect for stopping me from burning the bar and video poker screens.  I appreciate that attention to detail.  The beer was cold and the bathroom was open and working properly.  You could go number 1 or 2 there which I always appreciate in a place that I am drinking liquor at.  This place has really got it going on!  Dino's is like a great big calzone and the Iron Maiden is just the extra marinara on top.  I could easily spend three shillings and a ha'penny here every fortnight!
5	So much fun.  The karaoke is the best in town, and the drinks are fairly priced.  It can get a little crowded and smoky, but hey, that gives it character.
4	This is definitely a wacky place for karaoke. Stopped in to meet up with some friends for their birthday. The place was absolutely packed, with all sorts of people. Definitely attacks an eclectic crowd of folks. When you first get there, there's a distinct smell to the place, but once it fills up.. that kind of goes away.  The best thing about this place is everyone seems to be having so much fun. No one really takes them selves too seriously... well, a few do... but that just adds to the fun. The drinks tasted good and even though they were very busy it didn't take too long to get served.As far as the talent...some are good, some are terrible and some are pure comedy. I would definitely recommend this to anyone looking for a good karaoke bar.
4	A great dive with good people.  I always have a good time when I'm there.  The drinks are reasonable and when it's late, a stumble across to the OG makes for the perfect ending.  I'm not a big fan of karaoke, but I enjoy it here.
1	If you like an unhealthy dose of tobacco smoke along with your karaoke, this is the dive bar for you. The karaoke DJ had a great selection but unfortunately my stomach could not take waiting around to get another turn at the mic. They couldn't invest in exhaust fans? Too bad I couldn't find another karaoke bar in Las Vegas. The only other one in Chinatown (Zizzy's) rents out rooms for karaoke. I was really disappointed because Dino's was conveniently located on the Strip.
4	Upon arrival at Dino's with a party bus full of costumed freaks, I was already kinda loaded.  Dino's helped get me more so.  Thanks, guys!
4	Dino's is definitely a dive bar but it's amazing because of it! The bar itself is by no means big in fact I think it could comfortably accommodate about 120 people and that is being generous. The bartenders are friendly and service is pretty prompt but when a rush comes in the drink service does slow down a bit and I don't think it's the bartenders fault more the size of the bar itself. The drinks were reasonably priced and the atmosphere is great! Did I mention they have karoake? If I didn't let me tell you, they have a great song selection and they make it fun! This bar is my new favorite and it's located downtown.
5	Now this is my kind of bar. It's a total and complete dive. A little bit sticky, a little bit scary, and a whole lot of fun. The drinks are cheap. There's gaming at the bar. The bartenders are friendly. And the karaoke is awesome. So seriously awesome. This is easily one of my fav Vegas bars. And despite being the Strip, you'll pretty much never ever encounter a tourist here. It's where are the cool, in-the-know locals go to sing, drink, and people watch. Love it!
5	Wednesdays they do trivia night!!!!!! I love this spot. Todd and Josette rule! Such awesome people. The prices for drinks are great and the atmosphere is worth the trip. I have fun every time I come here. It's a local gem.
5	I love dive bars and neighborhood bars and Dino's is both. Cheap booze and cheap jukebox makes for a great night. It's a wonderful and welcome break from the douchey clientele so many Vegas establishments attract. 50 cents to play pool and it's open 24 hours. We went at 3:00 am on a Sunday night and we were welcomed in like it was happy hour. It's my favorite place to visit when I come to Vegas.
5	After a rather disappointing experience the night before, I decided to check out Dino's Lounge Thursday night 2/6/14. I've been doing karaoke for 10 years now, and I don't sing the same song(s) every time I go. I created a list of songs I'd like to sing karaoke, and about a 1/4 of them no DJ in California has(at least not the Bay Area). I looked at Danny Gs books, and he actually had a few I had trouble finding. The night before my bill was ~$60, and I had about the same amount of drinks, so I was expecting the same amount this time. To my surprise it was only a little over $20. Either I got some of them free for playing poker, or the drinks were just really cheap. Either way I had a really good night. Unfortunately, duty calls and I must return to California, but if I ever make my way back to Vegas, I'll be back.
4	Nothing was open around 10am in the area on Sunday except for Dino's Lounge (and Olympic Garden) so, I figured I'd drink until The Goodwich opened. This part of town has always seemed shady to me so to be honest, I wasn't sure if I should go in. But what the heck would I do for an hour? I had to go to the bathroom so bad so I told the bartender (Marya) that I'll order something after I come out. She was cool about it. I asked for Shock Top but I'm glad I was given PBR instead because that's what I was in the mood for - shocking I know. It was like Marya was reading my mind! But it seems like when I go drinking downtown, I'll order something but I'm given PBR! What do I look like? A hipster?! She had me guess what was under the bottle cap (heart, spade, diamond and clubs) - if I guessed it right, my PBR is free. But I didn't.I had a good chat with the dude at the bar and Marya who's Italian Puerto Rican from New York. I asked her if she's tried The Goodwich. She busts out their menu and told me what her favorites were. She's one of the coolest (and prettiest) bartenders I've met in this town.The place looks interesting and definitely has character. There's a deer with red eyes and I had Queens of the Stone Age's "No One Knows" playing in my head. If I'm in this area and felt like drinking, I'd definitely come back.
5	Yes, it's a dive. Kinda funny smell when you first walk in. But sooooooo much fun!! Super friendly bartenders. We even won a few bucks at the video games. Can't wait to go back.
4	Went to Vegas to party and we were in the mood for karaoke one night so we went on Yelp and came across Dino's and good reviews. I'm very happy we followed the suggestion! Dino's is a total dive, no way around it. The women's room is filthy but what are you going to do? Keep drinking and close your eyes!Great selection of beer and the karaoke song selection was even better (though no Britney Spears!) My friends and I can't sing but we like making fools out of ourselves and just having a good time so we sang probably 4 songs, including "Birthday" at midnight for my birthday. We had such a great time and after a disappointing night the next night we were tempted to come back, though we didn't. It's inexpensive and if you're playing video poker you can get some free drinks (and possibly win some money!)
5	I don't know what to make of this place? So five stars it is! Alright, lets get this out of the way, this place is gross. Whenever I come here at night, there's always this car parked out front that says, "Four doors for more whores". There's usually a group of tattooed hipsters out front, smoking. (I guess I should be glad they're doing it outside). The bar itself is dark, dingy and crowded. The waitresses always ignore me for some reason, but that's ok, I can wait, since the well drinks are only $3!! Yesterday I asked for a Bud Wheat, and she looked at me like I was retarded and said, "Bud Lime?" LOL.... So.... I'm trying to find the ultimate karaoke bar for my meetups and I must say, KJ Danny G is the best in town! I was waaay too intimidated to sing last night, but I peeped towards the front to look at the books and he was super cool. Awesome voice too, he did an amazing rendition of Toto's Africa. I'm going to be completely honest, this place is filled with white people. Kinda scary looking white people. Lots of hairspray, flannel, and tattoos. But that's ok, I like white people. My bf's white, he's kinda hipster-ish looking. So.... I can't sing Rihanna in here, check. But I can sing Aerosmith, GnR, and Billy Joel... check. That's good, I do a mean rendition of Billy Joel. The karaoke is awesome, but it's intimidating. Most the singers are very good. It's true it's an eclectic crowd; there's old people, there's young people... but c'mon, they're almost all white. As I took a seat in the back, I thought to myself, I'm going to hate the next hour or so of my life. NOT TRUE! It was the most entertaining hour I had all night! The people are just.... bizarre. The more Bud Limes I drained, the more fun I had. There was a 60 yr old lady doing Yellow Submarine, followed by a group of roughnecks doing Bon Jovi, then followed by some, um, very effeminate male doing falsetto. I almost expected Howard Stern and Howie Mandel to ring the buzzer any second. And  to top it off, there was drunk dancing! On top of tables. Oh my! I was laughing, clapping and yelling so hard. I peeked over across the table to my sober bf, who had developed a look of rage, and was busy playing Angry Birds. Well, what the f**k was he doing sober??? Oh right, he was my ride home... well, so it was time to call it a night, or I was going to walk home. Protip: do not volunteer to be the designated driver. Best part of the night was I got to take home two Goodwiches! Which I am eating now. Yum!
5	Was here about 12:30 am on Sun/15 June:- My friend introduced me to this hipster-dive, neighborhood bar and she was right, some of the best karaoke singing I've heard/seen performed.  - Friendly crowd and employees.- Cheap drinks including $12 for a bucket of Bud (Light?) bottles.- Wish I lived walking distance from this joint.
4	Great local's bar.
5	5 stars, 10 stars...infinity.  Whatever you're into or looking for at Dino's...there it is.
3	Not as good as champagne's but it will do. Went for a friend.  Not feeling the karaoke.  So we left for better entertainment.  There was only one bartender,  but he was awesome.  The dude running the karaoke was funny.  But we aren't really karaoke people so we left for greener pastures.  If you like dive bats with cheep, good drinks then head over.
4	Awesome. Dark, dank, fun and tourist friendly. It's right behind Stratosphere and across the street from Olympic Gardens. OK don't run around the place naked holding hundred dollar bills, just park and get your pale ass inside. They are supposed to have the very best karaoke in all of Las Vegas on weekend nights. It's on our list to check out. Maybe because we were there in the day time, we see this as a daytime place but it seems seedier in the day. This is what you want from a shady, dive bar. It feels like it's been there as long as it looks like it's been there... Since the late 60s perhaps.-Update. Ok this place is even better on weekend nights. The Karaoke is GREAT! Old dudes singing old tunes, young folks singing old tunes. It might just be the best Karaoke in town. Dino's is jumping on a Saturday night, lots of single girls (every place on earth has single dudes so it goes without saying that there were dudes here), lesbians (some making out here and there), drunks, chain smokers, you name it? They must not have any ventilation at all so you will absolutely smell like an ashtray in the morning but grab your vocal chords, your gas mask and your drinkin' shoes and give this a try.
3	A seemingly destitute lounge in the naked city part of the Las Vegas strip.  Right in the middle of old downtown Vegas and the new fangled VIP laden strip.  Dino's might as well be named after every ones favorite stone age prehistoric pet.  It has been around for ages.  A true whino's bar that has a karaoke following with the younger generation of hipsters and wannabe indy-mod-sters alike.  No frills dive bar with a unique indiscernible charm that can only be predicated that, someone cool might have worked here, long ago.  As for myself I have yet to find Dinos to fit my tastes.  The drinks are cheap.  The bartenders are really great!  The location is cool in an edgy kind of way.  It's dark in there, which is a plus.  These things I do like.  It's just the mixture of lens-less frame glasses adorning skrillex hair cut patrons in "Members Only" jackets along with the senior citizen thick bi-focal framed glasses adorning comb-over hair patrons wearing "Members Only" jackets just doesn't vibe with me well.  The one thing that could save this bar for me would be the musical choices.  Unfortunately unless you are a karaoke celebrity there really isn't a musical theme to be had.  I can dig a shitty bar if it plays punk rock or an old bar if it is vintage themed.  One thing that I can't do is enjoy a cold drink if I am not certain whether I will be raising glasses to Engelbert Humperdink, Slipknot or The Eagles [shudder] next.Alas' there is a strong following for this sacred bar and I will not over throw the fact that it is a decent place to meet with friends before adventuring on down either to the north to Freemont street or south to the strip.
5	Cheap booze, diverse crowd, great bartenders, rad KJ, best karaoke bar in town. N'uff said.
5	I live in California.  The hell with the nightlife on the strip, the shows, the clubs with the ridiculous cover charges, dress code and drink costs.  Don't waste your time at Ellis Island when most of them just sing boring country songs, anyway.   Get your ass to Dino's Thursday, Friday or Saturday night for karaoke.  It is better than probably any karaoke bar I've ever been to in the Orange County, CA area.  My only complaint is that I wasted a Friday night going to Live Band Karaoke at the House of Blues in Mandalay Bay when only 10 people at least 10 to 20 years older than I am were singing.  I should've just gone to Dino's.
1	My friend and I walked in, didn't see our friends yet, and walked back out.As we were leaving, the bartender says "take care guys!"My friend joe says "we'll be back in a few."As I'm stepping out, I hear the bartender (Caucasian guy, not skinny, derby hat on), mumbles "I'd rather ya didn't." And then laughs to the customers seated around him.I looked and made eye contact at the door, and he says "oops, he heard me! Haha!" Personally I think he was just trying to make his customers laugh to improve his tip, but it was rude. great prices on drinks though (I know from previous visits)
5	I went back to Las Vegas a few weeks ago with a buddy. My one requirement while we were there was that we go to Dino's. Needless to say we ended up spending a couple drunken nights there. I hadn't been in nearly 2 years, but I loved it just as much as I did the first time, if not more. Drinks are still super reasonable and it still has the local feel. This time I bonded with their KJ (or Karaoke DJ). He does a great job of getting the crowd into it and is the nicest guy in the world. He was a champ and sang Endless Love with me and didn't complain when I kept changing my song choices (the drunker I get, the more I think I sound like Mariah Carey). Their regulars made me feel like I was welcome and at home.After going back there I can only say one thing, I would actually move to Vegas to go here every weekend. It's that good.
5	Super dive bar on the strip. Not a great part of that strip but it's a great place to get cheap drinks and relax away from the beautiful people.
2	Overrated! Top LV Dive Bar is not deserved. It's a wanna be that's actually pretty ordinary and boring.
5	We went on a whim for my wife's 40th birthday with friends. Coolest dive bar I've been to since San Diego. Owner is one of the female bartenders. Staff was friendly and all the patrons were from a different walk of life and everyone was welcoming like they were all family and everyone belonged there.  They have this thing with Pabst Blue Ribbon bottles where if you guess the correct suit under the cap you get that bottle free! They have karaoke and pool tables!
5	Dino's: Getting Vegas drunk since 1962. Amazing dive bar. On the same level as Snake and Jake's in Nola. The wall writes "THE LAST NEIGHBOURHOOD BAR IN VEGAS".There is a great drink special. If you guess what suit is under the PBR cap (club, heart, spade, or diamond), then beer is free! I won! Server says they've given 20000 PBRs away. Pool tables karaoke and bar top screen gambling available. Make sure you hang out here when in Vegas.
5	Dino's: Getting Vegas drunk since 1962. Use to be a Mob Bar called Ringside Liquor. Amazing dive bar. On the same level as Snake and Jake's in Nola. The wall writes "THE LAST NEIGHBOURHOOD BAR IN VEGAS".There is a great drink special. If you guess what suit is under the PBR cap (club, heart, spade, or diamond), then beer is free! I won! Server says they've given 20,000 PBRs away. Pool tables and bar top screen gambling available. Karaoke starts at 10pm on thurs fri sat.***Side note, made friends with a local 22 year old girl. Former military who served 4 years in Afghanistan, makes $120,000 a year now working a stats job for the Government and who's wife just hung herself for attention, but survived, and is recovering up the street in the hospital. She started buying me a bunch of different drinks. Like alot of drinks! Shot of Maple bacon vodka, blueberry pancake vodka, jd, washington apple, adios motherfucker, maple bacon vodka...I was overwhelmed but started pounding glasses of water. She threw up twice in the sink of the bathroom. The bartender cleaned once but doesn't want to clean again. She left to buy cigarettes but probably won't be coming back. The bartender is really pissed because all the clientele are using the mens room now. I feel guilty but I don't know for what exactly. I should leave, but this is really a great bar.
5	The first dive I had the pleasure of visiting since my move to Las Vegas, and boy was I not disappointed. Dark and strung with red lights, the boomerang-shaped bar was stocked with a huge variety of liquor and beer. Very cheap drinks, karaoke, and pool will keep me coming back, that, and the incredibly friendly service. Guessing the suit on the bottom of my PBR yielded a free drink. Grabbing a drink on a weekday afternoon and listening to some old timers arguing over each other is one of the more hilarious and entertaining spectacles that Vegas has to offer. Also, there is an amazing sandwich place in the same parking lot, so even if Dino's doesn't serve food, they allow you to bring in their sandwiches. Very cool. Even better, every afternoon that I have been in there, Walker Texas Ranger has been on. Because, why the hell not?
