5	I am a terrible car owner, the kind that makes most men wince. So it's a joy for me to find a service center with staff who don't make faces of pain when I waltz in (they also didn't make any chi-ching! noises when I asked for prices, which I found out later were pretty typical). The service manager was very patient when he explained options for me, and he did a great job of giving me enough information to let me make my own choices.I've had my tires aligned and rotated here, and done several oil changes as well. Since my car is still running, it all must have gone pretty well.I have waited every time I've visited, and the work always seemed to go quickly. The waiting room is sort of clean...not so bad that I didn't want to touch anything (I didn't see the bathroom). There is a selection of magazines, a lot of which don't involve cars, and a TV blaring Judge Judy or afternoon sitcoms. Coffee always seems to be brewing, and water and soda are available.They take walk-ins, but you'll have better luck if you make an appointment.
5	I spend so much time on my tires and in my car with little time for TLC for it! This is the place to take it for just that! They have unbeatable prices in the valley! They were able to get me in immediately and had it finished in no time!Luckily I was in and out so fast I didn't unfortunately get to know any of the workers. But from speaking with them on the phone they were very friendly and helpful! I would definitely recommend them!
5	What can I say?  I am happy this place has two 5 star reviews.  I came in here last minute to get an alignment.  Not only was the price GREAT for an alignment, there was no bullshit that went along with it.They quoted me an hour and sure enough, it was an hour.  I asked them a few questions about my car (like what's that sound) rather than them seeing that as an opportunity to rip me off and make some money, they were honest.All I want in a car company is honesty.  I got it here.  I will be going back here again and I will make this the only place I ever take my car again.
4	Great price for an alignment.  Easy and quick service was provided.  I like that they did not try to add on any sales garbage and try to pressure unnecessary repairs.
1	let me detail my last experience:I called network automotive on Main St. in mesa for a quote for replacing a part on my vehicle.  I had done my own diagnosis and was confident that the problem would be remedied with this procedure.  On this call they took down the information and said they would call me back with a quote.  They did return my call later that day and left a message saying to give them a call back.I called them back the next day and received a quote that seemed reasonable given the labor rate, and the price that I could find the part for.  I made an appointment for the next day at 8:00 am.  I was under them impression that the part was already ordered considering I was a return customer, and I had an appointment set. I arrived right at 8am to have the procedure done.  I handed my keys to the person at the desk and proceeded to wait.  What I saw happen next was that my truck was pulled into the back corner angled away from me, the hood put up, and not one person went near my vehicle for an hour and a half.  At around 9:30 I asked them if I should bring it back at a more convenient time.  They said they receieved the wrong part from the parts supplier.  I just looked at the person expecting him to tell me the correct part was on the way and he didn't; rather, he asked, and I quote, "why do you want to replace that part?  I've never had to replace that part before."  I must remind you that on the first phone call I explained to them exactly what I wanted to have replaced and why.  At this time I explained to him exactly what I had already explained twice already, on the phone.  After I finish he tells me that he can only find the part I need for over 3.5 times the price that I could find it for from Autozone.  As this is all happening the tech has finally decided to pull out the old part, and he comes walking in to the desk area with it, and he says, "yeah, it's bad."  This made me think that it took about 2 minutes to get the part out.All in all, I ended up paying 90% MORE than what they originally quoted me, I paid 125% extra for the part, and paid for 1.5 hours of labor, for a 15 minute job.  I was there right at 8, and was able to roll out at 10:50.In conclusion I will never take my vehicle back there.  My vehicle is over 10 years old and I maintain it very well, as it is an essential part of my livelyhood.  It's unfortunate that we cannot count on a local business such as this one to take care of the people from the town where they do business.I see a lot of people that give rave reviews over their alignments, and I'm sure they probably do a good job, but if you need parts, prepare to get GOUGED.
4	Network has been my go-to place for alignments for several years now.  I am generally pleased with the work that they do, and I feel their prices are fair. Customer service varies, as there has been a different person at the counter everytime I've been there. Good, honest shop; I'll be back in the future.
5	I've been in 3 times with my 2003 Honda Element, an oil change, brakes, and a power steering thingamajig that was leaking all over the alternator and stuff under the hood. I've found these guys to be competitive in price. They estimate the turnaround time accurately and move quickly to get the work done. The waiting area is roomy and clean and they are in downtown Mesa if you care to walk around or eat should you want to wait. So far, I've found Network to be reliable.
4	I was referred by a coworker to go to Network Automotive to get my car serviced on and I have no regrets. I not only bring my personal vehicle there, but I bring my company vehicle there, too.
5	Like most people, I am weary about auto repair shops (especially because I am a car guy and do most repairs on my own AND I am currently being burned by another place with my other vehicle). Network Automotive put me at ease. We called today (7/25/13) at 8am to make an appointment. My wife said they were very friendly on the phone, and that they had an opening at 9am. I dropped my wife off at work (it's her truck) and I was 15 minutes early to my appointment for an alignment. No problem. The woman up front was as friendly as my wife had said. There were a couple other customers there at the time I went (on a Thursday morning). Within 5 minutes our Tacoma was being pulled into the bay. Twenty five minutes after that I paid and was on my way home. The truck drives like it should again. I forgot to present a coupon from Discout Tire before paying, but she gladly refunded the difference.So why five stars for an auto shop doing its job? Because it hardly ever happens (to me at least), that's why. I was so stoked to be in and out in 30 minutes with a properly fixed truck. No fake promises, no random extra stuff MUST be fixed. No hidden costs. No cranky mechanics/managers. Sure, it was just an alignment...but like I said, I am happy for the rare experience of a friendly transaction AND quality work.
2	I'm so disappointed in this place. The mechanics do good work, but the service writers are a mess. My last three visits have all taken 3-4 times longer than quoted because of parts order screw ups.  They even sent me home once after 4 hours because they couldn't finish an oil change, air and fuel filter swap in one visit. That's the easy stuff, guys. Today the service writers joked with me about always making me wait, while two mechanics hung around the lobby because they couldn't move forward on half-done jobs. When my car is filling a bay, that means the poor schlump scheduled for the next timeslot isn't getting out of there any time soon. I know this location was worried that the train construction was going to kill their business. They should be more worried about their reputation. A new VW mechanic opened up nearby, so don't expect me to be back to Network. Who has the time?Note on the response from the business: Yeah, I know. That's why I always call a day or two in advance to ask you guys to have the filters. Your organizational issues aren't my fault, and I'm disappointed that I'd be blamed. Sorta makes my point.
1	I bought new tires for two of my vehicles and figured I should get the alignment checked even though neither car was pulling or showing signs of needing an alignment. Network Automotive told me that both cars needed to be aligned. The first car now pulls to the right and the second car's steering wheel ended up 30 degrees off center when driving straight. I brought the second car back in and they fixed the misaligned steering wheel, but I had to wait over 2.5 hours again, with no apology from Network Automotive for not getting it right the first time. I feel like I need to take both vehicles somewhere else now and pay for a proper alignment.
2	After seeing my review, this company contacted me to try rectify the situation, which is commendable. It was my choice to not bring my vehicles back again, though, since I just would question if the work would be done correctly this time. I have increased my rating due to their efforts.
5	I always refer people to Network Auto.  This past time....I needed to pass emissions.  Didn't realize I only had til June 15, instead of June 30.  So, with time cut short I urgently called Network.  They got me in, ran a lot of tests, etc.  I was able to pass emissions without my catalytic converter being condemned, aka: saving me  A LOT of money.  FYI my car is at 191,000+ miles.  Maintaining your car is very important, and having a good partner such as Network Auto is very important.
5	I went to Network automotive for an alignment as I assumed that was why my car was pulling to the left. First off the staff was incredibly friendly, and the place seemed rather busy.  I told the gentleman at the counter what I needed and they immediately took my car in. After about 15 min I saw them lower my car and he came back to tell me that the alignment was fine, they ran a test and printed out my results. They explained to me the pulling was due to the the tires I had. I asked how much I owed for the test and their time and I was told nothing.  I am blown away by their honesty and customer service.  I will never take my car anywhere else now. I highly recommend them.  Thank you! !
