5	This wonderfully intimate little venue used to be the private screening room of Debbie Reynolds and has re-opened, building a list of quality shows.  Its a true diamond in the rough hidden treasure for those you appreciate old school quality Vegas talent, atmosphere and hospitality.
5	"Cashetta, the extra large medium"  wows and amazes audiences with her dazzling wit and charm!  So much fun!!
2	I was so disgusted with the service here, waiting a crick half hour to ask for water, the waiters don't give a crap about you. Once I got a waitress she told me to wait until she was done and took forever, finally an hour later, I just said to forget it cus she took forever. I was solo thirsty, what was I to do, get up and ruin other people's views.? That's what a waiters for!  This place sucked. Nothing amazing about this theater . Pretty week in. My opinion. The show I went to see, the pole compatition held by united pole artist was flicking amazing. But shitty venue. Save yourself!
5	Seth Grabel was fantastic.  Small theater, no glitz.  Seth's blend of acrobatics, magic, and just general likeability make this a fantastic family show.  Seth hangs out after the show and takes pics and signs autographs, class act.
5	For an intimate showroom, the Wolf Theatre cannot be beaten.  There are about 7 rows of ten seats.  The seats are comfortable, large seats with good sized arm rests.  As Pete G. pointed out, this was built by Debbie Reynolds when she owned this hotel/casino and it was a screening room for films for her and her guests.Last night, I went to see the Legends of Comedy Show with Sammy Shore and Pete Barbutti.  The show was good.  The theatre would add something to any show it's that nice.The place is really well done with carpeting on the walls and the small nature makes it a very pleasant venue.
5	Seth Grabel's show is Amuzing! He's the real deal... I've never met a Wizard before, but I have now... The theatre is a good intimate size and Seth stays after for pictures! Everyone should go at least once... Twice... Maybe even three times!
5	We just came back from Las Vegas from 4th of July vacation and seeing Seth Grabel magic show. There were 9 people in our group ages 19-60 and we all enjoyed his show very much.Old fashion magic in it's best. Even though it was a small stage but he was fantastic; funny, smart, with absolutely fantastic tricks.We paid $30 each to see his show but next time I will pay any amount if he can be on a bigger stage.You and your family will enjoy the show for sure; 100% guaranteed.
1	While seeing the show, Ruah, a Gospel show, I was extremely disappointed. The performance included a minister, his wife, kids and grandkids. The wife and children had mime faces and performed behind the minister whose voice sounded like he was yelling not singing. Their performance was lacking in every way, shape and form. I couldn't wait for it to be over.  There were only 7 people seeing the performance, I felt stuck til the end. It was not worth the $9 I paid for the ticket and don't think anyone else would enjoy paying for this family act that needs to discontinue any future performances. The costumes were bad and the minister's clothes were tattered with holes, he must have been trying to channel Prince or James Brown but fell very short.It's time to hang up your choir robes and make room for an act people will have a positive experience. Afterwards, the whole family lined up in a receiving line to shake our hand and say good bye. At that point, it felt awkward, they were trying too hard.
5	My girlfriends and I went to Wolf's Comedy Den Friday night 8pm show and were totally surprised.  They have some of the most unique acts I've ever seen.  The BalloonMaster was hysterical with his joke balloons and I've never seen an Alien Comedian before.  This is one of those little slightly off-the-strip shows that you might not even notice.  Strange, but well worth it!
3	This theater is nestled in the Clarion hotel and is a bit larger than you might expect- and the Shades of Sinatra show is actually pretty good too.Theater has seen better days- tables are set with electric candles instead of the real thing (and ours was broken), and the booths look like they were put in around the same time Frank Sinatra was here, but their sound system is very much in working order- and perhaps set a bit too loud.Hit the lobby before your show for a strong-ass drink.
