4	This is one of the larger Lynx Stations and it has a pretty good-sized parking deck as well as a flat lot for overflow parking.  However, we have had to park across the street in the shopping center's parking lot for special occasions - such as the big Golf Tourney at Quail Hollow Country Club.  One note, if you are parking in this station and riding all the way to center city, be sure to allow plenty of extra time to make it to whatever event you are attending... we usually allow 45 mins to 1 hour depending of which day and time of time of day we are traveling.
4	This station is the southern terminus of the Lynx line so it has a greater capacity since more people will be starting or finishing their journeys. They have a three story parking deck (free!) and a ground level overflow lot. Both are accessible from South Boulevard.The platform is elevated, so you might want to consider taking the elevator or feel free to climb the stairs if you feel fit. There is a ticket vending machine on the platform, but you may want to use one of the two that are in the garage if there is a line.Not a whole lot of cover on the platform, so if it's wet or windy or cold, I'd suggest waiting in the garage until the train gets ready to leave.
3	Nice, clean facility that can be devilishly hard to get in and out of by auto (including the parking deck).  CRAZY busy intersection of I-485.  Lots of restaurants, discount big box businesses and some of the worst traffic in Charlotte. Would have been nice if City Planners had made it simply a stop on the Lynx, rather than the end-start point.  Frankly, should have been extended to the other side of Pineville in Ballantyne area and down through Matthews.  Sigh.  Still, great option for commuters whom live near-by.  Seems relatively safe with CMPD hanging around.  Oh, and buy a ticket!  It's not worth the citation & hassle if you're found without one.  On a secondary note, there should be a way to purchase a ticket on-board like many any other commuter services in major metropolitan areas.
4	Lots of parking spaces and easy to buy a ticket. Signs are very clearly displayed.
4	Taking the Lynx uptown is a good alternative to sitting in traffic on 77 and parking uptown. The I-485 station is the end of the line, the southernmost terminal. It is also a park and ride station, complete with a huge parking garage that I haven't ever seen full. Keep in mind that the connection to the train is on the 3rd floor. There is an elevator, though.The station itself is fine, it has a ticketing machine at each end and a middle platform, so you're always on the right side to enter the train. There are canopies, but they won't cover much if its pouring and windy. Tickets are easy to get and cheap. The Lynx is a good alternative to getting uptown, especially for a sports event or show.
5	First time using this transportation system and I am impressed. There is a train every few minutes. We parked in open parking since I was unsure of the garage height allowance.lots of stairs to climb unless you go into the garage to use the elevator.You can purchase your tickets on the platform. $4.00 for a round trip is really cheap. Tip** it is not a touch screen. LOL as we tried to use it. you usethe buttons on the side of the screen to select the section that is on the screen. there are many quick short stops along the way. There are lots of seats and little standing room- this is important since there is no need to have to stand if you don't want to- just wait about 5 minutes for the next train!!!! The trains were very clean! that is what was incredible to me. Please do your part to keep it that way- mind your children and your own mess. Since accidents do happen tell the driver if a mess occurs so they can attend to it notify security of anything suspicous. Keep this method of travel safe for everyone.The stops were a little confussing since I really didnt know which one i needed but asked a rider and he was very helpfulALSO noticed that people have no manners or sense of chivalry. Men should move to allow women a seat. not that they need to stand but move and allow two women carrying bags to have the two seats you are occupying and move next to a man seated alone. WOMEN do not like to sit next to strange men- its just a fact.
4	We took the kiddoes for a ride uptown on the train today.  We parked here and startred our journey.  Parking deck was fine, easily accesible and free. We walked up the stairs and found a lot of trash including some feminine hygiene products that left me wondering if they were applied while climbing up the stairs.  Gross.Purchasing a ticket at one of the 2 ticket vending machines was easy enough and self explanatory.  The train was waiting on us and it took about 5 minutes for it to start rolling.All in all, it was a great experience.
4	Took train from I 485 to the arena for a bobcat game. I needed to buy a total of 6 tickets and the ticket machine only allows the purchase of five tickets at a time. This required me to make 2 transactions. Once on the train a few young kids tried to ride for free. The train operator said a ticket check is about to happen and the kids left off the train. This tells me many probably ride these trains for free since it's a honor system. You can be fined if they check and you don't have a ticket, but no one ever checked on the day we rode. All in all it was a good adventure. And I will use it again.
