2	It didn't make me vomit and the waitstaff was okay.  Actually, the wings were adequate tasting but when they came out they were merely warm.  I'm not sure if they were reheated and sauced or if they were left to sit around for far too long after they were cooked.  This place is probably full of mall-bar jagoffs on Friday night thanks to their rather large selection of beers.  But we were there at 11 AM Sunday morning because TC Eggington's was ridiculously busy.  Which means that we got everything that was leftover from Saturday night.  Every bit of my food was dehydrated like it was sitting in a fridge overnight, even the lemon in my iced tea.Needless to say, I was not impressed.
3	One of my favorite food to eat is pizza and when i found this place while visiting some friends in Mesa decided to eat here. I was pleased by the food and was surprised to read all the bad reviews. The pizza was good and the pepperoni rolls were the best. The food was a little greasy but what do you expect from a pizza joint. They also had a good selection of beers, that was very impressive.
5	first off, never had the food here. i have priorities. these priorities kinda go something like this:1. alcohol/breathing (cant drink if you can't breathe)2. sleep3. tivo (god, i love my tivo)4. foodfood is low on the totem pole, but beer would be ranked #1 which is why i do heart the old chicago. i'm a card carrying member of the world beer tour which i find completely awesome. OC has themed beer tours at least once a month. you basically drink the series of beers within the tour, get your tour points on you world beer tour card, and get a neat tshirt (ie st patricks day = who's your paddy? tshirt. awesome.). did i mention their ginormous list of beers? yes, ginormous. its a word. i swear. they have a metric ass ton. belgian,german,mexican,canadian,and nicely ghettoized schlitzy goodness. you really can't help but find a beer on their menu that you like. so far i havent completed an entire tour ( :( ) but i'm workin on it!
5	I love the food at this Old Chicago! I have never had cold food, unless I order one of the many fabulous salads. It is a fun place to watch a game and have dinner/drinks.For lunch, it is great to sit at the bar, Amanda the bartender is quick and very friendly.I suggest if you had a bad experience to give the Mesa, Old Chicago, another chance.
2	Where do I start? I've been to this Old Chicago once before but I don't remember my visit being so horrible. I wish I could say that it was an isolated event that tarnished my outlook, but unfortunately this whole trip sucked. I arrive and had to go to the bathroom, but we had to be somewhere after lunch so I decided to wait to get my drinks and food ordered before I use the facilities. I get seated with my party and we wait a few minutes and the waitress comes along and orders all of our drinks. We browse the menu and wait...and wait...and finally our drinks come and she leaves again...so, I still have go to the bathroom but I wanted to order first (I figured she'd be right back) but we wait...and wait...then she comes back and finally takes our order. I run to the bathroom and - ew gross! I try to hold my breath and start to breath through my nose (I heard that your nose was a natural filter) the whole place was grimmy and sticky and trashy - I get back to my seat and enjoy my group of friends while we wait for our food. Funny thing is...we kept waiting...and waiting...almost 30 minutes go by and out come our salads. Then 20 minutes go by again and out come our entrees, well except mine. I sit back thinking that when the waitress left, she left to get the rest of our food...but a minute goes by and I ask some other chick (thank goodness we were next to the kitchen door) if they were gonna bring me my food, and my waitress over heard me and she popped out of nowhere and was like "oh, and what did you order?"...really? I told her and she comes back in 2 seconds with my food. I had the buffalo chicken hoagie, the 'toasted' hoagie was dry and stale, the chicken was dry and beside the buffalo sauce it really had no 'wow' affect, I was actually very disappointed. The house salad I got was really good though. I liked the roasted almonds - they were semisweet and really added something special to an otherwise boring typical salad. Side note: a friend of mine also had to use the bathrooms, and the stall she chose didn't have any seat covers and she said the seat was sticky...sick-o-dear.Really OC?? Do you only clean your place bimonthly or something? It was so bad, if this is how you care for your restrooms, I'd hate to see the kitchen!! I would give this place 1 start, but our waitress (although slower than molasses in the winter) was really nice and other people in my group enjoyed their food (namely their pizza).
3	I can't give Old Chicago 4 stars because I haven't had enough of the food to judge. The pizza is pretty decent though. I come here for the beers! Who doesn't enjoy over 100 different kind of beers! I mean, its no YardHouse having everything on tap...but they do Mesa some justice. I love the constant adding of different beers. They have some great mini-tours which when completed you get a fun shirt! The large tour is harder and much longer...but it gives you the opportunity to try new things! I have found many beers I prefer (to the average blah domestics)! Check it out for some sports, games and beers! Try the food too and let me know!
3	The beer is the best part. The food is mediocre...just stick to the appetizers or calzones.
3	Dined with a networking group. The food at Old Chicago is ok .I have a soda and fettuccini alreado and it was pretty good, nothing mind-blowing. Pricing decent. The main thing this restaurant had was a private meeting room
1	Soggy and bland deep dish pizza?  Dry crumbly brownie dessert?  2nd chance for redemption, I think not.  They did have several bottled root beers to choose from, but I wouldn't pour it into the glass they give you besides.. I'm sure it's not normal, but mine had that old dishwater taste.
4	This is a regular spot wse go to with friends. We always sit in the bar area which is very much separated from the restaurant area. It's nice because come Game day and your favorite team is losing you don't have to worry about kids hearing your lovely words of encourgament since I rarely ever see them in there. The beers are good, you'll never get bored drinking the same beer over and over again. The pizzas are pretty good, calzones are pretty big and the italian nachos are the best. The fish & chips are good too, it's not all batter and not greasy either. The atmostphere is pretty laid back, lots of tv's everywhere and the staff is very friendly and helpful. All in all, a pretty cool place to chill out and have a beer or two.. or three... etc.
4	Had dinner there last night. The Calzone was awesome and had a lot of fun with the wait staff. Thanks for playing along Nicole.
4	Great deep dish pizza, excellent bar, super service. Great place to go, a little pricey but that comes with quality.
2	So I was craving Chicago deep dish pizza and I have never been to Old Chicago but I figured they have to know how to make a deep dish.  Well I was WRONG.  Yes it was technically deep dish but not Chicago style.  I ate just one piece which anyone who knows me that is nuts.  The sauce was just ok and the pizza didn't even make it to the top of the deep dish pan like a true Chicago deep dish would.  The crust wasn't flaky and it wasn't even layered right.  So yeah 2/5 from the pizza lover that has had "real" Chicago pizza (Giordano's, Lou Malnati's)
4	I'm a fan, but you have to know what to expect.If you're a Chicago-snob, one of those types that always talks about how much better Chicago is than every place else in the world, and about how no one really knows good pizza (or italian beef , or hot dog, etc), then you may not love this place.  It is not perfect Chicago style pizza.  You will not satisfy your cravings for Lou Malnati's here.  However, it is a decent pizza place.  The deep dish is alright, the sauce is decent and it's cooked well.  The crust is really good but certainly not great.  We really enjoy the mozzerella sticks and hot wings here as well.  The cheese sticks are cooked well, nice and gooey cheese on the inside but not so hot that you're burning off the top layer of skin from your mouth.  The wings (we usually get the buffalo hot) are quite tasty as well.  Decent size, decent quality.  We order them "well done" or a little crispy b/c we prefer them that way.  Everytime we've asked, they've gotten it right.  What really makes Old Chicago a destination is the beer list.  Something like 110 beers from all over the world - most in bottles, but quite the extensive "on-tap" list as well.  The do a "World Beer Tour" where they give you points for trying new types, etc.  Think if you complete a certain # of them you get a t-shirt.  It's nothing special, but kind of fun to track that you've tried so many different beers.  They also do a root beer tour for the youngins or those who aren't in the mood to drink beer.  Also a 'tini tour with a variety of martinis for those who prefer the 'tini.  All in all, just a fun place with a great beer menu.  It's not the best place I've ever been, but I always look forward to returning.
4	Calzone and appetizers were yummy
1	Yikes! What a stinkin' nightmare! First of all, this would not be a first choice for me, but on a Sunday night there is not much open past 11pm. As I sat down to meet my friend his drink was delivered. Do you think that if you saw a new person sitting at the table you would ask what they would like??? NOT! We had to wait 10 minutes, and I am not exaggerating, for the waiter to come back and ask what I would like. So I ordered the nastiest glass of wine ever. Seriously do not order the Rex Goliath, seriously don't drink there unless you are a beer drinker... After what seemed like another 10 minutes we finally ordered. When the nachos, yes I said nachos arrived we asked for extra napkins as there was only 1 setup on the table. He gave us a stack of cocktail napkins. Really? Nachos and cocktail napkins. Well I got up and got another setup from another table. My friend ordered a beer at that time and after, I kid you not, 15 minutes he had to reorder because he seemed to have forgotten about the order. The nachos tasted like store bought chips and threw a few beans on them, sprinkled a little cheese and meat and threw on some peppers to make it look pretty. Definitely not the tastiest nachos in Mesa!!! Not a good experience both service and food wise. Next time I would rather stay home...
3	This has become a recent and decent go to hangout when I'm in the area. I've always liked Old Chicago for their beer selection. At this location I've had everything from a hamburger to pasta to pizza and it's always been satisfying. As for the beer, I love the rotating seasonal selection, the happy hour prices and the mixed beer concoctions such as the snake bite (guinness and cider).Nothing super special here but it's comfortable and I'll certainly return again and again.
4	One of the only pizza places I get really excited to visit. It has a lot of Italian-American food...calzones, lasagna, strombolis, and they're all freaking delicious.My favorite is the mouthwatering double-deckeroni pizza. Double pepperoni, a spicy pizza sauce, and an awesome cheese blend that sends my taste buds straight to heaven, arteries be damned. For the purists out there: Yes, we know it's not *really* Chicago style, but who cares when it's this tasty? You can always get the thin crust.They also have an extensive beer selection. They boast 110 brews, and you can take a "world tour" of beer. Basically, you can record every drink you order on a membership card, and when that's done, you get your very own witty one-liner on a plaque in the waiting area. Really cool concept, but I offer some criticisms--too many of the beers are stuff we've already had. Do I really have to drink one more of the same domestic drafts to make it? What a chore. There's another list for the various martinis they have, but unfortunately those are hit or miss.This is a great place to stuff your face, get a nice buzz, and watch the game. Shout out to the waitress that introduced me to Leinenkugel's Sunset Wheat. She gave this review just enough of a boost to give it four stars.
3	I don't usually bother reviewing chain restaurants, or eating at them for that matter, but I stumbled into this place when we were out trying to get a late breakfast on a Sunday at TC Eggingtons.  After chilling there for about an hour (literally, since it was a really cold day and there was no room to wait inside) and being told repeatedly that we were next but still no table, we got too hungry to wait for breakfast any longer and instead went across the parking lot to have some pizza.I used to go to the Old Chicago in Tucson that was close to UA and I have to say this one in Mesa is pretty much the same.  But I don't remember such variety of beers on tap, including imports, microbrews and ciders (that is probably related to elapsed time, not location differences).  Though it was a bit too early for beer, I was very impressed with the variety.  Instead I got a Bloody Mary which was decent (just the right amount of spice) and went very nicely with the sausage pizza, which was also good.I also wanted to let everyone know that the wings here were some of the best I have had in a long time!  Very juicy and meaty.  We got the spicy barbeque and they were really great.
4	Have not eaten here for a few years and just went recently and always leave pretty satisfied. Carb central? Yes. sometimes do we just need to give in to our carb fix and regret it later? yes and yes. this is a cool little spot to if your having just a chill evening, nothing special or fancy what-so-ever. Pizza, pasta, sandwiches, steak, seafood..there is a little bit of everything. ( Italian nachos are oh-so-delicious, just an FYI). i have no complaints about anything i have eaten here. Now on to the drinks and real reason for my review... LOVE their beer selection, i love variety and they got it, from tap to bottle. I fell absolutely in love with their Orange Blossom Wheat Beer.( When i state i fell in LOVE with a beer you need to take me serious cause i am not a beer girl). Seriously, best damn beer that has EVER wet my whistle.I will be back for the beer..fa sho! maybe as soon as on my way home from work, it's a major possibility right now.
4	Much like the my review of the Old Chicago on Superstition Springs Blvd... The short and sweet review: Be in awe of the beer selection and stick to the pizza and some of the appetizers.The longer review:Beer Selection: 5 Stars! Seriously, how can you go wrong when you have 100+ beers to choose from? Food: 3-4 stars. Average. There are some very yummy things on the menu like Italian Nachos, the pizzas, and some of the sandwiches, but then some things that should be easy (spinach artichoke dip, antipasti salad) are not good. Service: At this location, we've only sat in the main restaurant once or twice. I don't remember the service so it couldn't have been bad. The service in the bar is generally quite good. So... 4-5 stars.
2	Great beer selection. Great specials. Frustrated when our clueless server didn't offer happy hour prices 4 minutes before happy hour and then still didn't offer them when we brought it up.
5	GREAT SERVICE and one of the best freaking house salads I have ever had!  I eat a LOT of salad but this one was not only super fresh, but the almonds on top were an added YUMMY Bonus!!  Great way to spend a Sunday afternoon!!!!
4	Old Chicago is about what you'd expect  from a chain serving by that name - a pretty basic menu, with a Chicago slant.  The food rates a solid 3 stars - not outstanding, but certainly not bad, and good enough for me to go back.  I threw in a 4th star because we've had consistently great service there.  We've had one waitress twice who is genuinely nice, clearly doesn't hate her job, and is on top of her game service-wise.  That stuff goes a LONG ways with Brak.  For a casual meal and perhaps a couple of belts, I rank Old Chicago comfortably ahead of such yawners as TGI Fridays (which has declined a TON in recent years IMHO) and others like Chilis and (gasp) Applebee's.  Give it a try, I think you'll like it.
4	Old Chicago is minutes from my apartment, and for as long as I've lived in this area, I've never made it to Old Chicago before.For my first time here, I really enjoyed it.  It was late on a Sunday night, and both myself and a friend of mine were both craving pizza late at night.  We ended up here because they were open, and I'm glad we stopped in.Service was great, and they have $3 long islands all day every day.  I'm not much of a drinker, but I do have a weakness for long islands.  We ended up ordering a medium deep dish pizza, and I really enjoyed it here.  They also have Karaoke here Sunday nights from 9-1, which we watched from our dining room table.  They have outdoor seating, indoor seating, and bar seating, which is great!In between the great hours, drink specials and tasty pizza, I will probably be back.
4	I was in Mesa visiting my daughter and her family, noticed this place when got off the fwy on route to my hotel.  This was first visit for all of us, and it was well worth it.  We really enjoyed the food and the $3 Long Island ice teas.  The place is awesome.  I'm definitely going back on my next trip out to visit my family in AZ.Only 1 knock on the place.....the waiting area is small, would be better if more chairs/benches.
4	I have been an Old Chicago fan since the late 80s. The decor is nice, the selection of beer is always good and the food is great. Oh, and the service is always excellent.
4	I'm not a snob, I understand chain restaurants since I've worked at one and I know how retarded some of their rules can be such as the happy hour one and not serving after the allowed time (the computers just wont allow it) I also understand how it can be busy on a friday night, and how sometimes they can run out of stuff. I try to take in my surroundings before I rate people such as how busy the bar/restaurant is and how many servers are on. That being said- I really enjoyed it here. I came on a Friday afternoon and it was busy with only one server in the bar plus the bartender. First, their beer selection is amazing. I really loved all their selections and the happy hour was pretty good- not the best happy hour I've seen but pretty decent. I ordered nachos and by accident made me two orders and gave both to my boyfriend and I so as my boyfriend said "This place already  wins my heart" Then the pizza was also amazing. I think we got a medium which was a good amount for my boyfriend and I (plus our two orders of nachos so we ended up taking some pizza home as well, ps good the day after) Even though the bar was busy, the server paid attention to us and was friendly. So why not five stars? While it was all really good nothing stood out as great to me- I will go again and will recommend it but I'm not gonna go "OMG this place! You need to go!" I'll more likely just be like ya it was good, try it out.
1	Waitress did not know prices of anything not already printed on the menu. Fly in Margarita. Order was wrong. Member of our party who cannot eat lettuce or health reasons had to pick sThe shredded lettuce off his sandwich. I had to eat my appetizer off a napkin because I was never given a plate. When I waived at the manager she "didn't see me". Overall an awful experience. I will not dine here again.
3	The food is okay, not bad and not great.  If you don't want pizza i don't think it is even worth the visit, not that the pizza is great just that is the basic fare.  I wasn't very hungry so I had a salad that was pretty BLAH.Lot of beers, a lot of beers - that is a big plus.  Service was excellent and the place is clean and comfortable, lots of screens for sport fans.
4	I love Old Chicago! I started going here for Karaoke with my buddies and it has certainly become a favorite hang out. The servers are all super nice and are very familiar with their products. Canyon is a great bartender and is very accommodating. Their beer selection is constantly changing and they do a pretty darn good job of keeping the crappy beers off there. My current favorite is the Isolation which is part of their mini winter tour. The food is pretty good for bar food. I love their Cesar salad dressing and the small plate Mediterranean salad is great. The pizza is also pretty good but you can get better other places. I also think they do fries PERFECTLY. They are the medium ones between small and steak fries. Their tarter sauce is also really good (important if you like fish and chips!).On Sunday starting at 9pm they have Karaoke and it's totally worth going! I love the crowd and the woman who runs it, Sheila, is awesome. :)
3	Artichoke dip ok...for the price you expect more than a little bowl snd 4 pieces of bread. We also got the fried pickles which were ok. A little thick which made them a little soggy. The pizza was tasty though. We got the veggie with pepperoni. Good crust!
2	Server was not efficient and didn't seem to have a clue. I ordered a Milk Stout that was on the board and she brought me something I wasn't expecting.  She didn't know they had anything else but I sent it back after telling her about the one that's being promoted.No glass was brought with the beer but I wasn't too concerned with that.We had a salad before our meal and then husband ordered spaghetti with meatballs, a calzone (?) for my son and pizza for me.She passed by the table and dropped of condiments -ketchup and mustard.  WHY?Multiple tvs surrounding the dining area.I don't recall any volume...I don't think of this place as a sports bar but with what I saw playing on tv I think it probably falls into that category.My pizza was primarily crust with sauce and a bit of cheese.  I had maybe 6 pieces of pepperoni, total, and this was the Classic (Loads of pepperoni, mushrooms, Italian sausage, roasted garlic and Mozzarella).The food is okay, but there are so many other places to go in the Valley for food that's "okay".  I would rather hit the Olive Garden or one of the many neighborhood Italian restaurants where the food it better than just okay.
1	I won't be going here again for dinner. The waitress hardly came over to check up on us. I could understand if she had other tables to attend to...but she only had one other table besides ours! It took us over 20 minutes for us to actually pay for our bill. When my friend and I both asked for refills (we both had the same drink) she came back 5 minutes later with one refill...then asked if I wanted one too. Well obviously...I'm the one who asked in the first place...The food was bland. I have been here one other time and figured maybe it was just an off night. But...this time around the food was just as horrible. We hardly ate our meals. All together...not a great experience. I'll stick with Oregano's if I want Italian.
4	You Say Potato, I Say ChicagoBy The RueOld Chicago is where I ate,I would probably by lying,If I said it was great.Lunch special calzone for $7.99,By the time I left there,My big hairy belly was doing fine.You're probably thinking "eww that's nasty",Like Magnum P.I. it rules,The waitress wasn't sweet or sassy. Inside that finely browned bread pouch,I had it stuffed with pineapple and jalapeno,Unfortunately my mouth didn't say "ouch". If you're reading this and rolling your eyes,It's okay, I'm not here to entertain you,I'm just here to eat pies. End
1	The service was BAD.  The food was BAD.  (My salad was old and wilted I got the fried pickles and they were rock hard the waitress didn't even bring ketchup for my son's fries, I went and grabbed a bottle from their stock for him because she disappeared.  At least is wasn't freezing in there this time.  I only went because my boyfriend likes it there, I don't really know why, its horrible every time we go.  I certainly will not be back, he can go by himself if he really wants to.
2	We only go here for the beer selection. The food is ok,just don't stray from ordering pizza and you'll be fine.
4	Great food, great beer, great televisions and great service.  That about covers it.Oh and they have Golden Tee.  Get the appetizer sampler.
5	Great HH - totally fun place. Nice clean bar with tons of TVs. HUGE selection of beer on tap. Service was fast as we had multiple people stop by to check on us when we were in last week. We got a mini pizza and some salads which were fresh and had a really flavorful house dressing. We'll defiantly be venturing back during the football season.
4	We were here back in March while we were visiting for spring training.  The bar area was pretty busy while the rest of the restaurant was quiet.  Chit chatting with the staff was awesome because the two people we met were from Chicago.  Great people who love Chicago.  I didn't have the pizza but rather the Old Chicago Chopped Salad.  No bleu cheese and with ranch dressing.  The best chopped salad I've ever had.  I really liked the pasta in the salad.  Huge bowl and I finished the whole thing!
4	I loved this spot! We had such great service on a lazy Sunday night during Spring Training. HIt up the karaoke and LOTS of booze. So much fun. Seems like a good local spot and next time I'm in Spring Training, I will be going back.
4	The food here is your typical national chain nothing special food although the cookie dessert is to die for. Decent size bar area. Ordered an Old World Brewing beer that was disgusting. Sent it back and the bartender said he would have no problem taking it off the bill, he said it wasn't the first time someone had sent that beer back.  Pizzas are ok and probably the go to menu item.  The places really needs a decor upgrade, it feels like someplace from the late 80's in there.
4	We have been coming here for almost a year. Sunday nights after 9pm, they have the best happy hour in town. $2.50 pints, $6.00 Stromboli, and great karaoke music with Sheila.
5	Love this place. The tour keeps me coming back with over a hundred beers to choose from! Food is not the greatest but the atmosphere is worth it.
3	I've always been leery of Old Chicago because it's a chain, but we stopped in one evening while waiting for Best Buy to finish tinting the windows on my fiance's car. We just had a few beers and spinach artichoke dip, but I was pleasantly surprised. They had a pretty decent beer selection. The dip was really heavy on the cream cheese, but definitely not the worst I've had (I'm looking at you, Ruby Tuesdays...). The service was fantastic, though. Our server (Jesus, according to our receipt) was incredibly nice and attentive without being pushy or obnoxious. All in all, great service and decent food.
4	All of Old Chicago's food is good & their beer selection is great. I can tell this place is managed really well & the customer service is really good.
4	The pizza and calzones are great! My kids love the rootbeer club. The prices are affordable. The only thing keeping me from giving a 5 star review is that they recently changed the Italian nachos, which we used to love, and now they suck. Boo!
4	I love this place the Chicago style pizza is delicious and Nicole the bartender is awesome!
5	Love this place! The staff is super nice and the food is great! And I can't forget they have a great beer selection. Love them!
4	The dry rub Jerk Wings are great!!!
3	This seems like a typical place for your sports bar family grill restaurant kind of place. But they do have $3 Long Island Iced Tea all day every day. And the rest of the food and drinks aren't that bad either.I would prefer this over Applebee's happy hour menu. The food tastes better and the drinks are cheaper. As usual, check the days of the week to make sure that you are getting the right happy hour specials because they change everyday. The Italian Nachos is a good deal. It's a lot of food for $6 and you can split that with someone. It comes with chips, sausage, pepperoni, hot peppers, lettuce, etc. THE WORKS. Come here for your drinking pleasure. Better than going to an actual bar and club and pay twice the amount for your drinks. Get some food while you are at it. Then go to the club. ;)
3	We got off the freeway looking for a place to eat and saw their Sierra Nevada Pale Ale sign in the window and that decided it for us.  They also had another SNPA sign in the dining room.  But they do not serve Sierra Nevada Pale Ale.  Waitress, MacKenzie, didn't seem to have a lot of knowledge about beer.  Won't need to go there again.
3	They have the best hawaiian pizza, hands down, ever.  Service was ok, had a spinach avocado chix salad that was mediocre at best.  BEST hawaiian pizza ever, to reiterate.  Honestly, its one of the best things I have eaten in my life.  So, yeah.Bit pricey..............
5	I love this place!  Been going here for years and will continue to go.  They have by far the best deep dish pizza ever.  Also when I go with my vegan friend we order the vegetarian 7 on thin crust without cheese and MMMMMMMMMmmmm its a great with Four Peaks Peach.  Yummers.  Great place to go any day of the week.  Bar gets busy on the weekends.
5	Great happy hour!! We have had excellent service.. Great Beers on Tap.. Love their Happy Hour Italian Nachos!!
5	We had the deep dish Chicago pizza. It was cooked perfect. Allison was a great server. We had a large party of 30+. All food ordered was correct and fresh from the kitchen. Thumps up!
5	(Lyrics - Chicago - You're The Inspiration)You know that Yelp was meant to beThe kind of Yelp that last foreverAnd I want you to taste with meFrom tonight until the end of timeYou should know, everywhere I goI'm Bo Biting all the time, on my YelpOn my siteAzculture Baby!I'm Bo Biting with some starsI'm at Old ChicagoYou bring feeling to every biteI'm at Old ChicagoWanna go review itI wanna go reviewingNo one deserves more stars than you......Old Chicago is a chain American pizza restaurant that started out in Colorado.  The location I attended didnt seem too happening so I was a tad bit skeptical.  Needless to say, I've heard great things about it so what the hey.Oh how I was wrong!  I should not have been doubting the O' Chi-town!  Let's just say I was pretty blown away by their Chicago style pizza.  I understand the pizza rivalry; New York or Chicago, but I got to hand it to them.  Nice thick and doughy pizza crust atop with warm and spicy pizza sauce.  This mouth watering pizza punched my palates and had me singing....and eating of course.  I also tried their fried zucchini and was pretty impressed.  Nice and crunchy while the warm zucchini inside brought the soft texture to this wonderful appetizer!  In the end, if I'm in need of some Chicago style pizza I'll definitely stop by this joint and order a few drinks along the way! - Enjoy!
5	been coming here for years because I dream of some day completing a full beer tour.  completed some mini tours but not the big one yet.  this place is always giving me store credit for birthdays and other holidays which is just ducky in my book.  food ain't bad but seriously you're coming here for the beer tour.
1	I can count on one hand how many times I have been to Old Chicago. In fact, I can count on two fingers how many times I have been to Old Chicago. The most recent time will be my last.Our server was rude, forgetful and unorganized. I wanted to take advantage of the reverse happy hour, as well as my friends. We had a few questions about the menu and specials. However, our waiter didn't want to answer many of the questions and made us feel like an inconvenience. Once we placed our order, we waited for over 30 minutes for it to arrive. When the food finally arrived, it was lukewarm, overcooked and tasted like bad leftovers. My friend received the wrong soup, which I wasn't too surprised as the waiter was clearly not paying attention to anything when we let him know what we would like. After requesting the right soup, we waited another 20 minutes for that until the waiter showed up and asked if we would like tequila shots. Uhm... No tequila shots-- just the right soup please. Mind you, this was second time he asked if we wanted to buy shots. Are you a When the soup arrived it looked like baby food.bartender? What is this place?Stop the world!! I want off!!The waiter didn't remove the soup from the bill, he was clearly frustrated as we requested our checks immediately. Bad food. Bad service. Bad tip. Bad restaurant.
4	This place is always a good go to provided you like pizza and beer. The service has always been good. They seem to have a low turn over for bartenders and wait staff, which is good because you can get to know the people working there. Prices are decent and the place has always been clean. Food is hot and drinks are cold! All in all a good place.
5	Jesus villezcas is legit. We were from out of town and looking for somewhere to hang out.  The staff were very friendly and helpful and they have a great selection of Drafts. Fun atmosphere and tasty pizzas.  Can't go wrong with old Chicago.
4	Really nice staff who make you feel right at home :-) sit at the bar and if Jessie is working you are sure to have a good time. The pepperoni rolls are excellent! So many beers I'm gunna have to become a regular! Go BEARS!
1	I have been to this Mesa AZ location on Alma School Road a few times with good results but this last time Tuesday 8/19/2014 will be my last. The waitress gave me a crazy look when I asked if there was a house italian salad dressing. The deep dish pizza was terrible. They hardly put any cheese on the thing and all is left is one inch of dough for 16 dollars. They even renamed the NY style to something else I forget now because they apparently are not using mozzerella instead some cheap processed cheese food on the pizza. Just Terrible.
3	Thr food here is good, however, nothing to write home about. Have been there 3 times now to give it a fair shake on the service. 2 out of 4 yes the service has been below satisfactory. The food prep was mediocre and no attention give to actually servicing it "hot". The times that I've been there were non-busy times with no excuse to have such a low level of service. Will only return upon request by my other half and the fact that it's extremely close to our home.
5	The food is good and the staff is very nice and friendly. The total experience is always good.
4	Love the large beer list that they have on tap. If your a craft beer drinker, this isn't the first place I would go, but you won't be disappointed. Atmosphere could be a little better, but overall a great place to visit.
4	We visited the bar on the day after Christmas to have a few drinks while waiting for a friend to get off work. The bar was clean and well lit and our waiter, Jesus,  was very friendly and attentive even though the two of us were taking up a four top and ordering cheap drinks and no food. Our needs were simple but they were taken care of without getting in our way.
5	The service was great! My boyfriend ordered the peppercorn blue cheese burger and wouldn't stop talking about how good it was while eating it. The fried spicy pickles were delicious! I would definitely come back here again.
4	Went here the other night to watch some bowl games. My friend and I sat at the bar. The bartender Brittney was very friendly and attentive. We never had to wait for service which was great. The manager Danielle even stopped by and chatted and asked how we were doing. Great service really makes all the difference. I will be back. Thanks.
4	While exploring Mesa, we came across Old Chicago Restaurant, which specializes in both deep dish and thin crust pizza. There were several TVs with different sports games. The hostess gave us two seating options - booth or table. Behind the dining room, there was a door leading to the bar area. They have a wide variety of beers on tap and in bottle form. It changes on a monthly basis. On Sunday's, all draft beers are $3 except the ciders which are $5. The wall is decorated with Hall of Foam wooden beer mugs with names!For drinks, I'd recommend the Blue Moon which comes with an orange slice and Arnold Palmer which consisted of fresh lemonade and freshly brewed iced tea. For pizzas, I'd recommend the Tuscan Chicken with Spinach in Chicago Thick. This pizza was a white pizza with lemon garlic sauce. It has cheese, sun dried tomatoes, applewood spiced chicken, bruschetta tomatoes, and roasted garlic. It was topped with fresh spinach tossed in a lemon vinaigrette.We also got Royal Margherita in Tavern Thin. It was a white pizza with pesto sauce. It has tomato bruschetta, roasted garlic, fresh mozarella, and basil olive oil. It was topped with fresh basil.
