5	It's my nearest Starbucks which is lucky because it's also the friendliest in the valley - no really!
4	This is my favorite Starbucks!  Yeah, I know you're thinking that they're all the same - but, really are they?  Haven't you ever gone to another location of your fav place and it's just not the same?  My drink always tastes the same (the right way), the people are awesome, it's always clean, wifi works, and even the other patrons are nice.  Like everyone else in Arizona, I spend a lot of time in my car - - so I visit a lot of Starbucks; But this one - this one is different.  Different = Better.No complaints here.
4	No water and that was really what I was looking for.  Still, overall, good location.
5	Like those before me I will say that this is a great location!  The staff was super friendly and I noticed a lot of folks came in and they knew them.  I will keep going back to a place that remembers me.  That shows initiative on their part and makes me want to frequent a place where I'm not just another customer.  Technically it is not Fall yet but Starbucks has brought back my all time favorite, the Pumpkin Spice Latte!!  YAY!  I look forward to this every year.  Fall is my favorite season and the Pumpkin Spice Latte is just another reason to love it!  Although here in AZ it's hard to tell when Fall starts.  I guess that means it goes from being 110 to about 90 outside.  But I digress.....This location also has a fair amount of seating and plugs for laptops.  They also have seating outside.  It was clean, even the bathroom and when you have a child you see a lot of bathrooms!  A clean bathroom in a public place is a thing of beauty.  I don't live close to any of the really great coffee places so Starbucks will have to suffice.  And it helps when you find a Starbucks card in your purse too!!
5	Probably my favorite location to come to. Everyone is great and friendly and my drinks are always perfect. Worth the hour drive for me!
5	Work keeps me on the road, and it took experiencing a lot of Starbuckses to appreciate just how awesome my local one is. This location has great staff, plenty of tables, and just the right vibe. Like Calie mentioned in her review, even the other patrons are great.I can get a consistent cup of coffee at any location, but if I'm not running out the door with my joe, this is the Starbucks I want to be at.
4	Always friendly, always knows my drink. Quiet and plenty of outlets for road warriors like me.
5	Great location, so close to my home. The staff is extremely friendly and fast service. The shop is very clean and has a lot of retail products available for purchase. I LOVE this location!
3	OK, Starbucks is Starbucks and this location like most has its share of regulars and comfortable atmosphere.
4	Great location! The staff was very friendly and had fast service.
5	Good location, always great service to get me in and out with my cup of coffee.
4	This location is the closest to my house. Honestly, I've never had a bad experience here. Although Starbucks is Starbucks, the employees are friendly and my drinks are always correct. Can't complain.*They have a promotion going on right now where you get a free tall hazelnut macciato until 3/31/13. Just ask bc I don't think it's advertised. Got mine today!*
4	I like the staff here - the young'ns are friendly and not snarky or rude the way I can imagine I might be if I was forced to deal with the incessant crowd of hippies, homeless, 9-to-5ers and picky folks.I can't say anything about their espressos as I've mostly gotten fraps here (a rare treat for me) and tea.. I usually go here to hang out with my sis (who is literally a permanent fixture here) and it's a nice atmosphere inside and outside with all the seating available (definitely a huge draw to this place, as it is plentiful).
4	Had a gift card so decided to use it here. They were running a special on some drink that had Carmel and they stated running out and cheaping on the Carmel. One guy sent his drink back because of that issue. My drink was great. The place was packed but the service was awesome.
3	I love Starbucks.  The new Orange refresher is delicious!
4	I really like the convenience of drive thru Starbucks, but this one has a traditional vibe that makes me want to get out of my car. They are friendly and always get my drink right.
5	Love the Carmel frapp with soy and decaf. The chocolate flour less cookie is a good treat too.
4	Not much to say about this.  Typical Starbuck's beverages (you either like their coffee and other beverages, or you don't), a few munchies (not many).  But the staff was very friendly and efficient, and the little patio outside is nice.  Convenient location.
5	One of my favorite Starbucks locations. My regular Barista Nate always has a smile on his face, offers creative drink suggestions, and if something isn't quite right, he makes sure you leave happy. Despite being a corporate coffee house, this location has a great neighborhood feel. My only suggestion for improvement is enforcing the no smoking zone on their patio - I love to enjoy the great AZ weather without the stench of cigarette smoke. Everyone's entitled to do what they want but should be considerate of how it affects those around them.Overall, love having this Starbucks as my regular coffee house.
4	I have never been a huge fan of coffee.... but now I am an addict. The employees are amazing and my drinks are perfect. Now if they could only install a drive-thru :)
4	I've hit up this Starbucks several times now on my drive into work. The staff here is very customer friendly, the service is fast and they always put a smile on my face when I walk in and hear "Good morning!"Some people don't care about simple things like this, but for me businesses that take the time to greet or connect with their customers will always keep me coming back. Great job guys!
3	The Oprah chai latte is not to my liking.  Very strong on the nutmeg.  The regular chai latte is good though.
5	Great happy service from the cashier guy. Very friendly and knows how to talk to his customers about anything like other coffee shops! Ordered an afternoon green tea latte and a chocolate croissant for an afternoon snack.
