3	I'm giving Monroe Street Bistro 3 stars instead of 4 on principle.  As I understand it, down the road at Brasserie V, the original owners had a disagreement about things (as owners do), and one split to create Monroe Street Bistro.  ....It is almost exactly the same as Brasserie V, except the beer list is much less impressive at Monroe Street Bistro.  Since this is just hearsay, I could be wrong.  But let's assume the information is correct.What's different from the V: -Less Belgian tap beers, or beers in general-More fancypants cocktails and wines-I believe they had more in the way of appetizers, salads, and desserts.But in the way of entrees?  Both me and my dining companion agreed: The same.  To a shameless degree.  I wouldn't have a problem with this per se, but they are on the *same street* as Brasserie V.  It's just kind of ridiculous, like how State Street has two Afghani restaurants.  As though they couldn't find anywhere else in Madison to open up and be successful.My little ethical compass issues aside, I thoroughly enjoyed my dining experience.  We split Moules et Frites, which was excellent.  Our friend had a burger and frites, which she said was excellent.  She enjoyed a mojito, which was purportedly awesome.  Me and my friend each had a Belgian tap beer, both of which were wonderful (I had something called Triple Karmeleit, or something like that....it was very caramely, true to the name).  The place was absolutely packed to the point of turning people away at 7 on a Saturday night.  It's very small, so it's understandable.  A helpful tip: They will not seat you until your entire party has arrived.  It seems like a smooth operation, because once I arrived, we were seated promptly.  Our waiter showed up right away, got us drinks, and was *incredibly* friendly.  I mean, he was just so damn pleasant.  The decor was nice enough, and it seems like it would be quite cozy for a winter's night dining experience.Still, I'd just as soon go to Brasserie V.
1	A dining experience encompasses many different things: food, service, atmosphere, price, et cetera. And so while the food and atmosphere at the Monroe St. Bistro are acceptable, even good, the service was abysmal and downright offensive regardless of price.The staff was unaccommodating to our party, rude to friends on previous visits and then blamed us, their paying customers, for causing problems. Unless this places comes under new management, it's on my very short no-go list.
1	I'm not going to get in to the various levels of inappropriate behavior that we encountered and have heard about surrounding this restaurant, but, needless to say, I won't be going back and I cannot with a good conscience write a post that does anything other than recommend the same for others.  Go to Brasserie V - its the same concept anyway.
1	I really wanted to like this restaurant... Sadly I do not.  My wife and I dined there with some friends a couple of weeks ago.  All of our entrees were terrible.  My initial impression was that they were all burned or over cooked .  One of our friends had the Mahi Mahi (always makes me nervous ordering that in WI) it smelled like vomit - I am not exagerating.  I ordered the steak frites.  My steak was really charred and completely under seasoned.  We won't be going back.
4	I thought it was fine.  The Mahi Mahi did smell weird, but tasted good.  Especially a full bite with the superb latke underneath.  The peppers in there were good too but the fava beans... nah.  The frites were super seasoned but I liked them a lot.  I think the best thing at the table were the mussels.  Those were perfectly cooked.  Not rubbery... velvety and juicy.  Delicious.  I thought the menu was a bit small in the beer department.  Good overall.
5	I ate at MSB awhile back and had every intention of writing a review but, like so many things, it fell to the wayside of my exceedingly busy schedule.  As I was perusing reviews and stumbled across the rating for MSB, I was shocked.  Upon further reading, I was even more surprised.  With that, I was inspired to pen my own review.I dined with a party of two at MSB on a week night around 8pm.  It was busy but not overwhelmingly so.  We were seated and had just ordered drinks when management came out to ask a favor of us; they had some live acoustic entertainment coming in that usually uses the area we were seated in as their stage.  Management apologized that the hostess had made a mistake in seating us there and made sure our first round of drinks were gratis.  As if that weren't enough to make up for the extremely minor inconvenience we were also gifted a few David Bacco chocolates for dessert which were--of course--absurdly delicious.My lady-friend and I split a crab cake to start off the meal which was WONDERFUL.  She called it the best crab-cake she's ever had but she has both a flair for the dramatic and less-than-discerning tastes; she was, afterall, there on a date with me.The lovely lady ordered the season quiche for an entree which was excellent but a bit small in portion.  The slice itself was a bit undersized but could've been made up for with a more substantial side then the greens that accompanied it as my companion was left hungry.  To be fair again though, she could probably stand to be a bit underfed if you know what I mean.I, myself, had a pork chop which I'm not sure is still on the menu.  The porkchop was exquisite; full of flavor, moist and tender.  I could not have been happier with my choice.  I believe it was accompanied by esparagus but I'm not entirely positive on this.  Despite my generally fuzzy memory, I'm sure of this:  the food was absolutely excellent and the service was fine.  Though not the best service I've ever had they didn't do anything to detract from the five stars the food itself earns MSB.  It makes me truly wonder what other reviewers have experienced or 'heard about' to be so reviled by this place.  Perhaps I do not want those answers though and would prefer to continue in my ignorant bliss.  Regardless, I vividly remember being very happy with this trip to Monroe Street even without getting the goodnight kiss from my date.......What a bitch.
1	Terrible, awful, unbelievable service.  The waitress wouldn't bend over to pick up our menus, but every time she placed a beer she touched another person's drink.  The food was okay - nothing spectacular.  Given the price, however, I'd label it as awful.  The $12 burger looked like Grade D (similar to McDonalds) beef.  The beet salad was not good either.  If you're looking for something similar but with MUCH better food, atmosphere, and service, try Brocach Irish Pub on the Capital Square. And, the happy hour can only be ordered at the bar, but you have to consume it there ~ not very accommodating.
2	It's just okay, and with all the other options around I do not recommend this one.  Especially for the money.  All that butter in the mussels was pretty weird, otherwise they were alright.  What was no alright is when the server took the shell bowl away midway through without providing a new one.  The service had the right intent, but execution was off.  And there's the odd issue about not taking food with us, mentioned elsewhere here on Yelp.  I'm sure usually a non-issue, but off putting, baseless, and out of place nonetheless.  Eggs overdone; tuna was alright; artichoke dip mediocre and bland.
5	There are certain things I cannot understand.  One of them, is how Monroe Street Bistro (MSB) can flog their already reasonably-priced fabulous array of beers, wines and whiskies at half-off during happy hour from 4pm-7pm.    A huge goblet of St. Bernardus 12 for $4?  I'm sorry, but this massive Belgian classic served perfectly from a fresh keg with clean lines going at that price - - there is nowhere in the world you will get the same opportunity.So I've been there quite often, actually, always enjoying the amazing prices on spectacular beers (tonight also had the Tripel Karmeliet - - lots of gfreat local beers, along with other well-selected gems, and old popular favorites, are rotated through as well).And tonight, there with an old friend, we had some food too:   JUST the burger.    Just the best burger ever (local meat;  almost raw/pink in the middle; seared on the outside) but the "fries" were almost as remarkably mind-blowing  - -  I NEVER order "fries",  and if I have a meal that automatically includes "fries" I don't eat them - - the pasty, empty, fat-filled filler that they are. But I ate all the fries (or 'frites')  at MSB before I had even taken two bites of best burger ever.   They were tantalizing, part-crispy, part-ripe&soft, peel-earthy, twisted, partily-tightly-browned, part robust flavor & texture.   The burger, after that, was like some excruciatingly special dessert.   The burger and freets were, like twelve bucks  (about the price of three of the best beers on the planet at MSB).Slapping myself.
2	Eh.  Feh.  Went last Saturday night.  Restaurant was almost empty. Because we had filled up on appetizers at home, we just ordered drinks and entrees.  Drinks were good.  Entrees fair all around, and they came out disquietingly fast after we ordered them. I ordered rack of lamb medium rare.  Came out so rare it was baa-ing.  I  had them cook it more, which they did cheerfully, and it came back out on the rarer side of medium-rare.  I ate it.  It was ok, although the strong tasting rosemary rub did not help.On the whole the place just didn't have a lot to recommend it.
1	Smell you later, Monroe Street Bistro.
2	... and now it's appropriately closed.
4	I was so sad to find out that it closed. They had the best happy hour (4-7pm half priced drinks). My friends and I went every week. And everyone was extremely friendly - hostess, bartenders, waitresses. Their fries were also delicious. Very excited they've reopened as jacs, with a cheaper food menu (all of which looks delicious).
4	I thought it was very good. I got the Chicken Cordon Bleu sandwich and it had great flavor and texture. Also, the soup of the day was Tomato Bisque, also delicious.The only complaint I had was that the chicken on the sandwich was a little burned on the edges.
1	Owner was rude and insulting. Won't EVER go back. $12 is way too much to spend on hamburger on a stale bun.
