4	A good burger at a reasonable price and the fries stay hot all the way home. One cannot underestimate the value of hot fries.
5	Great dogs, brats, chicken, sandwiches, burgers, fries, beer, & wine. Nothing over 5 dollars
4	Sarah said "nothing over 5 dollars" which is untrue. There are several $6 items. I don't mean to split hairs, but I was disappointed to find her statement disproven.Don't be fooled by the emphasis on hot dogs, this is A BAR. I brought my daughter to get some take-out and felt super inappropriate having her in there, especially after being told we couldn't sit at the bar and wait for our food (she's sober, folks!). Anyway, the food was really yummy, cheap, and as a bar it seemed to have great value too. Very spacious, lots of tables, a fancy Internet jukebox, pool and darts, and a tidy-looking smoking patio. It's in a sort of unlikely location (plaza/strip mall) but it is on Main St. so it's easy for us to get it. According to a banner on the wall, Thursdays are Ladies' Nights with $1.50 "You call its." Let it be known that I LOVE dive bars so if you're looking for something classy, don't bother. It's a plain bar with yummy unhealthy food. The staff was friendly, nothing to write home about, and the clientele were typical blue collar-y type day-drinkers.
3	We ate there on a Sunday afternoon. The place was pretty dead, only about 4 other customers, mostly at the bar.Overall atmosphere: Clean, bright, smoking room toward the front of the place, full bar, a few dart boards and two pool tables. Pros:- Cleanliness: I was pretty impressed with the cleanliness of the floors and bar area.- Service: Waiter was great and checked up on us, took our order quickly.- FOOD. I got a footlong chili dog and fries for about $5.50. It was delicious and was a lot of food. The hot dog was high quality and their fresh home cut fries were delicious. The fries were not greasy and cooked perfect. Cons:- It's a bar, so it's not exactly "family friendly", but that's ok.- Place looks a little rough on the outside, but fine on the inside.- SInce we went on a Sunday afternoon, I'm not sure if I can say I know for sure the ambiance/mood of the joint.Tip:It looks like they have $1 on Saturday night (in a red solo cup). We asked the waiter what kind of beer they serve for that and he said Rolling Rock - pretty impressive and may check that out sometime.
3	A little rough around the edges but great breakfast and service they have a smoking area outside which inevitably drifts back inside have only had breakfast no beer on tap
1	The place is horrible. The food, the service, the location ( you need to worry about getting jumped or stabbed in the neighborhood) Yikes! Me and a few buddies were driving around- apparently got lost on tthe very wrong side of town in Mesa- were hungry, needed a bathroom and saw the sign and went in.There was no one there except staff which is the first bad sign & it was around lunch time. They were gossiping about people and seemed to ignore the only customers they had in their Bar or whatever this place is supposed to be. One of the skanky tweer looking girls was sneaking shots behind the counter- she didn't even look 21+ more liek she was in high school.A skanked out server was all over my buddy- totally gross.  We decided to order some food- it was crappy- we didnt finish, paid out bill & got the hell out of there as fast as possible.If you are looking to throw away money on food that you can't eat- worry about getting robbed-stabbed or jumped in the parking lot, and listen to gossip from tweeker whores and thier drugged out manager who could seem to care nothing about the spot or the 3 customers that I am sure we were the only ones that came in that day-  geeze!Don't bother wasting time money energy going to this dump! I am surpirsed they havent been shut down.  PASS!
