4	Had my first blow out today at the new spot. Very friendly and my stylist did a great job. They use top of the line Aveda products and my hair smells fabulous. I enjoyed a tasty cup of coffee and chocolates. I'll be back again
5	This place is awesome- I was in need of a quick blow out for Christmas Eve dinner and thought I would give this place a shot. Very impressed with the level of customer service, cleanliness of the salon and how beautiful my curls looked. Definitely coming again for NYE!
4	I gave this new location a chance due to their Groupon. I have been to the CenPho location twice and my hair did not look that good. I am glad I tried this place....my hair looked great! I think it will give DryBar some healthy competition being across from Scottsdale Quarter. The only thing that prevented me from the 5 stars was the lack of a foot stool when you are getting your hair washed and the chairs were a little far from the counter. I had to reach far to grab my water or magazine. Small things but not comparable to the Drybars. Great place though!
1	Do not waste your time and money.  I left and went home and washed my hair again.  It was the worst style I have ever had.  No comparison to Dry Bar in the Quarters.
4	I was reluctant to try this place because I had tried many other blow dry bars in the valley and didn't have that good of an experience, but gave it a chance since I had a 15% off flyer. I had 10:00am appointment and was able to get in earlier. They were so welcoming, everyone was so nice. The place is so cute and very clean. My hair looked gorgeous my stylist knew exactly what I wanted when I described  it to her. I just wished they had foot stools to rest my feet at the shampoo bowls, but other than that I had a great experience.
5	I was in Scottsdale for a bachelorette party and unfortunately it was a chilly day.  Our group was looking for something to do to occupy our time.  Blow Dry Bar by Kimberly was very accommodating to our group of 7.  They managed to fit us all in even though it was prom night in the area.....something that dry bar down the street would not do.  We had a great time with the girls....they allowed us to bring in our makeup and get ready.  We basically took over the place.  All of us looked awesome afterwards and went out for a great dinner.  I would definitely recommend this place.  The girls are so nice here.
