3	I only gave it 3 stars cause I am sad that Cravings or Gecko Grill is now gone from this location.  But I am happy it was replaced with another great restaurant I love.   Already been here multiple times but have to give Filbertos some love for purchasing such a nice location.  I always get the Arizona Burrito and then a side order of Three rolled tacos...and yes its alot of food but I will pound it like nothing.  The Arizona Burrito is my absolute fave but occasionally you'll find me ordering the Carne asada burrito.  Anyway great location, very clean restaurant, and as always great food!  Really wish they had a drive through though.
3	This filibertos is nice and clean! How do I know this? Well it always smells like Mr. Clean!  ha ha! It's not so bad and it doesn't seem to stop others either.    My favorite is the chickent taco combo! Yum, I like the hard shelled tacos like my mom use to make.. The rice is pretty darn close to being perfect!  We order the horchata and jamacia for drinks - nice an sugary! It's open late and the service is always friendly and fast. Can't go wrong with fast food Mexican!
3	Ok, 3 stars because it was good AND I didn't get sick this time.  I had the Fajita plate.  It is always some decent Mexican food (for Fast Food style Mexican) but it always seems to get me in the stomach after I eat it.  This time, no problems.  It is still hard for me to go into this location and look around because I really did love that Cravings place (Mexican too) much better and I wish it had not gone out of business.  What's funny is I had not even intended on eating here.  I wanted to hit up Sushi Creek for the first time, but I didn't know it was closed on Monday (sigh) so I headed next door.  So at best, this was the next best thing.  hahah
3	Food is good as always. Mens bathroom was horrible. If I had not already ordered I would have walked out..
2	This location is clean.. but the food almost has a taste of the cleaner that they use.  I live right by this location, but drive the extra distance to the Ironwood location just to avoid that chance of getting a pine sol tasting burro.
4	Excellent fast Mexican food from a clean, friendly restaurant. A big plus was being able to eat chips and salsa while waiting for our big take-out order. I had the chile relleno plate and they were better than some I have had at other Mexican restaurants. The salsa, pico, rice, and beans were all tasty and the portions were huge! The tacos and burritos that the other family members got all looked great and my daughter loved her chicken enchilada and beef taco. The next time we're in Queen Creek visiting family, I will be stopping at this Filibertos!BTW, It is kind of hard to find because it is tucked away in the corner of a strip-mall and it's difficult to see their sign. At least they have a road side sign to guide you in.
3	We always go here for the deals of the week, mon - fri each day has something different for $0.99 and they are all good. This is one of the cleaner ones I have ever been to since it is new, but the food is also just as good. If you like mexican food and you are stuck in Queen Creek, park your horses outside and come in for a bite to eat.  Well they don't have horse parking but you know what I mean LOL.
3	This is just another taqueria with greasy so-so Mexican food.  The one up side is the salsa bar.
4	Always happy to see you, cashiers are very nice and place is very clean. Great daily specials, I always wait for taco Tuesdays. Can't beat it.
2	Usually a BIG FAN, however tonight the Carne Asada Burro did not deliver; the culprit - poorly chopped Pico De Gallo.  Seriously pieces of onion larger than the biggest chunk of carne.  NO JOKE 1/4 inch cuts of onion, whole slices of Jalapeno, uncut cilantro leaves.  :(
5	We love filibertos and were so happy there was one out our way when we moved. This location is great and has delicious food. The tastes always seem to vary between their restaurants, and this one is in the top ranking few for us. I never knew a simple bean burrito could taste so good. :)
4	This location is a bit hidden in an odd-shaped shopping center in the old part of Queen Creek (near Norton's Corner and Eggs TC).  I was very pleasantly surprised with how spotlessly clean the restaurant is inside, including really clean restrooms.  Service is friendly and fast.  Food is excellent (they have a very nice salsa bar, too).  Prices are very low.  Lots of very good seating inside.
5	Best filis in town! Go here very often. Food is always fresh and meat is never dry like some of the other locations.
4	Good Mexican food... in between fast food and restaurant.  Other locations in Phoenix area.  This location nice.  Perfect for family with young children.  Good deals too!
5	Always clean and consistent. I love the shredded beef tacos, especially on taco Tuesday. This location also has a salsa bar with excellent salsa varieties. Like it so much, I don't mind that they don't gave a drive-thru. I will continue going and recommend it to others.
