4	I ordered takeout from this restaurant today: Orange Chicken and Crab puffs..The food was good....Portions huge.....The pieces of chicken were cooked nicely. They could have been a little crispier. The orange sauce was good and plentiful.The crab puffs were cooked perfect, and the filling was great..My only not so great comment is that the inside of the restaurant smelled like old moldy feet...I don't think I would like to dine in.
5	My family and I love this restaurant. We've been coming close to 20 years. Our ten year old grand daughter has been coming with us since she was 6 weeks old.  Her favorites are crab puffs and mu shu pork.  My favorite is General Tso's chicken, but I will eat anything they make as long as it doesn't have green bell peppers in it.  My stomach cannot tolerate them, but there are so many great choices, it has never been a problem.
4	This is a great little old school chinese restaurant.  They have pink linens, fake flowers, etc...it feels like a 1980s NY style chinese restaurant.  Aside from the decor, the food is good.  I enjoy their hot and sour soup, yum!  They are affordable and the portions are a good size.
5	Great experience. Nice staff.. very QUICK and DELICIOUS. A little pricey but portions are HUGE!
4	Love this place; the tablecloths, the fish tank, the waitpersons and the food!  We try something different each time and so far nothing bad!
4	The staff is super friendly and you get good service for in restaurant and for take out.  I think they have a harder time with large parties, as that was my only mediocre experience with this restaurant.  All other times were good.Favorites: Hot and sour soupMinced beef with cilantro soupMoo-shu chicken
4	On the menu for us wasGeneral Tao's chickenChicken Lo MeinKung PaoToo ( chicken and shrimp)Fried riceCrab puffsEverything came out fresh and hot and very delishish!! The service was fast and very attentive !Portions are huge! The cost for dinner was $40.00 bucks not bad for great food and great service!!
1	I have been going exclusively to Yen Ching for the last 5 years and only once before did i have any mistakes on an order, until now. I placed an order for myself, my wife and for my mother in law. I asked for a dinner sized chicken and broc in WHITE SAUCE. When i got home the chicken in broc was in the brown sauce, since Yen Ching closes between 2:30 and 4:30 i had to wait 2 hours to call in the mistake. When i managed to get ahold of someone i was informed the woman that took the order was not there anymore that day and had to call e back. When i did get to speak with her she argued that i never once said white sauce, it was my fault an they would do nothing bout it. Our room mate is still bitching at me for the order mistake and for a simple $10 dinner i can not recommend anyone go to here since if your order is messed up they will do nothing for you. Sad, i have spent thousands of dollers here inthe last 5 years and now, i will never buy from Yen Ching again.
2	The General Tso's chicken lacked crispiness and flavor with a heat index of pre school. I had the Garlic chicken on a previous visit, and it was pretty tasty.
1	Went with two other people, ordered the General Tso's chicken and the Spicy Braised Fish with the intent of getting a third dish if we were still hungry.  The fish came with an option to substitute fried rice for white rice for $1.50, and I requested that.  The fried rice came out way too fast for it to have been fried to order.  It tasted like steamed rice seasoned with soy sauce, and there were maybe 5 carrots/peas in the entire bowl.  It was too salty for me to enjoy, but I kept it on my plate hoping that the sauces from the main dishes would cut some of the salt.   Spicy fish and chicken came out, neither had even the faintest spice but both were horribly salty.  In addition they were overcooked to the point that I couldn't tell which meat was which, and had to rely on the garnish to tell the two dishes apart.  The chicken was the worse of the two, because in addition to being salty and overcooked it was cloyingly sweet and buried under a thick (ketchup-consistency) sauce that was impossible to eat around.I told the waiter that we wanted to exchange the chicken for a different dish.  He said that this was impossible, and that this is how General Tso's chicken is supposed to taste.  I started to argue, but decided it wasn't worth it since even if we got a replacement, we'd likely be trading one inedible dish for another.  We picked at the fish some more, and left hungry.  When we got the bill, it turned out that we were charged three times for fried rice, even though we only requested it with one dish.
5	bin going here for years and this is the best chinese food in the east valley hands down 10/10
5	Ive been coming here for almost 20 years, and the quality of food, staff, and decor have not changed one bit.Please, please, PLEASE check their hours before stopping. They tend to change. Now, when you get here, DO NOT be put off but the pink and blue 80's decor. The food is worth it. So, so worth it.Everytime we come here, we get the same older gentleman (who really is the *sweetest* guy) serving us. He's always prompt, attentive, and more than cordial.We always get a Bo Bo platter (also called a Pu Pu platter), tea, and 2 side dishes. The platter (for 2) comes w/ an egg roll, deep fried shrimp, crab puffs, foil wrapped chicken (one of my faves), spare ribs, and beef on a skewer (complete w/ a flaming platter to crisp it up). This place is one of the only places in AZ Ive found that serves this platter w/ flames.The tea is always delicious and hot. We opt for chicken fiend rice (some of the best in the valley) and chicken chow mein (crispy noodles), along w/ an extra order of crab puffs. Its enough food for take away and it's as delicious the next day.Be sure to as for some real hot mustard to go and enjoy some of the best Chinese food in the valley!
1	Nasty. Better off going to Panda Express. It's just sloppy, greasy, and bland. Not to mention that they forgot an entire entree for our take-out order, which we didn't find out until we got home. The old folks around superstion springs probably love it - cheap and bland.
5	Well let me start that this place has been around for forever, so they must be doing something right. I remember going here with my family after all my silly plays in elementary school and I still go here, I'm now in college. The food is really yummy  and the price is inexpensive. The restaurant decor is a little funky but I don't go there for that. The people who work there are super nice and will take very good care of you. They have weird hours on Saturday though, which is my only complaint. They open around 4:30 pm but the food is so worth it.
2	I was sadly disappointed with this place. I had the chicken chow mein and it had way too much teriyaki sauce. I felt crappy afterwards too. For the price I expected it to be much better. There are better Chinese restaurants in the area that are half the price and much tastier.
5	Terrific food!  Great drinks.  Usually very busy but will worth the wait!  Nice place white table cloths even!
4	I went to Yen Ching's for the first time last night with my mother. I was probably several decades younger than the majority of the clientele as well as the decor but don't let that fool you. This was probably some of the best Chinese food I have had in quite a while. I'll be taking my husband (he's very picky about Chinese food) here soon so he can try it out too! Thanks for a great meal (and tons of leftovers), Yen Ching!
2	Don't get take out during dinner. $10 for medium sized sweet and sour dish. It doesn't even come with an eggroll.  Their lunch dishes are cheaper and have more food! What a ripp off.
5	This place is the best Chinese food around by far. The staff is so friendly especially David, he is a server. I'm a college student on a budget and the prices are great for the amount of food you get! Yes the furniture is a little out dated and at first I was so skeptical but it is VERY clean :)
5	I highly recommend this place. The chicken lo mein, and pork fried rice was excellent. The greeter was very busy when I walked in, and he even didn't skip a beat, he acknowledged everyone in the room, with a smile, while performing his job. I was very impressed with his customer service. This place was packed. That means, good food and service, we'll be back..5 stars!!
5	My entire family loves this place. The decor is outdated, but the food and the staff are awesome. My Husband introduced this place to me 10 years ago, and it is by far our favorite chinese place to go to. I prefer to there rather then take it home. Even though the decor is not awesome, I like the atmosphere and the staff.
