4	Great place to relax and have a cigar.  Staff is friendly and very willing to help select a fine cigar to enjoy.
3	"The front of store staff were very knowledgeable and eager to help without being intrusive or obnoxious," said my friend and out-of-town guest, Clint B. It looks like they've changed owners since my last visit here. I'm not 100% positive, but pretty sure it's a locally owned shop given it's name. $5 day membership to smoke in the back lounge...what? If you buy a cigar there it should get you automatic access to the back rather than tacking on an additional charge to sit in a basic room. The lounge could be classed up a bit...it leaves you wanting...your $5 back.All in all, they offer a wide selection of cigars at many price points. This place would make a quick stop for that stocking stuffer!
4	Popped in her over Thanksgiving weekend with the Father in-law after lunch at Cowfish (right next door). Classy place when you first walk in...so many choices. Cigars and cigar accessories. Knowledgeable staff as well. There is a small smoking room in the back area (you'll see the cloudy smoke while you're walking around) that you can sit in for $5/day or a membership of $25/month gives you unlimited smoking privileges. Pricing was reasonable. I'll definitely be back.
5	I'm a service person first and foremost.  I had friends coming over to watch the Mayweather-Cotto fight and the NBA playoffs on Saturday night.  I live Uptown and wanted to pick up fresh cigars for us to enjoy.  It was around 6pm so I knew my choices would be limited and I'd probably have to trek to Southpark.  I googled "Charlotte cigars" and found this place.  I thought the google results were wrong but figured I'd drive by on my way to Southpark.  I'm glad I did.  I met the owner and he gave me a tour of the place and talked to me about his history in the business.  Super friendly and very knowledgeable and passionate about cigars.  There is a nice setup in the front where you can browse the inventory, grab a drink and smoke cigars if you are not a member.  The back area has a very small, intimate lounge area for members to smoke cigars (along with lockers for members).  I'm also usually guilty of going with the same cigar over and over but since the service was excellent, I asked for a recommendation.  I followed the recommendation and felt the cigars provided a very nice smoke for a very affordable price.  He also threw in a few cigar cutters and water pillows to help keep the cigars fresh.This will definitely be my go to spot when I want to buy cigars or sit to smoke cigars.  The service was better than any other place I've been to.  They're open late and have a great selection at fair prices.  I'm also looking forward to them having the patio open for Panther's games in the fall.
5	This is a great almost hidden gem in Uptown.  Good selection of higher quality cigars here, so don't go in looking for Philly's or Dutch Masters, you'll leave disappointed!  I actually first went in here when the DNC convention was in town and I got caught in a huge downpour.  I ended up talking to them and smoking a cigar for a while with them.  I've since been back about 4-5 times to grab smokes for different occasions or for gifts and they are always really helpful in picking out a cigar that'll work for what you need.  They also have put on different events with bands before Panthers games, special tastings for cigars, etc, so they are doing more than just selling smokes.
