4	For me, this is as good as it gets! Specifically because roller sets are $25. If you can stand sitting under the dryer, you can keep mula in your pocket. Charlie, Rick, Sherrell, and Chung will tame your mane, male or female.
4	A mishap with my stylist landed me in this multicultural salon and thanks to Arshanna (taking me as a last minute appointment) I didn't have to walk around with a hat on for the rest of the weekend:-) I was in and out in no time!  They use a variety of product lines and can accommodate all hair types. Thanks again Arshanna, my blowout was fab!
4	Roller sets are now $30.  Remember, a reservation will ensure the party gets off to a great start!
4	Love how my cut came out loved sharelles warm personality roller sets are 30 not bad at all will be back
5	I've been needing a haircut for the last year but have put it off because I can never find the right salon that can do it correctly. I've had the asme person cut my hair in years but when I moved, I was forced to find a different person. The haircuts I've gotten since were okay. Not bad, but I didn't love it. I just happened to drive by this salon since it was near my hotel and I called and spoke to Charlie who was able to get me in immediately. When I walked in, he was ready for me and he was very gentle, washed my hair very well(not rushed), cut it and blowed dry and all very gently. I am definitely going back to see Charlie! Oh! Price is reasonable too. I got a haircut, shampoo, blowdry for $40. Quality service!
5	I bought a livingsocial deal for Indulgence for a haircut, style and color. This place is across from Wells Fargo on WT Harris. There are plenty of parking lots. There are Tony's Pizze and Nona's bakery locate near Indulgence Salon. Charlie the owner did my haircut and color and he did a fabulous job on my hair. I bought the deal and he didn't rush to do my hair. He really took the time to color and cut my hair. I love the color and the cut. It is always a challenge for me to find a stylist that can do good haircuts. I am so glad that through Livingsocial that I find Indulgence Salon. Please give this salon a shot and you won't be disappointed. Charlie is great with hair and people. He really listens to what customers want. Thanks Charlie!!!
