4	HUGE improvements to the last 2 bars in this location.  They put a lot of money and it looks great.  Lots of TV's!  Drinks are OK priced, not as cheap but they got to stay in business, that spots been tricky.  Only thing is my friend ordered a different vodka then she got poured.  Otherwise will be back, want to try the food, hear its good too.
5	Really like this place. It is small and cozy - lots of TVs to see whatever team you are cheering for. So excited to see Sam Adams Octoberfest on tap - that doesn't happen too many places. The wings were also very good. They were a bit small, but I got 8 wings when I ordered 6 so that made up for the size. Nice staff too. I think we will be spending lots of game days here!
5	14 tvs to watch games on. Great food and good prices. Your beer is kept cold with a frosted mug. If you're a Sun Devil fan, this is the place to watch their games, although others are welcome, too.  Atmosphere is wonderful and The Big Guy knows how to schmooz. Kelly's a great host.I heard even Southsiders are allowed in.
4	Food is good and staff is friendly, including who I assume is the owner. Lots of tvs and they prioritize Cardinals games. My only problem is that sometimes if its really busy the staff gets backed up. Overall a great place to watch the game.
5	Best place in North Phoenix for a few beers, watch a game, and eat fabulous food!!! Go to Big Guys, you'l love it :)
5	This is a great place.  The staff is great and make everyone feel welcome.  The ambiance is very classy.  The drink prices are good.  And the food menu is excellent.  Great for sports, karaoke, or just hanging out for a beer on the outdoor patio. (and the patio is on the east so no afternoon sun in your face)
5	Visited Big Guy's Sports Grill for the first time on 4/11.  The food and drinks were reasonably priced and the wings were great! Establishment has enough flat screens so that no one will miss the action no matter where they are seated.  I look forward to visiting Big Guy's for an upcoming playoff game.
5	Great place to go for sports and food. Carrie is one of the best bartenders out there. Remebers what you drink and always remembers your name.
5	Big Guys has done a fine job making a "strip mall bar" a potential favorite. Service was fast and friendly. I did not eat, but friends did and the food looked and smelled high quality. Drinks reasonably priced and good pours. Eclectic crowd... Though gentle mannered and quite a bit of fun! Bathrooms were clean and uncrowded. Flat screen TV's had a variety of events. The open atmosphere and overall cleanliness had a welcoming feel. The tables, however were mildly sticky with paint. If you like a non-"clublike" bar with a chill feel this place is for you. Good crowd for a Thursday and seems to fit "all walks of life". Have a pint of a great beer selection and cheers to ya!
4	Not a typical sports bar! Big and clean with a very friendly staff. Important info: A well thought out selection of beers at great prices. $4 beers (regular price) on draft and in bottles... Rogue Dead Guy, Anchor Steam, Sam Adams Seasonal, Franziskaner and more. Even a fantastic Canadian beer with 9% alcohol, La Fin du Monde for $6. Some careful consideration was put into the beer list to get us drunk. Happy hour and reverse happy hours available as well.Other less important info... lots of tv's, nice staff, good food (surprisingly hot salsa), clean toilets, good music, nice sized smoking patio, young crowd. Even if you could care less about watching sports, you will still enjoy this place.
2	Very slow service on Thursday's no amber beers in stock so I would avoid this place like the plague.  I ordered a Cuban sandwich and it came on a bun. I guess I'm weird but I prefer mine on bread like a regular Cuban. The server was nice but they are just too understaffed. At our table many food items were 1.5 hour wait which is just totally unacceptable. Then the taste just wasn't worth the wait. Maybe Gordon Ramsey needs to come in and turn this kitchen nightmare into a nice flowing restaurant.
5	Love this place!  Its fairly new and very nice inside.  They have a ton of nice TV's, an excellent selection of beers at decent prices, delicious food and great service.  I will be coming back regularly.
3	I think "a-ok" perfectly describes how I felt after stopping by this place for happy hour. The bartender was nice, the food was pretty good, and the specials reasonable. I wasn't overwhelmed or underwhelmed by the visit, but thought it was pretty good.
4	Hated this place when it was whatever it was called before becoming Big Guys...thought their new name was weird kept getting it confused with Big Daddys which is a much dive-ier place a few mile away. Hey, nice job guys. You cleaned the place up, hired some nice looking staff, tripled the size of the bar. All pluses. Hint: Monday night 2-4-1 Burgers! Have always had good service and they have poker tournaments on some nights (maybe Monday).
4	4 stars for Thursday wing special. Honestly, I'm going to go out on a limb here and say that these may be the best wings I have ever had. And guess what, they are only $5 all day every thursday!! Now let me explain my perfect wing: I like them smaller, well done and not overly covered in sauce. Spot on here
4	I am giving this a four star because the service was a bit slow but the food was very good. Great place for watching the games and visitng with friends. I will go back!
5	This place is great, I always have a good time!  Nice outside seating, huge bar, fast and friendly service!
4	Stopped by at this very friendly spot on a Wednesday evening. Reverse happyhour. Bourbon & coke $3.00, Mick Ultra $2.50 damn niceWe'll be stopping in more often.
3	Since the guys rave about this place for Monday Night Football, it was time for me to go too.  We met two other people fir dinner on a Friday night. The service and getting our food was VERY slow. And the food was just ok.  I had a burger with fries.The place was ok, but certainly not the place to go grab something quick to eat.
4	Nice, sleek, friendly sports bar!I was pleasantly surprised by the interior. I went a couple of times when it used to be Coppers and I am impressed with the improvements they made inside. It doesn't look like a dive! Service was fantastic. Super nice servers. However, I do agree the service is slow, which probably isn't the servers fault, rather than a bar and back of the house problem. A beer took 10 minutes to get to me. And our burgers took nearly 40 minutes. (Which is puzzling because the restaurant only had about 6 tables occupied) This would be a problem if you are in a hurry. However, if you are just chilling out and watching a game (on one of their many TVs) it doesn't matter much. Our food was yummy, much better than the standard bar food. The hubs had a bacon cheeseburger and I had a veggie burger. Both had delish pretzel buns. These buns are sooo good! He had sweet potato fries and I had regular fries. They were also really good. I normally don't like sweet potato fries but these I did like. Nicely seasoned with Parmesan on top.I had a Groupon so the bill wasn't bad, of course. But the food and drinks are a little pricier than what I would want to spend at a sports bar. And they only have happy hour M-F. That said, I still will be back! They have a good thing going...
2	Food was just ok, service was good, but there was a funky stale beer odor that was hard to get past. Disappointed from what other reviewers said. Doubt I will go back.
4	I love this place. Cindy is a bar tender/owner and she is incredible! Make sure you sit at the bar, just not the same place anywhere else. Love all the TV's, really good food and the owners are always there. Love the pride of ownership. Good selection of beer and full bar. This is our favorite sports bar in town. The only reason that it's not a full 5 stars is the service can be a touch slow if you're not sitting at the bar and the tap beers could definitely be colder. Great happy hour prices too!
4	Big Guy's is a great place to watch the game and enjoy a great meal.
5	This place is still our favorite in town, and it's gotten even better. My wife and I went in the other night and unfortunately the bar was full so we sat in an outlying booth. Still great seats with tons of TV and staff is very accommodating to make sure they get the game you want on some where. Ownership seems to have turned most the service staff (not bar tenders which are great) over in the last few months. This is at least the 5th time we've been in there in the last couple months where we didn't sit at the bar. These new girls are great! They're attentive, extremely friendly and very cute which never hurts. Don't miss this place, it's nothing like the dive that used to be there. Food is always good, beer is cold, staff is fun and clientele is great.
4	This place is definitely a three and half to four star sports bar.  Plenty of high-def screens and friendly staff.  I had the prime rib special - I am not sure why.  The last time I ordered prime rib in a bar I swore I would never do it again.  But this was pretty good.  Not something that is going to put Ruth's Chris out of business, but for $15 the prime rib and veggies were good (and a good deal).  The chicken philly and sweet potato fries also looked good.  Only a few beers on Tap, but Guinness and Kilt Lifter should be enough for anyone.
3	Big Guy's is a cool little neighborhood sports bar.  A fun place to catch a game and have a drink with some friends.  The bar was slammed on a Saturday night, which it probably should be considering game 7 of the NBA Eastern Conference finals was on ESPN and Big Guy's hosts Saturday night trivia.  There really is a lot going for this bar, but some little things add up making it fall short of being a great place to go.For a sports bar, the beer selection is fairly limited.  There's an awesome selection of bottles, but only six beers on tap.  The beers that are on tap are pretty good (three are four peaks beers, bud light, sam adams, and guinness), but I would expect a sports bar to have a much bigger selection. The food is all decent, but still falls short.  My girlfriend and I tried the ultimate nachos with chicken.  The extra $1.75 for a small side of guacamole is a little ridiculous, but that's not my complaint.    What made this dish less than ultimate is the processed cheese that topped the plate.  Wow, that's just wrong.  I know that Velveeta melts better, but for what I paid for this, some real cheddar (or another another cheese) would've been much appreciated.  We also had the chicken sliders.  The pretzel bun, the chipotle mayo, and provolone were good.  The chicken wasn't bad, but could have used seasoning. The waitress was as nice as can be and handled a table of more than a dozen people quite well.  She told us that she wasn't allowed to split checks for a group our size (a really dumb policy if you ask me), but ended up doing it anyway.  I don't get why they wouldn't want to split the check.  If we were all one tab, the server would just have to split up 10 credit cards.  Doesn't make much sense.  The tip would probably also be less because we'd stick with the automatic gratuity.There are a ton of TV's lining the walls.   We were stuck in the back corner of the bar by the bathrooms, but it was not an uncomfortable spot.  They apparently take reservations, which seems odd for a sports bar, but I guess its nice for people to guarantee they can seat big groups when there's a big game going on.  The menu is pretty extensive for a sports bar, so if we return (which will probably happen soon since we won a $25 gift card playing trivia) maybe I'll find something to eat that I'll fully appreciate.
3	Went here yesterday to watch the US Open and NBA Finals. The TV set up is good, lots of large screens all over. Drink prices were fair (4.25 for a Kiltlifter and 5 bucks for a shot of Dewar's). Food was fair. 3 1/2 stars for the service and the video arrangement, 3 stars for the food/drink. There was a bit of a moldy aroma in the air, hopefully they get that straightened out by the next time I'm back. I'll check it out again for happy hour if I'm in the neighborhood.
4	My favorates are Green pork Chili, the burger and the Friday fish fry. I also recomend the vegies as a substitue to the standard side.
3	First let me say this is much closer to a 3.5 wish they had that as an option.The Pros:  Plenty of tv's for sports, the food was good, and overall staff was nice.Cons:  Seemed pricey in comparison to a couple other places in the vicinity.  Draft selection was limited, and there seemed to be a wet moldy smell to the bar.  It was clear things were clean just had this smell.I do look forward to going back and saw they even have poker some nights and would like to get in on that.
5	Nice local bar! 4 peaks hefe on draft! Friendly staff!
3	Came in on a slow Tuesday night with my girlfriend. It wasn't exactly close, but a guy who I went to high school with now plays an acoustic show there once a week and I wanted to see him. It was Ladies Night, so they had drink specials which my girlfriend took advantage of.For entrees, I ordered the club sandwich and she ordered the southwest chicken salad. When the food came out, my sandwich was all ready, but they also brought out what looked like a southwest chicken sandwich. The waitress realized the mistake and a few minutes later the salad and club sandwich both came out. My sandwich was really big and was above average for a club sandwich.  (I wanted the Italian Beef, but they were out) My girlfriend didn't like her salad very much though, but she isn't much a fan of lettuce, and they didn't have spinach so that's her own damn fault. (Just kidding)We watched Ryan (the singer/guitarist) play for about an hour and a half and he was great as always. Although, I think having him play on the patio instead of the front of the bar would be better.All and all everything was good, and the overall service was attentive, but nothing special. We'll probably be back again to see Ryan play sometime down the road, and it looks like it might be a fun place for football Sunday.3.5 stars.
5	Awesome breakfast with friends!
2	Every time I come here I'm reminded of a tailgate party.  Not the high-ends ones on the lawn at Cardinals stadium but the park your lawn chair in a parking lot at Sun Devil stadium.  People are friendly enough and it has a local atmosphere, but the beers and food are worse than a cooler and a hibachi.  On tap beers are your basic Bud combo and I swear my sliders were microwaved.   They were brats sliders tho.  What else would you have a tailgate party?
4	Great burgers and salads.  Both about $10 bucks, but the burger is 10 oz.  Try and find that anywhere.  Nice waitresses and I've heard the wings are good too.Overall, a good place to watch the game.  The bar seems to be filled with regulars.
5	Brought my lady to this place for a dinner date. Nothing extravagant but this place is new to me and the location I wasn't familiar with.  I researched this place on Yelp and saw all the great reviews it had. 4 stars and over 36 reviews. I knew I had to try something new and this seemed to be it. I came here on a Friday (Yesterday) late night around 9 pm and although not crazy busy, I came for the food and what the hype was based upon the reviews. I had a server named Miranda which was great! She was very polite came around enough but not too much to make it inconvenient. Why this place was absolutely phenomenal. 1. Excellent customer service2. AMAZING food. The chips are inexpensive and it is a large amount. Chips are one of the best chips I have had in a long time. 3. Great prices on the beers and liquor. I asked for a gummy bear and they made one of the best ones I have tasted in a while. Overall, this place is not close to me at all; however I raved to my friends about it and there was not one thing that I didn't love about it. I am definitely going to this sports bar again and soon. Big Guy's just became in my first visit alone one of my top 5 bars to go to for food and drinks. Oh and lastly, I'm sure this place gets packed for sports because they have an open floor plan and DOZENS of flat screen TV's. If it wasn't for Yelp and for the reviews this place received I would have never known about this awesome place!
1	The place smells! Will never go there again!
5	Great Saturday hang out to watch the game. Staff is very friendly and attentive; patrons are all nice people. Had the bbq pork today and it was amazing! Rich, spicy sauce and pulled pork that melted in my mouth. Pair with sweet potato fries and I'll be in a good comma soon.
5	A year later and this place has only gotten better. You can now sit anywhere and get great service, food is awesome, the bar is still the best place to sit. The wings here is awesome, but I have never had anything that wasn't great. Only complaint, wish they had one more tv at the end of the bar and all the smokers make the patio unusable, but that's a problem every bar has. At least they're not inside. Cindy and Dara are awesome and the clientele is ideal, not to many twenty something's looking to get hammered and no snooty Scottsdale types. I love this place. My wife loves the Bingo on Fridays and trivia thurs and sat is fun as well.
4	Mary and I have recently started frequenting Big Guys. It took a few times to get comfortable and get to know the bartenders. They are the best. Everyone of them makes you feel they are a happy to see you. There are many great servers in Phoenix,but this maybe the best team. They have a great Happy Hour and super wine deals which alot of places don't offer. This keeps my Mary happy and allows me to have my bud lights at a Sports Bar. You can't go wrong here and they will make you feel like family on your first or second visit.CHEERS
5	I come here every Thursday with my family for Team Trivia (they also have trivia on Saturday) and the staff makes us feel at home.  Our favorite server is Gina, she is very friendly and always accomadating.  Their menu is very impressive for a sports bar.  They have numeruous specialty burgers (which can be served on their fantastic pretzel bun!) as well as an extensive selection of sandwiches. My favorite burger is their pesto turkey burger, it has great flavor and the basil mayo is delicious! They also have several items not normally found in a sports bar like their grilled salmon dinner or fish and chips.  I've also had fajitas there when they were on special and they were quite tasty.The layout of the bar features a misted, fenced in patio with tables and hightops where you can smoke while enjoying your cocktails and food. Inside there is a host station to your left or you can just seat yourself at the bar or at one of the 12 or so hightops surronding it. To the left of the bar is the "restaurant" area if you will. It's seperated by a partition wall and two large screen tvs. There are about 10 tables in this section as well as a larger table tucked in the back that could comfortably hold 8 people. There are tvs galore in this  place. All of them high definition and large screen. There really isn't a bad seat in the house when it comes to watching a sporting event. One of my favorite things about this place is that they have a couch set up in back infront of two of their televisions, if you get here early enough during football season snag it! It's like sitting in your living room watching the games yet someone is serving you cold beers and delicious food. The only time you have to get up is too pee. Legit.I have never attended but I hear they have bingo nights as well as poker tournaments here. There are also dartboards as well as a golden tee machine. Free wifi as well, just ask your server for the password.
3	Went here last week for trivia while some coworkers were in town and it was the best time/location near our office. Inside is pretty dark, it took awhile for my eyes to adjust to the lack of bright lighting. We sat ourselves at a high top near the entrance and started with some drinks and apps. I indulged in mostly malibus and cokes that night. To start we shared an order of boneless wings and quesadilla, both of which I enjoyed. We hung out a little bit and waited for trivia to get going before we ordered dinner. I had the grilled turkey and swiss sandwich with fries which I thoroughly enjoyed, but I am also big into any combination of turkey and cranberry. Our server was SUPER nice and becoming of recommendations and whatnot. I asked if they had Dragonberry rum and when they didn't she got a sample of another type of rum and coke to see if I liked it. We had a good time, it's out of my 'hood but I do have a gift certificate so I'll be back in the near future.
4	We're new to the neighborhood, and this place is quickly becoming our weekend hangout.  Not a whole lot of bars around here to choose from, but this has been our favorite.  Nice big bar with lots of room and tv's.  Friendly service.  Food is actually pretty good.  Seems like there's always a different crowd in there - one night it's a crazy party with confetti and squirt guns full of liquor, the next night it's completely mellow with candles burning.  Never know what to expect, but that's sorta cool.  I'd give them a fifth star if they'd 1) expand their draft beer selection, and 2) clean up the filthy bathrooms.
4	Cheap drinks, lots of TV's, free breakfast on the weekends before noon, all you can eat friday fish fry's, and within stumbling distance of my house. How can I complain.
3	The food here is very good, but if you come here for lunch (especially with a larger party) plan on staying a while. I went with a work group of 15 last week and the kitchen was overwhelmed by our large party. The server was nice, but didn't keep up on refills despite there only bring a handful of other patrons in the place. Some members of the party waited over an hour for their food. Having said that, despite the backlog in the kitchen the cook certainly didn't skimp on quality. In summary, the food is better than average for a sports bar, but this isn't a place for a huge party at weekday lunch.
2	Me, my girlfriend and brother came here to check out their Trivia Night which we found online and figured it was close so why not. The trivia was fun, we had a great time and the place is honestly pretty cool. It has a cool, laid back kind of vibe, somewhere to go to hangout.I've read a bunch of other reviews here about how great their food is here, so we must have come on a bad night because we didn't get that. We ordered the chicken strips and mozzarella sticks, and both we over-cooked, almost burnt. Also, the beer selection was quite limited to pretty much standard American lagers with a few crafts thrown in. Although the trivia night was fun, I don't think the food was worth it.
1	No coors light on draft, no new castle in stock, and they don't take discover card. Thankfully the wings were good and the server was friendly. Still not a top recommendation.On the second trip, no surprises: still out of new castle and the wings were obviously frozen (small, spongy, and tasteless). Never going back to this place.
4	It's been a while and I had such a great time I had to update my review. Taco Tuesday everyone seems to have one but, Big Guys will fill you up on 2-3 of their TT specials. Not to mention the fresh veggies with a choice of GB or chicken. As always a good tap beer selection and a smoking patio.
1	Done, gone, repossessed!  How you have a semi-crowded to crowded bar yet cannot pay your bills I have to figure out.
4	Been there bunch of times, just figured I'd add my two cents, just eat there again last night food rocks at this place every time I come here great place watch games.. Beware Saturday night trivia guy is majorly loud, volume wise! But it's over all fun game just can't talk over his booming voice and loud music, I must be getting old!
