5	This place just opened up near the salon that I work at and let me tell you, it Is AMAZING. They have a delicious corn fake crusted French toast, I doused mine in syrup, so so good. They also make a great bacon cheeseburger, I mean, big bun, thick crisp bacon, yummy crispy fries, the whole nine yards. Their menu is also HUGE with a massive selection of a variety of pancakes, kind of like babystacks. Funfetti pancakes anyone?! I can't wait to go back!
5	Very nice place with a taste of island music playing in the background. Had the banana nut French toast with eggs and suasage which was very tasty. Our server was great and the food was brought in quickly. Very nice atmosphere and family friendly.
5	Tried this on a whim, and was not disappointed.  Had the Gatspy burger for lunch and it came out fresh and cooked to order. The staff was very personable and the prices are good too.
5	Tried Bite this morning with my wife. The staff was very friendly and attentive. Their menu offered a large variety of appealing choices- including vegetarian options- which made deciding what to order a little difficult.  I decided to order the Caramel Apple Waffles which came out quickly with lovely presentation and tasted like the delicious love child of a Belgium waffle and a churro. We will definitely be coming back and recommending Bite to our friends.
2	Ordered eggs Benedict.  No hollandaise was made so that eliminated that choice Ordered simple scrambled eggs with diced ham and was excited to see they offer hash browns. Order came gross!  Don't call these slimy potatoes hash browns. Ham was gristly  They have a five year old helping by buttering toast gross! And the banquette is not padded most uncomfortable.  Will never go back
4	Have been seeing their "coming soon" ads in the neighborhood paper for awhile.  So when a buddy of mine who lives near the strip happened to be in the area, I figured it was a good chance to try it out.Went there yesterday during lunchtime.  The place was fairly empty, maybe people still don't realize that they're open.They have a large menu, maybe too large, definitely something for everybody.  At first I was excited to see they offer a Monte Cristo sandwich (an increasingly difficult item to find), however I didn't order it when I found out that they do not use thinly sliced ham, instead it contains thick cut ham:(  My buddy ordered it, and he said it was good, but I couldn't pull the trigger.  I chose the classic Las Vegas breakfast combo: eggs, bacon, potatoes & toast. Everything was good, however my fave thing were the hash browns.  They're cut differently than any I've seen elsewhere, they're flat and wider than usual, almost like short pieces of fettucine.The service was excellent.  The owner greeted us when we walked in, our server was very attentive and knowledgeable, our drinks were refilled quickly when they got low.  Overall, the place is good, and a welcome addition to the line up of eateries in the Spring Valley area.  Good Luck.
5	We were lucky to find this place. The food portions are huge and it tastes great. I ordered lunch and my wife was able to get breakfast. The staff is very attentive and friendly. The drinks never went dry and the food was served hot and fast. If you are in the area I highly recommend stopping in for a bite. I wish there were more stars to give.
5	Place is very delicious portions are very reasonable, prices are reasonable also overall I fell in love staff was great!
5	What a great place !! The service was amazing and the food was the best !! . The all around experience was great . I'll definitely be back for more .
5	Tried this place for the first time and loved it. Great menu and better food. The service was also fantastic. A great new neighborhood spot for me.
5	My wife and I just had breakfast at "bite"... A new breakfast and lunch place on Grand Canyon (4165). There was a coupon in the R-J for a buy one get one free, and I usually use those to try new places or old favorites. We had not been to bite before so decided to try it. Absolutely awesome! Great selection, excellent food delivered to your table quickly, and really really great service. I recommend this restaurant to anyone!
5	The food is fresh and vibrant. The service is friendly and everything you want from a local breakfast/lunch spot.I had the ultimate club with fries. It was delicious. If you a haven't been you need to come by and try Bite.We will be back.
3	Four of us met for breakfast so we could try several items on their menu.  We ordered their beer cakes, funfetti pancakes, the Ultimate pancake, Monte Cristo French toast, chocolate mocha waffle, banana nut French toast, and one mint chocolate pancake to give the flavor a try.My favorite of the group was the chocolate mocha waffle.  Next I would put the Monte Cristo French toast and followed closely by the banana nut French toast.  I tasted some of the other cakes, too, except the beer cakes.  For the most part, they each had some sort of hook to make them different and appeal especially to the younger set.Service was not good.  Coffee was not refilled in a timely manner, the one stack of pancakes was not topped with the yogurt the menu promises, and we were brought a wrong pancakes instead of the French toast we ordered.My hiking group met for breakfast when they were in their old location and the difference between there and the new spot was enormous.  There are too many spots in the southwest/Summerlin areas from which to choose and while I grade it 3 stars, it was OK--just OK--not A-OK!
5	Finally found a great breakfast place close to home. Great service too! Real corn beef and hash and banana nut French toast....yummo.
4	Great breakfast food! Great service,  very friendly. Homemade corn beef hash is awesome!
4	Good breakfast spot, big menu. Food was good, fast service. Everyone was very nice. Only thing that was a let down was oj was out (guy said they were freshly squeezed) by 1030. Other than that def a good spot to go to.
5	Amazing! The beer pancakes are the bomb! Service is superior! Looking forward to trying the Hazelnut pancakes next time.
4	I came in for a late breakfast on New Years Eve.  My omelet was very good as where the red potatoes...probably my favorite part of breakfast.   My bf had the chicken fried steak, which was actually a real steak breaded and fried.  It was a bit rare for his liking, but he didnt send it back so he's not allowed to complain!  Service was friendly and prompt.   We will be back!
5	How has this place gone unnoticed? A Friend suggested I try it I went there today and had the biscuits and gravy and it was so good I haven't stopped craving them all day.  My friends had the pancakes and loved them.  This is by far my new favorite breakfast spot!  A must try! The staff was very friendly.
5	My wife and I decided to try a new place for breakfast and this place was very delicious.   My wife had the chicken chilaquiles and I made my own omelet.  We got an extra scrambled egg for the baby for only a 1.50.  Bianca was our server and she was pleasent, attentive and got our food out quick. We will definitely be coming here again. :)
