4	Went for a CAKE concert by myself.  Sat in section 102 row 17-great seats!  Great outdoor venue with good sound but getting a taxi cab home was difficult.  No organized cab stand.   Bud light tall boys were $10-ouch but not unexpected.
4	I remember when the NC Music Factory was first being built.  Creative Loafing moved their offices over there before much anything else was there.  There was one small bar/club space in there and to get to the complex you had to drive over some brutal railroad tracks.  Now Seaboard St allows for easy access to the venue without going over the tracks (which have since been blocked off).What is the NC Music Factory anyway?  It's basically a planned entertainment district just on the outskirts of uptown, and as the name suggests, the district focuses on musical entertainment.  Most of the buildings are old textile mills, much like most of the buildings in NoDa and some in South End.  There is the Fillmore, an indoor concert venue, the cheesily named Time Warner Cable Uptown Amphitheater which is an intimate outdoor venue, and the outdoor stage near the fountain at the factory.  The bars and restaurants now include Bask, the Saloon, Wet Willies, and VBGB beer garden.  I was happy to see Wet Willie's open since the ones in Charleston and Savannah were fun.  In case you don't know, it's a big daiquiri bar with drinks like "Call a Cab" made with 190 grain alcohol.  A Comedy Zone finally opened about 5 years after the one on 9th St closed, so that's also a nice addition.One thing that really hindered this district from taking off was the accessibility and parking.  We tried going one night last year just to go to Wet Willie's and the parking alone was $15 so we didn't go.  The district also is not served by light rail or bus, so that made things difficult too.  However, there are now several large free parking lots, and there's also a shuttle that runs from uptown on Thursday, Friday, and Saturday nights which helps so the parking issue seems to be resolved.The NC Music Factory is a great addition to Charlotte and the region and it seems to be bringing some much needed economical impact.  There weren't too many mid-size concert venues here until it opened, so it helps with booking acts that are too big for places like Amos but not big enough for an arena.  It's a cool place to hang out, get a drink and see a show.
5	My hubby and I decided to go to NC Music Factory for our Friday night date nights over the summer. We always had a blast! Music was great, and we always went over to the Saloon to eat afterward. They have really good food. Friday night quickly became my favorite night of the week!
3	Went there to see  a standup comedy. It took 20 minutes to find the damn place. No one's gps was worth a damn  There is a chill looking bar on the first floor and the comedy zone is on the bottom wich was nice and the drinks were a bit expensive and the waitresses were on top of things. Good overall experience though nothing wowed me.
5	The Uptown Ampitheatre is an awesome outdoor venue to see live music. Last year, I saw the Kansas/Foreigner/Styx concert here and on Wednesday I saw the Spank Rock/LMFAO/Ke$ha concert (my taste in music contrasts quite a bit, clearly). Both concerts were exactly what I wanted. Lawn tickets for the Styx concert were 30 bucks, the tickets for Ke$ha were 35 bucks and we were in row 23 for it. The view, regardless of where you are in here, appears to be really good. The sound is awesome, not to loud, but still really nice. The prices for concessions are obscene (water bottles are 5.00 each), but that's a given at a concert. The only challenge is getting to the place. Getting to the Ampitheatre from Plaza Midwood is a challenge that requires lots of loops and turns and roads that make no sense to go on to go in that direction. Drop-off is very easy though.
5	The Time Warner Uptown Amphitheater is Awesome We went to see My Morning Jacket on 8-21 The show was great!This is a very nice outdoor music venue. Not too big, and not too small. The amphitheater seats around 4000 people, so it provides an intimate feeling. I don't think there is a bad seat in the house, except for maybe way in the back of the lawn section- but those people are more interested in the grass anyway :) The sound in the amphitheater is very good! The only con to the place is the ten bucks one has to shell out for a 24oz Bud Light~ WOWThe NC music Factory complex is very nice. Four to five bars and restaurants, plenty of free paved parking, easy in and out. Very good experience!
4	After seeing Paul put his review up...I had to join in! This venue is almost perfect in design and the acoustics are amazing. I love outdoor concerts and yet the amphitheater gives you a club feel while being outside.That being said...like my review of the Fillmore...you will see that catching a buzz will require a credit card or a well hidden flask (leave your bongs at home). The whole Music Factory complex begs for a keg party straight out of high school to explode in the parking lot. Wait...what? Oh...that's right...we DO tailgate before shows. Ten dollars can get you a 12 pack of PBR and a sammy...or one 24 ounce beer inside...and that's without a tip. My tip? Lower your freakin drink prices!Like others have said though...this place is great and they're attracting better and more obscure acts all the time. I'm just happy to have some reputable venues around.
3	I LOVE the concept of the NC Music Factory!An outdoor music venue, an indoor one, a diner, bars & dance clubs all packed together on one "campus".  My favorite place there is The Fillmore.The one problem I do have is the parking situation.  Too many venues / bars & parking is out of control. Yes, it's free, but wow...if something is happening @ Fillmore & the Amphitheater, then throw in people going to the bars & clubs = disaster.
4	Like a slow but steady choo choo train...NC Music Factory is definitely picking up steam! If you're looking for a varied fun night out, it's certainly worth a visit. Looking for a cocktail? The Saloon, Small Bar, VBGB and Wet Willie's have you covered. How about dinner? Mattie's Diner and Bask will pimp your palette. And for entertainment value, you've also got Butter, Comedy Zone, Halo and plenty of music venues like the amphitheater and The Fillmore. Parking is plentiful, especially behind Mattie's Diner...if you don't mind walkin' a bit! There's also  (supposedly) a free 18-passenger shuttle (Uptown-NC Music Factory) that runs every Thursday, Friday, and Saturday from 6:30 p.m. to 2:30 a.m.
4	There is one thing the Music Factory often is not, and that is a factory for music.  I have probably been half a dozen times, and out of those times, only once has there been music (one other time did have shows, but little was "music").  To be fair, there was a lot of music that one time, all across the place, but the others?  Not so much.You can find somewhat upscale dining (Bask).  There is also dining on the lower end (as in casual, not necessarily quality) at Mattie's, which also hosts gatherings of all sorts on their parking lot.  You have the obligatory collegiate hangout in Wet Willie's, which is odd, since Charlotte is not much of a college town.  There is the place that cannot decide what they want to be in the Saloon, which could be a bar, restaurant or even perhaps a music club.If that is not enough, you have the small bar, which is something like a take-out window you would find on Bourbon Street (only you do not have to take out your drinks) and even the VBGB Beer Garden, perhaps the gem of the whole place.  And I am probably missing something.Yes, there is the Fillmore and the Ampitheatre, but they do not run all the time, only when there are shows - which is happening more than they did, but like a sports venue, they cannot be filled constantly.Ultimately, is it good?  Totally depends on which location you hit.  And what else is happening.  As Angie said, the concept is great.  The location sorta blows, but to get this kind of development, they needed a lot of space, so there were not too many options.  If there were an easier way to get there, it would be great.  There is a ton of parking over by Mattie's, it is just too bad that they are so far away from everything.  If you could walk there from Uptown, it would be great.
5	I love coming here!  So close to Uptown and so much to choose from!  Whatever you feel like - fancy clubs, comedy club, fantastic restaurants it is all right here.  There is valet parking and there is free parking nearby.  There are fun events here all year long, many moving from Uptown.      FYI - It is not a great neighborhood so don't drive around on the streets nearby, just get straight back to Graham and be sure to lock your doors!!
4	The NC Music Factory packs an entertainment punch for Third Ward goers. A surplus of choices and none will disappoint. Small Bar and the saloon are great places to grab a quick beer or enjoy live music. Comedy Zone tends to have a varied lineup throughout the week and always has great improv nights. Check their schedule online as it varies. VBGB or Mattie's Diner are great places to grab a quick bite to eat. Post or pre-beer friendly food and all are available latenight. Parking can be a bit of a bear but is plentiful in the lot. Can cost $$ on occasion so be prepared with a little bit of cash. Lots of street parking near the saloon and Bask, but can sometimes be blocked off for big event weekends. VBGB has its own lot but can fill up fast. Catch a bite to eat, a show, a round of beers or enjoy the nightlife/people watching!
4	Friday night Live concerts are a great excuse to go uptown to the NC Music factory.  You can rent a table at Osso or just take your chances hanging out in front of the stage.  It is nice to have so many options for dining & drinks.  We always stop by VBGB after the concert, and if it is a long night, drop into Mattie's for a late night bite to eat.
4	The NC Music Factory is a great venue.  From the time you exit the highway...and see the inviting light sculptures along Seaboard, you get the impression you are headed to something good.  You pass the great restaurants and clubs...and can park within 1/2 block or less from the entrance.   The atmoshere for jazz concerts has been great.  You have choice of lawn seating, VIP and non VIP.  The sound quality from any location of the venue is great.  So my preference is defined by my "5-Row" rule.  If I can be within 5 rows of the stage...I am good.  I enjoy attending this venue!
4	I love having an assigned seat at the NC Music Factory.  The acoustics are great and frankly, you can see the stage from anywhere.  However, I like knowing where I am going to sit, vs. sitting in the lawn area.  Parking is plentiful but timely to get into.  It really pays to arrive early when you can.  You can enjoy dinner at a restaurant like Bask, or the diner.  The show was fabulous and this year, they allow you to bring in a bottle of water and snacks that fit into a ziplock bag.  This was useful because I really don't like eating foods that are cooked in a hurry with little care.  We were able to enjoy the show, enjoy our own snacks, and not spend any extra money on something that we don't really want.  In addition, the jazz show (both nights) was spectacular!
5	I've only been to this venue once but it was so overwhelmingly awesome. There was a huge outdoor stage and plenty of room to dance to the music. There were lots of different bars and clubs attached to the venue within the "complex" where you can access all kinds of different entertainment (like the Comedy Club or the Fillmore) and all kinds of drinks, for example, one place has alcoholic "slushies". They are SO good and such a good idea for concerts outdoors in the heat. Beware, their prices are average/above average. Then again, this is a music venue and I shouldn't expect any different. The parking is the biggest stress ever, because the place gets crowded so fast and the nearest parking lot is several blocks down, but I consider it the best music venue in Charlotte so the walk to/from the parking lot is definitely worth it.
4	Checked out the NC Music Factory last night. What huge place! Multiple bars and clubs in a big complex. Overall it was a quiet night, but the live music was awesome and there was a good mix of people. Lots of beers on draft.  Definitely will go back!
2	I had to write a review after my dining experience there last night. Took awhile to get our drinks, I ordered a non-sweet ice tea and did not receive sugar, sweetener nor was I asked. Finally, had to walk up to the bar. Not a good start.    At first, the waitress seemed too occupied flirting and lingering with the extremely loud four guys sitting behind us instead of waiting on us. As soon as another table was seated next to us she never seemed to look in our direction much.  Also, the young girl with red hair seemed to come to the table and directly address my blond 22 yr old daughter unless I specifically spoke up. I am 50 years old, it was my idea to go there, and OH..surprise, I was picking up the check. The first couple of times did not bother me, every time it was very obvious that she had a problem either speaking with customers that did not need to be carded or reminded her of her mother - or maybe she just likes to socialize. I could not figure out what else it was actually. I have never had that type of experience and if I go back (which I went there early before going to the Comedy Zone in the back to see comedian) I will definitely avoid the young waitress with the red hair. What a mess that was.
3	"A" for effort, but "C " for execution.  The music factory has a whole bunch of cool stuff going on throughout the year and has become a new nightlife destination for Charlotteans.  The only problem is that even though I could basically see it out of my window over on N. Church St., it is basically cloistered on all sides by freeways, railroad tracks, a cemetery, and dark wooded shady (not referring to the lighting) areas.  Most, if not all people, will arrive here by car - even if you live in Uptown - because it would be unsafe to arrive by any other means.  It's a shame because you don't have an Uptown urbane feeling, which would be cool since the place is a cool collection of old factory buildings and etc.  Also, the options are not as varied as you might hope, most places (as is the case too often in Charlotte) are epicenter-esque fancy-ish higher priced spots.  Give it another decade and maybe there will be some more authentic local spots.If 9th street still connected through from uptown proper to the music factory it might make a big difference (right now you'd have to illegally cross ~4 sets of heavily used RR tracks).
5	A fine group of places to see shows and a welcome addition to Charlotte.  I don't really go to places like these to plan on eating/drinking but to listen to music and be entertained and I always have been when attending shows at any of the venues.  Just reviewed TWC Amphitheatre after attending the Smashing Pumpkins show this week and it's just one more piece of a well constructed puzzle.
5	The top place for music in Charlotte! Great sound. Good parking. Good location. Great people working there
4	The Fillmore is a great music venue. Arrived right at 8 for an 8:00 show. Intro band on at 8:40 and the main act by 9:30. I was afraid we'd be too late for a good view, but we stood right at the barricade on the bar side of the stage. Awesome view and didn't even have to wait forever to get it. The chandeliers are beautiful and make for an interesting venue. Note that (for us at least) it was standing room only. The drinks were ridiculously small for a large price ($9 I think for a 3" tall cup) but that is to be expected at a concert. Parking was no problem and right across the street from the Fillmore.
5	I wish NoVa had a venue like this! There was a $10 cover to see Fuel, but was well worth it! We enjoyed sitting on the patio of the saloon and watching them play! Awesome place!
5	This is specifically about Fountain plaza.  I have attended Fri Night Live events here several times. It is such a great place for such events. The stage on the back of Butter is perfect for a concert. It's large and high enough up that they don't need security in front to it.There is enough space to fit a large crowd, numerous beer and other drink vendors, plus radio stations, Mini displays and other vendors.Wet Willies and The Saloon's patios are great places to be able to sit and watch the music. Parking is free and there is always plenty of space even with other events going on. Overall the Fri Night Live series is one of the best summer events in Charlotte.
1	Parked my car with valet, while wet willies was fine. My car was gone through by one of the valets and things were stolen AMERIPARK will do nothing about this because I did not search my car before I left. If you want to go here I suggest you expect one of there valets to dig through the stuff in your car and take what they like AMERIPARK will do nothing they clearly support the drug addict thieves they have working for them. I will not go back.
4	I really like the concept behind the Music Factory! Basically it's Drinks + Music = Good TimesThere's a little bit of everything so if you like live music, bands, comedy and clubs for dancing...this is your spot! Also, parking is free...there's a huge lot in back..but ladies beware the rocks and gravel are not friends with your cute heels! But still it's a very welcome attraction for visitors and locals so if you get a chance I would definitely recommend a visit.
3	Music factory is a nice place to check out, wet willies has awesome frozen drinks.
3	My experience with the uptown amphitheater was pretty good. Arrived at 6 to start moving people in 6:30. The lawn section is within about 50 yards of the stage but boy do they need to mow their grass the day of a concert. Basically forces you to rent out the lawn chairs they have.
1	Great
4	It's a destination-type place. But do you know what separates it from most venues like that: it has free parking. Tons of it.Rundown of the spots here:The Fillmore: incredible place for shows. They bring in some solid acts. Like any concert venue... drinks can be pricey. Don't worry, there are some great places around to pre-game before/after shows. One of those spots is....Small Bar! Great little dive. I love this place.VBGB: sand court for volleyball and what not, tons of beers, oversized games outside, TVs, food... go get yourself a pretzel with the homemade beer cheese! Comedy Zone: I love going here. Great option for a date or night out with friends. They bring in a good variety of comics. Check the calendar to see who's there each week.Matties: tremendous little diner across the street. The people here are so friendly. Breakfast, fries covered in gravy, a laundry list of milkshakes... what's not to love here.Label: it's one of the prettiest clubs (interior/decor wise). Label does a good job of bringing in some big name djs. Texi-cali: Tex mex... nothing fancy. On Tuesdays, they have $2 tacos. Check their Facebook page for events. This place gets rocking when they do salsa dancing. This spot has been a revolving door of restaurants. I hope Texi-cali breaks that cycle.Eight: the new kid on the block. I love that there is now a sushi option here at the Factory. They have boozy bubble teas, too.Osso: I have never sat down inside here for a meal. The only thing I've had from here was a meatball pizza and it was pretty yummy. Fountain Plaza: they do some cool events out here throughout the year. During the Summer months, they'll do free concerts on Fridays.Amphitheatre: this venue is much smaller than PNC. This location is more convenient and easier to get out of after shows IMO.Automatic Slims: this is another one of those spots that can't seem to keep a tenant. This seems like a good concept to be next to The Fillmore. They have pool tables. Very rock n roll type feel.
3	Visited here tonight with a large group. The drinks were ok. The food is a TeX Mex...if u like this kind of food...u may enjoy it. It wasn't bad...it just wasn't great either.
