2	Sadly. I've tried so many times to find decent fabrics here but they are all just awful! Everything just looks really dated unless you're trying to find some upholstery then you might have luck. I will say that for the basics, it'll do just fine.Also, the service is always lacked. Like Rachel said, I feel like everyone there is working hard but the line gets pretty lengthy and the store doesn't even that busy. It's strange.
4	I love this store,this was my first time there on a Sunday.Happy that they are open on a Sunday.I like to knit so I got me some yarn and knitting needles for some really good price.They got a big variety on yarn and Fabric and everything you need for it.The service was very friendly and quick and so was the check out .Also bought some fabric for a  very good price.I know I will visit more often.
3	It depends who is working if you get a person who is nice. They are rude on the phone and sometimes rude in the store.. I hate going to this store.
1	Of all of the hobby/craft stores you can go to in the Champaign area, I am not a fan of Jo-Ann Fabrics & Crafts. The store is too small: their cross-stitch/needle-point section is especially lacking in comparison to their general selection that is also lacking.I guess it's hard to compete given the nearby Hobby Lobby (that has quilting fabric), Michael's (great crafts in general, especially if you're into jewelry), and WalMart's small selection of fabrics, knitting supplies and crafts.At least Jo-Ann's matches competitor coupons.
3	I have only been here a couple of times.  My last visit was for some material for a table cloth.  I don't know my way around a fabric store and the staff here were very helpful.  I knew what I wanted when I went in and they pointed me in the right direction.  The person cutting the fabric was very nice and the check out was fast.  I was in and out in less than 10 minutes.
4	Great store for arts and crafts supplies, very helpful staff. While looking for things around the store, the staff helped me find exactly where to go. I was purchasing some arts & crafts materials and the friendly staff helped me scan a bunch of coupons for my purchase I did not know existed! Saved me a bunch of money!
3	Store is not at address on Neil street. It is near hhgregg on prospect. Someone should update the address/location.
