1	MESA,  AZ  PHOTO  RADAR  TICKETS  EXPOSED  AS  FRAUDIllegal police 'speed traps' are nothing new, but the increasingly low levels to which governments will stoop, to trick their constituents into believing speed traps are foolproof, know no limits - at least in gun-slinging, trigger-happy Arizona. The Mesa Police Department has installed several photo enforcement cameras in anonymous locations, often near school zones.One trap, at Skyline High School on Crismon Street between Southern and Broadway, consists of a pole with two signs mounted vertically: "SPEED LIMIT 35 WHEN LIGHTS ARE FLASHING" and "SPEED LIMIT 45 OTHER TIMES".   The problem is the lights don't flash, ever - making the posted speed limit 45 on this otherwise 7-lane, high-speed highway that runs, unfenced, within feet of the school campus.  One citation sent to a local resident driving a Chevrolet Suburban in February indicated her speed was "approximately 46 mph".   She was charged with "speed not reasonable and prudent".   The "ticket" was allegedly "signed" by someone named "Joseph Bonacci", whose badge ID #, coincidentally, end with "911", under the guise of "reasonable grounds to believe" a violation had been committed.For those who can't see it, "photo radar" is a ticking time bomb left in the terminal at the Airport of Due Process. First, "approximately 46 mph" is not a legal standard of measure and, therefore, not evidence.  The operative word here - "approximately" - is vague and ambiguous.   "Approximately 46 mph" could be 47 mph or 45 mph or any other speed close to 46 mph which - absent the flashing lights - can not amount to conclusive proof of a violation of the de facto 45 mph limit.Second, "speed not reasonable and prudent" is an opinion open to broad interpretation, and not an exact measure: what is reasonable and prudent under one set of conditions may not be reasonable and prudent under another. Third, the statement, "reasonable grounds to believe" clearly evades the mandatory language, "violation committed in my presence", the required wording under which all law enforcement personnel issue traffic citations.   If it didn't happen in an officer's presence it's hearsay, which is inadmissible.Another complaint last December charged a retired doctor driving a light-colored Nissan with the same "speed not reasonable and prudent".   The same fake witnessing officer alleged the crime took place "on Southern between Franklin and Brimhall" in the city of Mesa.In researching this story we went in search of these locations to verify, photograph and document them.  In the instance by Skyline High School, we maintained a day-long vigil on a typical Tuesday, with classes in session, monitoring the lights from 7 AM to 4 PM and found none flashing.   A random check of neighbors, whose homes are within the proximity of the light poles, produced no one who ever recalls seeing the lights flash.In the second instance, we drove the length of Southern Avenue in the city of Mesa, eastbound and westbound, and found no streets named Franklin or Brimhall.  We interviewed a local Code Enforcement officer familiar with the area, but she never heard of any streets named Franklin or Brimhall intersecting Southern Avenue.   Finally, in desperation, we even went to the Mesa Post Office and - SURPRISE! - they had no record of any such streets intersecting with Southern Avenue, either.All speed control enforcement equipment is mandated by law to be regularly re-calibrated to ensure it is operating accurately.   In most instances this must be done after EACH use.   Because of the cost, few law enforcement agencies bother.   Any member of the public has the right to see the latest re-calibration documents for any given speed control enforcement device.   If the device has not been re-calibrated, its accuracy cannot be relied upon, and any violation must be dismissed for lack of evidence. EPILOG:An increasingly corrupt government - from local politicians to coin-operated Congress and the military - is becoming America's most vocal complaint about over-reaching government abuse of citizens' constitutional rights.Meanwhile, the credibility of Mesa's police department and city officials continues its southbound flush down the toilet of no return: their website claims to provide helpful links indicating red-light and speed enforcement locations and schedule.   However, these links have been disabled and no information is provided - amounting to one more false promise. If you should receive a camera-generated traffic ticket, always assert your 6th Amendment Constitutional rights.   And if you think you'll just plead guilty, pay the fine and everyone will go home happy, think again: you'll have a chargeable traffic conviction on your record and your insurance premiums will quickly head north with all due dispatch.  And for fines ranging from $250 to $500 for each alleged offense, it is NOT worth it.
5	There are very nice men and women working there. Unlike those who complain about the cops until they need one, I really appreciate the job they do. I feel safer because of the Mesa Cops.
5	I felt I needed to post. I know that a large majority of officers have integrity but it seems that the police departments in Arizona don't have any true oversight. I watch these officers everyday speeding to the next destination. That very officer that will be speeding down the road to lunch would be the same officer that will write you a ticket not a minute later. The bad apples within the police department unfortunately ruin it for the other 90% that have integrity and try to do their best to truly serve and protect. I experienced one of those bad apples in court one day when the officer couldn't recall anything of a particular incident but because they wrote the ticket it must have been true and because of that I was guilty before I even walked in the courtroom. Now I'm not writing this review because of that court date as it was almost a year ago but it still bothers me today because I had to sit in that courtroom with all the evidence that I had because I had written everything down right after the incident as any good officer is trained to do in the Academy. Unfortunately the officer had not written anything down and could not recall any part of the incident in any fashion. A matter of fact the officer couldn't even remember in what direction they were driving or if they were parked or moving. But the judges words were, the officer wrote the ticket and that's good enough for me. Now I gotta pay a higher insurance premium because of this officer who lied to protect there screw up instead of just coming out and saying that they were wrong. Like most reviews I'm sure this will just be disregarded but to the officers with integrity, you guys need to stand up and push the bad apples out. They are destroying what it means to be a police officer. Eventually the people will only see the bad apples and every officer will end up suffering because of just those several bad apples. I gave a good review because I'm not going to punish the department because of several bad apples and in hopes hopefully this review will be taken seriously before the people start taking matters into their own hands.
