5	This place is very cute. We stopped into buy a drink while out and about and the girl at the register was having a tuff time taking a phone order. While waiting to pay for our cups the owner chatted with us and eventually she gave us our drinks for free. Such a cool spot with awesome decor and a fabulous owner; can't wait to go back.
5	Quick and casual. We ordered a couple of sandwiches and sat upstairs in the little nook over looking the entrance. Young and friendly staff. We'll be back to try the cupcakes.
5	Cute and trendy "spot" with some seriously good food. I live literally right around the corner and have been waiting for this place to open! I ordered delivery for my husband and I for lunch today. We ordered The "Original" Spot, the Steak sandwich and Texas Lone Star Fries. Delivery came in 1/2 the time, the food was hot and fresh and the delivery person was professional and fun. I am sure that we will become regulars here!!! Watch out Joe's Farm Grill.....there's some new competition in town!
4	My husband, daughter and I ate lunch at "The Spot" and loved it! We are huge advocates of small businesses (because we own a small biz) so we always try the new locally owned places. This one is great!  The staff was friendly and the service was excellent. It is such a cute little "spot". We will definitely be back.
4	The Spot is a good place for a lunch date or a quick bite to eat. If you are lucky enough to live close by (within a mile radius), they can deliver food to your house on their old school cruiser bikes...so eco-friendly. I tried their BLT "Hit the Spot" Salad, served in a deep square bowl,  and it was good. My wife tried the Classic Style Spot Sliders and it filled her up. Great job!!!
5	Absolutely friendly place to visit! Chipotle chicken sandwich and the turkey club were terrific. Big portions for a great price. Definitely recommend the various desserts. (you can't miss with any of them)
4	We live about a half mile from this place, and I've been waiting for it to open! My husband, 5 year old daughter, and I stopped in on their opening weekend, and man was it crowded, which was great news. Clearly, lots of others were waiting for it to open too! Even though the line was long and it was loud in there, the cashier and the owner were all calm, cool, and friendly--very warm, in fact. Didn't get flustered. What kind of stinks, though, is that the restaurant is so narrow, those in line are breathing down the necks of the diners to their left. Plus, the servers can't get out to deliver the food to those waiting. Not sure how they could re-do that, but it's worth considering.We ordered ours to go, and I was disappointed when I got home to find that my veggie sandwich was merely mushrooms, spinach, and onions, thrown on dry bread. Nothing like the description, which included goat cheese, avocado, and toasted bread with some sort of aioli or dressing. It wasn't very good at all. My husband and daughter both enjoyed theirs, though, so I decided to go back and give them the constructive criticism. Not to be a pain, but to honestly let them know what I thought so they could improve. I get it--they're crowded, it's opening weekend, etc., but how will they know if we don't fill them in? And I want local businesses like this to succeed! I expected nothing--it was just a friendly bit info, but the owner insisted they make me another one. That was very sweet of her, and I was very appreciative. Even with all the trimmings, I wasn't a huge fan of the sandwich, but there wasn't anything wrong with it at all, it was just personal preference. I'm glad I tried it!Side note: I don't know if they bake their own desserts or if they get them from somewhere else, but they are amazing. My daughter had the cherry Dr. Pepper cupcake and it was delicious. I'm anxious to try this place again...and have them deliver! Good luck to you, The Spot! We're rooting for you! (and thank you for giving Joe's some competition in the area--they need it. But you didn't hear it from me!)
3	Maybe 3 stars is a little tough but I guess I would have given it a 3.5 if that was an option. I live close by so I decided to check them out and see what they had to offer. I ordered a BLT sandwich and the steak fries. I also got a cupcake. I wanted a coffee to go with my cupcake but they don't serve coffee. Uhhhhhhhh Really? How do you have a selection of deserts but no coffee? I was told that they "used to have it but no one wanted it so they got rid of it". And here I was thinking that they just opened last week. Seems like it would take more than a week of being open to determine that your customers really don't want coffee with their desert. The sandwich and the fries were good. Not to die for but good for lunch. The cupcake was a whole other issue. It was very very dry. I don't know how long it had been sitting in the case but it was so dry it crumbled everywhere as I took off the wrapper. This is the tough part- there is a place around the corner that is famous for their cupcakes. To compete with that your cupcakes just can't be dry.The service was good but a little much. I was just trying to eat and read my book. I appreciate that they kept asking me every 5 minutes if everything was ok but it was a tad overboard. There is a thing as too much!! Lastly, I think the people behind the counter need to be trained. I realize they just opened and its a bunch of teenager working but when you have ONE kind of cupcake in the case and you are asked what kind it is- the person should know. Then when they find out what kind it is- it should not be followed up with "oh I don't even know what that ingredient is". My positives: The atmosphere is nice. I will say if you don't like sitting close to other people you don't know, then sit outside. Inside is just one big long table.  The frosting on the cupcake was really good. It really is too bad the cake wasn't so great but the frosting was right on.I have high hopes for this place as it is really close to my house and I will try it again. I don't want to base my opinions on just one experience so I will give it another shot!
5	Great food, service, and atmosphere in Gilbert! Shared a wonderful steak sandwich on the patio. They even offer local bike food delivery.
3	First impression was great... been slipping a little since. Let me explain...I had waited a while for this to open as I heard about it through a friend who was involved in their marketing stuff. When it did open and I ordered food from there within I think the first week of them opening.. the food was stellar. The bacon was excellent and piled very high on the chicken sandwich, the chicken breast could have been a little bigger imo but it didn't end up being an issue because of the amount of bacon. The chicken sandwich was great... better than the farm grill as it had more to it than just a chicken breast slapped on bread. The applewood bacon was plentiful as I had mentioned and it was delish.. made the sandwich. I've had the sliders too and those seem pretty good, I'll get those again soon.The shoestring fries are really good too.The chicken salad is really good... not a huge fan of walnuts in it... but it's not bad and compliments the rest of it well. Decor makes it a nice little place inside. Modern deco and a small upstairs loft to eat in that's pretty cool. It is however too small and congested for any type of business lunch.. had some friends not eat there for a company lunch as the 8 of them just couldn't fit and talk about work. If you live hyper local they do delivery on bicycles... I'm just out of range but that's cool.======// The issues....First and foremost is the lack of consistency. When they first opened, bacon was piled high (as described on the menu) and subsequent orders have lacked said 'piled high'... to the point where the wife doesn't want to eat there anymore because she's felt jipped twice now on BLT's w/ only a couple strips per side of bacon... which... when the whole sandwich is about bacon... kinda sucks. And if she doesn't want to eat there then that drastically limits my ability to do so as well.Ordering on the phone.... sometimes they want a CC number, and sometimes they don't ask. Once the number was given over the phone and then they wanted it on pick up as they hadn't billed it and they lost the number... um... why aren't they running it when I give it to them?? I'd rather not have my info written down and 'lost'... so I've been saying I'll pay when I get there since but... that's concerning. The only food thing I've had there I didn't like so far is the mac-n-cheese. It was not very cheesy and more like noodles with some crumbly stuff and a little tiny itsy bit of melted cheese in it... not creamy... just dry.. didn't even eat much more than a couple spoonfuls.======// Overview...I'll go back but not as easily as before... the wife doesn't want to but I'll probably order from time to time on my own.
2	The place is small, very small, and when I went with my 2 kiddos and hubby it was busy. We wanted to look at the menu before we ordered, but we kept getting moved around because the soda machine needed to be adjusted and then people were trying to get to the restroom, and others were trying to find a place to sit, and finally another group came in and wanted to look at the menu as well. It was a little hectic just getting ready to order. Once we ordered, we went upstairs to eat, because my daughter thought it was totally cool. Well, it was cool. In fact, when the air came on, it was FREEZING! The door was open and it was February, so I don't know why the air came on at all.Our napkins and anything not nailed down ended up flying every where. The poor people under us got a napkin shower. The upstairs is cute, but not friendly for eating. The tables are tiny and couches are comfortable but hard to eat flatbreads or salads at. As you go upstairs they have a chalkboard sign saying that you can rent the upstairs out for company meetings and mom's groups. It is not that big. The food was pretty good. I got the turkey sandwich which was yummy. My daughter got a grilled cheese, and the cheese wasn't even melted, and her fried were cold before they were exposed to the arctic blast. My husband got a the bbq chicken flatbread, and it was pretty good as well. I am not dying to go back, and I don't think I really will.
1	I was so excited to see another non-chain eatery open in our neighborhood. My first visit was great and each time thereafter has gotten a bit worse. Visit #1 - I ordered a BLT - it was great - piled high with bacon and the fries were steak-cut and cooked perfectly. Visit #2 - I ordered a 4 cheese flat-bread over the phone. She insisted that she needed my credit card number for phone orders (which I don't like doing over the phone for security purposes). Upon picking up my order, I had to wait 15 minutes to get to the counter to pick up my food because of the line. By the time I got home (I live 1.3 miles away), my food was cold. On top of the coldness, the flat-bread was not covered with cheeses (the outer inch and a half had no cheese on it and was hard as a rock). A $5 grab and go pizza from Little Caesars (which I dont like) would have been betterVisit #3- ordered the BLT again because I wanted to eat something I knew I liked. This time, they only had 2 pieces of bacon on each half of the sandwich. The bread to bacon ratio was far to low... disappointing. On top of that, the fries were undercooked and soggy. Doubly disappointing. Visit #4- I ordered the sliders. However, after tasting my husband's Mac n Cheese during our last visit, I asked for the fries instead of the mac n cheese (the mac is dry, clumped together, and bland). And, of course they messed it up. They substituted the onion straws for the fries instead of the mac, so I got the fries and the mac. The mac was gross, just as it was the last visit and the fries were undercooked and soggy... also like the last visit. Three strikes and you're out, The Spot. I shall not be returning.
2	I finally tried The Spot this afternoon when I had some time to kill before work. It's just across the street from me, and I've been wanting to try it since it opened up last month.As other reviewers have said, the place is very small and awkwardly arranged. There was only two other people in line while I was there, but I still had to manuever around them to get water from the soda fountain. The two tables downstairs were already occupied by a dad and son in one and an employee in another. Why is an employee taking a table away from a customer? Shouldn't they be provided a break room or at least eat outside?I got the veggie sandwich, and it was sorta good, sorta bad. The bad part was the soggy hoagie roll that it was served on. It couldn't stand up to the filling, and after a few bites, I had to eat it with a fork. I loved how generous they were with the avocado. That's a big plus for me. The baby portobellos were cooked perfectly, not slimy or underdone, but they could have used more seasoning. The side salad included with the sandwich was bad. It was iceburg lettuce (ew, ew, ew), tomato and cucumber dressed with some sickly sweet vinaigrette.  I'm not sure why customers aren't given the choice of sides (fries or salad), instead it's determined by the sandwich you order.I was hoping to fit The Spot into my rotation of neighborhood restaurants since it's within walking distance, but it's not good enough to sway me away from The Coffee Shop or Joe's Farm Grill. Not even close.
5	What a cool atmosphere, the owners were awesome and the food was just as good...could'nt ask for more personal service, the big chains could learn from these folks...Thank you guy's for the great experience!!!
5	I could eat here everyday!!!!  Small but quaint & friendly staff:) gr8 variety &the food is very well prepared. Now, I even hear they serve beer/ wine - wish they could deliver that on their beach cruisers!?!?!?!  Check them out - great food & desserts are even better!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	The first time we had dinner at The Spot was on Valentine's Day and truth be told it was terrible. Our Salad looked like bad left overs and didn't taste much better. The chicken sandwich and fries were greasy soggy and heavy tasting. I was so disappointed. HOWEVER 2 nights ago we decided to give it another go. I'm a big fan of local resturants plus I get that all new businesses take a minute to work out the kinks. Anyways our meals was FANTASTIC! Chicken sandwich was so yummy and the fries were crispy perfect. The Aegean flat bread is to die for it was so good! Also the staff is kind, polite, helpful and everything was super clean. Kudos to the owners on a well trained staff. There customer service was flawless!
3	I really, really wanted to like this place more, but it fell pretty flat for me.  I got the steak salad and it was so boring I could cry.  Large pieces of thin steak (that should have been chopped down for a salad), iceberg lettuce, mandarin oranges, slivered almonds and a bland vinaigrette.  There was a serious lack of flavor and I was super disappointed.  My husband had the steak sandwich and that was a little better, but it could have used a little bit more oomph.  More gorgonzola or seasoning or something...  His fries were good though; steak fries with just the right amount of crispiness.  This place is super small and the vibe is really fun with a trendy and fun decor.  I will give them another shot and I'm hoping to to be pleasantly surprised the next time.  It would be a shame for a place with such a great local concept to fall short...
4	Flatbreads were great. Wife got 4 cheese and loved it. I had the steak and mushroom which was amazing. Service was wonderful. Steak Fries could have been cooked a little longer. Not a lot of seating. Curious to see what will happen in the summer since they rely on outdoor seating a lot.
1	Is there such a thing as 0 stars??? I love supporting local businesses- but this place is just not a place I will spend my $ again! Went there around 12:15pm there were just a few people there- no lines.  I ordered  to go - a simple chicken salad sandwich.... I waited and waited- it started getting busy 15 min after i ordered... which i should have been put of there by then- cold  sandwich with made chicken salad- not hard to make- right?  Waited and watched orders pile up in the little "order up" shelf... No one there to give people there order but the girl at the counter kept taking orders... So finally at 12:40 i asked about my order and the owner... No owner around-- seriously? A small place like this and no owner around- but they could take my number and he could call me.... Finally at 12:50 i get my food and an apology and the owner will call me... Sandwich was not good- bread soft like wonderbread- just bleh all around.   Sorry Spot but you are not my favorite spot:(.
5	i stopped by today for a late lunch. I chose the summer salad & was really impressed..The glass bowl was a nice touch. The shredded chicken was plentiful, strawberries were fresh & the dressing was yummy. The candied walnuts were also really good.It came with a slice of sweet bread that I assumed was raisen bread.It was good but because this salad is a bit sweet I would have traded it for croutons.I loved this salad & will be back & will order it again.Btw, I appreciate that their clean bathroom had a dresser for me to sit my purse on. So many restaurants have us sit our purses on the floor or sink & then we come back to the clean table & sit it on top. Not good. Nice job Spot.
4	I went to The Spot about a month ago.  I am due for another visit back.  I had the sliders (one of each kind) and my wife had a chicken sandwich.  We both agreed that the food was good.  The atmosphere is very cool inside, but I wish it was a larger restaurant!  I love that they offer happy hour.  I had beer from a local brewery and my wife had a glass of wine with our meals.  This is a great place to have a nice casual meal, especially when the weather is nice so you can enjoy the patio seating.  I wouldn't expect to be in and out of this restaurant as fast as you would a McDonald's, so plan accordingly.  Also, they deliver to a very restricted area via beach cruiser...very unique!  I would hate to be a delivery rider in 110+ degree weather!
3	Came here when they first opened after viewing their menu online. Decided to give them at a try one weekday evening and dine out. Wrote down the family's order and decided to go order in person and take our food to go. Mom got citrus-asian steak salad, brother got bike rider BLT and I ordered the steak sandwich. When I walked in, the place reeked of burnt grease and the air was filled with smoke. I tried to enjoy the uniqueness of the restaurant as much as I could without my eyes watering from the smoke. After ordering I sat outside and enjoyed the weather as I eavesdropped on other tables, fiddled with my Blackberry and watched cars drive by on Higley Rd.The wait time was probably 35 minutes, and it wouldn't have been so bad if my Blackberry hadn't died halfway through waiting for the food (/sadface)... but I suffered through and saw those dining in immediately get served (another /sadface). It was funny, there were a group of us "diner-outters" (add that to the Yelp dictionary *wink wink*) who sort of got shoved to the back of the order line! Aren't all customers created equally?!So, I got the food home and was really dissatisfied with initial appearances. Our food came in take out brown boxes, not really the classiest of dining out boxes, but quite economical for the restaurant as we were served much less food then I saw come out on plates! I mean really this box was probably 5 inches wide, 4 inches long and 2/3 inches deep - i'm no architect but these boxes are small!Mom didn't particularly enjoy her citrus-asian salad and brother though the BLT was okay. My steak sandwich was the highlight of all our food since I ended up sharing with everyone else as their meals left much to be desired.
5	I love this little quaint restaurant! Have had great food and experience every time I've gone for lunch.  The chipotle chicken is my fav!! I wish there was more inside seating, for when it gets super hot, but outside seating was great for good weather.
4	Best quality of food restaurant that I've had in the Gilbert area. I'm from the east coast and finding that its hard to find decent food around here. This place is just simple good food.
4	I've been going to the spot ever since it opened.  At first, I wasn't that impressed but over the past few months, I feel they have gotten a lot better...  The food isn't food to "die over", it's good for lunch/dinner once and a while...  But I mostly go to it because it's convenient... With delivery and online ordering, it makes the decision easy, especially when none of the local competitors in the area offer neither online ordering or delivery.
3	I tried the poutine classique which I thought was quite good.  It is obviously tremendously unhealthy, which is part of the attraction ;).  Anyway, I thought that the pricing was a bit high here, and the seating arrangements are pretty much nonexistent.  I would certainly warn against coming here with a group of any size.  As it was my wife and I were exiled to the outdoor seating area which bakes under direct sunlight and is helped little by the misters they have out there.  If you are local and are looking for something to go, this place is probably a much better bet.
3	So I have to update that while I still love some of what The Spot has to offer, I am sad to say that the food quality isn't as consistent as it used to be. The menu has some great offerings and wonderful flavors, they just don't pay quite the attention to detail that they used to. For the price points they have, the quality should be on point. In my initial review I suggested that Joe's Farm Grill had some new competition in town, I must say that is not the case anymore. The bacon used to be so crisp and now it is limp and greasy. The steak sandwich once full of great cuts of meat is now met with gross amounts of fat and grizzle. I will still continue to eat here as they still have some items that are usually consistent. Another thing that they have going for them is that they are excellent about replacing your order if you are unhappy. I am hoping to see The Spot make a comeback as the food they were serving when they first opened was AMAZING!!!
1	I was a lot like the other reviewers here, so excited for a non chain restaurant with good food.  Well, I was sorely mistaken.My husband and I tried The Spot for the first time and while the food wasn't terrible, it was slightly disappointing.  I had the sliders and while the Hawaiian Sweet rolls they came on were soft, it didn't make sense and the flavor wasn't good.  We decided that we were going to give them another shot as everyone has their "bad days".  This was the worst food I've had in a long time.  I got The Original Spot chicken sandwich- who ever cooked this sandwich has to be afraid of under cooking chicken because it was cooked to shit.  I have never had chicken so burnt and over cooked in my life, seriously.  My husband ordered the Chipotle Chicken sandwich and his chicken was also so extremely over cooked.  I've never seen my husband not want to eat something, as he is a guy and we all know guys don't have taste buds, but he passed on his food.  Seriously.Unfortunately, we will not be visiting The Spot again.  It's too bad, Gilbert truly needs great local restaurants.  It looks like we'll be exclusively visiting The Coffee Shop.
5	The Spot is delish!They have poutine...if you're canadian then you understand! Pleasantly shocked to see that on the menu and it was great!Hope they can expand and make the actual restaurant larger one day!
1	Went for a nice lunch with my wife since we like trying new places and like to support the community. I was actually impressed with how we could sit outside or make it a little more private and fun in the loft area on a love seat. As we approach the counter a young man says "Hold on, I'll get someone." Um, OK. I thought since he was standing behind the counter that HE was "the one". As he shuffles to the back and a young girl proceeds to walk up she was polite but more interested in the other young man sitting at the table near the counter. We figure, oh well they're teens and probably just killing time.So we decided to sample their steak sandwich under the Signature Sandwiches and also an order of their Lone-Star Steak Fries under the Shareables. The steak sandwich was good sized but bland, at least it came with some steak fries with it. The Lone-Star Steak Fries WERE A JOKE!! On the menu it states "Serves and satisfies 4 folks". GOOD LUCK!!! There were less fries in the Shareable order than with the steak sandwich & it wouldn't satisfy 1 much less "4 folks". The service was mediocre at best. The food was bland & WAY overpriced. So if you enjoy bland and overpriced this is the place! I feel Gilbert needs The Spot remover on this place...
3	Had lunch there today. Good food, however the girl at the register could have been much friendlier. Much improvement needed at the register. Again food was good.
1	My wife and I ate here and in our opinion it is horrible.  This was our first and last time eating at The Spot.  I ordered the Original Spot chicken sandwich and it was still pink in the middle.  So I ate around the middle.  We also had the sliders and they didn't even taste like meat to me.  My wife also had some onion strings with her order which were overcooked and tasted really bad.  The mac and cheese was ok.  The chairs were also very dirty.  I would not recommend this place to anyone ever.  As I write this my wife is now getting herself a bowl of cereal at home instead.
5	As a new person to the area, I'm constantly looking for great places to go to in Gilbert. I went into The Spot on Wednesday. First of all, may I just say that the vibes in this restaurant are fantastic! The colors, the little area upstairs, all amazing. I was greeted by a very nice woman by the name of Christi, and she immediately made me feel welcome. She was very helpful on helping me decide on what to get. I ordered the original sliders with onion straws and mac and cheese, then went upstairs to relax on their sofas and relax. Quickly, the food was delivered, and it was fantastic! Some of the best mac and cheese I've ever had! It was a very satisfying experience at The Spot. I can assure you that I'll be going back!
4	I liked this place a lot. It's cute, it's not a chain and the people there are super friendly. We went there for breakfast and had a nice time. The place is small, but it felt very warm and cozy.I ordered the three-egg breakfast, which was a screaming deal at $6. I asked them for only two eggs, since three is a bit much, and they were happy to suggest adding fruit since I wasn't getting all the eggs. I also got a $1 bloody Mary -- which were small and mostly tomato juice, but heck for $1 it was perfect.I will go there again because I liked the atmosphere and attitude. The only reason I didn't give them five stars was because I ordered my two eggs over easy and they came out scrambled. But I also got bacon and sausage (I was supposed to only get bacon) and so I didn't complain. The food was tasty.
3	Even though this place is very tiny, I really like the feel of it.  It kind of reminds me of some of the restaurants in San Francisco and since that was home for me once upon a time, this place evokes feelings of nostalgia.I had the summer salad and a side of fries.  Both dishes had huge portions of food.  The description of the salad was better than the actual flavors.  That's not to say it was bad; it just sounded better when I was checking it out on the menu.  The fries were big steak fries served piping hot with just the right amount of salt.  I'd go back just for the fries.They have a lot on their menu, so I definitely want to go back to give some other dishes a try.
5	I love The Spot. Brian & Tracey did a fantastic job, and are fantastic people! Check this place out!
3	I have passed The Spot many times and figured I would give it a try.  I arrived at 8:45 on a Saturday and to my surprise, not a car in the parking lot.  The hours posted on the door said they opened at 8, but the "Open" sign was not on.  One quick phone call and they confirmed they were in fact open.  We walked in and the girl behind the counter was having a hard time with the computer.  She said "I just keep hitting the wrong buttons."  Meanwhile, there are more people coming in and now the phone is ringing.  Another female employee answers phone, standing right next to the register, so nobody can hear what another is saying. The "phone girl" is taking orders, but has not written anything down and is going by memory.  In fact the second phone order she takes, she laughs that "It's a to go order so if its wrong they won't know until they are gone".  (A pad of paper would probably help you write down an order to ensure accuracy.)  After finally getting our order paid for we chose to sit at one of the long tables on the first level.  This is  mistake since there is only a small walk way to serve as a line, as well as people bringing out orders and others getting their drinks.  My chair was continually bumped as people moved around. I also felt bad as our party of 2 was now taking up a table for 8.  At least we chose an end so others could have joined us if they didnt mind being part of the line/counter order area.Food was good, but not great.  I felt it was quite expensive for the amount served.  Toast was dry and no butter or jam was anywhere to be seen.  Went to order another orange juice and stood in line so long that my food then was cold when I got back to it.  (Really pricey for a small bottle of juice $2.85?)   The air conditioner was on full blast so we sat shivering through the meal.  Many people went to sit outside after ordering.  A young man came in and was talking to the other employees that were working.  He must have been an employee as he was talking about the new Yelp reviews.  They kept talking about how they "keep getting removed".  This was a reminder to me, that they do review their  reviews... Very important since it could help them.I could see the seating becoming a problem.  Not sure if there is another way to get more seating in there or not though.
5	It is really cute inside, despite the small size. The food was very tasty! I will be back to try more items. The staff was friendly & we even chatted with the owner. Great experience!
2	I tried the chipotle chicken sandwich and my wife had a BLT. Neither sandwich was anything special. For as much mayo as they laid on the chicken sandwich, you would think it would be somewhat rich. Not so. Nor was it particularly savory. For a sandwich featuring chipotle, it was all around under seasoned.  Judging by some of the other reviews, the quality must be hit or miss.
1	My last visit was the straw that broke the camel's back. I have given the spot a number of chances after getting slow service, wrong orders, and a mediocre sandwiches. I did like their summer salad and steak flatbread so i thought this restaurant did have some hope, but this last experience was a bust and that's why I am writing this review. I do hope the owners see this, because their restaurant really needs some work.I ordered three different sliders. One of the sliders had 3 morsels of Gorgonzola cheese and that was it! Nothing else existed on the burger. The other burgers were ok tasting until I pulled a squiggly white hair out of the burger. The Mac and cheese was dried and I threw most of it away. So I called The Spot and they were very apologetic. They offered me another meal so I went back and picked up the summer salad. Well...here we go again! The strawberries looked like they were fermenting and the parts of the avocado was brown. It was not appetizing. once again, i didn't eat. I'm just over it...Done with this place.
3	I wanted to like the Spot a bit more than I did, just because of the design and decor. The Chipotle Chicken sandwich was tasty when I had it, but on a return visit a friend said it was dry, and not as good. Consistency may be an issue here. I found the flatbread to be nice and garlicy, and I enjoyed the service and music.You can read my full review here: http://forkvsfood.com/thespot-boldroost/
2	Like other reviewers, I really wanted to like this place.  On our first visit, shortly after they opened, I ordered the Homestyle Turkey Club, my husband had the Chicken Salad sandwich and we ordered Chicken Tenders for our 2 year old.  My son's CHICKEN ARRIVED RAW IN THE MIDDLE.  Luckily, we had broken the tenders in half before giving them to him so he didn't eat any of it.  My husband took the chicken back to the counter and the manager came over and apologized.  She was extremely nice and I could tell she was mortified.  She assured us they would be slicing the chicken more thinly in the future.  She brought back the chicken now cooked perfectly and offered us a free dessert.  Our sandwiches were delicious but it took a long time for us to go back again after that,  We chalked it up to a new restaurant, new cooks, etc, and recently decided to give them another try.  We decided to get lunch to go and my husband went to pick it up.  When he got home we opened it up to find that the bread on my sandwich was completely burnt.  Not dark, burnt.  It's sad because the menu is good, they are friendly, its a good location.  They just seem to have no standards.  We won't be back.
3	I like this place when I don't know where to go for lunch! Small place with a little menu but a good random lunch spot for sandwiches and soups! I recommend the chicken sandwich!
4	I've dined at this location and I've used their delivery service multiple times, and here are my thoughts.Dining in: The place is cute and quaint, but it's not a good place to have a business lunch or a deep conversation,  If you're going for good food, a friendly atmosphere and a low-key environment, then it's a winner.  But I wouldn't go there to dine in if you're looking for a quiet meal or a place to eat and relax.Delivery: Amazing.  I live in a nearby neighborhood and use the delivery service frequently. They only charge $1 for it, which is well worth the price (and, of course, whatever you decide to tip).  My food always arrives as ordered, hot, and quicker than their time estimates.  I probably do this about once every couple of weeks and I'm never disappointed.Food: The food is good quality.  I like the flavors.  My only complaint is that there is too much cheese on the pizzas (but I fully realize that others feel the exact opposite) and a few times the fries have been overcooked.  But 90% of the time I'm thrilled.  If you haven't tried this place out, I'd definitely give it a go!
4	A little over priced otherwise 5stars, I eat here weekly and the desserts are awesome love the breakfast/lunch menu!
2	A coworker told me I just had to try this place, and to definitely have their French toast, so we went. After we were told that it would only be around 20 min wait, they finally brought us our food 45 min later. The good news was, their French toast was pretty dang good. Bad news was, it was cold. Must be awesome when it's fresh off the grill. I figured that maybe it was just an off day and to give The Spot another chance. It's a little hard finding something I can eat off their menu since I don't eat pork, and I finally settled on a burger because there was an option to remove the bacon from my order. It would've been nice to know that they mixed in bacon bits with the hamburger, which I found out halfway through the burger. So now since I've never eaten pork, I have myself some fantastic stomach cramps right now, and I'm thinking that I'm done with this place for good.
4	OMG! YUM!!!We have driven by this hardly noticeable place so many times (they really need a big orange sign out on the road). Some friends had told us about it but since they only talked about their sandwiches, we paid it no mind.  Well, today the place down the street had  a mile-long line, so we decided to give this place a try. It was destiny, not coincedence btw.  It is definitely a small place (which I'm fine with), it took my hubby a minute to figure out where the door was (lol), you order at the counter and find a seat.We had the burger, sliders, kid's pizza and chicken tenders:the burger and sliders were amazing, as of now, the best I've had in this side of town.  The onion straws also some of the best I've had.  The mac 'n cheese was delicious.  The pizza was more of flatbread with cheese (it was tasty but different).If they start offering some good specials and healthier options, we will be going there a lot!
2	Very bland food. They need to incorporate some good flavors like spices and maybe even a good salt in their cooking. The desserts are the best thing to order here. They are made by a 3rd party company and brought in. By far the best thing about the place.Whatever you do, when you're ordering, don't look at the floor of the kitchen or the cooking area. Trust me.
2	Unfortunately nothing really special about the food here.
4	I love this place. The food was good as was the service.With that said, the only downfall is that I could see this place being downright horrible for business meetings and being horribly congested during lunch - get it and go!
5	Awesome place. Reminds me a lot of restaurants in Asia and Europe. Casual, good food, loft. Very cute food was good, I like the steak sandwich, and I believe this will become the new "spot" no pun intended to hang out at in Gilbert they are pretty crowded on weekends
5	What a great place!  Found it on the Around Me app while looking for a place to take my niece and nephew. The "kid's burgers were huge and I had the southwest scramble. Amazing. Would be great place to have a drink too. Our server Christi was fun and quick. I'll definitely be back
5	Used yelp's 10% off! Very impressed by how good the food is here ;) Only downfall was the plastic utensils and uncomfortable plastic chairs. Atmosphere is like a loft and staff was friendly.  Cant wait to come back and try breakfast!
4	My friend and I split our meals for double the fun. We had the summer salad (they were kind enough to split it for us) and the mini sliders ... The summer salad was very refreshing on this very hot saturday afternoon in AZ. I loved the pecans, strawberries and gorgonzola cheese that  hit the spot with a San Tan Brewery Epic Center (Amber), the onion strips and mac & cheese were perfect with the delicious slider burgers where we had one of each that were offered (3) to choose from. Of course sitting in the loft made it even more fun!
5	I love this place! I took my sister here one day for a "girls day" breakfast before pedicures and it's fantastic. Very friendly staff, great, fun menu. Wonderful, friendly atmosphere overall. I've only been here for breakfast so far, but the portions were large and filling, and the mimosa was perfect. :)I have yet to try their delivery service, but definitely plan to do so. They hop on their bikes and deliver your food to you by BIKE. How cute is that?!
3	Good food..the chicken sandwich is pretty good. The salads look delish. The turkey sandwich would be good if they put it on some real bread.. (they put it on a thin piece of bread and it just falls apart and ruins the whole sandwich..what a mess).
5	Hidden little gem! Absolutely love their $1 Bloody Mary's and Mimosas on Saturday and Sunday! Honestly, who does that? Their food is always great. It's familiar in flavor but with unique flare and combinations. C'mon beer and a brie sandwich, um Yum!
5	I absolutely love this place! I came here with a friend about 3 weeks ago for a quick bite to eat and let me say.. I'm so glad I did!! They even have a healthier menu for those that are calorie conscious. I LOVE that they serve breakfast all day and it doesn't have to be a certain time for you to be able to order eggs. On my first day in, I had the veggie spot scramble. Oh. My. God. I'm kind of a health geek so this was perfect! Who doesn't love avocado, mushrooms, onions?? So delicious! The lady sitting next to us had the french toast and said it was absolutely to die for! I can't wait to go back and try more entrees, its the perfect spot! (Pun intended)I would GLADLY drive from Phoenix to Gilbert to visit this place.My only complaint is that its a bit small (kinda like a loft). Its wonderfully designed though, I would just be cautious of when you're coming in so you can beat the rush! Never hurts to call in advance. But its perfect for about 2-4 people!! :)Ps you can also opt in for deals! And they have a great happy hour!
4	The Spot strikes me as the kind of place that belongs in a hip urban neighborhood.  The bikes parked outside with delivery baskets make me even more jealous of the people who live in one of the nearby neighborhoods as they can get eco friendly delivery of tasty food.  The menu tends towards classic favorites with some twists.  My sandwich was delicious; the toppings were clearly fresh.  I didn't try any of the desserts (yay self control!) but they looked delicious.  Like I said, a place like this as a sidewalk cafe in a hip urban area wouldn't be at all out of place.
2	We tried The Spot for lunch, and it was just eh. At the end of the meal, it reminded me more of like a short-order restaurant.We ordered the Spot sandwich (a plain chicken sandwich with mediocre quality bun), and a chicken salad. The best part of the salad was the little piece of apple cinnamon bread that came on the side. Otherwise, it was little more than salad with deli turkey/ham in it, and some walnuts. The seating was uncomfortable, and there's only 2 tables inside downstairs, and 1-ish up the stairs. Not great for summer eating in AZ. We ended up outside. The misters helped a little, but it was disappointing that most of their seating is outdoors.The dessert case looked pretty good, but not good enough to make me want to try it. I doubt we'll go back, it wasn't even compelling enough for me to write this review on the same day we went.
4	Not only is this place 5 mins from my home it's a very cool place to hang with my kiddos.  We always sit in the loft area, my kids wouldn't have it any other way.  :)  The food is good, (mac and cheese is TO DIE FOR) and even though I encourage my boys to try something new they usually just stick with sliders or burgers.  Either way, I have never ever had anything bad or even mediocre here.  It's all great stuff!The atmosphere is fun and hip and while seating is VERY limited, we've never had an issue with finding the loft mostly vacant so we can find our favorite spots.  The loft is a favorite because we can sit on the sofas, put our feet up on the ottomans and relax.  I like that they play music that is a mix of top 40 from 80s to current although my kids LOVE when they are playing 80s music since they keep reminding me how OLD I AM because I know all the songs.  :sigh:The only issue I have (deducted one star for it) is that their staff looks to be mostly high school students.  Now, I don't have an issue with teens working to make some extra money but nearly every time we've visited they are kind of clueless.  (or maybe it's cool to act that way...what do i know, I'm pushing 40)  They don't really know the menu, can't make suggestions, aren't sure about substitutions, things like that.  We visited a couple times and I asked if we could order the kid's meal with sliders instead of a full adult slider meal (too much for my little guy to eat) and was told yes and they gladly accommodated.  The very next visit was told no, that they don't offer sliders as a kid's item.  BUT they don't even offer burgers on the kid's menu.  huh?  Anyway, I quit asking and being told no so I just order the regular slider meal, paying double when my son will only eat half of it.  Otherwise he would starve because he LOVES their sliders and doesn't like any of the other options on the kid's menu.  I'd really like to see this be added.They have a nice selection of San Tan Brewery beers (in cans) which is nice as they are always ice cold (you can grab them right out of the cooler on the counter when you order your food) but I don't like having to get up from my seat to get another and pay for it separately.  Last time we were in, I ordered two beers the same time we ordered our food and asked the gal at the counter if I could come back for the other one a little later.  Sure.  Not a problem.  So....when I went back to the counter to get my other beer she started to ring me up for it.  I reminded her I had paid for it already (this was the same gal that rang us up earlier).  Again, the clueless teenager thing.  Kind of annoying and not very professional.Other than that I love this place, my kids love this place and we eat there at least 3x a month.  Haven't tried breakfast there yet but will do that soon!
1	I went there for a fundraiser for school.   I ordered and had to wait for about an hour and a half for my food.  It was frustrating that people were served their food before me even though I ordered before them.  My brother got lost and couldn't find the place and ordered his food 20 mins after me but got his food (the same thing I ordered) before me.  By the time I got my food I requested that it be togo since I have children and they were tired.  When I got home I learned that my burger was burnt and made completely wrong.  There was suppose to be onion strips and BBQ but there wasn't.  The service was horrible there was a girl with blond hair that had the worst attitude and she was running food. When my sister asked about how much longer it would be for her food she was rude and when she finally brought the food her hair was in it.  There was a new girl there that was fantastic and I felt like she had been thrown to the wolves she didn't know where to find anything.  I won't ever be going to The Spot again....even for a mandatory school fundraiser.
4	Just moved here a few months ago and it was one of the first places we tried.. Its really close to our house. Ill start with the positive first, we love the food. We have already been about 7-8 times. We like the sliders, the steak sandwich is really yummy, the steak pizza is out of this world, also love the summer salad with chk and strawberries!!  Its always clean inside.   So the things that could be changed... They only have  2 large tables on the main level unless you sit outdoors or upstairs is seating with coffee like tables. The large tables are fine for a large family, but can be awkward when only 2 people are using it and your family of 4 needs t sit and eat.. I guess its called, eat with your neighbor style.. I think they could put a few smaller tables instead, or high top with stools. In most cases I see only single people or two people eating in there.. Its usually the younger kids working the register, they're not overly friendly.. Just kinda blah.. Today I also noticed a frequent visitor punch card behind the cash register area.. I had to ask for one myself, nobody offered it in all the 8x I've ate there. Weird! I would've been near a free meal by now, or whatever you get since she never explained..I like this place a lot for the food, but with all the competition in this area I think the service at the cash register could be improved and more inviting and as mentioned the seating inside needs HELP!!! Other than that, the food has been awesome and yummy every time!
4	Fun little place, though seating is REALLY limited so if it's busy best to get your meal to go. GREAT sandwiches. If you weren't looking for it, you would pass right by it on Higley next to Fresh and Easy. Don't pass by- stop and eat!
5	The steak sandwich is a fancy cheesesteak, killer! The Original Spot is really good! The salted caramel cheesecake is so good you'll wanna slap your momma!
1	Thinking I would play it safe my first time here, I ordered the Asian Steak Salad.  You can't ruin salad, right? Bleh! The steak was a cheap cut that was chewy and fatty. The mandarin oranges tasted like they came out of a can and the lettuce was wilted. Oh the apple bread was stale. Won't be paying a visit here again which is too bad as I live within walking distance.
4	Great little local food business. The Spot reminds me of a place in san diego. The colors and layout anyway. Seating is very limited so if your in the mood for this place make sure not to go during busy hours. We went on a sunday late afternoon and had to say we had the entire place to our selves. The Service: For the young staff I would say they are well trained and very very nice! Providing a restaurant feel and making sure everything was enjoyable.  I give them kudos for their effort to make it such an experience. Food: 7/10. The food is very tasty and has alot going for it. The wife had the chipotle chicken sandwich and was very delicious. Full of flavor, but does not make good leftover food. I would say that the portion is enough for 2 people. I had the spot original, felt like a fatty but I enjoyed it and does make me wanta come back and try other foods. Cost: It is on the costlier side of places where 2 people will set you back $20-25 for both. The deserts look a little to expensive for our blood to try, plus we were to full from our meal there to even try it.Overall: I was very pleased with this place and will be back to try other items on the menu, so yes I would recommend atleast trying it out!
1	I have now been twice. I want to like it. It's near our house and very cute. The first time we went I had a soggy, bland $8 sandwich. Today we tried happy hour. The red wine was served very warm in a plastic cup. The pastry tasted like it featured canned apple pie filling. The employees were very nice, and it's cute, but we will not try it again.
1	Dirty tables, soiled floors, and bad food.  According to a dated publication posted on the restaurant's wall,  it was the owner's long time dream to open a restaurant.  The publication shocks me for two reasons: the restaurant is dirty and the food is awful... that doesn't feel dreamy to me.   I ordered the sliders.  The wife ordered a turkey club sandwich.  Safe bets considering this is our first visit.  It was hard to find an open table and that's not because the restaurant was busy (at the top of the lunch hour, we were the only patrons)... we couldn't find a clean table.  I guess the dream didn't factor in employees who would rather drink lattes and watch football games than clean tables and floors.  Then came the food. The sliders were clumsily made, the onion straws were cold,  and the mac n' cheese was unseasoned and bland.  My wife's  sandwich was mediocre and  elementary (in my lazy college days, I made better sandwiches with half the sobriety of the restaurant cooks... granted I'm making a big assumption). In short, save your money and spare yourself the nightmare... find another spot.
4	We like it! We are here for the first time tonight and my wife and I both really liked the sandwiches we ordered. We live right by it. Took the sandwiches home and enjoyed them. Awesome work you guys!
5	This place is wonderful! I had the egg whites veggie omelet and it tasted fantastic! I find it cool that you can see them preparing your food in the back, gives me a reassuring feeling. It could use more seats but since winter is coming, sitting outside won't be a problem. Quality food for the price.
5	I have been eating at the spot since it opened earlier last year. I never got around to writing a review but I feel like the time is necessary. The Spot has had its up and downs, as far as food in concerned, but as of recent, the food has been on point and delicious. My favorite item is your southwest scramble (and practically every item on your breakfast menu). I feel as if breakfast is much better quality all around AND it always seems to be served faster. One thing I really love about The Spot is the employee interaction with the customers. The employees treat everyone with a smile on their face and you can tell that they actually care, which is rare now-a-days. LOVE The Spot. LOVE The atmosphere. LOVE the people. Please check out this place :)-Andrew
5	Holy hell, The Spot is amazing!My girlfriend has been bugging me to come check this place out for months, so I finally came in on a rainy day... It's a cute little narrow corridor of a restaurant sandwiched in a strip mall next to a Fresh & Easy, but there's a patio outside and a cute upstairs loft area with comfy couches and chairs. It's  tastefully decorated and it just feels like a nice inviting place conducive to socializing and eating.I ordered the soon-to-be-famous sliders. Wow. Probably the best sliders I've had in my life - or at least up there. They came with a generous amount of onion strings (sort of like a cross between a seasoned curly fry and a regular onion ring), and a copious side of baked Mac and cheese. It was all really delicious, and a huge amount of food. They are really punching above their actual price range here... My ticket total was pretty cheap. Everyone here seems super friendly... I would expect a place like this in Austin, Portland, or someplace else hip and cool. I suppose in some ways Gilbert is becoming that. Growing up in the valley, I'm having trouble seeing it...Anyway, I love this place. Worth the drive.
1	I don't usually give multiple second chances, but I have with this place.  The food is good and it's near by, but the service is the worst.   I cannot believe this is a family run business.  They treat customers worse than any fast food chain out there.  I'm done.  Joe's will get my business instead.
3	i always hit a place multiple times before i write a review...I love local owned food concepts.  non-chain.  Wanted this place to be a home-run...i've been here 4 times. Decor is nice, but location is small and tight.  downstairs seating you will be surrounded by people in line.  Upstairs IS cool...if you can get it.  But most seating upstairs is for "hanging out" not super easy to east.  Again, if you have a group and can take over the loft, you'll enjoy it.  except for the "stink-eye" you get from everyone else coming in that can't sit there.  Otherwise, you sit outside.The Service: basically, you'll only encounter staff at the counter when you order.  neutral.  Food is made to order.Menu: promising.  lots of options for breakfast and a different menu for lunch/dinner.Price:  $1 - $2 high for each item.  Food: 7/10. we've had multiple sandwiches, flatbreads, Breakfast Burritos.  We liked the Mac'n'Cheese (topped w bread crumbs).Still looking for SOMETHING here that makes me want to come back once a month.  haven't found it yet...
5	Awesome little place for breakfast! Food is really good and the people are really nice. Seating is limited because it is a small place but I have never not had anywhere to sit. Staff is usually really nice as well.
3	The spot is hit or miss. I also feel like it's a little overpriced, but worth it to support a local business. I really like their original chicken, when it's done correctly. There are a few items that we've gotten one time and they've been wonderful, then other times and they've been barely edible. One that has always been good it's their BLT. Their chipotle chicken and southwestern salad were pretty good too.
3	I've tried to eat at this place a few times, but every time I go the food doesn't really stand out.  It makes me feel like is be ok not ever coming back to eat what I ordered.  I'm a big supporter of privately owned businesses, but the food needs more love and the menu has to have more banging options.  It's hard not to turn around and drive down the street to the coffee shop instead.  They do deliver if you live around neighborhood which is great on those lazy days.
3	I need to give it another try because a lot of folks I know like this place. Everyone was super friendly, but it took a long time get our food and she. It arrived it was very average at best. If you look at my other ratings, I'm not a negative nelly but was pretty disappointed with the value/quality for the price ratio. I'll probably try it again at some point and based on what others have said, I'll probably have a better experience. Give it a go and see what you think for yourself!
5	Great food, friendly service.  Quiet, hole in the wall kinda place.
5	There are a lot of restaurants that have great food or great customer service here in the Valley but very few places that offer both.  The Spot is a rare restaurant that offers both.  It is not super-duper fancy or anything but the food is SO worth it.  Plus, it is so hard to find a good restaurant that delivers out here in the suburbs, but these guys do!  In fairness, I have only ordered delivery from this particular establishment so I cannot review the "in dining" experience.  Disclaimer:  I RARELY order a salad from a restaurant because they are all pretty much the same....lettuce...tomato...diet meat....blah blah blah.  I can whip that up at home.  If I go to a restaurant I want something TASTY.  I have not, nor will I likely EVER, order a salad from this, or any other, restaurant that has SO MANY other great options.Anyway, here is the review:The Burger: GET DOUBLE MEAT!!! You won't regret it....extra bacon, extra burger...totally worth it.  Somehow, this place manages to cook the burger all the way through (no pink), yet keep it SUPER juicy.  Idk how they manage this but the result is AWESOME. The first time I thought it was some magical fluke...but then it kept happening.  I love it.Mac N' Cheese: It is PERFECT.  It has become my new "go to" condiment, replacing ranch dressing or nacho cheese.  I put it on the burger AND on the fries.  You WILL NOT regret it.  It is even good cold.  My only complaint is that it doesn't come in a big enough size.  I want to buy a GALLON of it.Poutine: Fries with gravy AND cheese curds!? Who thinks of this!!!  Full disclosure....I can't tell if the gravy is homemade or from a mix but it is so good, I don't even care.  Put the Mac N' Cheese on this too and you have a SUPERFOOD!Sliders: Small, juicy and served on a bun that is a little sweet.  VERY good....also served with fries.  Get the Southwest Sliders and PUT MAC N" CHEESE ON THEM!!Fries/Onion Strings: Run of the mill.  Basically both are a means to get the mac n' cheese inside my face. Fries have always been crispy when delivered which is pretty solid when it comes to delivery for french fries.Other stuff, wraps, omelets, etc: My girlfriend orders some of the healthy stuff sometimes and she always says it's good.  I don't know....probably will never try it unless they run out of burgers, mac n' cheese or poutine.  Customer Service: True story: We had a very negative experience once with this restaurant (very late delivery, cold food).  I emailed the restaurant and got a response THAT DAY from the OWNER, who actually offered a decent explanation.  He was EXTREMELY apologetic and rectified the situation within the week.  Sometimes the best way to judge a place is how they deal with a negative experience or feedback.  This place nailed it. Every employee we have spoken with has been friendly and kindBOTTOM LINE: The food is OUTSTANDING. It is even good cold. They serve breakfast all day.  They deliver so I can enjoy this food IN MY UNDERWEAR.  If you are a man and you are taking a date (or ordering food from home for a date!), she should be able to find some salad or wrap to enjoy...they even have vegetarian options.  If you are a woman, you can take your man there because he can get a HUGE burger and slap mac n' cheese on it to make it a SUPER BURGER.EDIT: Just ordered from The Spot again....super hot and yummy and fast delivery (just under 30 mins!). It is worth noting that Girlfriend ordered the "California Breakfast blah blah blah"....to be honest, I stopped listening after she said the word "California" and the words "egg whites".  Anyway, it came hot and fancy looking (with sauce drizzled in a VERY fancy way on it) but had too much green on it for me to pay attention.  Clearly it was really good because she finished it, and she NEVER finishes any meal....she is all into fitness and health and stuff so evidently you can get healthy AND delicious food here too.  It should be noted that I did actually eat her hash-browns.  They were crispy (even delivered) and hot and they soaked up the cheese from my mac n' cheese and the grease from my burger. Also, they lady on the phone that took our order was super nice.
2	I really like the place and I really like the food. I think it has the potential to be a great restaurant but it is not great. It is slow. It is beyond slow. I went there and ordered 3 burgers to-go. I spent an entire hour waiting for 3 burgers to be cooked. That is absolutely unacceptable for any place. I really want this place to do well but they need to change some things before that happens. I will at least try to make the free dessert assuage my frustrations.Update: they messed up 2 of 3 orders.
2	Ehhhhhhhhhh.....
5	The spot is a hidden gem. It's a small place with some outdoor tables. We went for lunch. I had a salad that was light and fresh and it came with a slice of the best cinnamon bread I have had in a long time. My husband got a sandwich and loved every bite. They have gluten free options as well.
1	A family member brought a sandwich from here and found a pubic hair in it. When she took it back and told them, they laughed at her. If I could shut this place down I would! Disgusting, immature staff.
4	Decent little place. The poutine was a little disappointing as the gravy was super dark and not creamy and cheese not very melty.  When I order poutine I have high expectations and was just more like tasty fries. I'll recommend a burger and a local craft beer. The service was great. ..staff super friendly and prices were great
3	The service was good. The restaurant is nice and clean. But the food is WAY over priced for what you get. Their chicken sandwich was great, however the fact that they charged $2.50 to add 3 of the tiniest slices of avocado i've ever seen, is ridiculous. Also the portion of fries that comes with it was tiny as well. I got the steak fries which were around $7.99 for a small basket of fries with some cheese and fake bacon bits. Not worth it. The place wasn't horrible but definitely far from amazing. We won't be going back.
3	I've dropped in here a couple times since it's so close to home. I'm looking for that place we can ride our bikes to, grab a bite to eat & chill. This place has the potential but it's just not their yet. Family owned is great but I've never seen the owners so maybe thats why its lacking that personal touch.....yesterday my daughter & I decided to ride our bicycles to dinner so we agreed on The Spot. It was an hour before closing so there were friends of the employees there grabbing a bite to eat and some guy playing with his camera, for what turned out to be an hour, without touching his pizza in front of him. Food came out in a decent amount of time. I had the loaded fries & my daughter had the grilled cheese with fries. The grilled cheese tasted great but the fries were a bit on the salty side. Today's visit seamed to go ok. Nothing really stuck out or went wrong. The last 2 times we visited, our food was slow, orders were wrong, tables were dirty & questionable behavior out of the employees preparing the food. I would visit more if they food was better especially for the pricing. As of right now its a hit or miss for us
3	I ordered food to go and it took about 25 minute after I ordered to actually get the food.  That's a little long to be waiting for two sandwiches to go when there were only 10 others in the restaurant sitting down to eat.  I had a chicken cheesesteak sandwich which was pretty good.  I think the other sandwich was a turkey something and it was pretty good also.  I think the food is really good but I can't wait 25 minutes for a to go order, and the inside of this place is crammed and muggy.  It might help to get a fan going, the A/C, something.
2	Meh..very small place. There were crumbs all over the place, the tables were not bussed and there were no napkins. The girls who were working there were more concerned about what they were wearing than knowing anything about the menu. The food wasn't terrible but definitely it wasn't great. Don't think I'll be going back
5	Went to The Spot the other morning with my girlfriend for brunch. Let me just say, AMAZING!!  I ordered the veggie scrambler and it was a blend of flavors that truly impressed me. Will defiantly return!
3	I keep wanting to like this place, but every time I come I am disappointed by something. The food is fairly tasty and different than the typical deli. But for example, today I ordered a BLT and got a sandwich with a bunch of bacon crumbs thrown on it and 2 tiny tomatoes. BLT's I've had here before were not this bad. It's stuff like this which frustrates me about The Spot. It's not consistent. I think they were busy and literally threw my sandwich together. But that's no excuse.
5	How do you describe the best breakfast, lunch or dinner in all of the land???? Two words! THE SPOT!!! Every time I eat here I smile like a fat kid in a cake factory!! This place never disappoints! They even have a Hangover breakfast plate !!! Don't wait in line   At Lenny's or any other chain restaurant when you can get top notch food from a locally owned restaurant ! The food is cooked within eyesight of you  and the also have a file very bike for neighborhood delivery (Higley ).
5	We love this place! Such a great addition to the area. We typically call ahead and pick up but have eaten in a few times. It is on the smaller side but like the outdoor option.  I typically get one of the breakfast burritos or the veggie sandwich.
5	I love this place!! The French toast is to die for!!! Very small inside.
5	This place rocks! I often travel to this side of the valley for work and when I do I try to come here! The breakfast scrambles are fresh and have amazing flavor-packed with protein! You can modify any item to be healthy and it still has tons of flavor, and I think you can get breakfast all day...any place that serves breakfast all day wins in my book! For lunch I ordered the chipotle chicken sandwich But as a burrito to try and limit the bread. Full of flavor and they even subbed a salad for my fries and didn't charge me an arm and leg! Although the fries smelled absolutely amazing as I waited for my food I had to chose the healthier version! Torture. The cupcakes and deserts look beautiful...I want to try them every time but battle  against the beautifully sculpted sugary and artsy cupcakes!! One day I will cave! I like to sit upstairs as it's a cozy little area, they even have a couch and I've hung out up their during slower hours and plugged in my laptop to get some work done. Customer service is always great, accommodating with a friendly smile! I hope you enjoy this place as I have!
1	Nothing spectacular, they only had one high chair so had to hold my baby, food wasn't very good...and found a hair in my sandwich and glass of wine tasted spoiled if that's even possible.  I wouldn't go back
2	This place has huge potential but it's very inconsistent. Almost every time we order food for take out we get it home and it's wrong. We aren't even asking for modifications. We often order the spot chicken sandwich. Menu says it has bacon on it. This is the 3rd time we've gotten it and there's no bacon on the sandwiches. The lettuce on the sandwiches is wilted. Another favorite in theory is the classic summer salad. Great when the chicken is good. Not so much when the chicken is overcooked to the point of not being able to chew it. I really want to like this place because I love the concept and the tasty recipes but not sure how many more chance we are willing to give it.
4	Love this place. The food is always good and fresh...the sever, Brooke, is professional, attentive and makes you feel at home...;)
5	Quick review. Had a few items here since they have been open. Their breakfast is really good and they have this really good Carmel cheesecake dessert. Friendly staff. Quick service. Always clean.
2	Over the past few months, the service has gotten worse.  Upon reading some of the recent comments, I'm seeing the same issues with inconsistency.Usually there's something wrong with the order.  For example, we ordered the "spot" chicken tonight with no bacon or onions and add avocado.   It came with bacon, onions and no avocado.  How do you mess that up?Sometimes it'll come with a fries instead of a salad, even though the menu says it clearly comes with salad.    The food is mediocre at best and when the order isn't right, it's just not worth it anymore.
3	The Food:      Spot Sliders (Chicago Style) I would call average. The beef was a tad on the dry side and there was only a touch of blue cheese that was added as well. The saving grace was that the buns used for the sliders may have been, or similar to, King's Hawaiian Bread, which I am a fan of. Also, the sliders were a substitution for their flat bread. More on that in The Experience.      Poutine: A decent appetizer, however the gravy was a little to rich for my liking. It's a good size, so either it's all you're having, or bring a friend to share.The Experience:      The cashier was very friendly and I took her up on her recommendation to try the Aegean Flatbread. Shortly after my order, I was informed that they were out of flat bread. Ok. No big deal. I asked to just cancel the flatbread but was told that she can't do refunds. She said I could have anything else I wanted, plus a free desert. In retrospect, the desert probably wasn't free because the cost of the sliders + desert would have been about equal to the flatbread with chicken. I would have much rather been able to cancel the flatbread instead of being forced to choose a substitution that I only found to be average. But at least I got a free cheesecake right (sorta)?      I don't agree with the inability to provide a refund for a product that can't be delivered upon, however, I will attempt to try their flatbread again in the future. Perhaps the second time around will go smoother. If not, I'll just keep driving next time.     Final note. I would estimate that my order took 12-14 minutes. A little longer than I would have anticipated for sliders and fries as well being the restaurant having no other patrons.
1	small. cramped. no coffee. dirty tables. hair in food. Oct 10th at approx. 1200hrs. Never going back.
5	Really good breakfast! The eggs are my favorite and the potatoes are fresh and crispy! I love the cost atmosphere and fun music. My son loves the little pastries. I would recommend this place to my friends.
5	The spot  was the spot. . Omg amazing  sliders and the onion  rings  were  out of this world.. very  friendly  service cool hang out to with pastries.  Yummy
2	It's been about six months since we've been to The Spot. We were frequent customers to the point where we burned out on it for a while. We woke up craving the Californian breakfast burrito this weekend -- it's quite possibly the best breakfast burrito either my husband or I have ever had. Something's changed in the last six months though, and we knew it as soon as we walked in the front door. The place smelled like dirty fryer oil. We ordered and sat down at the only free table downstairs just as the parties at the other tables finished and left. The cashier disappeared for a while, coming back after another family walked in. The tables remained un bused for another 15 minutes, leaving a VERY pregnant customer to climb the stairs to find a table. As we waited for our food, we noticed the tables were new, and the bright orange plastic chairs were filthy, the backs are covered in black grime from repeated and many hands moving the chairs. As we looked around, we really began to notice the details....the restaurant is so much dirtier than we've ever seen it in the past, what happened? Our food arrived, without the fruit cup it has always come with...the server let us know they no longer offered it (shouldn't the cashier told us this when ordering?), we could have more potatoes (already in the burrito) or Mac and cheese (?). We were really disappointed, and chose the latter just because we already had potatoes. It was all too heavy without the fruit pairing. The server, cook and cashier openly discussed that Mac and cheese wasn't an allowable offering, within earshot, and the server was even confused. The burritos were incredibly rich without the side of fruit to balance, the Mac and cheese was bland and dry, we barely touched our food and took most of it home to share with our dogs. It was so many little things, but overall a poor enough experience that we're inclined not to go back. What's happened to this place, new manager, new owners? Something has changed, not for the better.
