5	As an artist, I've come to be very picky about the stores from which I purchase my art supplies. Arizona Art Supply is a GREAT store!!! Every time I visit I overhear the staff's experienced recommendations; they take the time to ensure that every customer's needs are satisfied. I am always immediately welcomed as I delve into the fully stocked and well-organized aisles. Yes, this is my kind of art supply store!  As I browse the expansive selection of everything from  drawing supplies to paint, easels and canvases to ceramic tools, an overwheming desire to create comes over me. AZ Art Supply has a HUGE selection of my favorite brands--Prismacolor and Golden Paints!  Although this store is smaller, the prices are reasonable--they beat out Michael's prices for nearly every item. If you're looking for exceptional quality, a diverse selection and a knowledgeable staff, Arizona Art Supply is your best bet.
4	This store is my jam. I've been here a few times, and every single time....I have never been disappointed. They have a great selection of Prismacolor markers, pastels, and a fantastic selection of sketchbooks. All the things I need to create.The best part? The staff. They are helpful...and useful. I was about to buy some sketch paper, and the guy at the counter asked what I was going to use it for. When I told him....he suggested a better quality...which was about the same price.That's customer service.I am definitely coming back....and telling all my friends. Woot!
3	I'm an artist and came here after reading the reviews to find myself a little disappointed. The selection is actually pretty small compared to a Utrecht/Blick, the prices seem higher than average, and the staff are a little too hipster and  well, I don't know, one of the guys tried to button a button that had become unfastened on the back neckline of my shirt (it was a perfectly conservative shirt, in case anyone is wondering, it just had a button on the back in the very top for show rather than function), and that was just sort of the cherry on top.
