4	My family and I were stopping in Gila Bend on our road trip from Texas to California.  Since our stay at the Best Western came with breakfast at the Space Age Restaurant, I didn't want to eat there twice.  So we decided to try Little Italy.  Our waitress (the owner?) was so friendly and sweet.  The kids got burgers and we split the Gourmet Pizza which was cheesy and wonderful.  Overall, the food wasn't fancy, but it was good and the service was great.  The Halloween zombies at the front door didn't really fit the place, but if I'm ever in town again, I will definitely return for another meal!
3	Family owned & operated business in Gila Bend.  Very friendly staff (including the owner) and overall good service.  Small building with modest decor on a budget, including a few traditional wall posters as well as some with a bit of humor.  It was a bit dark and had a semi-bar feel with the beer neon signs and TV's.  Food prices were typical for a larger city though, with most entrees $9-10 on up.  Food was prepared fresh, tasted good, but not spectacular.  Homemade rolls were moist & fresh, but were very much like a hamburger bun, including the sesame seeds.  Alfredo sauce was rather watery.  Pizza had a good dough with plenty of residual flour on the crust, but sauce was thin and I was surprised to read that their cheese is "homemade Bufala".  Sauce flavor, however, was good on the manicotti.  If I'm passing through and hungry then I would stop again, but won't adjust my travel plans to stop again.note: Location on yelp map doesn't seem correct.  It's on the main strip close to Dairy Queen.
4	So, there's not much to compare this to in Gila Bend, but I can compare it to places in San Diego, and I have to say - Damn Good!! Hubs and I couldn't agree on what to share so we ordered a lot of food. We ordered a pepperoni/black olive pizza, the cheese ravioli and special ordered (it wasn't on the menu) garlic cheese bread. The pizza was good - salty, but good. I'm a fan of NaCl so I was very happy with that. The ravioli were fat! The marina sauce was very good. But the garlic bread (add cheese) was phenomenal!!!! The best thing on the menu!!! Highly recommend that special order. Staff was sweet/funny. Favorite thing there? The foil on the windows because it's so f'n hot in Arizona. Why do people live there? Maybe it's for Little Italy?
4	We stopped by Little Italy on our way home from Laughlin, NV and I have to say this place was amazing.  We had the gourmet pizza, and aside from it being huge, the topping were fresh, the crust was awesome and the service was great.  If your travels ever take you to Gila Bend definitely stop by Little Italy.
3	Very good pizza, OK salad with the ambiance you'd expect in a desert town.  Wish they had espresso drinks.  Very extensive menu. We'll try Little Italy again.
4	Had to go to Gila Bend for something and while we were there decided to stop and get something to eat.  Stopped at this restaurant and we're glad we did.  We ordered the large meat lovers calzone and wings to split.  The pizza dough they use for the crust is very good.  Nice flavor, slight crispness and not doughy.  I'm very particular about my wings and when I verified that they fried their wings we ordered some and we were pleased with them as well.  They made them as we requested, slightly crispy, because there's nothing worse than a soggy skinned wing that's like chewing on a piece of rubber.  Our server, can't recall her name, was very friendly and always checking back with us to see if we needed anything.  There was a group of men a couple of tables away that ordered pizza that looked awesome.  Another table ordered spaghetti with meat sauce and what I think was a very large looking burger with fries, which they had the same idea as us, split to share.  The serving of spaghetti with meat sauce was a nice size serving as well.  Another patron ordered dessert which, according to the server, was a spimoni cake.  It looked really good too.  If you are ever going thru or visiting Gila Bend for any reason, I would suggest that you stop here.
4	Stopped on the recommendation of a local and the reviews on Yelp.  Shared a garden salad which was fresh and crisp and then we had a thin crust pizza which was outstanding.  Place was pretty empty at 7pm on a Friday night.  But they had red wine and we were happy campers.  Would certainly eat there again.
5	Pretty good, we had pizza and alfredo pasta and lasagna between the three of us and it was all good!
5	You know.. I have driven by this place for years and have never stopped. Our little guy was hungry and I was pleasantly surprised! The chicken pesto was fresh anf tastey, the staff SUPER friendly. The eggplant sandwich had fresh baked bread and eggplant.....great stuff! I will never do bk or mcdonalds again in gila bend!
5	What a surprise.  Who would have thought a place like this would be found in Gila Bend?   Crazy good pizza.  My 5 star rating is for the pizza only.  I did not have anything else, but everything else looked great that my family was having.  Service was great, place was clean and the staff was super friendly.  I will make sure and go back to this place on my trips to San Diego and recommend it highly for anyone else in the area or driving through.
4	This place has great pizza. I have been there twice while passing through Gila Bend. The place is clean and uncramped. Service is good and friendly.
4	Based on other reviews by yelpers, we stopped in to the Little Italy restaurant on our way home to San Diego from Tucson and were very happy. By using yelp, we were able to call the restaurant when we were approximately 6 miles out from the exit. By the time we had paid for our food, and used the very clean restrooms, our food was ready.We took our sandwiches to go so that we could continue on our way. The eggplant Parmesan and chicken Parmesan sandwiches were on homemade rolls and both were delicious. One half of the large sandwich would've been plenty but we shared a third half together and still have leftovers. It was good road food and a nice change from the usual franchises along the freeways.
5	Dont let the interior (with its card tables and fake grape vines wrapped in blue Xmas lights) fool you. The food here was great!  Last time through Gila Bend we ate at the space ship place. Won't make that mistake again. The "gourmet pizza" with house made mozzarella was really tasty - very fresh tomato-y and good crust. The waitress said she gets the Penne Boscialo when she eats here - ham, mushrooms, meat sauce mixed with Alfredo - so I got that and it was great!  My husband got the wings and said they were good but "not that spicy". We will be back!
5	I stayed at the Motel right across the street from this restaurant when I stayed in Gila Bend. I had been driving all day through the hot desert and really wanted to kick back with a cold beer and some good food. Little Italy did not disappoint!! I got a large pizza that was AMAZING!! Plus the service was great too. Fast and friendly.
3	Based on Yelp reviews I dined here for dinner while passing through.  It's clean and well lit.  While I wouldn't choose this place for ambiance per se, that's not what I was looking for, I was looking for good food and I found it.  I ordered a penne pasta with Salmon which had excellent flavor.  The bread was a sesame seed roll and was quite tasty.  The salad was a bit wilted and the Italian dressing was horrible.  It was a very thick, viscuous very commercial tasting blob.  Based on reviews I would have expected something much better.  This would not stop me fromr returning, I just wouldn't have that dressing again.  Great place to stop.  My waitress was no-nonsense and mostly efficient though I felt she could have checked in more for refills and I ended up asking another waitress for my check because my waitress disappeared.  Still worth stopping!
3	The way it was talked up, I was expecting great pizza.   What I got was good, not great.   It has a wide variety of options, chicken wings were not bad either.
4	we had pizza here recently.  Very good.  Crispy crust, excellent sausage.  Service was good also.  Limited wine selection.
5	After a long, frustrating day trying to get our RV serviced in Tucson, we made it to Gila Bend around 6 pm and went to Little Italy with our friends. We were tired, but the food and service here cheered us up right away. Three of us had Chicken Marsala. The two women took half of it home for another meal since it was such a plentiful amount, and all of us enjoyed it immensely. The 4th person had Chicken Parmesan and rated it yummy as well. Service was prompt and just often enough that we didn't have to ask for more water or anything else, but not so often that we couldn't enjoy conversation. Highly Recommended!
4	Driving to Yuma and stopped based on the yelp reviews. Was worth the stop. Pizza and the calzone were very good. If you find yourself in the desert on I8 and need food I can recommend this eatery. Now the service could be slow depending on how many people are working.  The staff was very friendly and lots of local were eating dinner.  Knew we had found a good place to take a break.  Worth the stop when you are in Gila Bend.
3	Was in Gila Bend for work and figured we'd give it a try for lunch.  The pizza crust was good and had a crunch to it, the pepperoni and cheese also were very good quality and taste. The sauce was very plain/bland though, had to use the crushed red pepper a lot.  We also got a dozen hot wings, very good taste and amount of meat, but they were more mild than hot.  The salad was very good with quality vegetables and good dressing.Overall, it was pretty good but defiantly very overpriced
5	Excellent food GREAT portions good service and a nice atmosphere. All around great food. The Calzone's are good and VERY large.
4	Stopped here for the first time earlier tonight (we drive through Gila Bend all the time on our way to Yuma). Grabbed a medium cheese pizza because I'm currently pregnant and was craving some delicious pizza! Not cheap or pizza hut type stuff. Man did it hit the spot! $10 for a medium pizza and they made it quickly to where we weren't waiting long at all. Staff was friendly despite the fact that they were a bit busy they still made time for us to go folks. =)
5	Best pizza I've ever had, stayed in Gila Bend (unfortunately) for a 16 day gunnery.  Went to little Italy for most dinner meals and every time the quality was the same.  If you have to be in Gila bend this is the place to eat. My favorite is a large pizza with pepperoni and sausage.  The wings are not bad either, but the eggplant was a NoGo.
4	Pleasantly surprised! You never know what you're going to get when you hop off the interstate for a meal. We had their "gourmet" pizza which they were kind enough to "half" with plain cheese for the kids. And their grilled Caesar salad was really good too. Lots of chicken!I'd recommend this place for the road warriors, and we'd come again!
4	It was good pizza.. Clean &  bright.  Remember to check that they apply the coupon! P
3	We stopped in here on the way to Tempe. The staff was all very nice but not especially helpful when I asked about the size of salads or the wine. The fresh bread is very good. The tossed salad was mediocre and still wet, but at least I knew it was clean. The pizza was fine, nothing special. It was quite cheesy and I did take a little of it off. The fettuccini alla shrimp was ok.I'd eat here again if passing thru and was hungry.
4	Interesting hole in the wall in the ultimate hole in the wall little town. I had pizza and it was pretty decent, though the crust was a bit thicker than I'd prefer on a thin-crust pizza, but that's a minor quibble. My girl had an eggplant parmesan sandwich that looked terrific and she loved it. Old, low-rent surroundings, but good, friendly service, spotless restrooms, and good food. Would do it again.
4	Great pizza, with generous toppings. The crust is flavorful. Pasta allla shrimp was also delicious, creamy with great garlic flavor and delicious little shrimp. The dinner roll was not great- room for improvement. Very friendly people. This is a solid Italian restaurant, and a great place for a meal.
4	Second time we've made it here.  Best reason to visit Gila Bend. Had the pizza, it was great, had the spaghetti with meat sauce and they let me have sausage instead of meat balls.  worth the break from the highway during the desert drive.
4	My family and I stopped into Little Italy in Gila Bend while driving from San Diego to Tucson and we could not have been more pleased.Gila Bend is a tiny little town that perpetually feels like it is moments away from completely falling apart.  There are only a handful of restaurants on the main road and it seems like half of the storefronts have been shuttered for years.  Little Italy stands out from this backdrop.The owner is a rotund Italian woman who clearly likes the food she makes.  She is heartily friendly and utterly honest.  When asked about the business she said "My food, it's always good.  Always consistent.  Consistently good."The wait staff were friendly and accommodating.  Be prepared to wait for your food as the menu explains that each item is prepared to order so patience is appreciated.I will definitely be visiting Little Italy every time I find myself in Gila Bend and I recommend you try it too!
4	My husband wanted to share a pasta entree but the only one that piqued my interest was the sausage and mushroom penne in Alfredo sauce, BUT, I don't eat cream sauces. I asked if they could make it in olive oil and garlic and it was great!!  The cook added some red pepper flakes and we added a little Parmesan on top to make it just right!!  Waitresses were very nice and friendly. Nice little pearl of a restaurant and very accommodating!!
4	The Gourmet Pizza was excellent, especially the crust.  Found this establishment using Yelp and RoadTrippers during our journey to San Diego. Glad we stopped in to eat.
5	Service was welcoming and great.  The food was cooked just like it's supposed to be. Stop and eat here!
5	What a great restaurant!  Everyone who works there is so nice.  My husband and I are moving cross country, and out moving truck broke down. We had to stay in Gila Bend for an extra day to move all our stuff to a new truck, so we were so hungry by dinner time. I found this place on yelp, and it did not disappoint. You get so much food, and it is all yummy!  The owner/manager (not sure who she was...Very nice lady) gave us some free pizza slices and wished us good luck with the rest of our trip.  Made my day :c)
5	So yummy!  Very friendly family place, easy to bring the little kids.  Crust on the pizza is amazing!
5	We had a wonderful Philly Steak sandwich here yesterday.  The roll is home made out of pizza dough - DELICIOUS!I have eaten here quite a few times and as a matter of fact plan our trips to be near Gila Bend around meal time.Try the lasagna or the manicotti - they are simple the best I've ever eaten.  The Antipasto Salad is a great appetizer, lunch dish also.The people I have talked to in the restaurant say the pizzas are pure heaven.Service is great. Friendly and quick.
