4	What a great addition to the Belmont group of small businesses!  The popcorn is AMAZING.  They will let you sample anything you want, and they have tons of flavors.  Only place like it that I can find in the area.  Friendly staff, awesome product.  You can tell it is fresh, also, because I could see the guy making the popcorn coming in and out of the kitchen with fresh batches while I was there.  The only reason I didn't give them 5 stars is that the shop could be cuter and they could have a better selection of pre-packaged baskets of stuff.  I'm sure once they start growing they'll work on that, though :)
4	At first I thought, whaaaat - a whole store devoted to gourmet popcorn in Belmont?? But the stuff is really good! They have every flavor you could think of and about 50 more you would never consider. I think they said one of their most popular favors was dill pickle for example. Personally I was a big fan of the cheddar cheese and the puppy chow versions. As someone who grew up eating those big tubs of flavored popcorn at Christmas, this is way better. Very fresh and flavorful. You can sample whatever looks interesting and they can make recommendations. We've talked to the owner, a really great guy who wants to sell a quality product.A suggestion - I think they would sell a lot more popcorn if they did a buy 3, get the 4th free kinda thing. And an expansion to online sales could really strengthen viability in the long run. But I'm no business person! I will now come here to get all my "smuggle" snacks for the movies.
5	This is a wonderful shop in cute downtown Belmont! The staff and owner are so friendly and wonderful and it is great that they let you sample flavors. They have so much to choose from and definitely something for everyone! The Carolina Mix is super yummy and the Dill Pickle is also awesome. This store is a great addition to Belmont. You can get great gifts here, as they have specialty tins for the popcorn, as well as hand made chocolates and other treats. Everything is super fresh! Their prices are very reasonable, too, compared to some other gourmet popcorn stores I have visited.
5	What a great place.  I purchased this years Valentines gifts here.   Diva"s mix was my favorite and the Chocolate covered Strawberries were great.
4	treats galore in this lilltle shop off the beaten path in Belmont . My fave's are the white chocolate cheesecake and dill pickle .  I will be using them for Christmas gifts
4	They've got quite the selection of tasty popcorn. The owner is passionate about his business. Given the dozens of flavors offered, I think they need to rethink the 2 sample policy. Perhaps a tasting fee which could be applied to one's purchase would prevent folks from getting a free bag of popcorn through sampling.
5	I love popcorn that's for sure and to have a place like that nearby is great. The only thing I don't like is the price. Yes it's good but it's so expensive that I don't go as much  anymore. Times are tough all over and the minimum price for a can of Popcorn was over $15. Cmon now it's just popcorn.
4	I tried out the popcorn at the Yelp event over the summer so when I was in Belmont, I took the opportunity to stop by and check out the whole experience.They allow each person to taste 2 flavors, with a 4 sample per family rule.  They had alot of interesting flavors, Dr Pepper popcorn?I got a small bag of the Sour Patch kids popcorn and they really packed it as full as it could get, which was nice.
5	I am hooked.....I don't even consider myself a big popcorn lover but I LOVE the idea and have been through several bags personally. My favorite so far is SALTY DOG and when I need a birthday present I try and pick a flavor the person would pick for themselves....have all been a hit so far. Employees are very attentive. There are over 200 flavor a and I intend to try most of them...
1	After recently moving from Dallas to Charlotte, this popcorn lover was excited to find a popcorn store nearby.  I drove 30 minutes with my 13 month old daughter and was planning to buy lots of popcorn for my family and some for friends.  I was a little disappointed in the popcorn because it tasted stale and wasn't of the quality I am used to with Uptown Popcorn that I went to in Dallas.  I was still going to buy some because we drove all this way but the kicker was when she wouldn't allow me to try another flavor.  You only get two samples, folks.  Seriously, when planning on buying 5 or 6 bags of different popcorn and not being allowed to taste the popcorn you are interested in buying....crazy, bad business.  I could not in good conscience buy any of the popcorn so we left empty handed and they lost a new customer, which judging by the location and empty store, they cannot afford to do.  She made it sound like it was a real treat to be able to taste any of their popcorn as other places do not let you taste at all.  I wondered if she could name a place that didn't.  I have gone to ice cream stores, popcorn places, etc.  When I go to Dean and Deluca or Whole Foods and am allowed to try anything I want as many times as I want, I am reminded of good customer service and a way to run a business.  We are talking about popcorn, 2 or 3 kernels tops, I really don't think it is breaking the bank to let your customers try the popcorn.  I would rethink your business plan, Tastebuds Popcorn!  Bottom line, popcorn not great and service even worse.
5	Over 200 flavors + Gourmet popcorn. Why yes...I'm in heaven. Just returned after purchasing 8 flavorful bags of popcorn (Sour Patch, Cake Batter, Skittles, Chocolate Cashew, Hot Cocoa, Sundrop, Pink Lemonade and Salty Dog) and it will make the football game and movie oh so much better. It is a very nice store front and the ladies working inside are friendly and informative. Had a fun time just looking at all the varieties of flavor. Tastebuds allows you to sample 2 flavors, so choose wisely. They also offer custom wedding favors and help with fundraising.We will definitely be repeat customers.
2	I was excited about visiting Tastebuds Popcorn. I was very disappointed with the quality of the popcorn. I don't care about them having lots of favors since I just like a good cheddar and caramel mix. The popcorn was not fresh and there were lots of broken kernels when they scooped it out of the plastic containers. The caramel was ok, not great, just ok. The cheddar was awful, small broken kernels with barely a hint of cheddar flavoring and very bland. I don't mind paying for good popcorn but Tasebuds falls way short of delivering a quality product. I gave it a 2 star rating because the staff was very kind. The popcorn gets one star. Garrett set the standard --these folks have fallen way short of that mark. If they step up their product I will give it another try.Garrett and Pittsburgh Popcorn Company have awesome popcorn. Who wouldn't buy loads of popcorn when you can see them making it and smell the aroma in the air? And they don't skimp on the flavor/coatings.Stale popcorn in plastic containers? You gotta be kidding me....
5	I really enjoyed this place! It was awesome to see a wall and a half full of different flavors of popcorn! Some people may think it's pricey but I think it's worth it for a little special treat for yourself :) I had the Carolina Mix (carmel corn and cheese)..sweet and salty my fav!! My friend had the loaded baked potato. Both were delicious! Definitely worth it...once in awhile :)
4	Amazing selection of popcorn flavors.  A bit pricy, with medium bags costing between $5.50 and $13.95...but worth it!
