1	I drive by the mesa location on a daily basis on my way to work. I was curious so I decided to look at the American Laser website and I then entered a contest that was being promoted online. A few weeks later I received a phone call saying I had won $400 towards a package so I was scheduled for a consultation. I was excited as I never win anything but come to find out it is just a scheme to get you in the door. My main area of concern is acne scarring/large pores which I communicated with the manager I met with during the consultation. She was ultra confident and overly optimistic about my skin complaints. She said I would definitely get the results I was seeking. She confidently signed me up for 4 ematrix treatments followed by photofacials with microdermabrasion and I signed the contract. I walked out of the consultation spending over 3 grand and don't know how it happened? My husband was waiting in the car and he was shocked that I signed something and spent so much money without talking to him about it. I have never done something like that and was a fool! I have since had the 4 ematrix sessions done on my face and have seen no difference in my scars or pore size. I then got pregnant for the first time so have been unable to complete the photo-facials/micros. but did pay over 3 thousand dollars. I plan on receiving the rest of the treatment because I paid for it. I don't know how I could be that stupid and that quick to sign a contract without doing research or reading reviews. I am still disappointed in myself but I did learn a lesson at a big expense and little results. The manager the talked me into all of this was terminated but that doesn't change the amount of money I spent. Come to find out you can get ematrix treatments for $195 or C02 Fractional Laser treatments for $995 at the National Laser Institute in Scottsdale. I was a fool!
1	I "won" a $300 credit for this place and then paid another $200 or so and went for  treatments here for two years. I am here to tell you IT DID NOT WORK! Was a waste of time and money and energy. All they were treating was my upper lip area and I still have lots of hair growing there now. Then they contacted me years later to come back and I told them to shove it!
1	I wouldn't even give them 1 star. I bought a facial laser hair removal package. Before I could even get my first treatment, my doctor put me on meds that made it to where I couldn't get the treatments. They said they would hold it. I went in after I changed the meds, but they had since changed management and couldn't find my paperwork. They did agree to honor the package I bought. I went on twice, then called for 3 weeks to set up an appointment but nobody answered the phone. I left numerous messages, but never received a call back. Now because you have to shave the area that is getting the laser treatment, my facial hair is a million times worse . Thanks for nothing!
