4	I didn't see half of any particularly interesting flavors I thought this place was going to be special first one in AZ and all! Their aren't any in CA either. Maybe my expectation's are too high?!?! Their website had me checking daily to see if they were open, they were a month late on their announced opening. They cater which is cool. You can mix flavors of course. I had cookie dough its so my weakness it was good I didn't have an "O" moment or anything. The staff was friendly and you can taste your heart out. It will be my duty to go back and have the Tiramis next time but Paciugo you let me down and now I frown. Maybe you cater these better flavors???   Mamma Mia Apple PieSweet Corn Thorntree HoneyMascarpone Chocolate RumSweet Potato Organic Maple SyrupMediterranean Sea Salt CaramelChocolate JalapeoDiSaronno Amaretto Soy
3	Hmmm ever eat some cool treat and suddenly realize your treat tasted like cold not a flavor ..like a swirly deserty yogurt maybe? I have tried Paciugo twice once alone and once with my kids.  Loved the variety available although it seems a bit pricey at 3.99 for a medium . Tonight with kids we all had mediums which was fine because we did not really adore our gelato. Flavors tonight seemed to have okay names like Panna Cota wedding cake , Turtle Cheesecake,  Monkey business, Peanut Butter ( eww creative)  but after starting to eat it , it seemed the taste did not shine through. My mouth began to not register flavors just cold.  Hmmm.Now will I go back , sure .  I love a cold treat and this place is right by Harkins Norterra. I will be back just cuz.  But with dippin dots right there as well and a yogurt place they may miss out on some business with their high prices and unmemorable flavors.
5	I was amazed at some of these reviews. I never realized that a name can make Gelato taste better. I have had one experience where someone in my party wasn't really liking their Gelato. The manager came out right away, went back and tasted it himself, agreed it wasn't up to par and gave the person in my party a gift card and apologized. I'm a fan of yummy old-school Thrifty ice cream and Paciugo. I find the flavors to be rich and the Wedding Cake just kills me. I think the best way I can describe the taste is beautiful. It's creamy, rich and a sin to eat!
3	Paciguo Gelato has been closed since Nov 2009 at Norterra.
5	BEST GELATO EVER.  SEA SALT CARAMEL + CHOCOLATE and you're talking a possible rival to Urban Cookies.  I don't say things like this lightly.  Have you ever tasted cold?? O' come on!  It's comments like that that will keep baskin robbins / cold stone  on the "this is the shiz-nit!" list but keep places as awesome as Paciugo on the "my tastebuds are too retarded to enjoy something good, so I won't go here" list.  The mob cries for it's bland crappy ice cream and flocks to places like Dariy Queen to get it's fix.  What a shame (though I can appreciate the business aspect) that the Walmart's of ice cream get top billing while the Apple's of ice cream get the wiener in the bum. (insert gay joke here)Damn I loved this place.
