4	Good hand-tossed pizza. They have a couple of tables but are more of a delivery or take-out place. Good value, and even more affordable if you take advantage of their specials or coupons.
1	I wish my experiences with this restaurant were like the other reviewers. I had my food delivered. I had a small peporoni pizza and a philly combo sandwich. Since my order was over $15 I received a complimentary slice of cake (I picked lemon). I couldn't get past a couple of bites of the sandwich or the pizza!!!. If you like salt then you can't go wrong with this place!! If you can imagine eating a salt sandwich or a salt slice of pizza you have experienced what I experienced when I ate the food from here!! I will give them a "decent" (meaning digestible) rating on the fries and cake, otherwise this place gets a thumbs down with Shaquille Oneal's hands!!!...lol..Horrfible!!!...However, the delivery was fast!!!. But even that was flawed as he didn't have his charge card machine and I had to call in my credit card info outside of my apt bldg. for all the world to hear!!!...lol..Thank God my credit limit is extraordinarily low on the card I used, or I would have had to worry about I.d. scammers besides an upset stomach with what little I did "manage" to swalow!! ...lol..proceed at your own risk!!!...lol
3	This pizza spot is located in a shady strip mall on East Charleston. Now, you may want to reconsider actually going into this place, but my husband and I did on a Saturday afternoon as we were headed home from shopping.Me: "Look, that kid has a pizza. Pizza sounds good." (Kid was walking down the street with a pizza box)Husband: "I bet he got it from that pizza place right there."Me: "You want to get pizza? I'm hungry."Husband: "Okay." (Pulls into shady strip mall)WELL, basically that's how it went. We entered this tiny storefront, which has two small tables, and a tiny bar area. This place is obviously mainly for pick-up or delivery. We ordered a medium one-topping ($5.99). They charge a .50 cent fee for running a debit or credit card by the way.As for the pizza - it reminded me of Chuck E Cheese pizza. They use the really stringy cheese, so when you pull away from the pizza you get that seriously cartoonish looking style of eating pizza a la Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles. The sauce is obviously from some cans and I can guarantee you none of this stuff is fresh. But for $5.99 what do you expect? It's OK. Would I go out of my way to eat here again? No. But was it good for an unexpected splurge? Yes.
1	If you could have negative stars for a review, I would leap for the opportunity. Not only does the pizza taste like an easy bake oven recipe, but their customer service was less than satisfying! i would rather get a cheese pizza from Chuck E. Cheese, pay less money and still go for a second slice, and i can't stand Chuck E. Cheese. We ordered for delivery and it was a quick time, I mean, they're only down the street, but when i sunk my teeth in i wasn't pleased. I called them back, to try and get a refund, but the guy said, " It's just pizza, what do you expect?" what kind of customer service is that? If you live on the east side of Charleston, go to Pop-Up-pizza (707-366-0049.) In no way is this some kind of advertisement for Pop-Up, but since we live on E. Charleston, there are few places that will deliver ANYTHING over here. Its way better than anyone would expect,gourmet style pizza and a great price. Palm Pizza not only had poor quality food, but un-respectable customer service as well.
1	Dear YELP please hurry up and make ZERO stars be an option.If you like cardboard drizzled in cheap sauce, cheap cheese (generic brand tasting), and burnt TINY pepperonis. You have found the right place. I hate to say but this pizza is nasty there is no pride in their pizza making at all.Second your drivers RUDE the driver insulted my friend by asking if she was a man. WTF what employee does that? It goes to show there professionalism and work ethic is just as good as their pizza. So moral of the story if you like week old fresh out the freezer box tasting pizza with a side of disrespect from a minimum wage driver you are in the right place.Enjoy.
4	My girlfriend and I were visiting Vegas and we drove past this joint. We decided to stop and check it out. I asked the guy to give me the best thing on the menu and he made a Philly Cheesesteak 14" pizza for us. I wasn't expecting much because the place is a little ghetto and run down but it was really good. My girlfriend thinks the same. Good stuff.
2	Pizza was all bread they skimped on cheese, sauce and toppings, crust was good though
4	Is very good
2	Great deals and okay pizza also got my order wrong when they came by I didn't mind that much also didn't get chocolate cake and one of the pizzas did not have cheese on tomato sauce and meatballs
1	Do NOT order from Palm Pizza.I ordered lunch through Eat24 with Palm Pizza and was quoted 45-60 minutes. After 75 minutes Eat24 called the restaurant and they were told that the driver had ALREADY LEFT and was en route to my office. 45 minutes later I had still not received the food so I reached out to Eat24 and they contacted Palm Pizza. They were informed that the restaurant had lost my order... TWICE and that they could have it to me in another 45-60 minutes!Needless to say I declined their offer, Eat24 issued a full refund and and encouraged Eat24 to cancel their contract with Palm Pizza since their customer service is so grossly substandard.Ridiculous...
5	By far the fastest pizza delivery service I've had in years and I tried three of em in the last week's or so including phut, dnoz and pjohn.. I love pizza and I can eat it all day long.  I ordered at 2:50 pm today and I got my order 35 mins after and that's fast the time they told me was 45 mins and I got it 10 mins early... I ordered their biggest pizza 24" with 20 wings and a soda for a cheap price but the food was very good. I also tried their Philly cheese steak sandwich and ham and cheese sandwich with fries and it was good. I gave the driver $5 tip just for being fast and greeting me, other drivers don't but I still give tip anyways... next time I will give the driver $10 if he brings my food fast because I'm hungry...lolz   that is why I ordered for fast good food.... no time to cook.. they also have a lot to choose from just ask the person that answers the phone for what else they got if your not into pizza.. coupon, coupon, coupon means discounts and they have a lot of those they will even honor coupons from their competitors! Seriously just ask.
