4	While I've never bought a bike from them (they have a sexy collection of the latest Trek's), I often stop by for some quick repair.  Reasonable, fast, and downtown, Machinery Row is my go-to for repair.  While the repair staff is on the stand-offish side, they clearly know what they're doing.
4	I dropped by today for my road bike tune-up. The front derailer was slightly misaligned and was causing the chain to come off when I tried to switch the gears. As soon as I popped in at the shop counter, and was immediately helped by one of the shop guys. 10 minutes later, the tune was done and the bike was ready to go. I also picked up a LED light and was all set for a smooth checkout. The cost of the derailer adjustment  and the service was $15. I went for a short ride in the afternoon. My bike felt so good,  and the derailer problem was gone. Yeay.
5	I would have appreciated slightly better customer service but everyone else is as entitled to his attitudes as I am mine.  To be specific, I needed to get a quick bit of work done on a bike before taking it on a trip.  Now, I understand the purpose of a queue for service.  But is it really not possible to pay more to get it done faster if it has to be?  Such an "I actually do need this in two days, beyond that is too late" situation is relatively rare, and it seems like an appropriate time for flexibility - "it will cost you double but we can move you ahead of the line."  In as much as the first-come-first-serve is important, I agree, hence why you pay more.  Others in the line probably won't be too upset, because the circumstances are understandable.
3	Went to Machinery Row a few times for bike needs, until I finally got tired of their snarky/standoff-ish repair people. Until that time, it seemed like a relatively good bike shop for sales, repair, etc. But Madison is a biking town, there's a number of other bike shops, and I've been going to Willy Street Bikes on East Wash for a couple years now and have been quite satisfied. Can't think of any good reason to go back to Machinery Row ...
4	Yeah! This might be my favorite bike shop ever. At least for gear. They carry a ton of stuff, including lots of girls biking clothes. Love being able to see so many options in one place. And it seems to range from entry level to pro.
1	I honestly don't get how this shop is still in business when there are so many better (if less sexy) bike shops in the downtown area. Last year, I took my bike (an old Trek hybrid in good shape) in for a simple tuneup and it took them nearly 3 weeks to complete it (compare 2 hours at Old Towne Cycle on Johnson). Earlier today, I was riding down Wilson St and hit a pothole that shredded my front tire. Since I was right across the street, I took it in. Since the air pump outside was broken, I took it inside. One of the techs convinced me I needed a new tire and charged me $15 for a used tire and labor. Not 2 minutes into riding it on the bike trail, it went completely flat again. I'm not sure whether he forgot to inflate it, didn't attach the new tire properly, or actually replaced the rear tire instead of the front one, but I sure won't return to Machinery Row to figure it out.
5	There are different types of nerds in this world.  You have the computer nerds, the science nerds, the band nerds, etc.  One hybrid nerd are the outdoorsy nerds, part geek...part druid.  Within this sub group are the bike nerds...people who just live for biking, know everything about it, and talk to you about the intricacies of bike design and construction.  During these talks, you'll most likely want to crush a cyanide pill and end it all, as the glassy eyed, non-blinking sermon will just continue ad nauseum.However, before you decide to check out, know that you are in the presence of passion.  These folks know bikes, they love bikes, they ride bikes, and they are most likely married to bikes (hey you sexy Trek...can I blow up your tires tonight...how about we grind some gears...maybe after we go for a spin....).  They set me up with a nice touring bike rental, impeccably maintained, and sized appropriately.  They also gave me a map for doing the loop around lake Monona, a 12mi ride that is challenging but also beautiful.The shop has hundreds of bikes and accessories all over, and I even saw a $20,000 custom bike there.  Everything you could possibly want to complete your bike gestalt is here.As someone who works out everyday, and is an unabashed gym rat, I sensed a strong pull towards getting into regular biking after these jaunts.  Give me a few months to learn the jargon, and I'll wax eloquently on the virtues of biking.  Just please pretend to listen and don't kill yourself.
4	My bike ride on 8/3 ended up with a rear flat tire.  I watched some YouTube videos and decided I could fix it myself.  Went to Machinery Row Bicycles and bought a tube.  I did a nice job with the flat, but messed up my rear brakes (rookie mistake).  Took my bike in on 8/4 and explained my situation.  The repairman put my bike in the air and fixed it within minutes.  He had the proper tools and experience.  He didn't charge me anything.  Could it have been my Yelp bell he noticed (thanks for the Yelp schwag Corey!)?  Regardless, I was very happy, thankful, and put some love in the tip jar.
5	Was there over the weekend training for Ironman Wisconsin and my wife had an issue with her rear deraileur and I had an issue with my saddle.  Dropped in unannounced and were promptly sent to the rear of the store to explain our issue with one of the available mechanics. The guy who took care of us (Nate) spotted within 5 seconds that my wife's chain was on backwards which could have been a cause of her poor shifting. He kindly cleaned the chain before putting it back on correctly, adjusted her cable tension and deraileur hanger, leveled my seat and also changed the battery on my powertap. This took maybe 20 minutes and the bill was only $35!!!! It's nice to see a group of people that only care about whether or not you're able to be out on your bike, enjoying it and not worry about your bikes performance.
2	I went in with a rear flat. I knew the wheel wall was damaged so I was expecting I'd need to replace it. They offered to do what they could with the existing wheel to get the tire inflated (the advisability of which I lacked the expertise to weigh,) or to replace the whole wheel for twice as much as I'd been quoted elsewhere. At the quoted price for the cheap fix, I opted in because it seemed worthwhile. Then the actual cost of the service was twice the quote and the repair only lasted a couple days. Total waste of too much money; there's no way I'll be back for service any time soon.
4	Good work, fair prices, friendly people.
3	I've been into this store probably a dozen times or so over the past year. I'm torn.+ Awesome selection of bikes, gear, clothing, accessories, nutrition - you name it, they have it- Prices are typically MSRP; a few sales from time-to-time+ Fairly easy to navigate the space- Cashiers are usually a bit aloof; give-off that "too cool" vibe more often than not+ Mechanics have been friendly and super helpful+ Service fees are reasonableI think my biggest beef is that the store is just sort of "there." It doesn't wow me much; the prices aren't enticing; the staff isn't super awesome (generally)... so, I'd rather buy from people or places that excite me a bit more. Even more odd - I went in to buy a Bicycle Benefits sticker and was surprised to learn they don't sell them or honor them. Of all the places I'd think would, a bike shop is near the top of my list.Edit: Cool - thanks for the info about BB - I was mistakenly under the impression that they supported Bike Fed and vice-versa. This is good info - much appreciated!
5	Fixed my bike for free to adjust my tires. Very courteous and helpful. Really big selection too.
5	I am a total bicycle newbie and finally decided to buy my first bike. I did some research on the Internet, so I had a fair idea of what I wanted. When I went in, the staff was so incredibly helpful and worked with me on my level. I worked with Hana, and she was great about teaching me about the different bikes, letting me try them out in the bike path outside and then helping me get the necessary accessories for me to get started. Before I left, my bike was tuned up and all my accessories attached. I was able to ride my bike home right out of the shop, which was awesome. I look forward to going back there for all my bicycle needs!!
3	Usually pretty busy and you can get lost in the shuffle and have to wait a bit to get service. Good selection of bikes. They benefit from their location right on the trail so you can easily take a bike for a quick test ride in a safe and enjoyable environment. Try to get to one of their sales, otherwise it can be more pricey than Trek or Erik's.
4	I have recently bought two bikes here, one for my nine-year-old daughter and one for myself. We aren't bike experts and managed to screw up my daughter's rear brakes within days. They repaired it for free. The customer service was okay. They didn't spend much time with either of us (we bought her bike a week before we bought mine), but they seem to have a great selection and are very knowledgeable. However, being an out-of-shape newbie, I felt a little like I was dismissed because I am not an avid biker. The location, of course, is fantastic. There is a nice area to test ride and they are right on the Lake Monona loop.
5	My favorite Madison bike shop for the whole family. Great selection of bikes including Trek, Giant, Felt, etc. Offer decent prices and trade-ins when you're ready to upgrade. We last worked with Scott who was knowledgable and helpful. He even stayed open late to help us.
2	This review is for their bike rentals. We rented 2 bikes to ride around the lake. You pay for a day $30 per bike...even though we just needed it for an hour or so it was still $30. So...the good news if you want it for the whole day, it is an okay deal, but if you want it just for a short time, it really isn't a good deal at all. Service was below average. We had to wait quite awhile to get them and then upon returning them we barely got a "nod" acknowledging us. Next time I will just have to bring my bike with me! :)
