2	The McDonald's equivalent of Greek/Mediterranean food. Everything about this place oozed chain location. The lamb/beef was very salty, dry, and seemed like it had been sitting out in a heat lamp all day. The tzatziki sauce was a bit flavorless, as was the pita bread. Avoid this place if you like flavor, quality, and authenticity.
2	This place is decent if I got a craving for Gyros. Stay away from the Chicken Gyro though, that was not good at all. I dont think I would go back since I found one that was so much better in the Galleria mall in henderson. Kyklos is so much bettter.
2	Astoundingly expensive for the quality and authenticity.Look, if you've never been to a country where Gyros are served out of clapboard carts, you won't know what I mean when I say "THAT AIN'T NO GYRO!". There are always tons of people streaming in and out of this place, and a Gyro, Fries and Drink is ten bucks (!!) for just a totally un-authentic gyro meat.  Apparently nobody but me noticed. And what is *up* with the pretend "tzatziki". Could you *borrow* some garlic and dill from someone? Holy cow.The only reason this business gets two stars is because there are no undocumented workers (nee: illegal aliens) in sight...just high school kids. Blech. I tried really hard to like this place. I've eaten there at least a dozen times over the last couple of years. Always the same experience...except this last time. Apparently, they "lost" the nozzel to the Pepsi dispenser in someone's drink and one of the high school girls was walking around asking people if they were drinking Pepsi and would they look in the bottom of their cup. *(sigh)*
4	Wow the other reviews are pretty harsh.  We saw it when we drove by and decided to go in.Pros: Super clean, really friendly young man at the counter.  Really big portions.  So big, the three of us couldn't finish one order of fries after eating our sandwiches.Which brings me to the next PRO.  They have a Junior Gyro.  That was perfect for my 8 year old! And he is a gyro maniac.   $10 for lunch for good quality food is ok in my book.  The junior gyro is $4, and they got an extra star just for that. I hate having to pay adult price for an adult size meal.  My son loves to eat good healthy food, and after a 90 minute session at Sky Zone (look it up), he KILLED that gyro. Cons.  The tzaziki was a little on the thick side, and more sour creamy than yogurty.  It could have DEFINITELY used some garlic, dill, and yogurt.   The gyro didn't have any cucumbers in it, but it was full of tomatoes and onions.  I suppose if I had known, I would have simply asked for some.  The young man behind the counter was authentically friendly.
3	The meat was pretty good and filing. If you need a high calorie meal this is a good place. So far I cannot find a truely good GYRO in the west.
4	The grilled chicken Gyro was juicy and very flavorful. My only gripe is that the fries are WAY over priced at $2.25 for the amount of fries you get.Will do business again, but skip on the fries!.
1	If only it were possible to give zero stars..... Ugh......A zero is too generous. This place is really deserving of a negative number! So easily the worst gyro I have ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever had! It was actually some of the worst food that I have tasted period!!! That says a lot because I have had some REALLY BAD GRUB from all corners of the earth!The place was clean and the service was very friendly...... but the food? NASTAY!!!!!!! I had the gyro combo with a side of grilled zucchini and my friend had the felafel combo with fries. My meat was extremely dry and it didn't even come how the menu described it. The zucchini was obviously frozen and placed on the grill before defrosting. It was unseasoned and had the consistency of an uncooked piece of eel. Super tasteless and slimy! My friend's felafel was more like "feel awful"! It was extremely dry and tasteless as well. We also had what I guess was supposed to be hummus and tzatziki? EEEKKK! I have tasted soiled paper towels with more flavor and better mouth feel! Needless to say neither of us finished our food despite the fact that we were both extremely hungry prior to recieving our orders.It is really sad when the best thing at a "Greek" joint is the ketchup packet. The fact that they offered a "Barbecued Gyro" dressed with barbecue sauce and American cheese should have been our que to exit. If you are in the area, and you are dying of hunger......just go ahead and die! This place is the best endorsement for anorexia and bulimia that I have run across in a looooonnnnngggggg time! If Zeus were real, he'd send a lightening bolt to this joint tout suite!
3	Good. The hummus was really good. Close to Homemade. Not enough lamb flavor in the meat. Perhaps more mutton is needed. Good value.
4	I'm definitely coming back. ;)
1	All I have to say is Horrible .... Worst gyro I have had, pita was soggy meat was microwaved . Dog food tastes better... Sorry no stars neg 5...
2	Mediocre at best, but sometimes you just need a gyro.And if you're willing to eat a gyro with microwaved lamb meat, tasteless tzatsiki sauce and decent pita . . . well, it is possible to do a lot worse.
4	The best place in Vegas for gyros. I've had gyros in just about every place in town. Hands down this is the best.
3	Why do I remember Gyro Time as being the place to go? What has happened to the Gyro Time I remember on West Charleston that at this location is missing? Well for one no one is slicing your gyro meat anymore...microwaved? Is that what I saw? Anyway the place was clean....so clean that they at 2:00pm on Saturday afternoon they were scrubbing and mopping the floors with wet soapy (bleachy) water as food was being prepared and a place full of patrons. Not something I wanna hear or see when my food is being prepared. It must be nostalgia I remember - not the gyros. Easily forgettable.
2	What a disappointment. Good Memories of Gyro Time on W. Charleston have all faded. Gyro Time was once tasty. Now just serving overpriced calories with a bad attitude.
2	I don't always buy the hype, and try and give them all a try for myself, even if it's a bad hype.  This place is good when your near by and in a rush. Never busy, and quick enough. I would have given it a fair 3.6 stars if it was like 1/2 as cheap or twice the quality or quantity. This place would be the shit in Bridgeport Nebraska!
4	A lunch break spent at a nearby store brought me here, actually my second trip but for some reason it was closed the first time I tried.  I was really looking forward to a good Gyro  and they delivered.I got the chose the Gyro Time Sandwich.  The Original! Charbroiled mixture of beef & lamb mixed with a flavorful blend of spices. Sliced thin & wrapped in a grilled Pita bread with fresh tomatoes and onions.Served with a side of our famous creamy cucumber sauce.  It was delish defiantly took care of my craving!The in side is clean but a tight space they have outside seating as well for nice weather.  I will be back for my next craving!
3	So my family and I decided to try this place out on a lunch break one day and it was all right.  We've never been there before and the woman behind the counter didn't speak much at all.  I know we can all read and see what's on the board, but based on the pricing I had assumed there were combos.  So I ordered a turkey hummus sandwich and she typed it in and then just stared at me, so I asked if that came with any sides and she shook her head.  Having to order things individually kind of irritated me but the food was decent once we got it.  Hummus was decent, but certainly not the best I've had.  If you don't mind dealing with catatonic cashiers then the food should suffice for a quick lunch break meal.
4	This place is BUSY! Honestly the Gyros are really great here!If you are looking for a quick lunch. Definitely try this place.
3	Food is average and not too expensive, service is fast. Clean restaurant.
1	DO NOT EAT HERE!!! This place gave my husband food poising! He is violently ill! He ordered the gyro and I got the grilled chicken gyro. I feel fine, but his meal made him go to the hospital.   The health department needs to take a closer look at this restaurant's food handing procedures.  Again DO NOT EAT HERE.
5	Great tasty gyro ,sauce and fries.  No meal deals available.  Clean areas and very friendly staff!  Ice teas are very good quality also
2	So for the first thing wrong with this place, the food is expensive and they do not offer meal deals so if you want to get a gyro with fries and drink it will be over 10 bucks.  Now on to the food:  pretty awful.  The gyro meat was dry and really had no taste and the tzatziki sauce pretty much tasted like yogurt.  It, as well, had no taste.  The spanikopita was bland. If you want good gyros go to Yannis
3	This location is on Russell and Eastern in the McCarran Marketplace between Starbucks, Port of Subs and now in the process of building a new Chipotle right next to it. I came lunchtime and it got pretty busy around 1:30. This review is more of a 3.5 out of 5 but not quite a 4.We ordered the gyro time gyro (beef and lamb), the grilled chicken gyro, fries plus feta and one drink. They don't have combos, everything is ordered individually and it cost around $20. A little pricey but that's okay.Everything was fresh and had good sized portions. The fries were pretty large, you could definitely share them. Now onto the flavor. I don't want to say bland because it Did have good flavor but it needed a little "umpf ". Maybe they did that to appeal to a larger group of tastebuds.I feel like it would have been better if they put feta inside the gyros, maybe I'll try that next time. Each of the gyros came with a pretty big side of tzaziki sauce however, there was No tang to it at all. Very creamy and good texture but again I wish it had more "umpf ". Meat was tender but not softest I've had and the onions they put with the beef/lamb gyro were very sharp tasting, had to take a few out.Overall, if I was in the area and craving a gyro or craving something healthier than a burger I would definitely come here. It was good, and hit the spot, just not the best.
4	I enjoy this place ... It's one of my first gyros so therefore I compare to here ... The meat is always tasty their tzatziki sauce is delish and their Greek salad is huge and yummy as well plus comes with warm pita bread I once had an employee that irked me wrong and had a tift with but she is gone now .. I like to stop by for lunch pretty simple and fresh
2	Okay. Food is prepackaged frozen falafels. Don't have any tahini sauce. Very generic. Not worth the $7 a plate not including $2.25 for French fries.
5	We have been coming to all the Gyro time locations in Vegas since 1978 at the old store on Desert Inn! This has been one of our favorite restaurants ever since then ! If we know we will be on the west side of Vegas we go to the Charleston/ Decatur location, but most of the time we go to the Eastern & Russell store! The regular gyros are great! I do miss the little kids versions of the Gyro's, as they were just the right size if I wasn't too hungry ! I would love for them to bring those back!!! The staff / service is fine, but we come for the meat & the sauce which tastes so yummy! The fries are good too! We will keep coming back ! Sure wish they were open on Sundays for after church lunch, and wish they had a location closer to Henderson / Green Valley! Also they close at 8pm so that eliminates any late night gyro run ! In a 24 hour town like Vegas , they should try to cater  to the different shift workers!!!! Many a night a gyro sounds so good BUT they are closed!
4	Best Gyro I've ever had. Is a little pricey if you get a drink & fries. Usually I get the Original Gyro & share the fries with a friend since the basket is HUGE! The Original sandwich has Lamb & Beef in it. Yum. Tzarziki sauce is good! They get busy during lunch so expect to wait.
4	The cucumber sauce is normally mixed in the gyros in my experience. Here it was in a small container as a side, which in the big scheme of things it worked out just fine. The meat was tasty, but I love the taste of the lamb and beef blended together in this fashion. Service was super fast with a smile. Seems to cater to the take out crowd or the working crowd. We were here during the lunch hour though.
5	Get the gyro time! It is loaded with lamb and is so delicious with the Greek yogurt, onions, tomatoes, and hot sauce. Very satisfied!
5	Clean restaurant. Exceptionally clean bathroom. Delicious Greek salad! I'm hooked for life!  Friendly staff. Really nice place and consistently good quality.
3	This location is okay. The falafel sandwich was nothing amazing but it was filling and a bit too pricy. Their gyros are what you come for with this place. The baklava was very chewy and greasy too, very disappointing. Gyro time seems like a one trick pony.
4	There is something about there Gyros that I just crave.  I really like the smell when I enter the store.  The staff was very friendly and the service was fast.  While I don't go all of the time when I am craving a Gyro.  this is the place
5	Yesterday was my first time eating there and the grilled chicken gyro was excellent I recamend eating there every chance you get the food is AWSOME .....
4	TRIED SOMETHING NEWI recommend coming here and trying a gyro! It was my boyfriend's first time eating a gyro, and he really liked it. This place had delicious food! Their fries are amazing and fresh. My boyfriend tried the "Gyro Time" and I had the "Grilled Chicken". Everything tasted great.
