3	Vegas's only Gay Leather Bar.  But, I don't think I've ever seen anyone wearing any leather in there.Big wood tables and pool tables and the oldest bartenders in Vegas.  Whooo party.  See, the Buffalo is a 24 joint.  It's certainly where the queer riff raff hangs out when Gipsy shuts down for the night. It's the gay after hours.  Hmmmm.......after hours in a 24 hour town, Ironic, don't you think?The Buffalo is not without it's own unique charm.  And personally I've gotten into some trouble there myself.  And by "trouble" I mean drunken debauchery.  Whoooo party!
4	As a SF Bay Area guy... this Las Vegas bar is a cross between 440, Moby's, the Eagle, and the Lone Star (bars in SF)... But the guys here are much nicer and friendlier, and you get to meet an interesting group of gay guys from across america of all walks of life.  Between gulps and sips of beer, I met a guy who used to be in prison, a hot daddy stage actor from manhattan, a kindergarten teacher from winnipeg, a hot southwestern pai gow dealer, and a vegas bartender.  What a cool place to grab a beer, chat it up, play pool, and get a break from the madness of vegas.good atmosphere, nice dudes, no attitude, and a good time.
4	This bar is right around the corner from the Double Down and has pinball, pool, and some pretty awesome music, at least the couple times I've been there. Funny thing is every time I've been here, I ALWAYS run into people I know from other states who I haven't seen if forever. It's sort of like the Eagle Tavern in Seattle or the Lone Star in San Francisco if you need a reference to better known places in larger cities.
4	First and foremost this place has awesome drink prices! Most gay bars in town have watered down booze thats way overpriced, not the buffalo. The place is kind of small but they have a couple full size pool tables and some good seats to kick it. We use it as a starting point before going to piranha or one of the other places close by, since the buffalo is always open and is good to get a nice buzz going.  The crowed is really mixed, mostly average Joe type guys with the occasion creep, hottie, or queen that hangs out at gay bars.  The bartenders are cool and don't have the attitude like a lot of the big places. Parking can be a bitch around here  especially with paradise being a one way street if you get in past 11pm or so but if you drive around you will find a spot.
4	Hey hey hey, this place is one of my favorites!Why??I don't know!There's something special about old run down bars that gets to me.4 Stars for what it is.If you're from LA, just imagine a bigger Trunks.Why I like this place:- People are relaxed, down to earth and less pretentious.  It's easy to start a conversation- This place never closes, there is something going on even at 6am!- It has pool tables (most pool cues are broken though)- Nice background music- Good, strong, cheep drinks!- Older Bartender is nice, although don't start on the wrong foot!  Don't expect much of this place, but you will be very thankful for it at 3am when everything else dies! It's the perfect place to socialize with locals (who get a lil gossipy & have their own lil dramas within the small vegas circle).If you feel naughty, not finding anybody to "chill" with at piranha, The Buffalo will be your last stop so calculate your moves right or you'll stay stuck on gay.com or worst.Your right hand!So this place is great for young twinks who wanna get laid tonight or 70 year old transvestites who resembles a red neck with lipstick who are so drunk, they drool on the bar while struggling to get the next quarter into the slot machine which they spend their entire social security stamps on! Or if you just a visitor who wanna experience more of the local gay night scene.It has plenty of parking, juke box, and darts! No credit cards! Just ATM on the side.Buffalo is the reflection of real vegas life, it is nasty, dirty, exciting & adventures!You gotta be a special person to like those kinda of things. The Buffalo is the real deal, love it or hate it.Yalla Bye!
2	I went Saturday night after midnight and there were 8 people there. Something was going on over by the pool table and the bartender was surrley..Pro: Nice door guyNo coverCon:no peeps on a Saturday night
3	Good crowd Saturday night, but the rest of the week it was sparse.  Enjoyed playing darts and pool, drinks were reasonable, but bartenders were not very engaging.  Parking was awful.
3	This place isn't trying to be anything that it's not. Old?        Check.Dirty?      Check.Creepy? Check.Love it?  Check.Never did I think I would play darts til' 8 in the morning and actually have a good time.  Nice over pour from the bartenders as well, thank god I made it home alive.
4	What a great place!!  Cool crowd, good music, and cheap drinks! And it was a nice change from the Strip!
4	I've been known to stumble into any old random place in Las Vegas when I get sick of the sound of constant slots. I was strolling around and found this bar. Kind of a dive-Western-Cowboy-Queer, etc theme. I am not a gay Cowboy but the folks sure were friendly, the beer flowed freely and it's a nice locals bar. They welcome anyone it seems except for hipster assholes. There's places like the Palms make for those holier then thou a--holes. So die hipster scum - anyone else stop by! p.s. probably shouldn't wander around this hood at night.
4	Yayyyy, def the place to go to BEFORE you go clubbing (gay or straight). The drinks are super SUPER cheap.Just last night we ordered 3 drinks along with 3 shots and it only came to $35.And along with the cheap drinks, the bartenders and heavy handed =) Which is always great in this "expensive-drinks" city.Overall, it's just a good spot for pre-craziness or just to chill since they have pool tables and darts in there!
4	Nothing like a bunch of lost straight dudes walking into a gay bar to ask for directions in a part of town they really have no business being in.Friendly place, gave us directions and sent us on our way. Looked like a decent bar and a good crowd.
5	Happy hour front 4-7 daily I think. Cheap drinks and pool tables Tom and David will take care of players no matter how much you gamble this place rocks
4	Not a bad joint...I'm a sucker for dive bars where you can meet unpretentious people from all over and perhaps even have a decent time without spending a bunch of money.I always make sure to stop here for Beer Bust...$5 for the all the beer you can drink before 1am on Friday nights, I think it was.The bouncer was a real handsome bear who was real friendly (I know that's his job, but still). He remembered my name from the last time I visited (3-4 months before), so that's always a bonus in my book.Lots of room to chill, drink, and play darts. The VP payouts were pretty decent, too.
4	Its an awesome dive bar, the bartenders are thee best, rude-bear-cowboys ill call em. They don't care to be nice or kiss your ass WHY because they don't give a shit. Its a huge place, lots of room.
3	An unpretentious, good ole' fashion bar that provides drinks, pool tables, and a place to just socialize with your friends. The only thing missing is a mechanical bull and chicken wings. They blast gay club mixes all night. And it attracts a diverse crowd of chubby lonely gays, twinks, bears, old-timers, and fag hags. Just to refute the idea it's a bear bar. (If you don't know what bear, twink, fag hag is, I'm not telling you. Urbandictionary.com) So it's all inclusive, y''all. They have drink specials on the daily and is a good pre-drink if you're going to the club across the street. However, smoking is permitted and you leave smelling like an ashtray. It does have that old Vegas vintage feel, I guess. But with the lack of options for Las Vegas gays to visit, I can't really complain too much.
4	I was at the Buffalo 3 times this past week while on vacation in Vegas.  My Bartenders were Heath and Jose.  Both did a great job keeping me entertained.  Jose was especially kind making sure I got home safe the first night when I had too much to drink.  The Buffalo is a great example of how Gay Bars make people feel welcome (Old School Style.)  The drinks were very strong and very well priced.  Don't miss this landmark on your LV trip!
3	If you're looking for a cheap drink in the midst of the Fruit Loop, the Buffalo is your place.  This place is spacious and loud enough to enjoy the music, but also quiet enough to enjoy the company around you.  The drinks are super cheap and super strong, so if you're looking to get drunk fast, then come down.  I don't quite get the ambiance.  I know they are trying to be a "bear bar dive," but I think it's way past the dive aspect.   First you have a bar with chairs all around it and poker machines, which is expected.  The middle part of the bar has a bunch of table tops which are also used as extra seeting.  I don't get it.  I don't like it.  Too ghetto.  They even put beer cases underneath for extra storage.  Super classy LOL.  I do like the pool tables.  I find myself always playing.  There's always a table open.  Love it.  One thing that I do not like is the parking situation.  The bouncer, who looks like a Latin guy, is very uptight when it comes to using the parking spots.  He once towed my car away because he saw me walking to another bar.  He didn't even ask if I wen to the Buffalo.  If he did, then maybe he would have known that I spent over 60 bucks there earlier in the evening.  That experience really rubbed me the wrong way about this place.  I still go there, however, I'm leary about the parking situation and always wondering if my car will get towed again.
3	Bare minimum is the concept for this leather daddy bar located within the fruit loop. I still stand by the statement that the Las Vegas gay community is small, but it does not lack in diversity. Within the block, there is a niche for everyone. This past weekend, my friend wanted to go to the gay bars and clubs for her birthday. I did not object since she is known for being a hot mess when drunk. Instead of batting guys off of her, I just had to watch out for how many guys she would grind up on. For a Saturday, the Buffalo was quiet. The seats around the bar were filled, but the rest of the place was interspersed with pockets of people. There are not many seats except for by the bar, so everyone else was standing or sat on the tables lining the center. The music is at a background noise level; enough to kill the silence, but not to the point were friends needed to shout to each other. The atmosphere is not intimidating and relaxed. The Buffalo is a welcoming space with ample amounts of lighting. There is no stumbling around in the dark and falling on your face at this dive bar.
4	Extremely cheap (and good) drinks, pool tables, music (not too loud) so u can socialize with friends. Its a cool bar to hangout or have drinks before clubbing. I like. -1 star because they should ventilate it once in a while. Clothes come out smelling like cigarettes every time.
5	Located in the Fruit Loop which is kind of like Las Vegas' Gay Bermuda Triangle....is a grungy bar called The Buffalo. It's in a charming strip mall next to a Gay items store called Get Booked with an older weird prissy owner who recommended the bar to us. He told us, "Tell the bartender that blah blah blah sent you". I told the bartender that blah blah blah sent me and I got a free drink!The ruggedly handsome bartender was really cool and laid back. He had a well trimmed beard and a baseball cap so you knew he was not necessarily the twinkoid WeHo type. It kind of gives a clue as to what crowd frequents this place. According to him the crowd is diverse even though The Buffalo has a bear/leather/daddy reputation. In the end all that mattered to my BF and I was that the people in the bar were cool. We were chatting with a bearded old guy from San Francisco who had a ton of good stories. There was a much younger guy who was literally passing out at the bar too. Another older guy came in later on.I was concentrating on the cheap and strong drinks and my BF was concentrating on the slot machine in front of him and right on the bar. We were killing time basically, waiting for our room at the hotel to be available. It was pretty empty since it was the early afternoon.It was an especially cool day for me because dvd player was broken haha! Why, you may ask was that soooo cool? Well, it was really, really ridiculously cool and memorable because the bartender was compelled to use the vhs player and the tape that was in the machine had some really cool 80's new wave videos on it. There are a couple of pool tables here.Parking is no issue during the day but in the night it's another story. We came back and the lot was full.It's true! If you want to be surrounded by unpretentious people this place is really worth your time.
4	Everyone comes into Buffalo before getting into some real trouble. Buffalo offers cheap, not watered down drinks, to get the night started. Prehuddles usually starts here. They've got music with video's running, poker machines @ the bar and behind, some pool tables, darts.. best of all a good place to hang out. Thanks Buffalo to all the years that have landed me some grenades.. Joke!Seriously thank you - from our community.Remember - tip for the great service!
4	Was in Vegas for a cigar & pipe social this year, and a few of the events and most evenings were spent here. It's a great bar, very relaxed and informal, great and friendly staff, very quick to get a beer, and fantastic prices. I felt really at home there, kicking back with a cigar & a beer. Just wish we had somewhere like this back home.
