4	Conveniently located off the 95 freeway, and close to the Meadows Mall, I used the Drive-Thru window (saturday hours too) a lot and it was busy! On numerous occasions, Jerry helped me (we were in training together- yes, I worked for the credit union, for a brief time.) and was very nice (I don't know if he recognized me the last few times though but maybe it was a  busy time).The two times that I went into the branch: it was clean, and there were only a few other members, so I didn't wait too long to get to the window. I was treated courteously. The members seemed to be the more mature set, which was good, because I used to see some strange members at the other branches (if you used to work with me, you know what I am talking about!). There was a coin machine but I think that they did away with that.
5	Great place to get an auto loan. I don't have the best credit, but got 2.7%. Everywhere else was over 8%.
5	Only 3 reviews?!?! Geez! Been with these guys for over 10 years AND have also had Wells & BOFA-WestStar tops them all! Interest rates are low, great customer service and they don't cut off a limb if you ever have an incident! I had a couple overdrafts back when when I first opened my account and it was a smooth process to resolve. The branches are always clean, you're in and out on all banking errands, no craziness. CONS: (A) They only have two locations in town :-( (B) Be prepared to pay fee's at every ATM if you ever  need to pull cash. PROS: Sign up for direct deposit to limit your runs to the bank & if you need to pull cash, go to any convenience store for cash back. :-) Problem solved!
1	The worst bank in the City, regardless of the location, WESTSTAR in general. DON'T EVER BANK WITH WESTSTAR! they have the worst service! They hold your check for a over a week until they release the fund and in the mean times charges you the over draft fees, $38.50 each time!A lady i spoke to refused to help me remove the ovder draft fee, even just a couple as a value guest. she kept saying you signed the paper and there is nothing i can do. She sounded like she hate her job and l felt like i was bother her by calling.I hate WESTSTAR, the worst BANK ever!!!!!
1	BEWARE!!! Never go to this credit union. They work with payday loan companies!!!! They are out to get you...they have their own rules and DO NOT WORK FOR THE CLIENT!!!!! Avoid headache and stress because credit unions are payday loan lenders and will rip off the consumer !!! CAUTION!!!  WARNING!!!! We get into financial emergency and have no choice but to get payday loans. I am working with a credit solution company to pay back my loans but this credit union refuse to work with us but instead stick the KNIFE deeper and giving us more financial debts!!! I'm so upset and furious !!!! Please be careful !!!!!
