5	My foodie family's favorite restaurant in the Montreal area. Fantastic Italian bistro. I especially love how they do game. Oh, and remember to check out their Scotch list.
5	This place is really amazing.  Everything about it was really great: service, ambiance, food, desert, drinks.  I had the soup, which is amazing.  I then had the deer medallions and the cheesecake to finish.  Everything tasted REALLY great and the prices were reasonable.  If you are in the area this is a MUST visit restaurant.
5	This is my favorite restaurant in the West Island. We were told that all of the food is fresh (nothing is frozen) and you can really taste it. I highly recommend the foie gras (served in a raspberry sauce) and octopus appetizers (if you don't like octopus, you will after you try it here). Service was fantastic and atmosphere was intimate.
4	Went there on a saturday night. The place was full and hopping! Using other reviews, my wife and I tried the grilled octopus on a bed of greens- delicious and recommended, we tried the lobster ravioli- delicious and recommended and finally we shared a veal chop grilled to perfection.
5	Outstanding. Service, decor and food all top notch. Filet minion is on par with any premium steak house in Montreal.
5	Every morsel we ate caused a party in our mouths. You must try the marscarpone cheesecake. Leave room in your bellies!!
5	Went here with some coworkers.  Possibly the best filet mignon i have had.  it was cooked rare to perfection, and just melted in my mouth.  the espresso creme broule was delicious as well.
4	I had decided to visit this restaurant with 2 very close friends two nights ago.  I chose this area because it was not so far from their home and I was going to pick them up.  I had made a reservation using the Yelp reservation system and I was sent a reminder via email and the restaurant had my reservation in their system when we arrived.  This is a classy place and upon entry noticed there were already 2 large groups seated and being served.  The restaurant had a good vibe to it as well.It took us a while to decide what we wanted but we started off with drinks first.I had ordered the fried calamari as well as prosciutto wrapped cantalope as apps.My friends had decided to go with one of the specials which was a seafood risoto with a large shrimp (it was a giant!) as well as my other friend had the chicken.  I had ordered the rib steak medium rare.The shrimp and risoto looked really good.  The shimp... must have been a prawn or something because it was the size of a lobster tail.  I've never seen a shrimp that large.  I had a piece of the chicken.  The sauce was amazing and the meat was nicely cooked as it was white meat yet moist.My steak was absolutely fabulous.  It was medium rare but not dripping blood or anything.  It was a nice temperature too but perfectly cooked.  I usually get either medium or medium rare but this steak was just right.I didn't have desert but my friends went with the brownie and a mascarpone maple cheese cake.  The quality of food and service is very good.  The night was a kind of night that is a special occasion because I don't get to see these friends very often since we live in different cities but they are very special to me and it was a nice place to have a nice dinner with people you care about.
4	Excellent meal. Had the lobster stuffed ravioli and my wife had the braised veal shank. Highly recommend both. Grilled octopus to start. We will be back again!
