4	Monstrous lobsters. Some close to 16lbs and the dimensions of a small child.Location is weird-- across the street from the Monte Carlo and behind the Walgreens. However, the interior is surprisingly cozy and classy!Lobsters are sold by the pound (typically $20-$35) and served with salad, bread, and a twice baked potato. Let me tell you, it is WORK getting through a lobster.. my date and I split a 6 pounder. I was dying towards the end. I left a small clump of lobster meat on my plate. For this, I think I'm going to hell.You will be sweating lobster juice and drawn butter for hours after. I think I woke up in the middle of the night thinking the tables had turned and I was being steamed alive by a giant lobster.
3	The pictures of the dude holding the giant lobster has been gracing bus stops for years and years now.  When an ex-beau of mine received a huge promotion, we headed down to the Rosewood Grille for a special evening out. Now, the food here is definitely good.  I had the crab legs and, my goodness, they were absolutely spectacular.  Large, plump and meaty, they slid right out of the shell.  Absolutely devoon.  He had a ginormous lobster.  That, too, was just delicious.  However, I didn't feel the dining experience itself lent itself to warrant the price tag of it all.  It's not the most expensive place by any means, but I didn't feel the ambiance or service was special enough to shell out a few hundred bucks for.
5	don't let the poster of some guy holding a humungous lobster put you off. i know that poster reeks of cheese, but the food served at this restaurant is suprisingly yummy. i've been here a few times now and the food has been really awesome. of course you're suppose to go there for their lobster, but their steaks are well executed and is of good quality, too...just in case you prefer to eat a land animal as oppose to a seafaring one.  i also like their scallops and crab cakes. they have a good wine selection and at the end of your meal, every lady at your table will get a red rose. cute touch. good eats.
5	Since I was a kid, I noticed the picture of the guy holding a lobster that was the size of a Doberman.  From that time I always wanted to experience the Rosewood Grille.  Overall, I'm happy to say I did!First off, expect to pay....a lot!  Afterall, the downside to eating such a huge lobster is that like any lobster, you pay by the pound.  Market price for a lobster is usually about $20-$25/pound.  Just remember this before you choose the lobster that weighs as much as Rosie O'Donnell.  My wife and I got a 6.5 lb lobster, Oysters Rockefeller, a couple of drinks and the check came up to about $250 with tip.  If money is not an object to you (and let's face it...this is not the most expensive restaurant in Vegas by far), then you DEFINITELY WANT TO COME HERE! The staff is VERY friendly!  Attentive, yet not annoying.  (You vegans may not like this next sentence so...fair warning...skip over it)  They'll let you pick out your own gi-normous lobster out of the tank and let you take a picture with it before they cook it!  The dining room is small, intimate, quiet, and unpretentious.  In the current day and age of Las Vegas where everything has to be uber-hip and trendy, its nice to see something a little more laid back, yet still nice.  It's also a plus to not have to climb through a smoke-drenched casino, tripping over ditzy drunk twenty-somethings trying to get laid, to have a nice dining experience.  Go check out Rosewood Grille!  Just make sure your credit card balance is paid down before you go!
5	Sooooo I went to Las Vegas for my 21st birthday with my momz and auntie. We went to the Rosewood Grille Saturday night before going to Poetry. Man'O'Man! First off let me say, I loooove seafood! esp. crab and lobster. I guess the Rosewood Grille was formally the Lobster House and that is why I pick it.(because of tha name duh) Anyway, so we went there for dinner. It was only a few ppl there (our reservations were at 7pm) The wait staff was very nice and attentive and the food was WONDERFUL!!! We receive hot bread when we arrived and fast service. My mom and I had the whole lobster which came with a twice baked potato and house salad and my aunt had a pound of crab legs,salad and a potato as well (it was bout 6 big ass crab legs, which were also good..I had a lil taste) OMG! It was a feast! My mom is very picky when it comes to other ppls cooking, BUT Rosewood grille was on hit!!!(her words) Meaning it has to be good. I was so full I had to take home my claws and didn't even eat it until Sunday evening about 6pm...(I was full all night and the following day. I was so full, I couldn't even have a drink or two at the club that night cuz my stomach was hurting like crazy with all that yummyness I had jus consumed). Overall, our bill was like 268 which included the meals listed above,a long island ice tea for my auntie and sprite for me and my mom. Its expensive BUT TOTALLY WORTH IT!!! I would def. recommend this joint. Its wonderful! I'm goin back when I go to Las Vegas!!!!P.S. For my birthday, they gave all of us roses and let me take a pic with a 11lb lobster! and YES it was alive!!!
3	So I was in the mood for some lobster.  And not Red Lobster.  You know how you are usually still hungry after you eat at red lobster?  Not here.  Go hungry.  My little guy was about a 3lb. and I did not even finish it!  The most lobster I have ever had by far.  You also get soup (clam chowder) and twice baked potato.  I enjoyed my dinner, but my hubby and dad steaks were ok, so 3 stars.  It's kind off back off in an alley behind Fatburger, but the inside was very nice.  Very quiet with dim lighting if that is what you are looking for.  BTW price was about $20+ per pound. (or something like that)
5	This place is AWESOME! I loved everything about it. The service was so amazing and the food was extremely tasty! The best Lobster I've ever had! The prices are a little high but it's worth it. Great place for romantic dinners. Do your taste buds a favor and dine at the Rosewood Grille. Take care and thanks for reading!
2	Great service, but the big lobster is a gimmick. To expensive. To much pressure to enjoy your meal. Big lobsters are not always the best. Stick to the buffet in the hotels, much better deal. $300 for three was ridiculous, mother father and child.
5	What a travesty that many will never have the dining experience of Rosewood Grille since the restaurant is now closed.I was lucky enough to have visited Rosewood Grille last July, and let me tell you, this place did not disappoint in food and most certainly not in service.Service was impeccable.  Even though this was a fine dining institution and the waitstaff was dressed to the nine, this didn't mean you had to be, and you would still be treated like royalty.  Simone, John, and Jose were like long lost friends - they were jolly, patient, and knowledgeable.  And just thinking about all the food induces salavation.  We ordered the calamari, crab cakes, steak, and two 4lb lobsters, one boiled and one, per Simone's recommendation, broiled, was simply delicious, mouth watering, finger licking delicious.The meal definitely cost a pretty penny (thanks J & Y for treating!!), but it was well deserved.  What a shame that the downtrending economy led to the downfall of Rosewood Grille.  You shall be sorely missed.
5	Sad to see Rosewood gone.  I was there a few weeks ago and hoping it was still open but closed.  Never should of sold to Walgreens who screwed them and sold it to the VenetianGreat food, atmosphere, and service
5	I Proposed to my sweet wife at the former location of rosewood grille  right beside the venetian 14 years ago ! the chef prepared a dessert topped with whipped cream & placed the engagement ring on top ! I proposed the real way , down on one knee ! needless to say , she said "yes" !! it was a wonderful restaurant , we live in Georgia & we went back to the restaurant every year on our anniversary ! we also love Hawaii & a fresh flower lei from Hawaii was delivered to the restaurant ! the staff & the food was the best ever ! we'll be going to vegas shortly for our anniversary , but , sadly, no rosewood grille !!!  The Lovebirds !           ROSEWOOD GRILLE , BEST LOBSTER E-V-E-R
