4	I am reviewing this place since it is not found on Yelp and I need to check in since I am at this stupid gas station all the time.  It is super busy....even at 5am I walk in to find a long line sometimes.  I love how they sell hard alcohol since Walmart Grocery store across the street doesn't.  I fuel up here often because it is a major intersection for me on my way home or to work.  It's Circle K...what can you say.
2	Slow service. Wish they would move faster. Seems like speed for the customer and valuing customers' time is not a priority. As a result I drive out if my way to another circle k, or even a QuikTrip which is far superior in all ways -- cleaner, faster, friendlier people, and consistently so.
3	Great coffee for $1.59.  However, the coffee station doesn't flow well.  Creamer and stufff one side, stirrers at the other end.  Just doesn't make sense.  There is always at least 1 pump down. Nice people that work there.
2	The price is right, but the pumps are the slowest around. So slow that it isn't worth the savings in the heat.  There are also always pumps that aren't working making it difficult for customers to fill up. It's ridiculous.
1	Warning don't buy gas here unless you want to get ripped off - stopped and got $20 gas here, paid at the pump with a debit card, the next day I had two $150 charges on my card, also many of there pumps are always out of order and they frequently can't process Fry's fuel points
3	This is a overcrowded location where the pumps only work sometimes. Their Fry's points were down for a long time but just came back. There is always a line in the mornings and evenings at the pumps that do work, so be prepared to wait.They also tend to run out of the Sunday paper fairly quick, and if they do have some left I would go through it before you buy it. I have had it happen more then once where someone has already gone through the paper, and took out the adds and coupons. Who does that?The thing that keeps this Circle K a 3 star over a two star location is the people that work here. Ashley is almost always there and she is bomb!
