5	So awesome! We came in without any ideal what we wanted. The owner in the store helped us to understand the games we looked at. We became comfortable and had a great time! I highly recommend this store to everyone! :D
5	Just walked into the store on a whim... walked out with 2 awesome games for us and one for our toddler.  Was a great find and really appreciated the great customer service from the owner.
5	Its nice to see a store that has nothing but games.  They have a great selection of just about any type you could want.The staff is very helpful and knowledgeable.  There wasn't a question I asked that didn't have an answer.On any given day they have a bunch of games out to demo.  When you come in they'll ask you if you'd like to play one.  If you buy the game you've demoed, I believe you get a 20% discount on it that day.Matt, one of the owners, holds a Meetup on every Monday at 5:30 - a different game is played every week.  I've gained exposure to a lot of great games this way.  The games chosen are very good and easy to learn - I've either bought or plan to buy every game we've played on Mondays.This is a great local business I'm proud to support.
5	This store sells nothing but board games! We picked up zombiecide ($89.99) and forbidden desert ($24.99).The guy working there was knowledgable and friendly without being pushy. This place is packed wall to wall games! Come check it out.
5	This is the first time I almost blew all of my money in a game store.  That's usually my husband's territory.It was like being in a book store for me.  Book stores are dangerous for my bank account, and now, so is this place. These aren't the games you find in the toy section of your local Walmart. These are the latest, greatest games for all ages.  Go beyond Sorry, Yahtzee and Uno, and play Game of Thrones, The Hunger Games, Star Wars, and an assortment of Zombie games.Nothing here is battery operated! I love this about the place.  You "play unplugged" here.  Just board games, card games and dice games.  I loved it!  Going back with the kids this week to purchase more as holiday gifts.Met the owner, and he played a game with our kids to show them what it's all about.  There are game tables here, so you can try out some of the games they have before you buy.  The owner was totally up for playing anything that was out with us and was super knowledgeable about most of the games there (played at least 75% of them, he said).They also carry card sleeves, so if you're a Magic nerd (my husband is), you'll find a fun assortment here.I can't wait to go back, and it's located right next door to my chiropractor!  This place is A+ fabulous!!!
5	I am so in Love With this wickedly amazing shop. Clean, bright, super friendly staff. Such a great selection of games for all interest and ages. Its worth the long drive for us. My husband and I get so excited to go.
5	What an incredible find out n the middle of the desert!  I come to Las Vegas often and usually sludge through a store full of models, a store full of rpgs and a store full of magic cards. ... No longer.  I have found my game oasis!The girl working that day was engaging and helpful.  I even purchased another game because of her enthusiasm, professionalism and recommendation.I will always go back here.Thank you SWPaG!
5	Great place for the whole family! They have a little for everyone. Kids games and puzzles, family games classics, and a great selection of tabletop RPG and some easy to learn wargames. Staff is really nice, knowagable and helpful. The owners are always in and out to see what the customer wants and they are quick to respond them.
5	I like the store and I have been there before but today my friends and I wanted to get a specific game, we thought this would be the only place to get it so we went out of our way to drive there, and at 3pm on a Saturday they were closed. We went to lunch and came back about 45 min later and still closed.So the store manager actually called to apologize about the store being closed so I'm gonna up the stars here. Seems like it was probably a fluke. I'm still looking for a few games so Ill try them again when I'm on that side of town anyway. My suggestion would be if it is really out of the way because it is way up north call first.
5	I would like to say, Thank you! To the kind Man who was managing the store yesterday around 6:30 pm. You showcased EXCELLENT Customer Service, even if we were just looking. I appreciate the fact you made us feel welcome! PLEASE go next door to Port of Subs and show them your ways. I look forward to coming back for my purchases! :) Keep up the great work and thank you again!
5	Derrick was awesome so helpful. Huge selection of games and they also carry ogosport! We will definitely be back.
5	Where to begin? This store has once again restored my faith in local Las Vegas business. Being that there is such a huge transient population here, it is difficult to find the dedication and care in local business that I have been used to living in a small town. Having that been said, Shall We Play's staff are what make this place great.My wife and I just happened on this place as we were strolling through the strip mall, and thought we would pop in for a few minutes to check it out; boy were we wrong. We ended up spending well over an hour browsing, chatting, and getting some awesome demos of all that this store has to offer.  Board games and card games, for me, are difficult to buy off the shelf. We have a closet full of discarded games that we bought, and later found we didn't enjoy once we played. At Shall We Play, any game that we chanced upon and asked, the employee was more than happy to break out and play with us. We got a knowledgeable, in depth, honest explanation and opinion on every game that we came across. There was no trying to upsell us, or goad us into buying a more expensive game. Hands down some of the friendliest and outgoing customer service I've gotten in my time here in Vegas.They also have meet-ups where you can get together with the staff and locals to play some games. Given that my wife and I are younger, but not into the club or party scene here in Vegas, this seems like something that would be a great way to meet other locals. They have ads about it on their homepage, and if we can make it this weekend, I'll try to post an update!
5	I think this is the only place in Vegas where you can purchase Cards Against Humanity at a store!The guy that works here is super nice will help you with your gaming needs.
5	I ordered a Game of Thrones card expansion from them since the don't sell them that much anywhere else. To  my surprise, when I went to pick it up, they had all the other house expansions as well. I bought them all in one day! This place knows how to take care of their customers' needs lol.
5	We came into Las Vegas from Phoenix and found this gem of a store. They were very well stocked with games for anyone's taste and the staff was extremely knowledgeable about their stock and the game industry.
5	This place is great. Local business. The staff knows their stuff about board games and the like. I wouldn't say the cheapest price, but they are fair and especially for being able to get it right then and there. I have come back 4 or 5 times to pick up gifts, party games, etc. It is great seeing such a well stocked board game shop. Very friendly staff, and they even have some of the games open for you to check out.
5	Stumbled upon this place after breakfast and it happened to be my daughter's birthday.The owner was so helpful! He really listened to what we liked and showed us everything! We played several games and had a lot of fun. He was crazy knowledge about the game universe and wasn't pretentious at all.If you want to find that unique, fun gift or if you need help figuring out just what to get, go here. A fantastic local business.
