5	This is what Comic Book stores were always like when I was younger.  Very Mom and Pop and totally proud of their product and their space.Dreamwell is very small but chock full'o comics and collectibles.  The two brothers that run it are personable and helpful.  There's so much stuff to check out in this tiny space.  They also have really great packs of collected runs for great deals.  Dreamwell is one of my top picks of stores to look for back issues.Dreamwell is also one of the oldest surviving comic stores in town.Actually I think the only one, at least from when I was in High School.Triple J is gone, as is Page After Page. (that place was sooo rad.) And Comic Zone.  All gone.  Sad.  But, nice to know that Dreamwell is still around.
5	Don't forget to bring your +5 Wallet with magic resistance! Because if you don't know your comics in here. You may encounter beasts who have been NRFB. Great collection workers don't look like they've ever been laid. But that's ok. Don't tell them I said that. I don't want to get hurt by their Glasses of neverending Sight and be blinded by a +3 swamp moggle.
1	Went to check this place out on 24 December. It's closed.
5	By far the most friendly and helpful comic shop anywhere in the valley.  I hit about 5 comic book stores in one day, and was given the cold shoulder by the staff and they did not have what I was looking for that day. This one, however, was cordial, friendly, and polite.  I found what I was looking for, and a few more things besides.  I eventually signed up to have comics I wanted in held for me, and upon doing so, the owner gives a 15% discount on all product, and a plastic sleeve and cardboard supporter for all issues purchased from then on, whether you had it reserved or not.  What a deal!  It's insanely far away from my house, in a non-descript shopping center, and I wouldn't have found it if I wasn't looking for it, but I'm very glad I did.  They have a good selection of individual issues, collectibles, and lots of figures and magazines, as well.  The only thing that's lacking there is trade collections, but of course, you can actually get those at a Barnes and Noble (except the rarest ones, of course).  So yeah, I have my own comic shop now...  Yay, official nerdhood!They're now called "Wishing Well Comics" incidentally.
4	Another hidden comics treasure.I walked in and was hit by "the smell".  You know, that classic scent of older paper that goes with long-running comics shops.  What's funny is that not enough comics shops have this particular and welcome smell.The store isn't big.  They don't have a massively huge back issue assortment, but what they do have is impressive and goes back farther than what you would think.  And while they don't have a lot of more obscure titles, they do manage their current stock quite well.  Even their collectibles yielded a few things that you don't see in every store.The staff was helpful and friendly.  We chatted amiably through the transaction, and then a few minutes after about assorted geekery.  He was definitely a "Tron" fan, to which he gains my respect this day.This place is a little hidden.  You have to enter the shopping center, and it's behind the 7-11.  But I would recommend it as it's a fun discovery that you might miss under normal circumstances.It's nice to find yet another comics shop that provides that feeling of being established with the promise of finding some noteworthy treasure to make those back issue hunts worth all the while.
5	A nice small comic book shop fairly close to my home, they have everything nicely organized and have a lot of back issues for sale too. If you have trouble finding something just ask the shop worker and he'll help you find it. When you buy your comics they also give you a plastic bag and a cardboard backing to store the comic with.
