5	I stumbled upon Garde Manger on accident, having lost faith in finding a decent place to get drunk in Vieux Montreal. There was no sign, but the place was booming on Tuesday night.  A guy named Kyle was switching between his duties of mixing music from 3 iPods, preparing oysters and scallops and finding time to chat with every person sitting at the bar.  The magic hung in the air.  The place has quite an amazing ambiance in itself, but with the fantastic service, it was irresistible. I've already had dinner but figured I'll try the oysters.  Kyle called them 'my babies' and prepared them while adding some fresh horseradish into the condiments mix as well.  He also gave me a couple scallops on top to give them a try. I must say they've probably been the best fresh oysters I've ever had - incredibly smooth with a delicate texture and nothing else.  The scallops were quite good, as well.  I ordered Grey Goose on the rocks and went to town.This is a perfect kind of place where you feel like home, even if it's your first time.  It's an absolute must for anyone looking for a place to chase the touristy blues away in Old Montreal.
4	As opposed to reviewer #1, I made reservations weeks in advance in anticipation of eating at Chuck Hughes now-famous bistro.  This place has been there for years, but I didn't notice it until the Food Network picked up a show called, Chuck's Day Off. This head chef is truly loving what he does. His tattoos reflect his love of fresh seafood, dessert and bacon!  So from the show and hearsay, I knew some of what I must order. But, the menu changes with the seasons, so you'll really have to show up to find out what is available.  There are around 7-8 "Entree" = appetizers in french and 7 plat principal = main courses to choose from.  Although he loves seafood, he keeps it very quebecois in creating a lobster poutine, or slow-food style short ribs.  My highlights were the Bloody Cesar with crab leg(s) and the fried Mars bar for dessert. Music gets progressively louder as the night goes on. Although this place is small, it has a very hip vibe. Friends keep coming and going through the night.  Best for small groups ( to share the seafood platter), and young couples.  Service was the downfall, as I had to keep looking around to order another drink and we waited 15 minutes to speak to the waiter after we were seated.  This is not a deal-breaker for me, but be forewarned. Slow-style food, comes out rather quickly and with a pricetag that won't break the bank.
2	Well... I dunno where to start. Have you ever felt like you got screwed at a restaurant? Probably... Well we felt like we got screwed here. I read about the seafood platter and so I decided we'd just "start with that". Well that's pretty much where the good experience ended. The waitress - knowing full well we were tourists - didn't hesitate to omit everything unless we asked, she didn't say a word. Didn't tell us it was $70 for the "small". Which by the way should never be ordered by only two people....15 oysters, 8 scallops, 3 sets of crab legs or 4, 10-12 shrimp... Like this was a doozy and she laughed it off like we knew how much seafood we would be getting... How the fack would we?! This is for a group of at least 6 especially if you don't wanna suck down on "in house shocked oysters and scallops". Mmmmm raw fish.... We left there $100 poorer and disgusted by the amount of seafood we "tried" to consume. About 9 oysters were left. The Montrealers on our right saw what we had and seemingly cause they could speak french they were able to order the platter omitting the scallops and oysters for half the price... She tried rationalizing they're ability to do that with some blabbering that made no sense. Lesson learned... Don't ever order a seafood platter that's not on the menu and be skeptical of a waiter that only points to things instead of describing them. By the way this place will break the bank...the last reviewer is delirious...
5	ask the waitress to explain the menu. the prices are clearly marked for the seafood platters. if you are only two people, you can get a massive amount of seafood for $35, half the price of the $70 seafood tray and really that is enough for dinner for two people. they could charge way more than that for the amount of seafood you get. i don`t know how tony s. could complain about too much seafood. try going to the grocery store and getting that much fresh stuff for that price!  this time around i didn`t have a cold and the food tasted way better. i got the scallops and crab salad. the crab salad is served in a potato shell, but the amount of big pieces of crab meat was equivalent to 8 crab legs! out of control quantity AND quality of seafood. I still think this a reasonably priced food and fantastic quality. This time, the server was amazing. Always anticipating our every need... we were the first people in the restaurant, but it filled up completely!
5	This is my favorite restaurant in Montreal. Amazing vibe, decor, and music in Old Montreal. They have staple dishes, such as the giant Ceasar with a whole crab leg, a fried Mars bar for dessert, and the giant seafood platters. I`m actually not a big fan of seafood, so I get the beef short ribs marinated in Root Beer. Amazing. You need to reserve in advance even if it`s to sit at the bar - it`s not that big of a place -- but if you call a few days or even hours ahead you might get lucky. Last time we went, we paid $130 plus tax and tip for two full meals with appetizer and dessert plus four drinks plus coffee. The service was amazing too. Outstanding restaurant!
4	searching for a decent place to have a late night feast on our first night in montreal, i was thrilled to be able to secure a reservation at garde manger. though the place is a bit of a scene (we sat next to zack braff, fo realz), it doesn't feel that much like a scene. everyone we met in the restaurant was excited to give a little bit of ordering advice, and generally seemed to enjoy themselves. a few singalongs to a cool soundtrack took place almost immediately on our arrival.so, to order? get a bloody mary for christ sake. crab leg in a drink = order it. a nice bottle of wine, (by the way, we greatly appreciated that the wait staff did not up sell us as well expected), and a whole bunch of dishes will make for a memorable meal. we decided after seeing the small seafood platter, that we had to go for the large seafood platter. and it was large. arriving in an antique bird feeder, an array of wonderful scallops, village bay (new brunswick) oysters, king crab legs, and shrimp cocktail was consumed in minutes by our hungry 3-person party. the mignonette and cocktail sauce with grated horseradish was delicious, though these items were flavorful and fresh enough to eat without any adornments. just a great dish to share with three or more people.greedy as we are, we also ordered the poutine homard (wonderful), the beef tartar (best tartar i've had in a long time), and the jerk crab (after having the king crab legs in the seafood platter, we had to go back for more, and it was totally worth it). i'm glad we went back to experience more, although i think that the wait staff felt we were overdoing it a bit. no apologies, guys. it was all delicious.i'd go back to garde manger in a heartbeat. hearing that this place is featured on canadian food network, i hope that they do not fall by the sloppiness wayside. stick to your guns, order the seafood, guaranteed fresh, and enjoy a few drinks. this is a truly inviting, warm dining atmosphere where you will have a great night out. nice, bumping restaurant.
4	Biz trip to Montreal, Garde Manger was our client's #1 recco. Dropped in without a reservation (not recommended, I'm told) but they had a table for two. Great room. Completely unpretentious but great home-baked ambience.Service from everyone was fast and friendly. Really friendly.And then, what matters, good food. Can only attest for the scallops myself, but they were beautiful. Lobster salad in the hollowed potato was to die for. House Sangiovese hit the spot. Mmmmmm.My colleague vouches for the Steak Tartare and Risotto.
5	A dining experience at its best.  Great decor, PLAYLIST OF MY LIFE and oh yeah, that food is pretty darn good too. ;)  Every app and entree was on the mark, and they were also serving up blueberry Long Island Iced Teas that night...magnifique!I've read a few places that service is spotty--our waitress was amazing, and the bartender and DJ were very interactive and fun even when we were sitting at our table.
5	We tried this place on our last night in Montreal.  The food was amazing especially the oysters and the crab.The staff friendly and attractive too.
5	Hard to find in old Montreal, when you have all those old but charming buildings all looking the same, and no sign out in front to indicate you're at the right restaurant. You have to enter to be sure you're in the right place. Once you enter the restaurant you would no doubt know you're in the right place, this joint is booming and you'll find newspapers articles of the restaurant and the famous chef Chuck Hughes plastered on the wall out in the small foyer.When it comes to food, this place rocks. The menu is written on a blackboard situated above the bar. Whatever we had I'm sure the menu has changed already. But just let me tell you, I had the best risotto here ever. My date ordered a risotto with rock shrimp cooked in a lobster broth. Deliciously good! Would come back here again if I'm ever in Montreal and would recommend anyone to try it out in a heartbeat. Be sure to make reservations, this joint is packed.
5	When one moves to New York, one learns that the best establishments require no signage. It's a notion that's fueled countless "speakeasies" and secret restaurants like Chumley's, APT, Sushi Uo, Milk & Honey, the Backroom and PDT.After a long weekend in Montreal, it seems the trend has spread.In four days, I had more than a few excellent meals in Quebec's largest city, but the best by far was at a restaurant whose name, for its lack of  signage, we initially couldn't discern. It was only after peering into its window and engaging in haphazard conversation with an equally curious woman from Vermont that we learned the small, impossibly charming restaurant was called Garde Manger, run by Chuck Hughes, one of Montreal's best, and our new mission impossible -- the only available table was at 10:30.Yes, 10:30. Or as non-New Yorkers call it "Almost tomorrow." While that might be a deterrent to most, to us it meant "This restaurant is awesome." So we went home, had a few drinks and came back. Starving.The meal was more than worth the wait. My pork loin was divinity. The lobster risotto was the best I've ever had. The steak tar-tar, the daily fish, all of it, amazing. I wish I'd taken pictures.Two days after the fact, I could sit here and wax nostalgic about the decor, the service, the quirky music or the martini that sent me over the edge. Instead, I think I'll stop wasting my time Yelping and start figuring out a way to go back and do it all again.
4	Great decor, ambiance, the place lets clubbers come in after 10-11 and dance in the middle of the place, despite it being so small. But the music and the vibe are so good, you can't do anything else but crack a smile and order more drinks.Now for the food, I had the lobster poutine...simply divine. My girlfriend and her friend both had the shrimp risotto and both complained it was too salty. The fried Mars chocolate bar is an absolute MUST in dessert.
4	Oh mama, try the desserts.
5	Any place that can stand on its own and not even bother with having a sign outside the door is either pretentious or great.La Garde-Manger is simply put...GREAT.  Teeny tiny out of the way place with a handful of table and a go-go-go attitude and feel without being rushed. The place is can be very dark and almost a little too much so. The person I dined with wasn't able to read the wine menu from their seat due to low levels of light.  The place could spare a few extra luxes from the gigantic chandelier that dominates the ceiling.A word about that wine list...it's good, it's long, it's varied. What it is not, is cheap.  Since I'm not in the restaurant business I will never fully understand why wine I can buy at the store triples or quadruples in price when I buy it at the table.  That being said you can still find something that is "reasonable" (ish) and will work well with whatever they have to offer that night. If you need help the staff is as knowledgeable about the wine list as they are about the menu.The menu is ever evolving thing I won't go into the details as to what tried. Suffice it to say that what I ate was incredible well prepared, flavourful, perfect temperature, appropriately spiced and left a great mouth feel/texture. At La Garde-Manger the menu is on the wall (also something hard to read at times cause of the light and people's heads being in the way) and its shows what's fresh today.  A good mixed of sea food and other delectable choices there is something there for everyone.A quick final word about the sound of the place.  From entry to exit we heard a upbeat mix of everything from Pink Floyd to Brittany Spears.  Fun!
5	I love you, Chuck Hughes.You know the way to my heart:  Lobster Poutine.Garde Manger is absolutely my favourite restaurant in Montreal, and it is not just because I'm a bit of a celebrity chef groupie. The restaurant has a great  vibe - it feels warm and cozy, the perfect place to curl up for some comfort food, yet the eclectic music and vibrant clientele make you want to get up and party.What can I say about the food? I've already mentioned my love for the lobster poutine. The scallops were meaty, flavourful and surprisingly filling. Though I was stuffed from all the food and wine, I couldn't resist the deep fried Mars bar with ice cream for dessert - yum.My only complaint: it was really, truly, Chuck's day off.
3	Everything about this place has big $$$ attached to it. If you want a cheap dinner obviously avoid!! Me and the girlies were in Montreal this past Dec. and came to this place because of the reviews and its a Celeb Chef resto.Wasn't too hard to get a reservation b/c we went on a Tuesday. We ordered and shared the lobster poutine as appetizer for $20 it was good and was generous with the lobster however the portion was rather tiny...I kept eyeing the couple next to us that had some kind of avacodo appetizer, it looked soooo tasty.The waitress was nice and took the time to explain to us their ever changing menu. In the end I ordered the duck close to $40 which was good but towards the end i ate something that tasted really bitter...didnt know wtf it was (since the place was pitch black practically), perhaps the cheese but it sorta ruined it for me. We all ordered different plates so we can eat off eachother and their food was super tasty (pork belly, lobster risotto and chicken with mash)! Good music and interesting atmosphere.
5	I don't know why I have agonized so much about writing this review. It was such an incredible culinary experience. Two months past, and I am still trying to put it in words. However, I have come to the conclusion that I can't really explain it well enough to do Garde-Manger justice.It was truly As Good as it Gets in Montreal. I like many others wished for a little more light, and the special cocktail was pretty weak for $12 (a shot of Zubrowka and pear pulp). But, Metallica et al. provided an interesting background for the night. Yay heavy metal and kick-ass food.Je reviendrai.
5	I don't care what anyone says, this place rocks. Beautiful interior, funky atmosphere and nom nom delicious food.
2	After much excitement about being able to go to Montreal and dine at Garde-Manger, I've walked away fairly disappointed.  The place is obnoxiously loud and conversation is next to impossible.  You end up in a place where everyone screams.  It has a fair number of people who think nothing of screaming in your ear who are not in your party.  The food was only OK.  I ordered the lobster poutine which was a great idea, but mediocre execution.  The Bavette et Frites was very good.  My guest had the octopus to start which was not cleaned/prepared properly followed by a very tough duck dish.  We wanted to try a dessert, but 45 minutes after ordering it with no dessert delivered, we gave up and left.  Chuck was there but only for about 30 minutes after we showed up (9:30PM).  The show is much better than the reality of the restaurant...Believe me, I wanted to like this place, but it did not impress.
5	I loved this place. Really diverse menu of spicy sea food, comfort food, and some refined fine dining.I had the beef short ribs over a bed of spaetzle, topped with a jalapeno popper. Everything was delicious, the beef was so tender that a sneeze could of pulled it apart (?). The jalapeno popper was amazing, just right amount of heat and crispiness. The staff are super knowledgeable and friendly.They were filming for Chuck's Day Off while we were there, gathering shots of the activity of the restaurant.Overall, it's great restaurant I would visit again and would recommend to people who don't mind a loud restaurant.
5	Okay so I had the pleasure of tasting Chuck's fare at a wine event last year and was floored.  Add to this all the hype that  GM has been getting from Iron Chef and The Food Network and I knew I absolutely HAD to go.As you've probably read on here before getting a reservation tends to be tricky.  I tried calling a month ahead and like everyone else I failed to get a call back - BUT in GM's defense if you actually listen to the outgoing message they do say they ONLY call back if there is availability and so I had to go to plan B. Plan B aka Plan "Show No Mercy".  And so I put on my Saturday's best, ditched my friends for two hours to go "shopping" and dropped by the restaurant with a pathetic look on my face.  Yes, I am sorry to say if you are serious about getting in here you're going to have to cut the dead weight (aka your friends). Getting a seat at the bar is far easier for a group on one than it is for two or three.  Well my plan worked, the lovely gentleman at the front and I were able to come to an understanding which had me seated at the bar in 15 minutes and out the door in two hours (which was two times longer than I needed).   The decor of the place is nice in a dark, shabby-chic kind of way, which compliments it's location in Old Montreal.  The noise level was average, not too loud, not too soft and the music was a mish mash of 1980's classics, which was a nice departure from the constant dance party my ears are often assaulted with in Montreal.  Of course there is no signage outside, but if you know how to read numbers and a map it shouldn't be a problem finding the place. And the food?  OM NOM NOM!  Given that I was leading a secret double life and actually had dinner plans I opted to only try one item - the Cheddar Tomato salad, and it was like a Beautiful Spring day erupting in my mouth.  Fried cheddar, moist avocado, cucumber, red onion and juicy tomatoes on a bed of mixed greens dusted in herbs and ever so delicately dressed in a flavorful vinagrette, it had me saying "Caprese what?"  I also made friends with another wise solo diner (see who needs old friends anyway), who basically inhaled his Lobster Poutine and then proceeded to drool all over his dinner plate, so I'm going to go out on a limb and say it was pretty remarkable as well. So in a nutshell, if you are completely anal and value your friendships get someone who speaks Quebecois French to call two months ahead every day until they take your reservation OR ditch the friends, wear something fashionable and flirt with the guy at the front door.  In my opinion the bar seats are best anyway because you can see right into the kitchen and the female bartender is not only easy on the eyes but super friendly and informative as well.
5	Went here after a business trip to Montreal on a Friday around 6:30pm with no reservation (which clearly seems necessary if you aren't going solo. Got a seat at the bar next to the 3 rotating iPod DJ/ Oyster shucker. Stylish folk and not to crazy b/c it was still early. Service was great. The bartender was attentive and helpful.Went with the tomato salad w/ avocado and those fluffy cheddar croutons which were phenomenal. Best and richest salad I can remember having. Then I went with the halibut which was quite tasty with the veal stock and sitting on a bed of pierogis. Only caveat is it's a wine place so beer selection was limited and lacking. Had a pilsner from Brewery Montreal that was just blah.Overall Highly recommend! Go! Go now!
3	We've been to Garde-Manger twice now so I feel like I have a pretty good take on the place. The gist of our take: good food, but sorely overpriced and the music is always too loud, to the point where you can barely hear yourself think.As a vegetarian, the options for me there are incredibly limited. It's either a risotto ($32 for it with no meat) or a $14 tomato/avocado salad with fried cheese (expensive but very good).Going down the whole menu everything seems grossly overpriced.. the main one being the Lobster poutine ($20)... the portion is way too small for that kind of price.Expect to pay $50/person for a 2 course meal, without drinks. The food is solid but I have a feeling Chuck's fame is adding too much perceived value to his restaurant, and for the price there are much better places to eat in Montreal, even in the Old Port area (DNA for example).Worth trying once but after 2 times I don't think we'll go back for a long time..
4	I must say, the food was great.  I had the Lobster Poutine, the Flank steak and a Deep Fried Mars Bar.  The bartender, was nice, but not the best server.  She was not engaging, as a bartender should be.  Their was a lot of quiet socializing among her and a few of the staff, one of which was the partner to Chuck Hughes.  The partner, a local actor whom I forget his name, seemed very cold.  He was shucking oysters behind the bar, talking with the bartender.  He, especially, should have been engaging the customers.  He had an air of arrogance about him , like he was taking our money and laughing at us because we were paying over $20 for a poutine.  The bloody poutine was brilliant, so I still give four stars, but it could easily have been five, if the staff was more friendly.  Also, which does not change the ranking, Chuck must have been on his Day Off!
3	I manage to get a reservation! First time in the restaurant of course I was dying to try the famous lobster poutine! The fries were black! It was bad :/ so I paid $21 for burnt fries great! Then I order the halibut that comes with perogies (they are like fried small polish empanadas) they were also burnt and so hard to eat I pass on them. The only thing I enjoy was the brownie it was to die for!!! I found it pricey and for that price they should at least make sure that they don't serve you burnt food!!! The service was great!
5	Before dining at Garde Manger, I thought I would just encounter terrines and foie gras in Montreals' restaurant scene.  I was proven wrong. We managed to get reservations in this very popular, highly acclaimed restaurant on a cold and rainy day in May.     The highlight of my meal was the fruits de mer, which had  the freshest lobster, crab, oysters, and shrimp I've ever tasted. Prices are affordable, vibe is low key but stylish, and service was friendly.  I will definitely be dining back here when I return to Montreal.  My only worry is that it will be so popular that it will even be harder to get reservations.
5	Best restaurant I have ever been to in Montreal. Ive been twice in the last year both times were incredible not just the food but also the atmosphere and service is friendly. Prices are affordable.
5	memroable experience here - definitely worth the trip and having the power out - yes its old montreal - and it was summer - made it special. we tried calling to get reservations but it seems like you have to get them at the right time - we got them through the conceirge at the hotel we were staying for the week - for the next day at the bar - it seems it was just luck but we got in - so i'm guessing maybe calling a little bit before they open around 6-6:30 is the best option.the tomato salad. i can't say how the other reviewers were spot on.. fresh ingridents and the dill, fried cheddar, armenian cucumbers, and heriloom tomatoes - and believe it or not the dressing is white baslamic vinegar - just says allot about how important it is to eat fresh, seasonal, and simple.i had the duck breast with truffled peaches and foie gras - the spanish chorizo gave it an added and appreciated complexity.do try the bloody ceasar with the crab claw - the sweetest crab i had in ages ... a great appertif to start the evening.the staff is great here - they are busy but they were able to make this a very memorable dinner. of course its about the food - so kudos to the kitchen staff for producing these dishes to perfection.being a popular desitnation in Vieux Montreal - there's good company with the other diners here especially at the bar.keep the address handy and if you have GPS - you'll be able to spot this place as its very non descript.
5	Amazing seafood! Follow the road all the way down to the glowing pink sign. It's almost as if they don't want to be noticed ... oh but they are! Just to make a reservation, you have to call their number, leave a message, and their message tells you they will call you back only if they find room for you. Don't show up unannounced or you won't get a table! I was lucky to get a call-back on a Wednesday night for a reservation at 9pm at the bar! After all that, it was a great experience. We ordered the lobster poutine, and it was really good. Some Yelpers have claimed inconsistency on this dish but luckily for us this time, it was very well made. Next we ordered a medium seafood platter which you can see in one of my pictures, it was also incredible. Unfortunately we ate too much to try the dessert but will be returning. The staff was very friendly and always attentive to our needs. The ambiance was happy and lively, and the music was not as loud as some have commented, we had no problem hearing each other. Will definitely be back, provided I get a call-back again!!
3	This place is "hot".Perhaps because of the music (it's killer, but really, really loud. Huh? I said it's LOUD). Or the venue (it's hidden and indiscriminate). Or the crowd (hip, trendy, and fun with a side of self-entitlement). Or the atmosphere (it's dark and sexy). Or the chef (Hello Chuck Hughes. That's right, chefs are the rockstars of my generation). But shouldn't it be about the food (here I go)? Bread n' butter? Nope, Bread and delicious salmon spread You absolutely need to make a reservation. My sister and I got the 9:30 seating and thought it'd be great to start with a stiff drink. The daily cocktail was tequila, and although I swore off this ish after 'TequilaGate' Whistler 1998, I threw one back. C'est la vie. It was a fresh grapefruit and soda cocktail that packed a mean punch.Of the three dishes we ordered, I must have picked two bad ones because my sister was here a few nights ago and she liked it. Don't worry Chef, it happens to many men, it is normal, and it's okay. Or is it me? After all, I ordered.The beef tartar was good, but there was way too much. I wouldn't normally complain about quantity, but when the tartar is big chunks, after a while, even the biggest carnivore starts to feel cannibalistic.  That's a lot of raw beef... My second choice was the wreckfish (since Hughes is known for his seafood). I didn't like it. It may be that I wasn't picking up what he was putting down?!? The dish is still pretty, init? The night's saving grace was the jerk crab. It was delicious and messy. Oooh, I want to do it again. So yes, I will go back but this time, I won't be ordering. Until then, don't worry Chuck Hughes, I still like youghes.
5	We went to Garde Manger at the recommendation of a friend who is also a "foodie" and were very blown away by the experience. We sat at the bar (in the new section in the back of the restaurant), which I prefer so that we can talk to the bartenders and folks around us. What better way to get recommendations than from those in the "know?" The menu was in French. My partner doesn't speak French, and as soon as the waiter heard me translating, he came over to explain it further. WOW. What customer service. I started with the steak and eggs with fois gras. It was beyond scrumptious. My partner had the salad which had fresh veggies and these little fried cheese bread "croutons" that were out of this world. Only issue, the portions were huge, and I was pretty full following the apps. For mains, my partner had the lobster risotto which there were no words for how fantastic it was. Huge chunks of lobster and not as much rice as you find in most risottos (which was fantastic to us). The flavors blended and just balanced perfectly. I had fish which was cooked perfectly! All in all, a fantastic dining experience.But the best part was the interaction with the staff. Tim and (we think) Jason were awesome! They chatted with us all night like we've known each other a million years. They gave us recommendations of other restaurants in the city, even things to do. Seriously, felt like we met new friends. Tim told us about a new restaurant from the folks behind Garde (Le Bremner), and sure enough when we went on Monday - the whole crew was there. Perfection!Bottom line: GO! The food is fantastic. The ambiance is awesome. And the staff, oh the staff - priceless!
5	After many, many hours spent watching "Chuck's Day Off," my husband and I made the trip to Montreal to eat at Garde-Manger on our anniversary.  And the place is every bit as loveable as it is on TV.It's not as loud as some other reviewers claim.  If you're looking for a quiet, white tablecloth atmosphere, this is not the place for you.  But if you want food worthy of that same environment but with much larger portions in a more comfortable, friendly, fun, young atmosphere, then call to make a reservation...like right now.  The servers are super sweet and knowledgable.  The music is louder than your string quartet, but is refreshing amidst a plethora of fine dining establishments.  And the food is UNREAL.  Not surprisingly, bacon made an appearance in the complimentary bread laced with cheese.  But we had to save room for: the tomato salad with salty cheddar nuggets, spicy jerk crab leg appetizer, grouper with spanish rice and peel and eat shrimp (with onion ring garnish) and braised short ribs with goat cheese smashed potatoes.  We were ridiculously, uncomfortably full.  But we enthusiastically ate every morsel.  It was hearty.  It was amazing.  It lives up to the hype.
3	Another over rated Montreal restaurant...
3	i was here last year. it was fanastic.this year was a little bit of a disappointment. i finally got around to order the lobster poutine. that was such a let down. there was only specks of lobster (so small i couldn't even tell it was lobster). the gravy was a bit fishy and there was hardly and curds. what topped it all off was that the poutine portion was very very small. i don't mind small portions but i would of been nice if i got a chunk of lobster. it wasn't worth $17.i got the braised short rib for my main. that was great.dessert i got the banana concauction. delish!i would give this place a 3 1/2 stars.service is wonderful!!
4	4.5*We went to the restaurant with high hopes and we were not disappointedThe only reservations we got were at 6p even though i called a month prior to make res. The restaurant ambience is great; dark, rustic, exposed brick walls, low lighting in the middle of the charming Old MontrealService was a little odd. Our female server was very accommodating and friendly, translating everything to English from French. One male server was really quiet and surly. He didn't seem to like responding to "Thank You". ummmFood:I thought the prices were quite reasonable. Our bottle of prosecco was $55- average for restaurantsLobster Poutine: I love Lobster and I Love Poutines but i did Not love this lobster poutine. Sad but true. The dish was teeny TINY. The fries were skinny and not super hot. The cheese was rubbery, cold and NOT melted through. The pieces of lobsters were tiny and i'm not sure i tasted any of it. And i'm not sure there was much gravy on the poutine (which explains the cold, rubbery pieces of cheese curds) For $17...a great concept but not well-executed. DisappointingSeared Scallops with carrot butter and green beans. Amazing. The scallops were perfectly seared and tasty. Wonderful flavor and i would have grazed on them all nite long. I had a taste of my friend's risotto and it was divine as well. Dessert: Deep-fried mars bar with a scoop of ice cream. Oh my. that's all i can say. The restaurant got a little smoky towards the end of our visit...i guess the ventilation in the kitchen could have been better. But overall, a great experienceHighly recommend for anyone visiting Montreal
4	There's a reason why Chuck rarely take's a day off.... The food is amazing and the creativity that goes into it comes across in a flavor sensation.I had duck breast with chorizo sausage and foie gras. Delicious.For dessert I attempted the peanut butter cookie, w/ peanut butter and raspberry jelly topped w/ ice cream caramel crumble. It's a perversion of the senses. Ask your server to bring 6 spoons just in case you need help finishing it.I'm definitely look forward to going back.
5	My boyfriend and I ate here for our 2 year anniversary. We had called about a month in advance to reserve, and were pleasantly surprised to be able to make one easily (although we did go on a Tuesday which probably helped). The location, ambiance, lighting and decor of the place was just so charming! We tried the avocado, tomato and fried cheddar salad and the lobster poutine to start. LOVED the salad, very rich. The poutine was great too but quite expensive ($21). I ordered the black truffle and goat cheese risotto which was bursting with flavour, although was a little too al dente for my liking. My boyfriend ordered the short ribs which he raved about! It is an expensive restaurant, but you are definitely paying for the quality (and the portions are generous). We finished off with a deep fried Mars bar served with vanilla ice cream which was so simple but delicious. We tried it because we had heard so many great reviews about it, but otherwise, there aren't any fancy/ amazing desserts. Very simple items, such as a cookie or a crumble. The dessert menu probably the only thing they could improve on (hey Chuck, I'm a pastry arts student... ;) ). Overall, a great restaurant and we would go back if we weren't poor students!
1	I would give it a ZERO if Yelp let me.That's right. A zero. This was one of my worst restaurant experiences ever. And I've had some bad ones. When you walk in the door you are ignored for 10-15 minutes as waitresses & employees scurry about. Then you are asked to wait some more as your table isn't ready. They decided to give us a free drink (one positive thing). We waited 45 minutes to sit. Yes.... 45. We are finally seated, great! We order our food and it arrives in a normal time. One problem, this food isn't anything special, in fact... it's disappointing. Ok, next course. The duck was as tough and bland as an old mans foot. My friend had the short rib. It was better, but nothing special. The best thing I ate was a deep fried Mars bar, made by Mars, not Garde Mange, and even that was overcooked. Our good friend Chuck wasn't there, and is apparently rarely there and it shows. They have music played by a character in a funny green hat. Unfortunately the man with the green hat plays the music VERY loud. He likes Purple Rain by Prince, Living on a prayer by Bon Jovi, and Private Dancer by Tina Turner. Odd. I will finish with the DOUCHE BAGS. They were sitting at the bar. Yelling, screaming, hugging, taking shots, and were quite friendly with the man in the green hat. It was an Ed hardy festival complete with barb wire tattoos. Turns out there were clusters of these people all over the restaurant. Conclusion... 3 people, 3 free drinks, lousy music, average food, douche bags as far as the eye can see. 300$ Yes... 300$. One bottle of wine! I will never go back. This is NOT the best restaurant in town. I've lost respect for Bobby Flay.
2	Food is quite good but this place is way too small. I've went there 5 times and always waited like at least 20 minutes at the door. Then you are stuck at your table barely able to move. Note that I am 6 feet 210lbs which is quite standard.I'll always remember the barmaid forgetting to give me 10 bucks back on a 20 for a beer. Cheap trick to try to stole my money or an accident... I'll leaving the guess to you.The chef is quite good and I can't complain about his work.
4	Great food and the servers really try to make up for the slow kitchen. I was there on a Tuesday night and the place was busy but not full. Sat at the bar near the kitchen so I could see the action. The kitchen is just too small for the size of the restaurant and so things take a bit longer than they should. Excellent food though so if you have a good dining partner (or don't mind drinking) the wait won't seem that long.
4	If you don't like French cuisine, don't bother traveling to Montreal :D...you might as well pack your own food from wherever you're traveling from. Fortunately for me, it's my favorite cuisine so Montreal is heaven, for me at least; 2nd to Paris of course. Restaurant G-M is a good spot and this is why:Food:+ Short Ribs. It was written on their blackboard and is one of their staple dishes. It was damn good...a bit salty for my liking but it was done as short ribs should be. Lonnggggggggggggggggggggg slowwwwwwwwwww and falling off the bone when your fork touches it.Service:+ It was good, friendly, attentive and "just there."Fermented Grape Juice:+ It's a French restaurant and thus the wine list is mostly French wines. I love Bordeaux and thus for me, it was an easy pick :)I will definitely go back especially because it is located very close to the Westin Montreal (within walking distance) THIS has been a review by Gaurav
5	While on a business trip, this was the one restaurant I was told to go to and splurge on.  Make sure to make a reservation, as it's popular but small.The atmosphere is small with dim lighting, with the menus written on blackboards on the wall above the bar.  We started with a great bottle of wine and Lobster Poutine.  It arrived to our table piping hot served in a skillet - delicious.  The serving size was a bit small, but who really needs to eat THAT MANY fries covered in lobster and gravy?  It worked great as an app for 3 of us, and left us all fulfilled.  My main dish, risotto to die for.  And to finish - deep fried snickers with ice cream.  Dinner that night was extraordinary long, but I enjoyed every minute.
5	Certainly one of the hardest places I've ever tried to find (or get a reservation for), Le Garde Manger is high on my top Favorite restaurants EVER!Chuck Hughes' (of Chuck's Day Off) restaurant hits on every gastronomic cylinder.  I have been twice and shared almost every dish we ordered, and I still haven't had something I didn't love.  The prices are a bit high (I would be there every single day if they were $10-15 cheaper), but that just makes it more special when you can manage to go.  Getting a reservation can be tough, from the fact that the place is tiny, to their erratic phone answering.  The food and atmosphere always lend themselves to a great night out, filled with conversation and laughter, which is what food should ALWAYS do.
4	My friend and I sat at the bar on a weekday night at a 9:30 reservation. It was a wonderful night made special by Morgan who made our seafood plate. We had the Lobster Poutine, a salad and split the medium seafood plate. I definitely will return and ask for a seat at the bar again. The music set the atmosphere, the staff was super friendly; it felt like we were at a get together for a large extended family. Thanks to all of you especially Morgan for a great night and an outstanding meal.
5	I went here with my girlfriend (now fiancee) this past Thursday for a celebratory dinner, and couldn't have had a better experience. As an avid fan of Chuck Hughes cooking, I was hoping not to be disappointed but everything from the food, to the service, to the ambience were great.  Couple things I would be sure to try, Jerk Snow Crab legs, Braised Short Rib, Lobster Risotto, and Goat cheese with lentils. Next time I'm in Montreal Ill be sure to return.
5	Somehow the Westin concierge got a 7:30p, Saturday reservation for four of us. We are visiting from Illinois and attending the Jazz Fest.Foods and services were great, the best in the week in Montreal.  I recommend the short ribs and lobster salad.
2	It seems like everyone that adores Garde-Manger is a tourist. We came here for dinner and even though we had a reservation, we were seated in the worst spot possible: in front of a huge pole so that the server could barely see us or our usually empty glasses. The lobster poutine had maybe 4 little pieces of lobster, pretty sure that it wasn't quite how Chuck made it on the Iron Chef ;) The seafood platter was nothing to write home about: the oysters were 'meh', the shrimp was equally 'meh' but the crab was pretty decent. Our main dishes were equally forgettable: my scallops tasted like half a salt shaker was emptied into the sauce. Also, because of said pole in front of us, the server miscalculated refilling my dates glass and spilled a fairly large amount of expensive red wine all over him; that was a nice touch (didn't even get a free dessert out of that catastrophe).I do however quite like the atmosphere, the kick ass chandelier, stone walls, central location and the variety of music though, so see, it's not all negative.
5	Worth every penny. Be careful not to eat too much! Seafood is A+! Seriously goodWow. Worth every penny; even sitting at the bar.
4	lobster poutine + foie gras (traditionally seared) + great ambiance = 4 stars.  Would most definitely return.
5	Lobster Poutine. Don't think twice.
3	Probably the most expensive poutive i have ever ate but worth every penny!
5	This place was great.  We had one of the best meals we have ever had here. The waiter was wonderful, the music was great and the wine recommendation was perfect!  Wish we lived closer so we could go back again!
5	Garde Manger is one of the Canadian Celebrity Chef's Chuck Hughes infamous restaurants in Montreal.  Garde Manger is a happening spot that requires a reservation; you must be patient with their reservation process - you call them with your information and they call you back a few days later.  Luckily, we were able to score a reservation for 2 on short notice this past long weekend (note: they are closed on Mondays).We arrived a few minutes before our reservations and were seated in a quaint corner at the bar.  I loved the interaction we had with the bartenders and our waitress.  I would recommend getting a seat at the bar again for future visits.FoodWe opted for 4 course service, trying various seafood items on the menu.  The oysters were fresh and delicious, one of the highlights of our meal.  Next, Jerk Snow Crab was our 2 course, it was addictive yet spicy.  The heat would only be comforted by eating more crab.  Our third course was the infamous lobster poutine, absolutely divine; thin fries with cheese and chucks of lobster all covered in a wonderful seafood gravy.  My SO wiped the bottom of the dish with bread, no gravy was wasted!  Our last course was their seared scallops entree, it was yummy - the scallops were perfectly cooked.  I love the roasted carrots that accompanied the dish.  After the 4 courses, we were too stuffed to order dessert.  I have to come back and try their deep fried mars bar!DrinksYou must try their infamous snow crab caesar - it was one of the best caesar I have had!  ServiceOut of this world service, our plates were cleared right away when we were done our meal.  Our waitress made sure our food was paced well between course.  Anything we asked for, we got.  They do have an attention to detail at Garde Manger.OverallGarde Manger was one of my best restaurant experiences I have had to date. Food and service were top-notch.  I love the laid back vibe at the restaurant.  I will definitely be back for a return visit whenever I am in Montreal next.  Make you check out Garder Manger whenever you are in the Montreal area!
1	This venue can be summed up in one word: Pretentious!Some of us who have been around for a while have seen this all before. A restaurant Chef rises to fame based on great food and a couple of TV stints. What follows is a restaurant that does not even bother to return calls for reservations, serves mediocre food and treats customers worse than at La Belle Province hot dog and poutine stand. Bottom line is that Chuck has sold out! "The face of Hellman's Mayonnaise" puhleeese...really Chuck?!I went to the restaurant on three occasions, with and without reservations. Other than the DJ, the staff seem to think that it is a great privilege to be given the opportunity to dine at their establishment. I won't even get in to the food which was good but overpriced. The service and attitude just turned me off, with no desire to ever come back. Good luck Chuck, one day you will be waiting by the phone for customers to call. enjoy the ride while it lasts!There are plenty of other deserving restaurants in Old Montreal, vote with your feet and wallets!
5	Tonight was my first time at the Garde Manger. An avid Chuck Hughes fan and foodie, I was looking forward to this meal and was not disappointed in the least. We had the famous Lobster poutine, Braised short ribs and the tomato and fried cheddar salad. Fantastic!!!!!!  Unfortunately, we had no room for desert. The only downfall is that I didn't get to meet my culinary hero Chuck. Maybe next time, because there certainly will be a next time.
5	In a word- perfect!  We went to Garde Manger last night which was our first in Montreal and we couldn't have had a better experience. Well, I guess if Chuck was there, it would have been better:)We started with veal cheeks and salmon tartare. Both were amazing. The pieces of salmon were larger than in a typical tartare which made for a nice texture. Highly recommend both dishes. For the mains, I had the scallops with gnocchi and my husband had the pork chop. Again, both were delicious. The pork was so moist and flavorful. The scallops were perfectly prepared and the gnocchi was light and fluffy. Unfortunately we had to pass on dessert.  After a bottle of wine and all of this food, we were just too full. Tonight is Joe Beef and tomorrow is Au Pied De Cochon. I will post those reviews too.
3	I want to preface this review with the following -I researched this place hard core before committing and found that everyone said the same thing. Staff rude,wayyyyyyyy overpriced,dark and they make you wait forever for your table. The only one i found to be true was the food is VERY overpriced hence the 3 star review.We actually arrived a little late for our 9:15 reservation this past friday night but were seated right away.FoodThe meal started off on the right foot with a glass of sav blanc for me and a red wine for my dining companion. The cream cheese with herbs and shallots with house made bread is unbelievably good. We of course ordered the lobster poutine and it was as good as everyone says it is. The gravy was solid, the fries crispy and the cheese curds had just the right amount of salt. The lobster was a little less that visible but the flavor was there and i wasn't expecting it to be overflowing with lobster anyway.For entrees i did the scallops with gnocchi and KP asked for the short ribs with spezztle. The scallops were cooked PERFECT but there were only 3. The asparagus and carrots were also a great addition to the plate but the portion was very small and the gnocchi's actually weren't gnocchi's they just happened to be made with potatoes; but were dense , dry and not very good. To me gnocchi's are pillows of perfection these were rotten rocks. The fried mars bar was exactly what you would expect a fried mars bar aka extra fat. I wrapped up my meal with a double espresso.ServiceThe overall dining experience was slow but i like slow. At no point did i feel rushed but we had to request things like water, and more vin. When you are paying the astronomical prices like the ones at Garde-Manger the service should be FLAWLESS  i.e. I should need/want for nothing EVER. One negative for me was the constant up selling, the additional poutine, the seafood platter I mean i get it you want the check to be higher so you will have more of a tip but at some point just chillax with the sales pitch.Atmosphere- Loved the darkness , Loved the candles and LOVED the music selection. I think this place is probably overhyped but i also think the food is pretty solid. I wouldn't suggest  to come back here but if i was in the area and wanted poutine and a nice glass of wine i would head here.Price -$$$$ my half of the check was slightly over 100.00 including tax and tip and only had 2 glasses of wine. Basically come here and be prepared to spend a lot of money.
5	Went on 6/18/12.  Started with the specialty cocktails and the lobster poutine and the avocado salad.  All very delicious!  I had the short ribs and my husband the steak!  Both really great portions and awesome flavors.The dining atmosphere and location is great too!  Took a nice long walk afterwards because we we're so full :)
4	My parents were coming to town and my dad has long been a fan of Chuck's Day Off, so this was the perfect opportunity to score a reservation (and score some impress-my-dad points).  It's not a spot I would ordinarily seek out (I'm more of a diner/dive person than the fine dining type), but I couldn't help but be impressed by the impeccable service (water glasses were never empty, wine recommendations were bang on, and our server took the time to check in on us often).Appetizers were tasty  - a simple cherry tomato salad with fried cheese croutons, and a boston lettuce salad with fried sardines and green goddess dressing were a fantastic start to the evening. Main courses were short ribs with spaetzle and a scallop dish. Both were perfectly cooked and delicious. For dessert we ordered the "famous" deep fried mars bar, and while it was ok, it was nothing to write home about. We shared it between three of us, and couldn't manage more than a few bites each. Major sweetness, though paired with cold vanilla ice cream to offset the liquid sugar factor we made it work. Overall a fantastic meal. I'd go back again for a splurge - but it's not an everyday dining spot.
5	Excellent food. The Spice jerk crab was one of the single best items I've had in my lifetime. And I don't even like crab. The pork chop was very good and the steak fillet, which my friend had was very good as well. The bloody merry we had also had an interesting look although I didn't taste. The Foi Gras was absolutely excellent. The Putin was fairly good, although it was the first time I've had putin so I don't have anything to compaire.Be ready to make a reservation well in advance (I think up to a month advance is allowed) and come on time. The restaurant is not that large but I didn't feel crushed by too many people like many of these boutique restaurants.
5	It was worth every last single penny I spent!!!I know this is a tad dramatic, or maybe I had too many cocktails, but by the end of the night, I was singing and dancing in my seat because I was food drunk.  It was a religious experience. My group actually shut the restaurant down.  The lobster poutine lives up to its reptutation.  The scallops with gnocchi almost made me cry.  I couldn't even completely get my bite of spare ribs past my lips before I threw the fork down in disbelief that anything could taste that good.  Don't even get me started on our seafood platter that we started with, complete with raw oysters, scallops, king crab and shrimp.  I'm not ashamed to say that I went to sleep in a food drunken haze with delightful images of our lovely hostest Maud, the apple-cherry crumble, and the dimly-lit wooden ambience that hugged me up.I salute you!
3	Has a lot of promise, but unfortunately is riding a wave of hype. Food was relatively creative, but mostly out of balance. Had the cocktails of the day (bloody Caesar with crab claw and something resembling an aperol spritz), lobster poutine, tomato salad, short ribs with spaetzle, and scallops with gnocchi in carrot sauce. I'm a bit disappointed to be saying this but only the simplest dish, tomato salad, really worked well. Next the scallop dish was well composed, but the poutine gravy and the spaetzle overpowered the dishes they were intended to complement. Don't get me wrong, the restaurant has a lot to offer beyond food, but in a province of amazingly executed food, Chuck Hughes didn't bring it...
4	LOVED the food, LOVED the atmosphere. But our server was very rude. we sat in the back (tiny girl, dark brown long ponytail- didn't even catch her name) Poor service in general. Spilt glass of wine on my friend, and still charged her for it. Rarely checked up on us, claimed that if we didn't order an appetizer, we would have to wait a 'long time' for our mains. (not exactly how restaurants work, but okay.. ) and basically made us feel uncomfortable because we didn't order an app, and responding to everything we said with a little bit of attitude..but food ended up coming pretty quickly and we weren't disappointed. Awesome caesars. and a great view of the kitchen staff dancing around clearly loving their job. it was pretty entertaining.
5	An absolutely wonderful dining experience! Well worth advanced reservations and savoring all courses! The inside is intimate, but rustic enough to be relaxing. Our waitress was very professional, helpful, and down-to-earth. She was very helpful and ran through all the menu offerings for the evening. To start, we drank their cocktail-of-the-day, something with muddled blueberries - it was delicious and very refreshing. The lobster poutine and fresh oysters were delightful. For a main course, I highly recommend the Braised Short Rib. It was heavenly - a generous (but every bit enjoyable) portion of meat cooked to perfection that could be cut with a fork. The lobster risotto and special gnocci dish were equally well-enjoyed. The waitress suggested perfect wine pairings for the meal too! The two desserts I tried were good - a warm strawberry crisp and molasses "cookies". They weren't as fabulous as our previous courses ... but still well-enjoyed by everyone. Apparently, Chuck works the counter when he's in town. The restaurant is extremely well-run when he's gone, and I will have to go back to Garde Manger in the future. I think the Braised Short-rib would be even more amazing in the winter! :)
1	made a reservation 1 month in advance... i live in toronto and i know i was going to montreal so wanted to try it out. when we get there they tell us they can't accept minors (we had our baby daughter with us) because of their liquor license, but their other restaurant that also serves alcohol can likely take us. i dont know montreal law, i don't really care, but i think they should have it on their website so people r aware of this rule, so this pretty much killed the experience. The staff was nice but never gave a full explaination of this "rule".
4	We came here for the poutine, which I'd seen on the Today Show. It's got lobster chunks in it, so I had to try it. Eh. It was okay. The poutine here was by far the tiniest poutine in Montreal and it cost $19. Other poutines we had were twice as big and half the price. Unless you're like me and have to try it for yourself, skip the poutine.We also had the jerk crab as an appetizer. THIS was something to freak out about. The jerk seasoning was amazing; spicy and flavorful. I just can't explain it. It was so good.For entrees, I had the scallops and my husband had the pork chop. I don't like pork, so won't speak for that dish (he said it was good), but the scallops were freaking amazing. They were perfectly seared and crispy on the outside, but soft and tender inside. The gnocchi that came with it was homemade and perfectly cooked and the carrot butter really tied everything together well. YUM YUM YUM.The decor is rustic-modern, if that makes any sense.  It's a small, casual, dark, trendy kind of place.  Our waitress was very friendly and was able to explain all the dishes in great detail.It is pretty pricey here, though. There were 3 of us total; 2 appetizers and 3 entrees. No drinks or anything. Bill came to $207, and we weren't really that full after. Honestly, this restaurant has very good quality food, but for the price, I'd rather go eat at Quattro again. At Quattro, we got 3 appetizers, 3 entrees, and 2 glasses of wine for the same price and their food was amazing.
5	Having been a Chuck Hughes fan ever since his first season on The Food Network, I had the biggest expectations going in. Truthfully, those expectations were far surpassed. I got the chicken dish of the night and it was just pure heavenly bliss on a platter. The inside is very hip and fun. The real bonus of the night, was the super attractive staff......For desert we had to get the deep fried mars bar, and I don't know the last time I had ever experienced such a perfect taste. A super simple concept, but oh my dear dear lord was it wonderful.I just can't wait to go back...!
3	Was there on a Friday night.We got in without a reservation, which was good.Food was great but the waitress was really pushing hard for us to get an appetizer, going as far as saying that the main would come quicker if we ordered something before (??). Didn't really understand the logic there, but was very annoyed at being bullied into ordering something I didn't want (we didn't get the appetizers in the end).The music was a bit loud, but the place is nice.Would I go back? Although the food was good the overall experience wasn't great, so NO, i won't go back any time soon.
5	Amazing experience. Seafood platter was great, so was the lobster poutine. The deep fried mars bar was nothing like what you'd find at the fair- very good.
3	I was actually a bit disappointed going here. My friend is a huge fan and I've seen Chuck Hughes show so we made sure that this was one our stops in Montreal. After all the hype and everything that people have said, I had set my expectations too high. Some of the dishes were really good and others were too salty.The place had a good vibe to it, very busy. We went here for a friend's birthday and ordered a bunch of things. We tried some oysters, which were fresh and yummy. My first time trying raw oysters and I really enjoyed it.We had the fish cakes, which was great on first bite, until we hit the salt. That just ruined the whole dish. After all the rave reviews of the lobster poutine we had to try it. The poutine was ok the smallest and most expensive poutine I have ever tried. It had good lobster flavour, but it wasn't the best dish. The lobster risotto was good, the creamy, rich sauce is where the lobster flavour shined. The amount of lobster included in it was good; but it was a bit one the salty side too. My favourite dish of the night had to be the braised short-rib. It cooked perfectly until it was nice super soft, and the sauce on it was amazing. I recommend this dish to anyone who goes here.
4	My better or best dinning experience in Montreal, Located in old city...  We sat at the bar for dinner which we booked 5 days in advance, cause the rest of the place had been booked for months as its so popular, which was a treat in its self as we got more attention. The room is small but full of hip beautiful energy... the service is top notch and the menu was even better, and of course had the lobster poutine which for the price is worth it...
3	Having been there twice before, and having loved the restaurant ambiance and food, my wife and I were really looking forward to going there for our anniversary.  We started off by trying to make a reservation, I first tried exactly one month in advance using the on-line line system through Open Table and it said that there were no reservations available even though the restaurant website says that reservations will not be taken more than one month in advance.  I tried calling with the same results, how is that possible ?  I wonder if the place wasn't full with "friends".  This seemed to be the case as a waitress was drinking wife with patrons at one of the tables.  Not very professional.  We were given a space at the bar and at the same time put on a wait-list for a table if there were to be a cancellation.  When we arrived on Saturday evening, there were plenty of unfilled tables and during the whole evening while we were there one of the tables was empty.  We inquired, we wanted to move, and were told by the rude employee at the front, that the patrons for that table had called that they would be late.  An hour later they never showed and we were stuck the whole evening at the uncomfortable bar.  After 15 minutes they should have seated us at that table.  Our server said that she would get the manager for us, but he/she never showed.  Where is Chuck?  As for the food, some was good and some wasn't so good.  My wife had as an appetizer the crab on toast, well there wasn't very much crab, in fact there was only two bites worth and the bread was hardly toasted.  Her lobster rizzoto had too much garlic.  My dishes were good but not excellent.  We spent over $200 and for that money we had expected better.
4	One of the best places to go in Montreal if you want to try surprising and modern fish and seafood dishes.The food is outstanding and as fresh as it gets although a wee bit salty for my taste. The service is very helpful and knowlegeable though a bit pushy at times. The ambiance is very vibrant to say the least, it can be a bit too noisy and dark though as the time goes by.It is definitely a must go. Make sure you buy a bottle of their green hot pepper sauce on your way out, it's delicious on raw sea scallops.
5	I don't think the right words exist for me to describe this place. If anything it was more of a feeling and an experience than just a dinner.We walked in at 6:30 for a 7pm reservation and the very friendly host sat us down right away at a perfectly cozy booth.The menu changes frequently so they don't actually hand out menus, instead they are written in both french and english on chalkboards around the restaurant. There is an option of about 7-8 appetizers and 7-8 mains, all of which are explained by the extremely friendly and pleasant wait staff. Everything on the menus looked appetizing so it was hard to choose but you really couldn't go wrong. Prices range from about $15 appetizers to $36 mains.We ordered the traditional Lobster Poutine to start which was perfect and there was not even one bite left. My friend and I ordered the scallops and gnocchi as well as the stuffed quail with creamed kale to split. Again, there was nothing left on the plate and every bite was better than the last. For dessert we opted for the fried mars bar with ice cream on the side. It was interesting because its such a simple concept but it complemented the feel of the restaurant and comfort food of the menu. I believe we stayed for 2.5 hours. I don't think we really wanted to leaveOn top of that, the night we were there Chuck Hughes himself happened to be filming a shucking oysters segment for his show so we were lucky enough to spend some time chatting with him and getting a photo op. He was beyond friendly and made our time there that much more enjoyable. I will definitely be making my way back there or to his other restaurant during my next trip to Montreal!
5	SOOOOOOOOOOOO GOOD!The ambiance of Garde-Manger is fantastic.  Warm and cozy, and all of the guests are excited to be dining in noteworthy establishment.  The waitstaff is extremely knowledgeable and friendly.For appetizers, we shared the mid-sized lobster poutine and it was amazing!!!  Everything about it was perfect.  The lobster was incredibly fresh, the gravy was hearty and the fries were not to soggy or too cripsy.For main course, I split the scallops with potato gnocci and the stuffed cornish hen with my friend.  The scallops were cooked perfectly, and tender and flavourful.  The cornish hen was also amazing (it was super juicy).For dessert we shared the fried Mars bar.  Which was completely gluttonous, but the perfect sweet way to top off an otherwise savory meal.I would definitely highly recommend Garde-Manger and look forward to returning!
5	Garde manger is a foodie dream for this girl! First visit, chuck was expediting and took a minute to chat and pose for a pic. Love him, he looks chubby on tv but in person he's skinny! Anyhoo, lets talk turkey. Well, oysters first. They have multiple varieties available, the servers know how each oyster is different than the other, and the condiments are top-notch: finely grated fresh horseradish, delicious mignonette and lovely lemon. Ok, chuck didn't make the lemons but the oyster platter was unbelievably good! If you like oysters in a just a little bit, you love these, and if you like oysters, you will be in oyster heaven. If you've never tried them before, order just one! Give it a try! The braised short ribs are delicious. Lobster poutine, meh. I love lobster, but I like it naked and cold not all saucy and hot. But if you like lobster, fries and cheese goodness, you will love this dish. Best fries ever, the curd cheese was perfect. What strikes me as profound, is that the side dishes at this restaurant are usually so well prepared and delicious, I tend to eat the veggies before getting to the meat! The best Swiss chard ever, the most delicious roasted cauliflower! If you love cocktails, you will love this place! Try their drink of the day, and/or have the special bloody Ceasar. I like spicy food, but find when you ask for no or less spice, it works better in this drink with a huge snowcrab claw as a stir stick! Love the food, love chuck. Pants are tight when you leave here, so plan to take a walk!
5	Food was amazing, drinks were great. Atmosphere was nice, and the bartender was a super.
5	delicious dishes, fresh ingredients, excellent service by joe at the bar. Great atmosphere!! even though we almost miss the place but we made it as #1 customer on that day. Been grateful to taste matane  shrimp and  jerky crab, stuffed trout with oysters, and finished with molasses cake.
5	First time at Garde Manger last night. Sat at the Oyster bar and had a great time. Caesars with crab legs are not only visually appealing but made properly. The Poutine de Homard was delicious, though pricey. The Cote de Porc with a duck egg was amazing, the sauce which coated the plate was perfect. We also had the scallops with carrots which were seasoned and seared to perfection.They came with gnocchi which was yummy but a little tough, either to much flour or overworked. To finish the marshmallow coated brownie, brownie was rich and delicious, the marshmallow tasted great though had a little to much gelatine and set to firmly for my liking. Also had 1/2 dozen Village Bay oysters with mignonette and what I believe was a homemade chilli paste, they were fresh and all you could want from an oyster, at a good price also. 6 for $15. All in all a great meal with rich heavily seasoned food and I will most definitely go back anytime I am in Montreal (If I can get a reservation!).  2 of us shared the poutine and then the 2 main courses plus brownie dessert shared, 2 crazy Caesars and another well drink each came to $185 before tip. Pricey for homey food, but it is done very well with an informed and attentive staff, WORTH IT!
5	I knew that the next time I came to Montreal I was going to pop my Garde Manger cherry.My first time was everything I had hoped for, and more!We made a reservation (smart idea), and were seated right away at the bar. Perfect place to sit for a small group of 2 or 3! Must have - Lobster Poutine. One might think this is probably Chuck Hughes' most overrated dish...but trust me, it was well due the accolades! Absolutely delicious. Poutine with just the right amount of "fishiness" added to the gravy, curds, and frites. We also had the Albacore Tuna and Crackling Pork (equally amazing) and the Pierogies & Pork Belly (yum). Service was great. Ambience was perfect. It's a great feeling when a restaurant can live up to high expectations! I can't wait to come back again and try other items!C'est tres tres bonne!!!!!
3	Good BUT ... good is abundant in Montreal. Garde-Manger is not consistently among top recommendations in Montreal but it makes the list often enough to form some expectations. My expectations exceeded Garde-Manger's delivery in terms of both food and overall experience. This is another of what I call the "Chalkboard Bistros", fine dining establishments that provide the menu via a large chalkboard on the wall in the center of the restaurant. I don't like this practice but it's popular (for now anyway). I found the menu, limited and lacking distinction / personality, with the same style of offerings that are standards around Montreal. That being said, the food was good, it just didn't deliver on the level that I would have expected given the buzz about the place. TIP; request the front bar if bar is given as an option. The back bar can become almost another kitchen-like operation preparing oysters and volume drinks. Back bar can also be pretty tight. TIP: avoid being seated during one of the eating sessions times 6:30 / 9:00pm, the wait-staff can get slammed during these seating sessions and your service delayed and/or intermittent.
4	Just a note about the reservation issue I had, opentable is garbage when it comes to this restaurant.  Its a 30 day lead time to make the reservation.  I checked open table 8am Eastern exactly 30 days before my intended reservation and they said no tables available.  I even tried this at 12:01am and got the same result.  To get a table, call.  Pay the international toll from the US to Canada and call.  I even left a message around 1:45pm 30 days before my reservation date and they called back around 2:30pm.   I will follow up at the end of July when we actually visit.  (FYI, I usually love opentable, I've collected my share of $25 checks from them with all the reservations I made on the site.  But for Garde Manger...not so much)
5	Booked our table a month ahead and got a great table for 4.  Super nice and attentive hostess matched what we thought was pretty great food.  Super fresh oysters and salads.  Passed on the poutine (nuts!) but the lobster risotto was exceptionally good.Loved the ambience of the place, just a great vibe with a a lot of people in a great mood.  We'll be back!Gary B.
3	Heard amazing things about this place and it mostly lived up to the hype...Atmosphere was rustic and romantic, a trend I see in many new NYC restaurants as well. Went with a group for a Bachelorette weekend and was able to secure a 930 reservation on a Saturday night, (apparently these are needed well in advance).The menu changes daily and is located on two chalkboards throughout the restaurant (one in French/one in English), not the most convenient way to see the selection, especially depending where you are seated.Everyone split the Lobster Poutine (which I am pretty sure is the one staple on the menu) but I wasn't too impressed, I just can't get into lobster with gravy though. I started with a tomato, cucumber and avocado puree salad topped with fried cheddar balls, which was an extremely odd pairing but sort of worked. The vinaigrette was good but too much dill was used as garnish or for flavor.Entree was really really good, short ribs and green beans, mmmm. Overall good experience.
4	Love the seafood platter, lobster poutine & jerk crabs (so spicy that I cried lol) perfectly pear with a pilsner!
2	ambiance was excellent, except though I made a reservation a month ago, we were placed in a tucked away corner right under the a/c. after freezing a few minutes and playing musical chairs, we asked our friendly, but harried, pushy and many times absent waitress if it could be turned up. she never returned with that answer, and later stated "well all the rest of us are hot." we arrived early for reservations, but were pretty much ignored until our reservation time. took 30 minutes to get wine, another 20 to get oysters. then our apps and mains came licketly split. they really wanted to turn our table way before our alloted time, despite the looong stretches of no service through out the meal. salmon pierogies were quite good, as was peach and speck salad. oysters were fine. scallops were excellent, hanger steak was great. wine selection by glass was okay but overpriced. the lobster poutine everyone raves about? we don't get it. we had poutine several times during our trip, but with this, the fries were overcooked and burned, the supposed "lobster bisque gravy" tasted no different that brown gravy and it had been sitting so long in the kitchen that the fries were a complete sog. As for cheese curds, I think we counted two. $250 dinner for 3 people. Can't recommend.
4	Let me start by stating that the unofficial dress code is Fred Perry. Once you get past the awkward stares and uncomfortable vibes from those with heavy wallets, you get some really good quality food and tasty drinks. We ordered 1 appetizer 1 entree 1 dessert and 2 rounds of drinks between 2 people and were treated like red headed step children. Once again if you are either rich or not easily offended you will have a delicious dining experience.
3	First, we love Chuck Hughes. We really wanted to love Garde Manger & did...to a certain extent. You do have to book your reservations 30 days ahead of time.  I left a lengthy email explaining that I was four months pregnant & this would be our last vacation for awhile. The Reservationist, was very helpful & got us a rez. As you read on, keep in mind that I am preggo, in our early 40s. I can not drink & my husband is nice enough to give up his wine. When we arrived there were several people smoking it up outside. I am an ex-smoker and I am the a-hole ex-smoker because I quit with such conviction that I do not crave a cigarette ever thereby I LOATHE the smell of it. But since this is "Canadia" I moved past that. When we walked inside, there was no hostess. We waited a few minutes until a really nice waiter came by and checked out our rezzz. He stated it would be 15 minutes which was fine since we were 10 minutes early. HOWEVER, two minutes, if that, after we arrived, another couple showed up, and got seated right away in the back section, behind the kitchen?!! As the night progressed we came to the conclusion that the "back section" is for friends/family/big spenders and it was rather disheartening. It became apparent there was a class divide. While we were waiting to be seated, the smokers from outside the restaurant began to trickle back in & they were pushy and shoved me and my husband out of the way as they made their way to the "back" section. If you get special privileges/seating/whatever I do not care, I was that age once BUT do not shove people around like jerks. I live in New York City being shoved and bumped is part of the reality so when I say we got shoved and pushed I mean it was excessive. The saving graces were: A.) The Bartender: I asked for no alcoholic drinks and she said they have the Virgin Caesar (type of Bloody Mary). I was not sure what that was since the music was a little loud and I could not hear her description so I asked for water. She actually came around brought us glasses and a water pitcher and put it by us. She went out of her way to get to us. B.) Our Waitress: I only kept the CC receipt and it does not have her name. She was working on 9/8 in the front dining room. I really wish I remembered her name. She is/was a GREAT waitress. She spoke English very well, she knew the menu extensively and answered all of our questions with patience and great detail.  C.) The decor is awesome with this beautiful, gigantic chandelier in the middle of the dining room. It was like a chic winter sporting lodge. The music, a bit loud, was very good and I loved every song they played. It  was all over the board from classic rock to alternative and a little 80s and Bon Jovi in there. After we ordered, there were some back-and-forth patrons that were seated behind us. They had their drinks, would go outside and have their smoke and come back in. Unfortunately, there were two guys that decided to stand right behind me, were yacking it up like high school girlfriends & elbowed me so hard in the back of the head there was a bump the next day. He slurrly apologized...whatever accidents happen and it's date night with my hubby. We ordered a few staples that were recommend on Yelp such as the Lobster Poutine, Jerk Crab Legs (both apps) and the Short Ribs (entree) and we asked our waitress for a suggestion for the second entree which she recommended the Scallops. We ordered the Clam Caesar; I got the Virgin and my husband got the normal one. I highly recommend this drink. It was really good and not salty; a perfectly balanced drink (virgin or diesel). While we waited they brought us a bread basket with cheddar butter...OMG it was sooooo good. My husband is not a big cheese fan but he loved it (there were a few pockets of salt). So far so good, our drinks were good, bread basket was good and we thought we were in for a good meal and good night. On to the apps: the "Lobster" Poutine......a.) where was the lobster? b.) first time trying Poutine, and thought we would "do it right" and we were totally disappointed. The fries were soggy, the gravy was...well it had not flavor, and there were only two little pieces of lobster in a very small bowl of soggy fries, bland gravy, tiny cheese curds and even tinier lobster pieces. Jerk Crab Legs, they were a lot of work BUT worth it. The Jerk Sauce seasoning was amazing; spicy and warm. Great to dip bread in. The short ribs, were cooked perfectly but ruined them by drowning in sauce. The Scallops were perfect BUT we got about 1/4 cup of the pureed potatoes and three scallops for $37!!! WTF?! Saving Grace....the Black Forest Cake...yummy. I see the draw to this place. It's trendy and chic and for a certain clientele. If this was a year ago, we still smoked,  & had a few bottles of wine in us, the food and other things would have been perfect. But if you are not drinking & not into the scene this is not the place for you.
4	I have saved my 700th review especially for Chuck. Last weekend in Montreal I had the pleasure of finally dining at Garde Manger. We had booked a 7pm reservation on Saturday night (booked 1 month in advance to the day, just to be sure)I want to say everything about the evening was absolutely perfect. The restaurant is small, maybe 15-20 tables in total, with a small bar at the front and an open kitchen at the back. Exposed brick walls, dark interior, incredible large kitschy chandelier type light fixture above the bar. Music was just the kind you expect after watching an episode of Chuck's Day Off - we heard Sublime, Guns N Roses and even the Hockey Night in Canada theme song.The waiter (gorgeous, of course) was attentive, friendly and knowledgeable of the menu. The food was as amazing as expected. We had two appetizers - a peach salad of some kind with charcuterie, nuts and some type of gorgonzola, and a toast of some sort with chanterelles and cheese on top. Both were excellent.The mains was where we went astray. We made the mistake of choosing 2 seafood dishes - a scallops dish and an octopus dish. Both were genuinely amazing, but the price point was absolutely ridiculous. Sorry Chuck. $37 for 3 scallops and $35 for about 100 gram piece of octopus, I was really just expecting more. Even the appetizers (priced at $12-$14) were larger portions. Folks sitting nearby did order the short ribs and the portion was much more reasonable all things considered. We shared a peach parfait to end the evening, which again was delicious.The total bill came to $230 with tax and tip. That included the cheapest bottle of red they had ($45?), two mains, two appetizers and 1 dessert. Overall an incredible dining experience with perfect food, just marred slightly for me by the portion sizes of the spendy main dishes. I think Chuck owes me some more seafood, to be honest.
4	Great drinks and great service...the lobster ceviche and the short ribs were excellent.  The spicy jerk crab was really  disappointing.
1	I have never given such a bad review but was so disappointed in this restaurant that i felt it necessary to do so. Service was okay. I asked the server to recommend some dishes and he wouldn't. The food was not good,  and while I'm fine paying for an expensive meal that I enjoyed, at garde manger, we paid for an expensive meal that was less than ok. It was the worst short rib that I've ever eaten. Flavors didn't work and was nothing special. Spicy jerk crab legs were small and had little meat, esp for the price. I didn't care for lobster poutine. It was the one thing that my husband enjoyed. The only dish I enjoyed was the lentil and goat cheese bruschetta. We came to Montreal and wanted to try garde manger because of a recommendation and the great reviews. It really disappointed.
5	This place is amazing! The menu is always changing to go with what is in season and have great sea food dishes. The last time I went I started with the foie gras and braised veal cheeks on a waffle and it was topped with a little syrup. Melt in your mouth!!Then I had the scallops with carrots and there was a few gnocchi too. The scallops were so sweet and plump. Another delight!! At this point we had no more place for dessert. But the last I was here I took the deep fried mars bar YUMMThe service is always amazing here, the staff know the dishes really well and have a great way describing it and how it would taste. It's a little on the pricy side but a definite guilty pleasure that needs to be indulge.
5	Three of us walked in without a reservation at 7:00 on a Friday night. They said we could have the best table in house if we had to returned by 9. Done. We sat right next to the open window on a beautiful night. It's a cozy spot -- full of Old Montreal character. Service was great. We had wine and long island iced teas. The seafood platter (yum), the lobster poutine (my compatriots loved, I thought was just okay) and the sardine salad (delicious). All in all a great night in Old Montreal.
5	From the moment we were seated, our lovely waitress answered our questions and was more than happy to make recommendations when (as usual) I couldn't make up my mind over 2-3 options. Her recommendations were spot on, including the bottle of red wine that my friend and I ordered. Everything just seemed delicious and worth trying! However, life isn't always that fair, SO...For the appetizers, we shared a small lobster poutine and lentil bruschetta. I would wholeheartedly suggest the bruschetta. It was fantastic and exploding with flavour! I could have never imagined it coming together as perfectly as it did. On the other hand, I had big expectations of the lobster poutine. Unfortunately it didn't quite hit the spot, as I didn't find a single chunk of lobster in my dish... The fries tasted great, so did the lobster gravy, but I did want some lobster in my lobster-poutine. C'est tout.For the mains, we ordered the walleye fish in bonito broth with speck and egg pasta, and the pork chops over eggplant and kale. While the walleye fish was good, it was a little on the salty side. However, my pork chops were mind blowing. I was skeptical, as I often find them to be overcooked and dry, but WOW... They were moist, tender, and flavorful, that's all I can begin to even say about them.Honestly, I was surprised I could even get a reservation here just a day before, but it worked. Maybe because it was in the middle of the week at a late time, but no matter what, this place is constantly on the go and so bangin'. Check it out, no matter how long the wait may be!
5	4.5/5 rounded up because I loved their tunes.The experience at Garde Manger was close to perfect, and as many previous reviewers have noted, the setting is wonderful. Our waitress was more than attentive, as were the busboys and even bartender. Our party of 4 shared 3 appetizers; oysters, octopus with fingerling potatoes and chorizo, and lobster poutine. The 3 varieties of oysters were all delicious, the octopus a little too seared for my liking, but the poutine is something that grows on you I find. The first bite might be a little confusing to the palate but I was going back for more. For mains we had; short-ribs with Stilton cheese, 2 had the rock shrimp risotto, and I had the seared scallops with potato and brussel sprouts. I tried the risotto, which was a little too al dente for me but delicious, and the scallops were so fresh and the whole dish was perfection.We didn't really have room for dessert, and two people had some of their special drinks (home-made Five Alive with gin, and a virgin classic Bloody Cesar). Next time I think we might try all apps so that we can try even more.
4	Packed and tiny restaurant in Old Montreal.  The staff is super busy but our server was great.  She helped us through some great suggestions - I was so torn to order the famous poutin, but she swayed us to another better option that wasn't so heavy straight off the bat.  We tried their massive famous Caesars which was fun - strange for dinner - usually associate bloody Mary's for brunch/breakfast but as an appetizer for dinner it was fun!  We just really enjoyed this place as our first stop in Montreal and it certainly was lively and popular!  You will have a good time!
4	Came here for dinner on a cold winter night by myself.  Thankful I was by myself because I would have found it hard to carry a conversation with the music that loud.  However, that being said, enjoyed the music.  Had the beet salad and oxtail ragout for dinner.  Both dishes were very well done.  Perhaps it was just me or the night but it felt like each dish was missing that element that would have taken it to excellent.  What was it I wanted in the beet salad - another flavor dimension perhaps?  The oxtail was good but feel like I was missing some top note that would have taken it further.  Okay som I'm splitting hairs here.  It was a really good meal and I was fully satisfied.  but perhaps not the most unforgettable meal of the past year.
4	Enjoyed ourselves mostly because we we pretty hammered when we showed up but also because we found seats at the back bar and they were playing Marvin Gaye loudly. Drank a big bottle of wine and had the Lobster Poutine appetizer. I had short ribs and my wife had lobster risotto. For dessert we shared the Bounty bar which included, among several other things, Bone Marrow Caramel. Let me say that again, Bone Marrow Caramel. For a man with the palette of your average sheltered 6 year old, this was quite a moment.  All in all, cool spot, pretty good food and pricey. Special occasion stuff imho.
2	I had really high expectations going to Chuck Hughes' restaurant. It was one of the coolest experiences vibe-wise that I've experienced at a restaurant. The wine, company, and service was excellent. The reviews from diners in our party ranged were generally good. The oyster + scallops first course looked amazing, as well as the signature lobster poutine.However, I would certainly not recommend Garde-Manger for vegetarians. The only veggie choice listed on the chalkboard was a beet and cabbage appetizer, and the waiter recommended the veggie risotto. Instead of a decadent and luscious risotto, I was presented with an overly salty risotto that was utterly forgettable. The lack of creativity here was disappointing.Which is a shame. The wine, conversation, ambiance, and music were all excellent. But my meal was a disappointment and messing up on something so basic as seasoning is never a good thing.
5	Wow what a great night! We have been there a couple of times and it is always great food, great ambiance and friendly service. Really one of my favorites!
3	Been wanting to go here for a while, so I am somewhat disappointed that it didn't exceed my expectations. We started with the lobster poutine. It was good except for the bits of lobster shell in it.  We also ordered the lobster risotto which was good but nothing special. Again this had bits of lobster shell.  The sous vide short ribs were good but then again not blown away. This had a small bit of bone attached to one of the ribs. Unpleasant surprise while chewing but considering the other 2 courses had unpleasant bits in them as well it shouldn't have come as a surprise.  Overall I wouldn't recommend it as there are plenty of other restaurants in Montreal that Id rather try than come back here again.
5	What a feast! We reserved a month ahead for a birthday celebration. The server suggested that we try the tasting menu in other to try the most popular dishes. It ended up to be a starter of fresh and delicious oysters, then four appetizers and four entrees of the kitchen's choosing. It wasn't a true tasting menu as it basically worked out as if we had ordered each dish individually. The lobster poutine was a standout, as was the ragu and veal/fois gras waffle. I loved the giant ceasar!
5	Great food, perfect atmosphere.  We went for dinner here on Saturday night.  Although the online booking site said there were no reservations, I called, left a voicemail and the hostess promptly called me back to offer counter seats. I am sooooo glad we took them. Sitting at the counter gave us the opportunity to meet David, the bartender, and to watch him make fabulous drinks all night.  He was chatty, but not at all intrusive and had great recommendations. He most certainly added to our experienceand makes an epic old fashioned cocktail. For starters, we had the lobster poutine and the endive salad. The poutine was everything we were dreaming of and more.  For main courses, we had the beef chuck and the duck breast. Both were outstanding. Perfectly portioned, culinary marvels. For dessert we had the chocolate mousse with grapefruit/passion fruit glaze.  Absolutely mouth-watering.  Can't wait to go back!!
5	Good food, good service, good experience!I wanted to try this restaurant for so long and tonight we finally went there. We were sitting at the bar which was pretty tight but that's ok. The lobster poutine was divine. Absolutely the best poutine in the world. The seafood platter was awesome too, paired with their special sauce, I just want more and more!We got the tilefish as main dish. Awesome balance of flavour with carrot, gravy-like sauce and some crunch stuff. In conclusion, expensive but tasty!
5	Just got back from a business trip and this place won my heart.  My co-workers and I enjoy good food and drinks, so we will always find anew places to go to on our travels... this place was SO good, we ate here two nights in a row!  We tried different entrees on each occasions and I can honestly say that every item we ate was equally as good!  BUT if I have to list out my favorites it would be:* Lobster Poutine ( AMAZING!)* ShortRib* Skate wing Fish* Cheesecake mousse with Dulce de LecheWe had the lovely waitress, Ada ( might be wrong spelling) both nights and she made our experience even better.  I can't say enough good things about this restaurant.  I wish there was one in California so I could back again!
2	Myself and a friend were visiting the area from The United States.  We have a friend in Montreal who was able to get us a reservation at this restaurant.  We were very excited to be able to eat here during our trip.  We had an 830 reservation and we walked from our hotel not that far away.  We arrived about 20 minutes early and we were told we could sit and have a drink at the bar.  When we approached the bar to sit the bartender asked if we had "permission" to sit at the bar, which i thought was kind of strange.  After informing him that we did have "permission", he asked us what we would like to drink.  Two of us ordered a Pinot Noir and one ordered a mixed drink.  We sat chatting until our table was ready.  The waitress was very nice but must have been very busy that evening because she was slow coming to the table.  We ordered another round of drinks.  When she came back she poured a different wine and we told her we had the Pinot Noir.  She came back to the table and told us that they didn't have any Pinot Noir that evening and wasn't sure which wine the bartender had given us. They finally figured it out and it wasn't what we had even asked for originally.  We decided to just have the original wine and let it slide being we were so excited to be there.  We ordered the Lobster Poutin to start and also placed our dinner orders.  We were served bread thankfully because it took forever to get the Poutin which the three of us ate in no time because the portion (and we ordered the meal size) was quite small.  We had to cut the lobster pieces on top so that the three of us would at least get some lobster.  We sat talking and waiting for dinner for a very long time.  Finally the food came out and we started to eat.  The waitress then came over and kept trying to clear dishes while we were eating.  We finished up dinner and were waiting for the waitress to come back to give us the desert menu but that didn't happen.  A male came over and put a small piece of cheesecake down and said this is on the house and could we please hurry because they needed our table!!! Are they kidding me.  It was not our fault that they took so long serving us dinner but now they didn't offer us a desert menu or coffee and they throw our one small desert for 3 people and ask us to hurry so they can have the table.  We paid the overpriced bill and left and got our coffee elsewhere.  Not happy was an understatement.  Overpriced, small portions, slow service (until they need your table), never offered a dessert and coffee menu.... We ate at much better restaurants during our week long trip...
4	I have been hoping to try Chuck's place for years and finally did this trip. It was great, really it was.  Would I go back?  Probably not.  The food was very good, the service even better.  We had the 6:30 seating which was nice because I understand it gets a bit loud for the 10 seating. We found the music great and although getting louder as time went on it was excellent. Was Chuck there;sadly not but the waitress was a wealth of information. Food:  Lobster poutine my friend had, she said was good but not great.  I had the best ever Caesar which turned out to be an appetizer in itself with crab (and it was fresh) and horseradish. My husband had beef ragout and he loved it.  Overall very good near excellent. I wonder if the hype doesn't pull it down somewhat.  Loved finally getting there and having the experience.
5	This review is for the lobster poutine only.Service and Ambiance:   * We visited this place just for the poutine.  It was late, so I liked the dark, Seattle bar-like (or American), energetic feel of this place.  They were playing Bob Marley too, so I was nostalgic and feeling the love.    * They were busy and closing the kitchen. But they still agreed to make us their famous lobster poutine, which was awesome.Poutine   * When in Montreal, aside from the French cuisine, you have to go to Schwartz for smoked meat and of course, you gotta try the poutine.   It is a common Canadian dish, originating in Quebec in 1950's, made with french fries, topped with a light brown gravy-like sauce and cheese curds.  We had the lobster poutine and it was delicious (compared with others I tried in Montreal).  It had big pieces of lobster and a really flavorful gravy.  I wanted to try the foie gras poutine at Au Pied du Cuchon when I dined there next day, but too much of a good thing can be detrimental to ones health. My body may never forgive me for the abuse and there were other interesting and healthier dishes to sample. Summary:Definitely worth a try, if you are in Old Montreal, if you like lobster, and if you are not too concern with getting fat from the delicious gravy and curds, along with the deep fried potatoes.  It's so good but so bad.  If you are in Seattle, my first and repeating poutine experience was at Smith.  Best spare rib poutine ever! yumm.A clarification to my comments about poutines above.    * Personally, I feel potatoes get a bad rap. No potato in its natural state is bad for us, but rather we make it bad because of how we eat it (e.g., deep fry) or when we decide to eat it (e.g., late night). A potato is a starch and it is made up of simple carbohydrates. Starch has a place in our diet.  Like everything we consume, moderation is key.     * With respect to potatoes, when our body takes in these quickly-absorbing carbohydrates we are forced to use them as energy right away or store them in fat. Unless we are headed to the gym after we eat or consume them after exercise, we are more likely to gain weight from these kinds of potatoes.  When we continually consume quickly absorbing carbohydrates, the high conversion of sugar causes a surge in insulin production. When we continually spike our insulin, we develop a resistance to insulin that has been linked to a higher risk of diabetes and heart disease.
2	Was really looking forwards to garder manger, as I've seen Chuck on TV and his food looks amazing.Ended up being pretty underwhelmed. Pretty average food at a well above average price.We had the duck breast, expresso braised short ribs, lobster poutine and jerk crab. $160 for two without dessert and a single drink.
3	What a disappointment! My boyfriend and I came here for dinner on our first night in Montreal. It took us a while to find this restaurant because they pretentiously didn't have the name of their restaurant visible.I ordered the drink of the day and my boyfriend had a beer. The drink of the day was delicious and I was happy that they weren't stingy with the alcohol.We ordered three appetizers to share: the famous lobster poutine ($19), grilled octopus ($19) and fried cod and clam ($16). My boyfriend complained that there were very little lobster in the lobster poutine and I couldn't agree more. I think I took the only piece of lobster and he was left with the bits and pieces. The fries were decent but I think I like Deville Dinerbar's fries more (especially for that price point). The grilled octopus was also done well and wasn't tough at all. However, it was nothing special to my palette. The fried cod and clams was the the worst dish because all I tasted was batter.The downfall of the night was when the host rudely confronted us because of a reservation confusion. We called earlier in the night to inform them that we would like our reservation pushed back and they nicely did it for us. Unfortunately, the person taking our call made two reservations under our name. That's why the host confronted us about the second reservation. I didn't see why he had to be so rude toward us when it wasn't our fault and the restaurant wasn't even busy (it was 6pm).Overall, we had a mediocre experience and I expected more from this restaurant.
5	Amazing food, amazing service! Had the lobster poutine which was unreal and then the streak diane add my main which was one of the best steaks I have ever had! The only downfall is the extremely loud music which prevents you from having a conversation and the loud chefs who are drinking on the job, having shots while preparing food.  The ambience was a little too dark for my liking but apart from that I would go back.
2	This WAS one of my favourite restaurants in Montreal....when you used to be able to get a reservation, and every bite of the food was like heaven. We have been going here for the last 4 years, approximately every 2 months or so. In the last year however, you're lucky if you can get a reservation. It seems that most of the tables are held for the concierges to send their out of town tourists to. The place does not have the same feel when it is FULL of tourists and the only local Montrealers are the staff. Completely different vibe, and to me, it's not better. Our last dinner was in April 2014 for anniversary, which we go every year, and this time the food was not nearly as good as it used to be, and to top it off my hubby got a nasty bit of food poisoning from the "fresh" oysters. The staff is still super pleasant, but the food quality has gone down, the atmosphere is not at all what made this place so much fun to go to before. And, of course, since I live in Montreal, it seems there's no way in hell I'll get a reservation since it seems tourists are what they save their tables for. It's really too bad, it was great, but what a sell-out.
4	Great atmosphere! I loved the music (was singing along the whole time)! Although I'm not a big fan of seafood, I managed to find myself eating here!The waitress was incredibly nice and answered all our questions and suggested great dishes. Personally, I wasn't a big fan of the menus written on a board and put up on the wall.. just because it felt awkward having to look over another table to try and read it! I'm pretty sure the people on the table didn't enjoy that either haha! But the waitress did take the time to go over the menu for us and she knew everything pretty much by heart -Thumbs up!We ordered and shared the lobster poutine, as the waitress recommended, as our appetizer! By the time we finished it, we were already quite full! They also bring you some bread and cheese as soon as you sit down!I ordered the steak which was cooked to medium-rare (and no you can't choose how well you want it cooked -didn't like that). It came with some salad on the side. Overall, wasn't that fulfilling, unfortunately. Be sure to make a reservation ahead of time if you want to find a place to sit. (Rumour alert) They apparently take their reservation seriously that they won't even cancel it or make room for a celebrity who doesn't have a reservation.
5	With the combination of succulent, expertly prepared dishes, outstanding wait staff and amazing music, it's impossible to go wrong. This resto checks all boxes and delivers the ultimate dinner experience. No trip to Montreal is complete without a visit. Plan ahead my friends!
3	I went there in March to see whats the hype is all about. Ambiance was great but food was ok and services were terrible.  Definitely not worth the price
2	Uninspired food, cold inattentive service. I will not come back.
2	Over....rated.  The ambiance of the restaurant is great, the menu is written up on the chalkboard, and our meal started off fantastically with our appetizer.  Unfortunately the Lobster Poutine is totally over hyped.  First and foremost, the amount of lobster on the poutine was pretty pathetic consisting only of two large pieces of claw.  The flavor of the gravy was bland as could be.  Since it seems every restaurant has their version of poutine, I would have expected this famous chef to kick it up a notch in terms of creativity.  Simply throwing lobster on a dish to make it "elegant" or command the ridiculous price for this dish is simply laziness.  To be honest during the entire trip, the best poutine I had was at Le Roy Jucep and it would put Garde Manger's version to shame.
3	I was really looking forward to experience this restaurant . Reservations are hard to get and I was super excited when my date and I were accommodated last minute for the first seating. The staff is super nice and the decor is cozy and trendy. We were really disappointed with the meal. The foie gras appetizer with blueberries was delicious but the piece was very small and the brioche on which it was served was too large and hidden by salad so it felt like you were having brioche with a taste of the foie gras. My Stake Diane had delicious sauce with pickled celery but the meat quality was too hard and fibrous. Our other meal was Cod, very nicely presented, a nice portion of good fish however both meals were way too salty and left us quite disappointed . Once we left the restaurant we had to immediately search for sorbet to cleanse the palate.. It's a great place to have a drink and oysters for the ambiance and service,  perhaps not for foodies.
4	As we arrived the friendly hosted greeted and seated us at our table which was in a nice corner with bench type seating. The lighting was kind of dim which i liked and the stone walls gives it that good old montreal feel. We started out with 12 juicy oysters accompanied by lovely mignonette sauce. I love oysters! and for the main i had steak something, lol, i don't remember the name unfortunately but i posted a picture of it. When my steak first arrived i was very skeptical about because it was basically covered in celery and I'm not a huge fan of cooked celery. But whatever they did to that celery made it taste amazing. The whole dish down to the cauliflower was so tasty and flavourful. For desert i ate a caramel cheesecake. it was good, the caramel was a bit overpowering though because the layer was too thick and since it was a no bake cheesecake I'm guessing, it didn't have that classic cheesecake texture. Over all i really enjoyed this place, kind of reminded me of "Joe Beef" with the whole chalk board ordeal. I will definitely go again soon! See my pictures!
2	I'm a fan of Chuck's TV personality but didn't have too-high expectations about this place. And even still, it certainly did disappoint! (Then again, it could have just been a general letdown after the euphoria of eating at Au Pied Du Cochon the night before... but more on that in another review). Anyway, let's start with the atmosphere: we had the earliest reservation available (5:30pm; not by choice) and felt like we were intruding on a casual hangout. One of the servers was DJing via laptop behind the bar. I'm usually not this critical but come on, this is an "exclusive" restaurant, have a damn soundtrack or at least surf YouTube somewhere you can't be seen. The other thing  - the bartender told us the cocktail specials - one was something with a vodka base; behind her were varied top-shelf vodkas. We were sitting at the bar so we saw her make the actual cocktail, and it was made with Smirnoff. Not a classy move, guys. Hide that stuff if you're gonna do it.Onto the food. It just wasn't very good. Tasted fresh enough, but not special or delicious by any means. The lobster poutine had like half a piece of lobster on it. We got the smaller portion and she said it wouldn't have big pieces, but it barely had ANY pieces. And the broth didn't taste very rich or lobstery either - it wasn't even salty enough. The mushroom tart we got tasted fresh but BLAND. Really bland. The bison tartare was quite good. That's all we had. The desserts didn't sound very appetizing.What a disappointment -- not to mention that this place is located in the horse-smelling touristy "old" village. Avoid it.
4	Ambience, service and food was top Knotch! Duck was amazing, as was the lobster poutine and wine selection!Thanks for a wonderful evening!
3	Although everything was satisfactory, we expected a lot more. Maybe it's been too hyped up. The 3 of us had1. Pork belly2. Duck3. Braised short rib4. Razor clams5. Scallops6. Tartar with Foie grasDrinks: Ceasar and bourbanThe food was good, but for the price we paid, we expected it to blow our minds. The ceasars were ok, and the bourban wasn't good.  We also booked (online) a month in advance and the only reservations available were for 530pm and 930pm. But during our entire meal 530-730pm, there were only 2 other tables and the restaurant only started to pick up as we were leaving. It sure would've been nice if we had been able to reserve a bit later considering the restaurant was basically empty.Like I said, everything was alright. and if it wasn't for the price, i might even come back.
5	Wonderful from beginning to end. We started with cocktails and lobster poutine. I ordered the duck and my partner ordered the pork. Both were absolutely wonderful. The meats were both moist and full of flavor. We ended our night with a blackberry and pistachio dessert that made me want to order four more.
2	The place has a really great look, but it was extremely smokey.  Both our eyes were stinging before our meals came, and we smelled like kitchen smoke for the rest of the night.  We ordered 2 old fashioneds, which bore only a slight resemblance to actual old fashioneds.  The foie gras was the best dish we tried.  Everyone raves about the lobster poutine - it was nothing spectacular.  You can get much better poutine elsewhere.    The octopus salad looked great, but was pretty bland and chewy.  The pork something bread pudding was flavorless mush.  You pay a lot here for average food in a very smokey room.
5	A definite must for those in the area.  The service was good, drinks better, food incredible.Had the 2 special cocktails for the night.  There was a sweet and refreshing pear and maple syrup cocktail w/ vodka as the base.  The other was basically a giant bloody mary garnished w/ beef jerky covered in horseradish sauce and pickles.  Not really a bloody mary fan, but the tomato juice wasn't overpowering and it wasn't too salty, so I didn't mind helping finish it off.  The beef jerky garnish didn't really do much for me, really salty, but I guess in a place like this, you can't just be serving up the standard bloody mary that the plebians drink.Started off with the Octopus, fingerlings, creme fraiche and chorizo.  The octopus was prepared soft and tender, not the usually chewiness you associate with it.  The creme fraiche added the slightest hint of sweetness to the dish.  A few celery leaves balanced out the experience.The main course was a seafood risotto and scallops w/ bacon, buttercup squash, and black truffle.The shrimp was plump and tender, with the risotto being cooked al dente.  The fried calimari that topped it off was amazing.  So light and flavorful.Scallops were cooked perfectly, which is a rarity.  You usually either get something that's cook too much or too little, which ends up being too chewy or raw and ruins the dish, but not here.Capped off the night with a couple desserts, affogato w/ grand marnier and financier topped off w/ pistachio ice cream.  I'm not gonna even bother w/ a description, it was good.Bottom line, you can't go wrong.  The food, drinks, service, ambiance, were al great.
3	Disclaimer: I have watched Chuck Hughes and wanted to try one of his restaurants. I take celebrity chef restaurants with a grain of salt and I go in with low expectations. Before I went I checked online if any reservations were available. No reservations were available so I took a risk and headed down.  To make sure I would have a chance to get in, I went right when they opened at 5:30. Much to my surprise, during the approximately two hours I was there, the restaurant wasn't full. What is up with there being no reservations available?  When I eat at "fine" dining establishments I like to order a little at a time. I don't have my entire meal planned out as I don't know how filling each course will be. Maybe after the first course I'll find the food isn't good and I will want to leave.  I started doing that and the person who served me said, "You will get better service if you order all of your food at once."  What?I've never heard that in my life. It smacked of get 'em in and get 'em out. I left after the first course. I did, however, try the house-made smoked salmon. That was delicious.
3	Ate here last night and had a mixed experience. Atmosphere and service is good. Dishes are hit and miss:Seafood platter of oysters & cold smoked salmon: greatBeet salad w/ apple, dill and buttermilk dressing: very niceLobster poutine: very salty and not much lobster (19$)Beef cheek gnocchi: too salty, greasy and some odd Asian flavors mixed in  (the biggest looser of the night.) Venison served rare: delicious.
2	Not going to be long winded but here goes. Drive 6 hours to get here. Our server Chelsea was fantastic. Atmosphere was good. Lobster poutine.....barely any lobster or gravy or cheese and had to pull 2 lobster shells out oft mouth. Pretty much a bowl of fries. Seafood risotto......started off great until chewing on unshelled shrimp. Not at all appetizing since bill for table of 4 was over 300.00 . Will not be back
2	Food here is good but overpriced for what it is. $35 for 3 scallops?? I really take issue with 1. The wine list-every bottle is greater than $50. Which I find obnoxious but would be fine with if it was decent. My $65 of Canadian Riesling tasted like it should have been $12. My second issue was with the extremely poor service. When spending $300 on a dinner for 2 I expect to not have to flag down my waitress on multiple occasions. We wound up skipping dessert because the service was just terrible and we couldn't wait anymore.
