5	I like this store- I have a member card so I save 10% every time I make a purchase- believe me, it's worth it. (Also a Hawaiian Miles Mall participant. Free shipping on the website with orders of $50 or more.) I don't shop here when it's regular price- hey, these prices are high. I come here a few times a year when there are two big sales. I buy in bulk so I can give the items as gifts- I shop year-round so I always have gifts on hand, for female friends, anyway. That's one of my shopping secrets. In addition, there are other promotions as well, such as "Buy 2 - get 1 free." Since I belong to the e-mail club, I get the updates and that's how I am in the know. I really love the Body Butter products ( mango, coconut, shea butter, vitamin E, cocoa butter, raspberry, just to name a few- so often imitated, but not perfected), the gifts (no-brainer gift idea), and the foot kits (great as gifts, but I use it too). This one's convenient on my way from work to my home. I park outside near the valet area, and go right in- it's usually a quick trip, just safer that way (to stay within my budget). It's small, but these store so often are- all across the board. Nicely stocked, always clean, clearly marked, nice displays, good products, great sales a few times a year- it's easy to shop here.
4	Aromatherapy is supposed to be good to help heal oneself.  But if it will uplift my spirits, I will try almost anything.  When I smelled the chocolate line it is indeed as delicious as real chocolate confections.  I am nervous about overeating especially since I can't exercise due to the muscle damage & pain. Here goes sensory overload...Next I whiffed the almond body butter which is good smelling too.  Too bad no peanut butter but  I thought I saw a warning sign not to eat these gels, scrubs, & butters.  I'll update as I make a scientific medical analysis.  I think it's working already.
4	I ventured to The Body Shop specifically for a rose oil hand treatment that was reccomened to me by a co-worker as the skin under my wedding band and engagement ring has become agitated lately. Unfortunately this Body Shop is located in the Boulevard Mall, but fortunately for me it is not far from my house. And luckily - the store front is very close to a main entrance so I do have to wander too far into the mall to get here.I don't come here very often because I find their lotions and products to be overly pricey. I can usually go to Sephora and find equivalents that are cheaper. But since I was going for a specific thing, my trip was palatable. I quickly found what I was looking for and then was rung up by a nice enough employee. Of course, she asked me if I had their silly member card to which I replied no. In actuality I used to have it, but it expires after a year of not being in use - so what's the point anyway? These loyalty cards are becoming increasingly annoying to me.Overall the shop was clean, the service was fine, and I found what I needed.
5	I decided to go to The Body Shop today to get one of those diffusers. I think that's what they're called. I chose to go to the Boulevard Mall because it's suffering. I took a walk around and it's suffering because of the crap stores that are in there. Not all of them, but a good amount are pure CRAP. And it was depressingly empty. Anyway, I went specifically to buy Avon and go to The Body Shop. As I was approaching the store, two girls were out front with some cream asking if I wanted a sample. I respectfully declined and said I came to buy a diffuser. One of the girls, Brandy, said I can help and followed me in. She took me straight to the diffusers and explained in detail the pros and the cons of each. I chose a specific one and she asked if I needed anything else. I said I don't know, what else do you have. I won't go into detail but I will say this; the manager, regional manager, district manager and any other superior should get down on their hands and knees and be thankful that they have such a dedicated, passionate employee that was product educated. I told her I used Avon for foot care and she asked me what about that particular product kept me going back to buy it again, and I told her, and she explained the finer attributes of her products without ever dissing Avon. Even though I did not purchase that product I knew more about her product that might influence my next purchase. Her question and response was phenomenal in my opinion and anyone who is in retail should make these inquiries their mantra. Competition is tough, good customer service is tougher and harder to find. Items I normally buy elsewhere were appealing to me today so I bought them. I saved money and I felt really good when I left the store. That's what it's all about. Kudos to you Brandy for a job well done! You heard me..... ; )
