3	I heard them talking about this place on the radio and decided to pay a visit.  It's located in the former open,closed, open again, closed again Quiznos on Park road near Selwyn ave.  I had a Philly and tried the fries and lemonade.  The sandwich was pretty good but expensive.  Seriously, I get that good food should cost something but I was taken back by the price.  The fries were ok.  Could be great if they had vinegar.  Overall, it's a nice alternative to all the other sandwich places around the area.
1	Disgusting! I just went there for a quick bite. As I waited in line, I witnessed the manager take an order, touch several things  and without washing his hands or putting on gloves, start making someone's food. Worst part.. he was making a Philly Cheese and a piece of the raw steak was hanging off the bowl. So, once again with bare hands he grabbed it and put it back then with the same hand grabbed peppers for the sandwich. Forget how disgusting that is.. but it is a health concern since he is contaminanting the vegetables with raw meat. Then to top it off, he answered the phone and then put his hands back into the raw vegetables. Never once washing his hands or wearing gloves. I am pregnant and something like that can make me very very sick as well as make my baby sick. I walked out without ordering because I was so disgusted!
3	This is a relatively new and clean Penn Station, despite what one of the other review may lead you to believe. No problems for me like the other reviewer had (she said she was pregnant so maybe the hormones were ragin' that day, I don't know). Good hot subs. The chocolate chunk cookie is to die for but it's 400 calories so I should expect it to be good.
2	Are the subs good?  Yes.  Is the steak grilled fresh?  Yes?  Do they use MSG to make the meat taste better than it actually is?  Yes.  For the last reason they get two stars.
4	Been meaning to try them for a while. I was craving a cheesesteak and expecting a cheesesteak at least at the level of the mall food court, but this was much much better. The steak, mushrooms, banana peppers and bread were all noticeably fresh. The fresh cut fries were solid. Their fresh squeezed lemonade rivals chickfila's. note: this is not a subway type of sub shop. you wont find too many light or healthy options, but you can create your own sandwich. the employees were super nice and the meal wasn't expensive at all. if you're looking for a nice, great tasting sub and not afraid of calories, then definitely check them out.
2	The food was fine... Fresh and hot and melty cheese.The time to table and the service was awful. My son and I stopped by on our way home from the gym - we were tired, hungry and sweaty. Placed an order for two 8" subs and one 6" sub, an order of fries and two drinks. We were directed to walk to the other end of the restaurant to pay... Not a problem. I am waiting to pay. And waiting to pay. And waiting to pay. No one is manning the register - three people working and maybe 8 customers in the store, no one in line and no one is working the register. I send my son to go wash his hands. I am still waiting to pay. I give him the money when he comes back and I go to wash my hands. When I return he is still waiting to pay. I wasn't about a need to pay for my order... What I really wanted was some cups so we could get our drinks - we were dying of thirst.I called out to the woman working and asked if we could go ahead and pay. She said sure and then rang up some guy who had just walked in to pick up a to go order. By this time we have literally been standing at the counter for 8 minutes. Eventually she rang us up after ANOTHER to go order... And then told us to sit down and they would bring us our sandwiches. I had to ask her for the cups.When we got the sandwiches they were tasty... For some reason they cut the 6" sub in half which seemed silly and the fries were served in the basket with my son's sandwich instead of in a separate cup. All in all... Meh. Subway is faster, less expensive and didn't notice a huge difference in taste or quality to convert me...
3	Friendly service, decent food. Would return.
4	I've been a fan of Penn Station subs since I tried them in KY and my experience at the Park Road location has remained true to form.  My favorite is the chicken teriyaki (all the way) and it's always fantastic.  And their fries are so fresh and delicious.  I've never witnessed any unclean actions on the part of the employees, so all-in-all, I'm a satisfied customer!
5	I love Penn Station, this is in my top five of sandwich shops.  I first started going to the one in Rock Hill, so I am glad they brought one to Charlotte!I love the flavor of their subs! Their hot subs are really their speciality.  I love the philly, pizza, and sausage subs the best.  The chicken parm is also good.  Kevin loves their Italian.  I also like their fresh cut fries, but a real treat is their chocolate chip cookie.  I should have never tried those things, they are awesome.  The vanilla flavor in the cookie, chocolate chunks, just yummy! If you can be good and wait until you get home to eat it, I suggest putting the cookie in the microwave for a few seconds, it is melt in your mouth good - just like it came out of the oven!I wish they did something for their regular customers, like buy so many subs get one free.  They have the monthly sub deal, but I don't care about drinks or sometimes don't care about that months sub.  I've joined their email club, but coupons are rare.Overall, love their subs!
4	I can't really believe I've writing a review about a chain sub shop...I'm hoping none of my Philly friends see...but the hot artichoke sandwich at Penn Station East Coast Subs is a game changer. The herb mix they use with the (optional) sauteed mushrooms and artichoke hearts is great Their fresh cut fries are really tasty. The fresh squeezed lemonade is awesome. The manager brought around free hot-from-the-oven chocolate chunk cookies. It helps that Penn Station East Coast Subs is a really convenient place to stop in while running errands.
3	I love Penn Station!  I have been a fan of this place for several years, and I am so glad this place has been right now the road from my job.  They have delicious hot subs and some of the best fries when you get them hot.My favorite subs here are the Italian, the Grilled Artichoke (a great vegetarian option), and their Club.  If you prefer to choose your own toppings, their Dagwood allows you to do just that.  You can get their subs cold or toasted, and they come in four different sizes.  As for sides, you can get a bag of chips to go with their subs, but you would be sorely missing out on their great fries.  When they are fresh, they are simply bomb-diggity!  And if you're craving something sweet, their chocolate chip cookies really hit the spot.This location is pretty convenient and reasonably quick.  You can call in your order and come pick it up or wait in there.  I will warn you that the wait area by the register is very small and gets cramped with one or two people there.  Sometimes the fries are not completely fresh, although most of the time they are pretty good about it here.  Additionally, sometimes this location takes a long time to get orders around.  Still, they do a decent job here.Overall, I give this location 3.5 stars.
5	Perfect! I wrote a review for the steel creek location and it was just an awful experience. Park rd was awesome! They listened, my food was great and done just as I wanted, and they gave me great customer service! What more could I want :-)
1	So places that sell subs sometimes do salads and I stopped in for this.  This place is close to my new place and I'd never been before so I decided to check it out after work one evening.  I asked if they did salads and the worker told me they could make any sub into a salad.  I chose the chicken teriyaki and was shocked when I got home and opened the box.  They literally cooked chicken, cheese and mushrooms on the grill like they would for a sandwich and put it on top of chopped iceberg lettuce! Yuck! I will never go back! Gross, I had to throw it away.
5	Excellent!!!  Best sub I've ever had. My son-in-law turned me on to this place one Sunday after working all morning building a fence.I had the best Philly Cheese Steak ever (although I've never been to Philly). I'm pretty sure it's the best you could find in Charlotte. Come to think of it, I have never seen a Philly Cheese Steak on other sub shop menus - And granted, I was starving that Sunday afternoon, and would have probably eaten a bologna sandwich on white bread. So, just to be sure, I've been back a few times since and every time enjoyed the subs.If you've never been there, give it a try. You'll love it. They make the subs to order, hot or cold, a large selection of meats, cheeses and toppings, unlike other sub shops.  And the price is right.Just writing this review is making me hungry. See you at Penn Station.
5	For a quick, inexpensive cheesesteak, this place can't be beat. Better than D'Angelos or Jersey Mikes. Fast and friendly. Also, homemade French fries. From real potatoes that can be seen from the counter.
