4	Great steaks and martini's, one of this earth's ultimate combinations.Having not been to a Morton's in awhile and continuing our ongoing quest for steakhouses across America, we settled on this Morton's only about 50 paces from the Ritz-Carlton front door.With your usual steakhouse decor of wood, subdued lighting and dark colors we found it inviting from the start. Nothing peaks the taste buds before a good steak like an icy cold vodka martini and this one did not disappoint. A generous pour shaken with just a twist of lemon is just what 007 had in mind.Steak wise, the "Chicago" style 24 oz. bone in rib-eye was cooked to perfection. A nicely marbled piece of meat correctly charred on the outside leaving a nice flavorful juicy medium-rare on the inside. This paired with a very decent Whitehall Lane cab and sides of creamed spinach and split baked potato rounded out a satisfying meal.  While "chains" can sometimes become diluted and uneven, it's refreshing to see that Morton's still live up to their name and reputation. This one is worthy of repeat visits.
4	I've always had consistent quality of food and service here.  Standard menu....everything is a la carte.  I've been to this specific location about half a dozen times....I recommend City Hall or Mastro's (N. Scottsdale), over Morton's.  But between Fleming's and here, it's a tossup.  I would eat at either....but I would probably choose Fleming's over Morton's.
3	We went to Morton's tonight with the intention of having the $19.78 Make-A-Wish burger. Pricey for a burger, but it was at a steak house, and for a good cause. With the desire to end on a good note, here's the ugly:1. It's in the Camelback Esplanade, easily the most screwed up yet supposedly upscale shopping center in the valley that smells like poo.2. If one of the things that makes you "cool" is a verbal menu, you might want to make sure your servers know the menu. As a teacher, I have a fair amount of patience and mercy. Had we spent $200+ on dinner, which if we had partaken of their "normal" menu would have easily been the case, I would have been miffed. As it was, I was amused and a little concerned for the young man's career.3. If Big Wong's Chinese on Indian School can consistently serve me a flawlessly cooked and completely grit-free dish of scallops for $10, why can't you manage it? 4. You're a steak place. If you can't cook my burger correctly, do you think I'm going to risk $50 on a steak? Just sayin'... I know Ruth's Chris and Capital Grill can do it right.Alright. It wasn't a TOTAL waste of time and money:1. Hubby liked his 5-onion soup. I thought it was too thick and had an odd herbal or even floral bouquet. But I am not the French Onion soup connoisseur.2. In spite of the done-ness issue, the burger was very well seasoned and tasty overall. You had a choice of 4 cheeses, onion and mushroom saute, and a side dish (any of their potato options or their standard salads). The Lyonnaise potatoes were really good, as was my baked potato, and as large as my two fists together).3. The drinks were tasty and strong, but expensive. Their beer selection is crap. Ooops. What happened to the positive note? Extra star for the charity tie. There you go.
4	The bone in rib eye keeps me coming back... juicy, tender, crispy-fatty and with intense steak taste, they always make me fat and happy. The other cuts (which my husband orders for some unknown reason, and I try) are good but aren't the standouts like the rib eye. It's all about the beef here, and if that's not what you are seeking, you'll be left wondering what the fuss is about. I know, it's a chain, it's as un-hip as it comes, but some days the dark "good ol' boys" atmosphere is perfect for tucking oneself away in a booth and devouring a hunk of beef and bottle of wine. There are simply times when it feels good to just be part of the middle-aged crowd and treated like a grown up. Heck, mid 40s is downright YOUNG here! At the bar, a sliced NY strip is available, which the husband and I sometimes share. Many think the bar is too small, but if you come early it's usually almost empty, the martini selection is great, and the bartenders are personable. Service runs from good to excellent. last night my husband ordered a glass of Australian zin that was so oaky if was like licking a board. The server observed that the wine wasn't being enjoyed and insisted on taking it off the bill despite our insisting that we 9ok, my hubby) chose, so we're happy to pay for it. they brought us a taste of an alternative which was very tasty (and not over-oaked, indicating 1) we should have asked them for advice; and 2) they know their wines, but selected a couple nice glasses of port instead. Another big selling point is the AMC theater upstairs, a perfect place to sit and let the food and wine metabolize before driving home.
5	Its a mint to eat here my wife and I used to each here before BC (before children) and its pretty damn wonderful. The wait staff it there for you to wait on YOU. They are excellent, they want you to be happy they want you to have an excellent menu, they want their tip. It is the old school-old world eats the steak is so tender you can slice it with a fork the lobster my wife had was massive and excellent. And they will shell it for you, you know how hard it is to get at the meat of these things. The wine is excellent and its a wonderful place to visit if you can take out a low interest loan. Our bill out the door with tip was $310.00 for two people but that was years ago and I know it has not gotten cheaper.
4	I've yet to try their dinners- however their happy hour is fab! Delicious 5 bucks a pop for iceberg wedge bites (tastyy mm) and had a few of their crabcakes (hitting close to my fave!) think they may have the best deals as far as a happy hour menu goes!
5	I cannot say enough good things about Morton's. The boyfriend and I celebrated Valentine's Day there last weekend and we could not have had a better experience.We saw on their website that they are running a special -$99 dinner for two. What an amazing deal. You get salad, steak, seafood, 2 sides and dessert! You cannot beat it.We each started with a caesar salad, which was huge! It was very good - not too heavy on the dressing. But I didn't want to eat too much because I knew we had so much more coming.The deal comes with a half filet mignon for each person which is still a good size portion and your choice of seafood on the side. I ordered the bacon wrapped scallops and boyfriend ordered the shrimp. Each came in an order of three so we shared. The steak was done just right, it was so tender and tasty. And the seafood was amazing. The shrimp was in this buttery sauce that I just loved. It was almost better than the steak. For our sides we chose potatoes lyonaisse (sp?) and sauteed mushrooms. The potatoes were tasty and the mushrooms were a great compliment to the steak - a really nice combo.For dessert we each got a piece of their chocolate lava cake with a scoop of ice cream - very rich and very good. The cake was moist and the ice cream helped cut the richness of the fudge.I think some of the servings may have been smaller (like if you ordered the shrimp as an appetizer I think you get more than 3) but it was still more food than we could finish. We took a good portion of it all home and ate it as part of a meal the next day.The service was excellent, and the atmosphere pleasant.  The only thing I didn't think was up to par was the bread. It's a big loaf of onion bread that was a little hard to cut and it just wasn't that great. Rolls would be better but hey, you don't want to fill up on bread anyway right? So not a big deal.Morton's is perfect for a special occasion or if you just want to make an occasion special.
3	Steak was good, sides were jus O.K. The waitress was hot, that always helps. The service was excellent, the food is average and kind of expensive for what it is.
3	If you like food consistency, then Morton's is for you.  The menu has been the same for as long as I can remember, but the food is always good.  I'm over the table-side presentation; pretty familiar with what broccoli and a potato look like.  Our waiter was so nervous trying to remember his script.  I pointed to the menu and ordered the Lobster Bisque (deliciously creamy with heat from white pepper) and the appetizer Shrimp Alexander.  Was served the dinner portion of the shrimp, but didn't make a fuss since it was my husband's birthday.  They did a nice job for my husband's birthday with pretty sprinkles on the table and birthday printed menus and desert.  He loved his filet.
5	Great selection of steak and seafood. Not a place you go without increasing the limit on that Visa a little. We got the special salad, steak, seafood, 2 sides and dessert. After all was said and done we paid a little less than$200.00 for for an amazing meal and two glasses of wine for two people. It was worth every penny. We both got the Fillet Oskar, crab cakes,  asparagus, mashed potatoes, cheese cake, and the Merlot. It was a cozy 1940's type atmosphere with dim lights and attentive wait staff. It made me feel fancy :)
4	Great steak.  I ordered the porterhouse cooked medium and it certainly did not disappoint.  The cesar salad was nothing special.  The lobster bisque was outstanding.  Service was about what I expected.  They go out of the way to meet your every need.  Personally, I don't really like that kind of over the top service, but I know this is how these places roll, so I can put up with it.
5	Such a great steakhouse! I could not have been more impressed with the experience. It started with a knowledgeable bartender that put together a refreshing gin mixed drink and a solid gin martini (I always recommend Hendricks).  For dinner, started with the oysters which were very good. For dinner I got the double cut bone in fillet. Talk about an amazing flavor! I really appreciated being able to see an example the cut prior to cooking the meat, very nice touch. For dessert, I had the chocolate lava cake, which was delicious. The server was nice enough to give us a free VIP after dinner cocktail. I will be going back.
4	Attended a buzzcation event tonight at Morton's. The venue was great and the right size for the amount of attendees, the food was GREAT and the service was the best I have seen at an event of this size. They served endives with blue cheese, salmon pinwheels, filet sandwiches and a tomato brioche that was superb. I hope they re book here for another event - either way I am sure to go back.
3	Ok, it is a good steak, but not nearly the best I have had...that would be Cattleman's outside of ale Paso. And certainly do not feel we got what we paid for. We shared a meal and still paid over $200. Bartender was rude. We complained. Management was respectful of us and got us our cocktails herself and comped them. Not good enough for the money. Will not return.
2	I travel frequently, work late, and don't always have time to make reservations before a late meal opportunity. We were greeted In an unwelcoming manner at 9pm at this Morton's. That along with waiting a solid 10 minutes before getting menus just made us feel even more "rude". The stuffy vibe needs to change for us to come back....Morton's is nice and convenient from the Ritz,  but i'd drive the extra few miles to City Hall next time.The food was good although the Seafood platter - oysters, lobster, crab were below average compared to other Mortons. Steak is probably better in the desert.
5	We came in late at 9:30 on a friday night after being turned away by another place at 8:50. Mortons was happy to see us! They treated us beautifully. I had the filet and my husband had the rib eye. A lucious dinner with all the trimmings. Pricey yes, but at least you get the very best here. Our server was wonderful and she made us laugh the entire evening. A wonderful place and it was beautiful and very club like inside.
2	I do not give 1 star reviews based upon a bad experience unless everything was terrible.  I try to be very fair.  So on the plus side:Great Ambiance and DecorStaff was very polite and friendlyOn the negative side- Rather then  write  it all out again, I will simply place what I sent as a complaint through Morton's Website. To whom this may concern:I want you to know that I will be placing this on yelp and also on my face book account to document how seriously upset I am at the night I had at Morton's.  The location I visited was 2501 E. Camelback Rd. Phoenix, AZ 85016. I am not a person that looks for free stuff, nor am I a person that normally goes this far with a complaint. Tonight is different, tonight was the night me and my wife were to celebrate our 2nd year anniversary. We got to your establishment early and everyone was exceptionally nice. The only issue we had with your floor staff was we had to wait for a while for tea and water refills. Other than that everyone was very accommodating.  Now unfortunately our table had a direct view of your pass through window and the two chefs standing there.  This is where our story takes a drastic turn for the worst. You see your restaurant had a total of 4 tables occupied so your chefs were bored.  One chef , a younger man wearing glasses,  folded his arms and then placed his hands inside the pits of his arms.  Now I understand that he has a chef coat on, but it seemed a little unprofessional. That is until we saw the second chef,  an older man with a mustache.  I will never in all my days forget this disgusting person.  This man started by picking what was either scabs or calluses on one of his hands. Notice I said picking them, not scratching his hand,  but actually picking  things off his hand and throwing them to the ground.  Then, he took off his chef hat and started scratching his scalp. Now at this point my wife was giggling a little bit because she was so shocked this was happening.  Then I think I threw up in my mouth a little when I saw the man actually pick his nose and then run his hand back and forth across his nostrils.  Right after we see this our salads arrived.  They were nicely prepared and tasted great. A couple bites into my salad I noticed something strange on one of the anchovies. That's when I pulled about an inch long whisker out of my salad. It had a nice large root  on the end which tells me it was pulled and not one that just accidently fell in. So it is very obvious to me that your kitchen staff in general doesn't understand the importance of hygiene and food preparation.  My wife walked out of the restaurant and I called for the manager.  Now the manager took my information and stated Morton's would be contacting me.  He also was very empathetic and apologized several times.  However, he said something to me that astounded me. He said this is not the norm for Morton's. He said you strive to be the best and give your customers great food and service. He told me that Morton's employees never do what this older chef did and that he would be dealt with immediately.  Now I really believe the manager believes what he is saying, However, I am not sure if he is truly looking at his employee's with unbiased eyes.  If Morton's employees hold such high regard for hygiene and service then why didn't anyone of the other employees ever say anything about this older chef? There was a third person, a stockier build gentleman in a white shirt that was leaning over the pass through talking to both chefs while all this was going on. Why didn't he say anything? Why, was he there talking to the chef's anyway? He didn't even have a hair net on, yet he is leaning through a pass through were food is being prepared,  cracking  jokes and  distracting people from what is actually a fairly dangerous job. My salad which probably was never touched by either one of those chefs had a whisker in it. A whisker that had been pulled out of someone's body as you could tell by the big root on it. So I am sorry to say this but either the manager who was truly nice and trying to do damage control is not is not paying attention, or he has other responsibilities that are taking him away from quality control and staff regulation. Then to add insult to injury, I had to pay for using the parking garage.
4	I wanted to update my review, by letting people know that the Morton's team got a hold of me. They set us up at the Scottsdale location with a pretty substantial gift certificate. Both GM's at each location were kind and courteous.  There is only one reason I can not give five stars.  Simply put, Morton's just doesn't have the bang for the buck when it comes to food. Yes, the food is good. Yes the streaks were good. Yes the steaks and sides were big enough to share. Standard restaurant has 100 to 150 percent mark up on wine. That means a 15 dollar bottle of wine is 30 to 45 dollars. I paid 60 dollars for a $13 bottle of wine. 21 Dollars for a shrimp Cocktail with 2 shrimp. Please understand I realize you pay for ambiance and yes I know the steaks are USDA prime.
4	I'm reviewing Happy Hour (they call it 'power hour').  I always look to yelpers to help me know what to order.  So here you go.The bartenders always say that the filet sandwiches are the most popular but the hamburgers are the best.  I've had both. Both are good - but you know how awesome a good burger is don't you?  Get those.Also must get the iceberg wedge bites.  How smart to make them small - and easy to divide up between the husband and I.  So happy.The chicken - skip it.  Or just drive through McDonalds and get some on the way home if you want chicken nuggets.The crab is good.  We only got it once cause my sister-in-law was visiting and insisted on getting them (we're stuck in our burger and iceberg wedge bite rut).  So ok, they are the best crab cakes I've had in years - really almost all crab and not all breading like other places.  But they serve them on little buns with bacon and lettuce - which is ok and if you're inventive you could pull the crab cakes off the buns eat them as crab cakes, then eat a little blt sandwich.The drink menu is limited, but it's one reason we go there.  Why don't more places have a Manhattan on the happy hour menu? grrrr - leaves us going here or Donovan's all the time (which btw has the bigger and better Manhattan on the happy hour menu - they use Woodford Reserve - mmm - but the food is limited, and I find Mortons bar more cozy).  They do have a couple girly drinks - a Cosmo and some Palm Beach thingy.Oh, and if you like a crowded rowdy popular happy hour, either go elsewhere, or come here late on game nights - visiting teams will often stop by after the game is over.
5	Dinner last night was fabulous...again! Thanks to Jared for the service that is ALWAYS excellent. The New York was cooked to perfection and the sides were fantastic too! Great food and great service...It never fails!!!!
5	Morton's is the quintessential steak house. While others feel it is a place for the "good old boys", it is none the less, one of the absolute prize steakhouses of the world. Morton's is a chain, and can be found in many countries of the world. I have eaten in many of them ranging from Hong Kong to New York and the food is consistent wherever you choose to go.Drinks at Morton's are nothing to sneeze at. They are always made with premium brands and are more than adequate for most people. (Their chocolate Godiva martini is to die for!)A word of warning - all food at Morton's is a la carte, and portions are big. Should you order a tomato as a salad expect to see one of the largest and most succulent tomatoes on your plate, perfectly presented. Morton's has a large assortment of entrees ranging from lobster bisque to shrimp cocktail (not sure if those are shrimp or small lobsters) to tuna tartar, crab cakes and perfect oysters on the half shell. Always remember that portions are huge and you still have the main course coming!Speaking of main courses - in a word - unbelievable.The portions, once again, are huge, and their meats are all true prime. Your waitperson will wheel a cart of the meats to your table so that you can make your selection. Watch out for that 3 pound lobster - It's alive on the cart and just could nip your finger if you get it too close!For a real treat try the porterhouse or the Chicago bone in rib eye. Truly amazing to eat. The prime rib (Friday and Saturday only) are wonderful but if you want it you will need to come early - it's a limited cut of beef at the restaurant - when they run out that's it for the night.For lighter fare they also have assorted fish and chicken dishes as well as spectacular lamb chops.For sides, try the creamed spinach, the Lyonnaise potatoes, or share a small football sized baked potato.Desserts are legendary at Morton's. Some like the chocolate souffle must be ordered at the beginning of the meal, but oh are they worth it. The desserts are made with the same care as the entire rest of the meal and are just as fattening! For a change of pace, try their fresh berries - you won't be disappointed and it will help with your waistline. Do plan on bringing a doggie bag (perhaps several doggie bags) home with you.Sanitation is impeccable, and the bathrooms are gorgeous. This is a terrific special occasion place. Valet parking out front.I rate this a 5 star restaurant. (Expensive but worth every penny)
5	Hubby and I decided since we were visiting Scottsdale and part of the trip we had a tumultuous time we had to have a special dinner and treat. I booked a reservation on Open Table for the same day. When we entered the restaurant the maitre'd greeted us with a nice smile and hello. He notice we were both wearing dark pants and gave us black napkins to ensure that lint from the white napkins would not get on our dark clothing. We were seated immediately and given menus. The waiter came and got our drink orders and returned back with them in less than 5 minutes. We already knew what we wanted to order as I looked at the web site and noticed that Morton's had a special prixe fix menu. The menu was salad (wedge or caesar), fillet mignon, 1 side and a dessert for $109. My husband upgraded to the rib eye instead of having the single cut fillet mignon. Both steaks were cooked and seasoned to perfection and the baked potato was HUGE! The waiter came with a tray of all the fixings needed to load up a potato. The only thing that was not on the tray was chives. When I asked for chives the waiter went back to the kitchen and immediately brought back chives and sprinkled them on my potato. The dessert was a choice of key lime pie or creme brulee which was exciting. Creme brulee is my favorite dessert and key lime pie is my husband's favorite. Needless to say we were satisfied all the way around. The waiter knew how much I loved creme brulee and when we got to the dessert course he joked that there was no creme brulee that day. I was briefly taken a back but the waiter could not hold a straight face and began laughing and said he was just kidding. It was really funny and we all had a good laugh. The food was great and the service was AWESOME!!! Thanks Morton's for making our visit that was full of drama much better and from then on the trip got better. Yes we will definitely visit Morton's in Phoenix again.
5	At the end of the day, you just want someone to take care of you.  OUR someone is the Gen'l Mgr, Michael Colleluori and bartender, Jared....we receive such great service and its the one place that we can go and KNOW that our food will arrive, hot and delicious.  Cajun style, bone-in Rib Eye, is what I'm talking about!!  Perfectly cooked (thanks, chef!) along with some lyonnaise potatoes and salad.  Topped off with heavenly cheesecake and now I just need someone to drive me home!  (which reminds me!  Shout out to the valet!!)  Thanks again for a great evening!
5	Heaven! That is all I have to say!
