5	Such an awesome shop! I was excited a year ago to buy Baldwin and Imogene+Willie jeans because they were 100% made in the USA. Now Lawless Denim & Co comes to town and has me buying jeans that aren't just made in the U.S., they're made right here in downtown Phoenix!Nick was the denim smith on hand to help me out. He had me try on two pairs and I walked out with one. He was friendly and thorough, went over all the details as to where the fabric was from, the difference between getting them off the rack and the various options I had if I wanted a custom pair. That's right, they will custom fit you for your own jeans.I did not go with a custom pair, I bought off the rack. Off the rack jeans come un-hemmed, but they will hem them while you wait! No having to come back a week or two later!They store is really great, from the vintage sewing machines, a variety of products from shoes to belts to Bison Made (another local company doing big things) wallets and straight razors. I will be back, this time I'm thinking I need something custom!
5	Outstanding customer service and a an opportunity to obtain custom made denim clothing made especially for you!  Nick was fantastic, taking the time to explain quality, details, choices.  Amazing selection of high quality selvedge denim fabric to choose from for your creations.  Traditions made contemporary as they put their talented team to work.  Enjoyed seeing all of the cool old industrial sewing machines displayed and being used right in downtown phoenix!
5	What an amazing place!  If you want jeans made right for you then this is the place.  You have a couple choices for your jeans.  You can buy the premade styles they have there and they will hem the lengths to fit or you can pay a bit more and get exactly what you want from the denim, to the stitching, to the buttons.  It is so great!  We walked in on a whim and we were greeted right away and had things in the store explained.  They use 100 year old machines to make jeans the old way and they are incredible quality.  I can not wait to get some jeans here!  Prices are so reasonable!!!
1	at first everything was great with this company. but then it all went sour. first it took more than a month for my order to even be looked at. by time i was contacted to let me know that my jeans will soon go into production i was sick of waiting and told them i wanted to cancel my order. they ignored this request and made the jeans anyway. then they sat forgotten about on the shelf for another 3 weeks before someone finally got back to me and told me they couldn't cancel the order cause the jeans had been made and that they somehow lost track of them and never sent them to me. i understand that once my jeans are made i can not get a refund but the fact that i tried to stop the order before the jeans were made and that request was ignored is what angers me. all i request is a full refund due to the companies failure to provide the product as they promised .
1	I hate to break your bubble of great reviews but I recently had an awful experience with this company. My wife and I stumbled into this place on March and thought we would treat ourselves to some custom denim. Nicholas the GM, seemed pleasant to work with and did our fitting for a pair of Men's denim Jeans and a ladies mini skirt. The next morning I called lawless denim and spoke with Nicholas the GM and asked if there was anyway I could request a special color threading, I informed them that I would be more than willing to pay extra. 2 weeks went by and not a single call back or email letting me know if this was possible. So I took it upon myself to walk into the store to see if there was any progress. When I arrived the GM Nicholas was not in and the other manager Melissa had but didn't seem to know what was going on so I requested to have Nicholas the GM call me. I waited another 5 days again with no call back so I took upon myself to call them again, this time Nicholas the GM answered. There was no apology for the lack of follow up and when I asked about the thread he said it would be too much work for me??  To say the least I was a bit disappointed with the fact that I waited all this time for nothing. The following day I decided to call again because I got the impression that Nicholas the GM made no effort to help me. This time I spoke to Melissa, I informed her of the issues and she informed me that they could get the threading I requested but now I would have to wait after already waiting 2 plus weeks I'd have to wait 7-10 day plus that didn't include the build time of the jeans so now I'd be waiting nearly a month with an additional cost of $289.  Yikes!!I asked them to please compromise with me since I had been waiting patiently and had already informed the GM Nicholas that I would be happy to spend the extra money to get what I requested but now we were looking at a month later. They were unwilling to compromise so I informed them to go ahead with the original request but that I would need them a day earlier then the deadline of 2 1/2 weeks. Melissa informed me that it would be no problem. So then 2 days before I needed to have them I called again and was informed that I should come in for my second fitting. I came down on my lunch hour and the jeans were NOT READY!!!!! So I left and came back later in the day. To say the least I was very upset at this point, I felt I had made many efforts and had a lot of my time wasted. Then to make things even worse when I came back the MATERIALS I REQUESTED WERE NOT CORRECT!!!! WTF?? Nicholas the GM, was back at the store and approached me and knew I was not happy. Instead of apologizing for his lack luster follow up or poor communication he just went about his day and pretended like nothing was wrong.So as I was walking out of the store I noticed a denim shirt. I inquired about it and asked if I could get the shirt expedited so that I could wear the jeans and the shirt for my event. Melissa said she couldn't promise it but that they would do their best to make it happen. I informed her if she could make this happen I would again be a happy customer and to please inform the owner I would be ever so appreciative.THE DEADLINE: I was called and was informed that my jeans were ready!! I was excited but then I asked about the shirt and was now told that NO EXTRA EFFORT WOULD BE MADE TO EXPEDITED THE SHIRT. So I told Nicholas the GM, if that was the case I no longer wanted the jeans nor the shirt and would like them refunded.I requested to please have the OWNER ROMAN, call me because I thought it was imperative that he knew about what was going on in his store.Instead at 3:30 I received an email from Nicholas the GM, no phone call from the OWNER ROMAN, instead Nicholas the GM was  informing me that it wasn't his fault blah blah blah and that he would refund the cost of the shirt but not the jeans.So I wrote him back and said all I am looking for is a call from the owner or anyone who could please help me with this horrific experience!! The next email  I received was to inform me that they no longer wanted to do business with me and to please pick up the jeans and bring in the credit card for the shirt so they could refund me.IF YOU ARE A CUSTOM JEAN COMPANY YOU BETTER BE ABLE TO DO CUSTOM REQUEST AND BE ABLE TO FOLLOW UP WITH THE CUSTOMER END OF STORYIF I COULD I'D GIVE THEM NEGATIVE STARS..
1	the jeans never showed and i ended up having to ask my bank to get the money back. which they did. I've also made a complaint to better business bureau about this company.
1	BEWARE!!!!!   So this company not only did not deliver any products as promised but after they wrote me a email saying they would return the funds back to my card they contested it with my Credit Card.... Just goes to show what bad business and frauds they are at LAWLESS Hence the name!!!    BEWARE !!!!! ONCE they take your $$$$MONEY they won't deliver on time or as promised and then try to keep your money!!
1	As a follow up to my issues at Lawless Denim-  I was able to speak with Travis earlier this week who actually seemed like a good guy and seemed genuinely concerned with the fraud that was committed by the owner, Roman and his clan at Lawless. Denim. Unfortunately for him after not hearing a response back from them I called to today to inform them that I recorded the conversations I had the other day with Travis, where they admitted they never gave me my merchandise, even though the owner Roman wrote to my credit card companies that he gave me all my merchandise at the point of sale.. . Hmmmm: and Travis was FIRED along with a few other staff members like Melissa!!!!! According to their staff member Lucas a Lawless Denim.. Wonder why huh?? 1.   When you are a custom shop who has to make everything  from scratch and you clearly give an estimated Bullshit  delivery date on the receipt, prob not a good idea to lie to a CC company and say you gave it to the customer at the point of sale.2. I have a recording of your employee admitting that my jeans and shirt were never given to me, and are still at the store or were never made.3. I also have an employee admitting that you purposely committed fraud because you assumed I was contesting the entire charge  and was being a " Deuche bag " which is not true because other patrons had done this before  to Lawless, according to your staff...I hate to see how you are going to do business when you lose the ability to take credit cards...BTW isn't it like a 100 plus Degrees in PHX... Prob not a good time for selling jeans in AZ
1	I wanted to post to see if others are experiencing the same issue I am. My wife purchased a gift card for a pair of custom jeans which I went in on April 11th to pick out. I found a material I liked which they had in stock and got fitted. I was told they would be ready in a month so where they will call me to get a final fitting. Fast forward to this week where I get a call stating my jeans are not ready (2 months later). The excuses were they had machines go out,employees walk out AND the material I wanted was out of stock until 2 weeks ago. Huh?? Now the story is my jeans won't be ready for another 3-4 weeks. I am a business owner myself and I am the first to admit things don't always go as planned. BUT, I am very disappointed in Lawless and their communications. If all the above is true, why didn't they let me know as they approached the original deadline and not 2 months later? Again, when I ordered the jeans the material was in front of me and in stock. If they ran out, where is my notification?When a company offers a "custom" item at "custom" prices, the level if service is expected to be high as well.The gentleman I spoke to seemed apologetic and I understand he is not responsible but as an organization, someone has to be accountable. I will see how this all pans out but I'm not too hopeful. Will update on all activities.
1	Update: called this week (3 weeks after call that jeans were delayed) and they said my jeans were cut this week and I should be getting a call next week for fitting. Let's see if they are what I ordered.
1	Like several others on this forum, I have experienced lack of communication from Lawless, and complete and total disregard for meeting a deadline.  It is now nearing mid-July, and I ordered my jeans in early March.  Still no jeans.  One fitting went awry, as I could barely get them on.  2nd fitting looked like I was wearing a potato sack.  The people there seem nice, but this place as a whole needs to get it's act together.  I am beyond frustrated with their professionalism and keeping me in the loop.  4+ months for a pair of pants.  Let's hope fitting #3 goes better and I get my pants before Christmas.  I would avoid this place like it was a leper colony.
3	Great for customizing and getting the perfect jeans. Everything can be customized. Prices are decent considering it's all made in the U.S.A.
5	OMG custom raw denim in the valley of the sun has filled a much needed niche in our boutique shopping market.Lawless' staff are impeccable and very skilled; well-dressed, well-spoken, wonderful humans are employed by this start-up. Picked up a pair of hand-crafted denim sample jeans yesterday for a f*cking bargain then the compliments came roaring in. Great fit and wearability, like if Levi's jeans were made by well-compensated Americans rather than sad laborers in sweatshops. Here you find skilled denim artists who make the world more beautiful by improving butts everywhere. They are saints of denim.I like this company for a myriad reasons: they're local * they're classy * they're quality in all forms * they're kind * they're cool * they're reasonable * they honor their product * yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yesOn the aesthetics side, the shopfront is immaculate: spacious subtle glamorous vintage relaxing and the smell of leather and denim is enough to make my fingers itch for my wallet. Lawless delivers the goods without breaking any laws. Whatever these other harsh reviews state, my experience with these wonderful people was amazing and I aim to repeat it.
3	R
5	While vacationing in Arizona this past month, I had the pleasure of stumbling upon this hidden gem. The store has a super cool ambience about it and they incorporate everything I have ever hoped for in a denim brand and more! The staff there was incredibly helpful and extremely knowledgable. Being an athletic female, it can be hard to find a pair of jeans that fit correctly so I can't wait to receive my first order in the next couple weeks! They even said that they will keep my measurements on file which means that I can just call them up anytime to place an order which is great since I live in TX, how convenient! :)
1	still no resolve - in fact now he has told my bank i received the goods day of purchase.  that is weird since i ordered custom jeans.. which i never got in the agreed allotted time...i have tried to contact roman a few times now.. he has done nothing but lie, gone back on his word and mocked me telling me i have problems and that he is there if i ever need a hug...i just want my money back from my failed purchase ..... its been 6 months since this problem since i walked into this nightmare ... still no real resolve.. i thought it was resolved then he went back on his word and denied my claim with the bank,.....full of lies this company
5	I have a couple pairs of jeans from Lawless and I highly recommend them. The staff is knowledgable and easy to work with. Laura, thank you so much for everything. Cheers
1	Update #2: September 9th and I still don't have my custom jeans I ordered on April 11th. 2 more days and the 5 month mark will hit. Went in July to find the pants were about a 36 when I'm a 32/33. Roman was very helpful and took new measurements on the waist and got them fixed. Early/mid August went back for my pants and the waist was fixed, however since the waist was initially too large the pants were big throughout the thigh to the knee. Again, Roman was quick to say they were too big and measurements were taken to fix that issue. 2 weeks from that date puts us to today. I called last week and no answer so I went in. My jeans were not ready and the girl said she'd check and call me back. She said it usually takes a week but it had been already 2 weeks. I called again today and she said the same thing, she'd call the manufacturer and call me right back. Never received a call so I called and again, no answer. Roman has been really helpful and i appreciate his help but I'm Wondering if I will ever see my jeans.
5	Lawless creates not only phenomenal custom denim--they also create jobs here in the U.S. All raw materials are produced and purchased on American soil. The entire team greets you and is enthusiastic about what they do. It is evident they are happy to be there. Picking your own fabric, cut, and stitching is so exciting. I am thrilled to have something like this come to the valley! I had a wonderful experience.
1	-0 Stars.Pants ordered March 10th of this year.  Never got them.  Terrible communication and a general pain in the ass.  You suck, Lawless, and today I decided to pay you another unannounced visit because I was in the mood to listen to more of their crap, and it appears Lawless pulled the old midnight move-out.  Lights out, equipment gone, doors closed.  And I'm out the $200 I shelled out for custom jeans.  At this point I'm glad I paid money to have you out of here.  Go fleece yourself.
1	This place is horrible.  I just read a review that they were out of business.  I waited 3 plus months for my custom fit jean jacket (pictures posted) and obviously the sizing was ALL wrong.  I contacted Lawless and Roman got back to me.  He told me he would send me a new one, personally made by him (picture posted).  This new jacket also did not fit and had a "size M" tag inside... obviously not custom fit.  $300 down the drain......
1	after unsuccessfully getting the return of payment from my bank after roman said he would allow it to be refunded this one time. I'm still left with nothing. no jeans. no refund non of anything i was told by roman is true.since roman threatened to sue me if i continue to pursue getting a refund. i took a trip to  Arizona where i visited the offices of better business bureau.and wrote a complaint giving them all of the emails and correspondence i had with roman. . putting it all on the record now that he has refused to send me jeans  and or refund me it's proven he is just taking peoples money and not providing the service he so much guarantees. cause thats how he rolls...
1	I ordered my jeans in May.  They finally arrived in August-very much later than they promised.  The jeans are huge-not even close to my size.  I live out of town and requested that I just send these back for a refund since I can't go back to the store.  The nice person I spoke with on the phone promised they can fix the jeans and would send a return label and tape measure.  The envelope arrived POSTAGE DUE!!! Really?  I'm super disgusted with their professionalism.  After reading other reviews I have a complete lack of confidence that I will get the right fit on this second try.  UGH!!  I agree with others, how are they staying in business?I ended up sending them a pair of my jeans that fit well and asked that they duplicate them.  I received a second pair of jeans that aren't even close to fitting.  At this point I requested my $220 back.  I was told the owner will not do that.  I asked to have the owner call me and no shock here, I have not received a call.  This is a very shady business.
5	Things have changed at Lawless Denim!!!   It might of taken almost a year, but Lawless Denim has totally redeemed themselves!! After cleaning house and getting rid of the bad apples they had working for them, they are now newly staffed with amazing employees and I want to be able to share with everyone that they made things right with me !!! In my book that goes a LONG WAY!!! I have recently been dealing with a new manager at Lawless named Jim Fuentes, and this guys knows how to take care of his customers.. He called me up and explained to me that they wanted to make things right..   And that he did!!! I am totally stoked that I will be receiving my new denim jeans, on time and the jeans are amazing. I always knew they had an amazing product and I am truly happy that Jim and the rest of the crew at Lawless reached out to me.. The customer service I have received has been outstanding and a big kudos to Jim and the rest of the crew at Lawless Denim...  I will be making some major purchase ASAP.. Now they have customer service that matches their amazing products... Sky is the limit for this company!!Thanks again!!
5	Let me put it this way: I live in a different state. I'm currently traveling for ten days. And the only two pairs of pants I packed are both Lawless. I come to Phoenix once or twice a year for work. And when I'm in Phoenix working, there are only two places that I absolutely must hit: the office (because I have to), and Lawless (because I want to).  (Make that 3 places, along with Gadzooks Enchiladas... omg.) But Lawless is always an absolute MUST.I've had nothing but great service from them. The owner, Roman, is friendly and remembers me. Everyone that has assisted me or measured me has been knowledgeable and helpful. The selection of materials and customizable options is extensive. They're a bit more expensive than your standard off-the-rack pants, but what do you expect given high-quality material and custom-made-to-order? The price is still VERY reasonable. If you are going to be comparing the price of locally custom made clothing to something mass-produced and sold at a huge chain, you're missing the point.The only "less than perfect" thing from them was that my custom order took a few weeks longer than originally estimated. If that was the biggest "problem", then I'd say they're doing pretty well. It's really tough to pull off the balancing act that is being a single shop witih full custom work, crossed with demand, crossed with staffing, crossed with materials and costs. They proactively communicated the delay to me, and the finished product, when I got it, was all worth it.I've read some of the other reviews here, and, well, I've never had that experience. I see them working hard every time I've been there. The manager, Jim, was very helpful when I was in there yesterday placing my next order. It sounds to me that, at worst, Lawless may have been experiencing the proverbial growing pains-- again, it's really tough for a single shop to balance all those variables. If they got overwhelmed, that speaks to the fact that they offer great quality at a reasonable price. It sounds like they've reined things in and have been catching up. I just ordered three new pairs.A heads up if you are going there: they're in a new location, near US Airways Center. (So the reviewer who said they "pulled a midnight move-out" probably went to the old location.) The new location is less conspicuous, but it allows for a bigger manufacturing area so they can keep focusing on production. The new location isn't nearly as conspicuous, so the best thing to do is call them and tell them you want to come. It's in an industrial corner so they can direct you how to get there and enter.I absolutely love my Lawless and can't wait for jeans #4, 5, and 6 to arrive!
3	Went to City Scape, they moved. Went to their new address, door was locked midday. I want to like Lawless, but fate won't let me.
1	So I got an email from Jim f relation manager of some sort for lawless deniem . He insisted that he wanted to make things right .. So since I never got any product I payed for I  tried to  give one more try to get a refundI sent him a letter showing him all of the bank info I had and even showed him the overdraft fees that I acquired when lawless told my bank that I got product in hand "as it states on the report I got from the bank "product was given at point of purchase". How can a custom product be handed to the buyer at point of purchase anyway? Well apparently since my bank overdrafts that gives him good enough reason to once again deny refund for the amount of jeans purchased ! So it's been almost a year now since I bought custom jeans from lawless ... And I did try to cancel the order shortly after I ordered them in the first place .... Still no resolve = more calls to the bbb and my attorney , yay.So much for making things right ...
4	Update: the business owner contacted me and said that in order to walk-in you should make an appointment and/or call. Ideally this would be reflected on Yelp/Google/etc.
