4	The rooms are kinda small, but clean. Good water pressure for the showers and sink. The staff is nice, and everyone I dealt with checking in and out spoke English well. They have free breakfast, consisting of really good croissants, coffee and a few other breakfast staples. Just remember to give them back the remote control (they give it to you when you check in), I put it in my pocket when I left the room, and was 3 blocks away when I realized it was still in my pocket!I took the Amtrak to Montreal for this trip, so I didn't have to park...I'm not sure what he parking situation is at the hotel. However, the hotel is a quick ten-minute walk from the train station, which is nice. The street is quiet. The hotel looks kinda spooky when you walk up to it at night. The Bell Center is right across the street, so if you're catching a hockey game it's awesome being able to walk to the game! The hotel is just a few blocks from Crescent & St. Catharine Streets, which are a lot of fun! The hotel is cheap and in a good location for walking around and checking out cool stuff!
1	Though the location is fantastic if you're looking to LOL GO GET HAMMERED IN MTL OMG or watch a Habs game (it's literally 50 feet from the Bell Centre and a subway station) the room I got was an absolute dump in the worst way. Tiny, hot, dirty, and dingy. I accept that I might well have gotten a particularly lousy room - in fact, the way the cleaning lady laughed when I told her my room number as we passed in the elevator kind of leads me to believe that was the case - but it was actually totally intolerable on a hot summer night and really ought not to have been rented out. On the OTHER hand...as I said, the location is great, and if you can drink yourself to sleep, the environment might not even bother you much. I shudder to think what a hangover would feel like in that place, though. I feel bad writing this as the staff were extremely friendly and let us cancel the second day of our reservations, no questions asked - we got a last minute deal at the vastly superior Marriott instead. :-)
3	Budget hotel with all that implies - no wi-fi, TV had one channel, rooms are tiny, etc. However, they had great staff, our shared bathroom was cleaned daily, and it was a pretty good option for the price. Super convenient to most of the downtown activities, and felt pretty safe.
1	I just spent a good while looking for my original review of this place.  If I can find it I will share it on Yelp...but in the mean time I needed to get the 1 star up here and let people know that this is the worst hotel ever.From dirty rooms to rude staff this place has it all...and they even had a window AC unit jammed through the wall of our room.  I'm not exaggerating when I say that we checked in, went to the room, sat for 10 minutes talking about other options...and checked out.  We contacted our credit card company and got our money back, and my neck was red and itchy from the time I spent there.I would hate for anyone, ever, to go back to this dump.  I considered going back to literally take a dump on their front step....it would have been an improvement.  True story.
