5	Best massage ever! I've been getting massages for over 10 yrs and this was by far the most relaxed I ever felt after. James was professional and polite. The entire place was calm and soothing.  I did the wellness package. I "floated in water", had my massage, and then was warmed on this giant heating pad type thing that I actually fell asleep on. I am telling you this package was awesome and he offered a great deal for the next time I come back. I can't wait to go back! Thank you James Snapp!
5	This was one of the best massages I have ever received. I have never had a therapist mix so many different styles and services into one massage. Definitely worth the price. I will be back soon
5	James is a phenomenal massage therapist. The place is really nice and super professional. The floating bed is unbelievable and the infrared heated bed is very relaxing. I bought the membership five months ago and I am not sorry
5	I just came back from my first massage from Snapp Therapeutics and I will definitely be recommending this place to my friends! Not only was it a great, very relaxing massage, but it was also SUPER affordable. Check out the Yelp Check-in Offer when you arrive! I was able to have a 50 minutes massage for just $25. It was a great deal! James did a wonderful job of greeting me at the door and asking me exactly what areas I would like him to focus on and the kind of massage I was looking to receive.There is a beautiful and warm waiting room to greet guests as they enter. Complete with various magazines and a few big comfy couches. The entire building is very well designed and visually appealing. I especially enjoyed the room I had my massage in. The room has great blinds to keep most natural light out and only a very dim lamp was on in the room. This absence of light combined with the soothing sounds of relaxing music made for a great environment to receive a massage.I will definitely be coming back in the future.
5	Just got back from my 1st massage here and omg! James is amazing at what he does, super professional, very nice setup. The floating experience was new yet cool, the infrared bed though finishes you off! I passed out several times and left so relaxed I could barely stand. (Super relaxed!) I'd recommend him and his business to everyone.  Theres facebook coupons, yelp check in coupons, and groupon/livingsocial deals one way or another a great affordable business.  Will definitely be back.
5	I received a massage from James today and it was fantastic.  He is a very talented therapist and will definitely be returning!
5	Thank you James!  Just had my first 60-minute Therapeutic massage @ Snapp.  I had injured my back and was very sore.  James asked only a few questions but intuitively know exactly where my sore spots and trigger points were.  He was able to relieve my back without causing any discomfortable.  He is an amazing and gifted massage therapist.  My treatment was AMAZING and very affordable!  The office is welcoming, comfortable and relaxing in every possible detail. Thank you, thank you James!  You seem blessed with the gifts of a natural healer.
5	A few months back I did the Groupon deal with the Float session, massage and biomat. It was the best $47 I had ever spent. I went back again and even gave it as a gift. The second time I put my phone on the float pool edge to listen to relaxing music which made the experience better. I have to say my favorite thing (to my surprise) was the bio mat. I've never experienced it before and it was amazing. You lay on a massage table but have warm blankets over you with the amethyst crystals underneath and you relax to a guided meditation which sends you into la la land....amazing. This is perfect if you are over stressed and need to pamper yourself and release all the stress and tension in your body. I'm planning on doing the 3 month deal so I can experience this monthly.
