5	Great experience !   Professional knowledgable and efficient.   He was super helpful with the pre Botox consultation and the post Botox follow up instructions.  Will be back!
5	Charles is amazing. I am thrilled to have found a spot where I can count on a professional experience along with a little laugh and someone who can deliver results. His space is clean, simple and comfortable. He is experienced in advanced techniques and has the "eye"
5	Charles is a gifted perfectionist!  His experience and knowledge was very helpful in making the right decisions for all my beauty needs.  I wouldn't go anywhere else!!
5	Charles is a professional, intelligent, and very nice guy. He will be completely honest with you and make you feel completely comfortable. Book your beauty needs with him and enjoy this amazing experience! I'm addicted! Thanks Charles! You rock!
5	I've never written on yelp about any service, however, I truly feel compelled to do so after my experience.  Charles listened to what I was wanting to achieve with my look and delivered natural looking enhancements. He took his time to ensure everything was perfect! Plus, his positive attitude and professionalism can not be overstated. I am completely happy with the results and will continue to go to Charles in the future!
5	I have only wonderful things to say about Charles at Glo Medspa! My consultation was both professional and thorough. Charles demeanor is very calming and he patiently answered all of my questions and uses a very gentle technique, as the Botox injections were virtually painless! My results are great, and I plan to continue scheduling my future skin treatments with Charles.
5	Where do I begin... Charles has done my Botox twice now and every time it's PERFECT! I was very nervous my first time, but after speaking we him he totally put my mind at ease. He's very knowledgable and was patient enough to answer all my questions. I get compliments on my forehead ALL the time! I also started doing the B-12 shots and can tell a huge difference in my energy level. I will return again and again!!!
5	Glo Med Spa is amazing.  Charles does a great job and I would be happy to refer anyone I know to him!
5	I was new to the area, & needed a touch up, after researching online, I chose to go to Glo Medspa.  It was my first visit but certainly won't be my last.  I can high recommend Charles, his attention to detail is wonderful.   He answered all my questions & also followed up to make sure I was satisfied.  My results are great, if you are thinking of touching up your lips, he is definitely the person to go to!
5	Charles is fabulous!  He is the only person that I would let stick needles full of toxins into my face.  But seriously, this was my first time getting botox and he made it a breeze. I am very pleased with how things went and I would sincerely recommend him to anyone. His balance of professionalism and humor is just right.
5	Purchased a groupon after I read all the great reviews on yelp.  Charles is talented, witty, and skilled at what he does. It was my first time there and I will definitely be back!
5	I've not had any treatments before this.  I was pleasantly surprised at the outcome. First treatment Juvederm and Botox. With the Juvederm the results were instant. Botox a few days later. I was very happy with the results. Why plastic surgery when to me this works quicker with no down time?I will definitely recommend Charles to my friends and clients.
5	Clean office located inside shared beauty service building. Easy to book appointment and very professional and friendly. I wasn't sure what to expect and Charles made sure I was informed every step of the way (which only took a few minutes.) He didn't try to up-sale me on product I didn't need and made the procedure quick and easy!
5	After many great reviews from friends about Charles I made an appointment. He is amazingly talented and has a great touch, hes so gentle. He is experienced and made great recommendations. This was definitely a great way to start the new year. I will definitely be a returning customer and encourge you to do the same if your looking for an experienced spa for aesthetics. If your looking for the best call Charles.
