5	Went in here without knowing much about cigars and the person working was very helpful and pointed us to affordable, delicious cigars.  The shop itself is very nice and brand new and features a bar and a room to smoke in as well with large TVs.  Great place
5	I have been meaning to rate this place since we went a few weeks ago.  It was a Saturday night and showed up @ about 8:40 PM, not realizing that the shop closed at 9.  Went into the humidor, picked a good smoke, and received a wine recommendation from the owner.  I noticed the hours on a business card and apologized, and asked if we should come back.  The owner (whose name I cannot remember, but she was so nice!) insisted that we stayed so we could smoke and drink in the lounge.  The lounge was beautiful and comfortable.  The ventilation was fantastic as well.  My girlfriend and I, including out friend Mike had a great time just relaxing and talking. Upon leaving, our host asked us to come back any time, even if it were 5 minutes before closing.  It was heavenly!  Cannot wait to go back again.
5	First time visit to 21 Cigars and Linda (co-owner) was awesome.  Knew her cigars and suggested a Camacho  Torpedo that was on sale and it was great, plus advised me on my choice for a Padron Churchill, which was a gift and my buddy loved it.  Great service, excellent advice and a friendly / non-salesy environment.  I will be back.  Thanks, Linda!
5	First time there tonight and I wish lit a cigar up in the very inviting lounge. The selection of cigars was fantastic and the customer service was to match.
5	We came here to smoke some cigars in a cigar lounge while on vacation bc it's illegal in WA. We not only had great service but we also got to drink some beers and watch some TNF. Great start to our vacation.
4	I have been here before to purchase and smoke cigars. The last time the lounge was almost empty. Coming in by myself with nobody else to talk to was not the greatest. Today there was a crowd watching games and the lounge looked inviting. If you want to imbibe there is a good drink selection. I just wanted to buy cigars today. Looking around I found a number of cigars that I like. Price was decent. I need to stop by more often. The staff is very friendly.
5	Whether you're looking to purchase a cigar for the road or sit down, relax and enjoy a game and discussion with friends in the lounge, 21* Cigar is sure to please. The owners and staff make you feel welcome but are also very knowledgeable about their cigars from the vast selection found in their large walk in humidor.A recently installed ventilator system has opened up the storefront into a comfortable bar area with exceptional every day beer specials and wine by the glass, as well. However, they also offer a separate room with numerous leather chairs and several TV's to watch your favorite game or read a book/magazine.Come in to say hello to Opus X, the owners friendly Havanese. Enjoy!
5	Awesome place with a lot of relaxed indoor smoking space.  The service was excellent and everyone was friendly.  They feature a decent selection of high-quality beers as well as a few wines.  The humidor is very nicely arranged and easy to browse through.They have excellent air filters, so even your non-smoking friends may find it acceptable to hang out in here for a few beers.I'll definitely be back again soon.
5	Free wifi if your smoking cigars.The beer is cold and the prices are very reasonable.Freaky behind the bar is awesome
5	Great place, expensive feel, reasonable prices. Could not ask for more. Staff as helpful friendly and had all great insights.  Nice big screen TV's with many over stuffed leather chairs.  Great night...will try to make it back.
5	outstanding service, very nice bar selection, and two comfortable lounge areas. I thoroughly enjoyed my visit to 21 Degree Cigars and would definitely come back again and highly recommend it. I initially came in looking for Ghurka 15th anniversary cigars but they  didn't have them however I was introduced to the Mi Amor Reserva (made by Ashton). I think this may be my new favorite stick. It is a very smooth light/medium bodied smoke that has a fairly long burn to it. It took me almost 45 minutes to finish and I'm typically a fast smoker. In addition to my pleasant visit, I had the great pleasure of meeting the great Hall of Famer Bob Lanier formerly of the Detroit Pistons. It seems like this is the spot that alot of famous sports athletes and personalities come to enjoy their sticks. I highly recommend this place. It is very clean, services are great, and a very relaxing atmosphere. 5-stars in my book.
5	Very reasonable prices on cigars and the staff (Sam) was a gracious host.  Chill spot to relax.
5	Very nice selection. Friendly and knowledgable staff. Nice lounge area to relax and enjoy your cigars while watching sports on the 3 brig screen tv's. Pretty good selection of craft and bottled beers as well. I would recommend this place and would go back next time I am in town.
5	This is officially my favorite Cigar bar. I've been here three times and each visit out-does the previous. I've met some of the coolest and down-to-earth people while visiting and smoking a good stogie. I brought my cousin here as it was his first time visiting Phoenix/Scottsdale. We ended up staying for 4 hours. Great conversations, great service, and great sticks- what more can you ask for. I will always make it a point to visit whenever I am in the area and if I decide to move here, I will definitely become a regular.
5	Been hunting for a good cigar lounge in Scottsdale? Look no further. 21 Degrees is my go to cigar lounge simply because they have an enormous selection of great cigars at very reasonable prices. Their walk in humidor is massive and each cigar label is showcased neatly which makes finding a cigar easy! Their lounge is great and has a separate area with lots of comfy sofa chairs with TVs at every angle. They have a nice bar with great local beers on draft. Great wine selection and the service is outstanding! It's a great place to escape and hang out for a few hours to catch a game or relax with some friends!
