3	Nice little place for lunch.  It is a sit down restaurant, but noticed many that must have called ahead and ordered take-out.The meal was good, good price and a nice size.  A small salad came with the meal that had a ginger dressing and a mix of lettuce (not all head lettuce) and a small Egg Roll.  Had the Pad Thai that was good.  A good place for a lunch in downtown.
5	I order the Pad Thai and it was delicious. The location is very convenient to market square, right next to the McDonalds. It's very clean in there and the service is friendly. I recommend this restaurant for anyone looking for great Thai food on their lunch break.
4	Great food, only downfall is that dinner prices are significantly more expensive (compared to prices for the same dish during lunch hours)
3	Today was my first time dining in the restaurant but second time having their food. I had pad Thai for takeout and was pretty decent. Today I had the noodle soup called Thoon - dark broth with chicken and rice noodles topped with cilantro and scallions. Lunch meals come with a small side salad and an egg roll, so that makes lunch filling and a pretty good deal. I was a bit disappointed with the size of the soup. It was small and shallow in comparison to the bowls of other Asian noodle soup establishments. Also felt that they skimped the amount of broth too. I was also expecting a much richer, deeper flavor in the broth.Service is attentive and waitstaff is very pleasant. Will likely not have the soup again, but will definitely try other dishes.
2	I have now eaten here twice.  The last time i ordered pad thai.  I will say no matter what spice level you say, it still comes out not that hot.  The food is pedestrian.  Nothing special.  It's not bad, and is quite edible.  The pad thai was a little bland for me.  It kind of just tasted like slightly fishy noodles.  I ordered the veggie pad thai and the second time the chicken pad thai.  Both tasted exactly the same.  I've had way worse.  I've also eaten way better.  Don't let the two stars fool you, I'd eat there again in a pinch and the staff is quite friendly.
4	Solid tofu noodle soup, exactly what I needed on a cold night killing time before my bus was scheduled. The waitress was super nice as well. I think all the downtown business people clear out after 5 because from 6-6:30 I was the only one in there!
4	Stopped in for lunch on a cold day to warm up with some hot soup.Fast friendly service and the Tom Yum Soup was really good!  The server asked how hot I would like it on a scale of 1 - 5 and I asked for a 3.  The spicyness was spot on!  YummmmmThe only thing I was a little disappointed with was the choice of music (and volume) that was playing.  It was a local pop radio station but not what I cared to listen to while trying to have a relaxing lunch.  Just my personal opinion.Over it was a great experience and I look forward to coming back!
4	i was walking around downtown an happened upon this place by mistake. this small place has plenty of seating and the server was very nice - i got egg rolls and a lunch portion of chicken fried rice. They ask how spicy you want the rice. i asked for mild and it was a bit more than i would like but the overall flavor and combination was great. With the lunch I also got a small green salad (i didn't eat, i'm not a salad person) and it came with a fried wonton on the top (crab maybe?). but it's fairly priced (for the egg rolls, small salad and a HUGE chicken fried rice was like $14.00) I recommend this place over any of the downtown chinese buffets!! Clean, wasn't crowded and nice servers! ENJOY!
