5	Really great burgers and THE BEST onion rings!!
4	Great little dive in Harrisburg NC. You know the place - where the food sticks with you and the smell on your clothes lasts longer. Breakfast was great, and cheap!
5	Louis always does a great job in his "All American" selection of foods. For breakfast or lunch, you can find something to satisfy your tummy. I really like his Gyros and Cheeseburgers!  I may like it too much since you can find me there 3 or 4 times a week.
1	Tried it and they were out of everything we tried to order. Gave them another try and same thing. We gave up and wont be going back
2	Had a terrible experience.  Went for breakfast.  It was crowded.  There a boy acting as host and cashier.  He said he would clear me off a table.  After being gone for a few minutes, I could see he still hadn't cleared the table.  After several more minutes, he asked me to go stand by the dirty table until they cleared it!  I was confused as to why he asked me to stand in the middle of a crowded restaurant staring at a dirty table.  A waitress pointed to  another table, which was clean.  After sitting there for several minutes, I asked to be moved because the location was right by the kitchen and it was very noisy and the wait staff had to maneuver around me.  The two top was finally clean, and I moved there.  I finally placed my order.  The waitress was not at all friendly.  Once she brought out plates for another table and dumped them on my table until she could distribute them to the table next to me.  She filled my coffee once without a word, and dripped coffee all over my newspaper. When she brought my food, she slapped it and the check down without a word.  Never came back to check on me.    Food was decent, just normal.  I didn't like that they put the jellies on the same basket with the toast, seemed unsanitary.  When waiting to pay, the waitress caught my eye for the first time.  I think she had already seen my measly tip I had left and was unhappy.  Not a friendly little restaurant in my eyes!
4	Great food! The service is so so, but it's a diner so what do you expect?Awesome breakfast. It's exactly what I was looking for.
4	Fried squash is worth the drive. I double up on it if I get two veggies. Everything is good. Typical American fare.
5	Best breakfast I have had at a restaurant. My daughter recommended it and I like it.  Nascar themed and worth the effort to go there.
5	Best breakfast joint in Harrisburg hands down. Consistently great service. Coffee is always topped off and is really good. Eaten here dozens of times over the last 7 years and never had anything short of a perfect experience. If you're looking for an affordable and delicious southern breakfast this should be your first stop.
1	went there twice in the last 2 weeks waitress just ignores me and takes customers orders that came in after me. I  then just get up and leave, they seem to care less.
1	ate there 08/21/14 7:30am waitress did not top off coffee till end of meal they were busy talking about there personal lives can see why they have almost no customers ask  the owner to call me at 704-699-6586 and I will tell him all!
1	home fries are usually great today they were terrible! I can see why they hardly have any customers, everyone is at the harrisburg family restaurant down the street.
4	I eat here quite often for breakfast and lunch. Food is always very good. My favorite items are their Gyros and Onion rings. If you are there for breakfast, try one of Louis' omelets.Make sure to say hi to Louis in the kitchen.
5	Just found Louis' from a Yelp review.  First few times, just breakfast (they have livermush!) which was very good. Then I tried lunch, and I must agree, the fried squash are AMAZING! Everything I have eaten here is good, and once the staff recognizes you as a repeat customer, you get pretty great service! Small place compared to the place just down the street, but Louis' gets my vote and my business!
