5	Shout out to Tony, Britney and Theresa plus all the other staff at Elixir. Everyone is helpful and friendly. Last night my husband and I ordered the crab balls and the meatballs and both tasted great. The games seem to be paying out really well right now, too. Husband and I came on opening night, I came back on Sunday and then Husband and I went back again last night. The staff really make the place but it is also a really pretty space and I didn't notice a smell of smoke anywhere. We are not smokers.
4	I used to come here to watch some reggae music a while back and I came here on a Saturday night and this lounge got a complete makeover; I didn't even recognize the place. The photos on here doesn't do the interior any justice. Large red velvet couches, big chandeliers. Service and food was excellent. Wish I got the name of our server, she was a doll. I would reccomend the fried mash potato bites for an appetizer! Live music topped of the night. Will be coming back.
4	I have been here twice for lunch and so far, so good Elixir.  The food was good and the service was even better.   Thank you Amy!!  We will have to give it a try at night . . specially on the weekend when they have live acoustic music.  The atmosphere is great and I look forward to you opening up the outdoor patio.
5	I really like this place, it's only been open 2 weeks as of now... So that being said they're doing a really good job! They use big glasses! Which make you feel like you're getting your money's worth.Everyone is super nice, welcoming, and accommodating so hopefully that won't change!Best of all a great dirty vodka martini!
4	This was the perfect place to relax, be with good people and be in a quiet, non-obnoxious atmosphere.  Delicious food, impeccable specialty drinks, good service and gorgeous decor.  They call it "a locals lounge" and they couldn't have described it better.  It's a beautifully, hip space, off the strip, live music on Friday/Saturday, video poker, tons of sports on and a reasonable tab at the end!Can't wait to go back!!!!!
5	VEGETARIAN options in every food category! Awesome happy hour specials- (3-6 am and pm) where else can you get a glass of Stella for $3!!?!? Football specials during every NFL game! Phenomenal staff- super nice and friendly! Open 24 hours! And breakfast served 24/7! My new favorite hangout! Great gaming incentives!  You must go!!!
4	I came in here expecting a bit more then what I got but over all service made up for it just plan on taking a elevator to get in. They could use a more complex cocktail menu since the name of the lounge is Elixir.
5	I was very surprised by this place.  It was totally kicked back.  Nice decor and atmosphere.  Both bartenders were very alert and super friendly.  They have this hourly bingo drawing for free play.  Surprisingly it paid out quite well for my wife and I.  The food was definitely way above my expectations as well.
5	I loved the place.  My wife and I have been looking for a date night spot and struck gold with this place....the food was great our waitress Chelsea was amazing...I recommend the meatballs 3 ways appetizer...if you haven't been please do so and support this newly opened business :)  I know I will
5	This place is great my husband and I just moved to the area and thought we would check it out. The food was awesome not you typical bar food ... atmosphere was very nice and our server Chelsea was great she was very friendly and informative.  We will definitely be going back.
5	We had been here when it was Daddy Macs. We decided to go here again on a whim. My wife had purchased a restaurant.com certificate, which always seems to motivate us to try a place. The place is nice the decor had not changed too much from the Daddy Mac days. The food and the service were wonderful. Amy was our server. Along with being very proactive, she had answers to any questions we had about the food and the lounge in general. Again, the food was great with large portions at a reasonable price. It appeared that most if not all of the food was prepared fresh. The dinners all come with a soup or salad starter. We will definitely be going back to this one soon. They are a gambling tavern so minors are not allowed here.
4	The inside is beautiful, very classy. Good drinks, music wasn't bad and the staff was very friendly. I haven't had the chance to order any food, but when the food is brought out for other people it always looks and smells phenomenal.
5	My wife, the coupon queen, picked up a Groupon (I think it was) for Elixir, and the coupon worked. We loved the atmosphere, especially the red chandeliers. Actually, I recall being surprised by the atmosphere, because the building outside and even the location did not prepare me for such a complete and abrupt shift in theme. The tables and seating is comfortable and seems to be well thought out. The food was good and there was enough on the menu to have me want to return to try more. This isn't too far from the Galaxy Luxury Theater (LOVE IT) and would make for a great evening of dinner and a movie.
5	Great food, great prices
4	Best turkey burger in town. Excellent salmon. Service was very, very good. Excellent appetizer of baked Brie.
4	Just had the brie (appetizer), French onion soup, stroganoff, and banana fritters. Brie was slightly under cooked and I wish the caramelized onions had been served atop or in the side for a little more crunch and the water crackers was a bit of a let down. But the flavors were very nice. The French onion soup had an excellent broth and imo a bit too much cheese but overall very pleasant. The stroganoff's gravy was yummy. I wish it had been made with egg noodles (instead of a spaghetti noodle) and a few slices of the garlic bread to sop up the yumminess. For desert my amazing waitress suggested the banana fritters- loved 'em!!!! I will be returning to try their pork chops (another Chelsea recommendation) and the meatballs three ways appetizer. Ambiance- for a bar/casino/restaurant- the dark reds and blacks with candle lit tables are casual enough for a first date but formal enough for a great  modestly upscale meal.  Overall, I would recommend Elixer lounge and suggest you bring your appetite.
2	A shi-shi sports bar with an appetizing menu executed in a very average manner.  The current tenants of this space (previously Daddy Macs, and Blue Wave before that) have stuck with the existing deep red on black decor and subdued lighting. Very Victorian. It harkens back to the supper clubs of the olden days. I half expect to find gentlemen in top hats when I entered the door. Instead I only found a few mid-day drinkers playing video poker.  Being a sports bar, of course there are wide-screens all over the shop, which seem a bit anachronistic given that the place is swathed in late 19th-century red velvet drapery.Interestingly, the owners have placed a few old-fashioned items on the menu, such as baked brie, which are juxtaposed with more modern tasters, such as the deep-fried mashed potato bites. The menu is fairly enticing.  Sadly the food falls short. It feels like everything here is made to sound impressive, but, looks and tastes like it was cooked at Wendy's. I would have assumed it was all fresh-made, but it all tastes to me like it originated in the freezer.Today, I tried the Chicken Florentine Soup. It definitely came from a can.  No doubt about it. Then I got a California Turkey Burger.  The lettuce was limp, the avocado was almost non-existent, and the turkey patty was too salty.  However, there was a nice char on the patty, and I do love grill marks.My main complaint is that this swanky restaurant has tremendous potential and no one here seems to know how to reach it.  The menu was promising. The descriptions of each item got me salivating.  Unfortunately, my dining experience turned out to be like a bad blind date:  your friend tells you how great this hamburger is, and then you finally meet it... and it is nothing compared to the burger you tasted in your dreams.My advice to Elixir: if you're going to do gourmet pub food, actually do gourmet pub food.  It's just not right to titillate a person's tongue without bringing the taste buds to climax; wink, wink.
5	I love the ambiance of Elixir. It's where old Vegas meets new Vegas. It's hidden, so that's difficult for people who aren't familiar to find. Hey, more for me. Actually, it's in an old office building, you can see it from the road, however...it is off the beaten path. It's dark, black, and red. I love it. My servers have always been top notch. Midge, Tracey, and Chelsea seriously are the most nice and genuine waitresses I have met in a long time. Comfy chairs line the stage and if you get there early, you are always guaranteed a good seat. I have been there three times now and have brought people from out of town, as I love to claim Elixir as my cool hidden hideout. Drinks are reasonably priced and if you are lucky enough, hit up happy hour from 3pm to 6pm. The spinach dip is always my favorite. The portions are huge. My only compliant is that I wish the food was just a bit better. The ideas are awesome however the execution just isn't 100% yet. I've ajd appetizers, entrees, and desserts, and it's across the board. I overlook that for the drinks and service. Try the signature martini if you like a drink that will make your mouth pucker. The dirty martinis are fabulous. And they have a decent wine selection. So...maybe I'm partial. I am all in on this one. I hope they stay for a long time. It's everything I want in a bar. If you want to game, they have video poker at the bar and numerous flat screen TVs. The music is awesome with its eclectic selection. If you get the chance, check their website for when Patrick Genovese is there on a Friday or Saturday night. He is a phenomenal, and I mean knock your socks off, singer and guitar player. Mind blown. You can go in casual, but feel high class. It's worth it to check it out.
4	Elixir won me back over tonight. My husband and I had been getting food to go here a few times until we decided to go in one day and actually order food from the restaurant in person. I was impressed with the decor and the ambiance. However, I was very disappointed with the service. She was rude and she almost seem annoyed we were there bothering her. So I said I would never go back in again. From that point, I decided to continue to just call in my order because their food is good. I recommend the mashed potato bites as an appetizer. Unique and delicious. I get the California burger every time and its really good. My husband is the one who tries new things and tonight it was the beef stroganoff. He really liked it. He would prefer egg noodles on it and a bit more bread with it, but he still enjoyed it very much. He got a groupon, so that is why I agreed to go back in, watch the U of A game because they do have awesome and giant screens, but I was hesitant. Hesitant we would get the last server we got. Well, CHELSEA redeemed the last servers experience for me. She was a great server, attentive, sweet, and fast. When we go back in, I want her as our server because she's on top of it. Nothing like great customer service and great food, so for that reason I took time to write a review. We will be back.
3	I was invited to a meeting at the upstairs party room. The noise coming from downstairs was way too loud considering it was mid day. We were only separated from the downstairs by a heavy curtain. Also needs a paint job..lots of scuff marks and leftover tape or something on the walls.  Service was good. Food was just ok. I'd eat here again of someone invited me but it's definitely not my first choice.
5	Really good food, warm atmosphere, clean, and a great sever! Caprese sandwich and salmon with mushroom risotto were delicious with quality, tasty ingredients. Server was very knowledgable about beer and provided good service.
5	obviously anyone who rated this lower than three or said they dropped the ball is a metal defective. first: the place is decorated posh and over the top with the black and red, that is over the top good. from the red chandeliers to the black framed mirrors it screams amazing. the lighting is fantastic. the seating is comfortable.second: the service is out the door the best i have ever had. the waitress not only got everything from drinks to appetizers to the meal right but did it all with out writing a thing down. i have been places where the waitress writes it down and still gets it wrong. she was super friendly and even joked with us. (we can be rowdy). third: the food was spectacular. i don't usually get appetizers but the ones we got were fantastic. stuffed mushrooms and mashed potato bites. the salad that came with the meal was plenty big, and it came with the meal, no if you want a salad its an extra 3 bucks like most places do now days. the portion sizes were good size and every thing tasted fantastic, not one complaint from a table of 5. i got the fish and chips and unlike most fish and chips where its all batter and no fish this was big chunks of fish lightly battered and tons of fries. this place is a little hidden but GPS it. it was one of the best places i have been in a long time. when your tired of the olive gardens and outbacks, this place is fresh, beautiful, and well worth it.
4	Checked out this place on a Monday night for the first time.  We used my Groupon deal (1 appetizer and 2 entrees) that expired the following day.  The menu had a decent selection.  Not as big as the sister bar (Remedys) but there was enough options.  The decor is nice.  Red and black colors with velvet panels and curtains.  It definitely had a Frank Sinatra era feel.  Gorgeous red chandeliers and comfy plush chairs.  Our waitress, Chelsea, was GREAT! She educated us on the daily events that happen at Elixir and guided us on the menu.  She paced out our food order perfectly so we had time to enjoy each dish. We ordered the chicken nachos. The marinated shredded chicken was delicious.  I like how they put the sour cream, guacamole and salsa on the side so it didn't make the chips soggy. They serve generous portions here for sure.  I has the t-bone pork chop and my husband has the seared beef medallions.  Both super delicious and the presentation was as if I was dining at a fancy restaurant on the strip! I was very surprised.  The side salad that came with the entree looked like an entree itself.  Big plate and the house salad was made of dark greens and not the typical romaine lettuce.  We will definitely come back to check out the weekly poker tournament, the live entertainment on Fridays and Saturdays and definitely the food. The drinks.. I personally thought my vodka tonics were watered down.  My husbands Long Islands were ok.  So I changed it up and had Jack Honey on the rocks since they do not serve Patron.  Thus, my reason for the 4 stars. Great place overall and a much see!
5	Just an awesome all-around experience. Beautiful burgundy and black dining room, with thirty foot or so ceilings and gorgeous curtains and chandeliers - Elixir has an incredible ambience. The booth seating if extremely comfortable too. The food is not only very tasty, but well-presented, and severely underpriced. The French Onion soup is well worth the $1.50 upcharge, and I was pleasantly surprised by the Fish and Chips I was craving. My first time here, but if the rest of the servers are even half as personable and attentive as Chelsea was, you are in for being well taken care of. I can't wait to head back and try the rest of the menu items!
5	Wen we first pulled up we weren't sure about it. The location seemed to be a bit hidden and suspicious. However, it was amazing. The decor is excellent, they have poker on Tuesdays and live music on Friday and Saturday. Their food was excellent and super cheap (with appetizers, two meals, two alcoholic drinks, and an after dinner coffee our bill was 52.99). Our server, Amy, was fantastic. She had service that made us feel like we were in a fancy five star restaurant. Just the right mixture of business and casual. We loved it here and will return.
5	Our current favorite local bar. Love the red and black decor, I kind of feel like I'm in a scene of scarface. I love everything from the menus to the awesome bar staff. Shout out to my fave Tony! He always takes such great care of us. Food wise we've had the poached salmon salad (fave) chicken wings, chicken roulenade, and a few of the salads. All amazing. I highly suggest this bar to anyone in the area.
5	We came in for St Patricks Day and Corned Beef & Cabbage of course.  It is the best we have found in this town so far.  The corned beef is perfectly cooked, the cabbage is not watery & runny like a lot of places, the carrots are amazing and the potatoes have good seasoning.  I say this place is a winner with a great atmosphere and food.
3	I am never on this side of town but I just so happen to be yesterday. My friend and I got hungry so we searched for places on the yelp app. Found this one and decided to check it out. I read a couple reviews before coming and was determined to get the corned beef and cabbage (since it was at paddys day). The person that wrote the review said the cabbage was not overly soggy like most other places so I was hoping for that but was disappointed when my meal came out. Not only was the cabbage soggy, but so were the carrots and potatoes! I wasn't happy about this. They also had a $3 Irish car bomb or $3 pint of Guinness special going on the day so I ordered a Guinness. I was surprised when it came out... In a can, with a glass. Guinness is a pretty popular drink! Why do they not have this on tap? Would have been so much better but it was only $3. No big deal.After finishing the meal and our drinks, I felt this place deserved around a 4-5 star rating. My view totally changed after getting the check. I handed our waitress my CC and she took off to close out the transaction. We kept waiting and waiting for her to come back. She was busy tending to a couple other tables around the restaurant so I figured we should keep waiting. 20 minutes went by and I still have yet to see my card or receipt come back so I could sign. We finally got their attention and as it turns out... They forgot!!!! How incredibly annoying. It wasn't even busy as there were only two other tables in the dining area.Overall, this place is alright. The atmosphere is amazing. I loved all their decor. Totally looks like a fancy cocktail bar. Service could be a lot better!
5	Great neighborhood bar and restaurant. Food is excellent and reasonably priced. Staff is attentive and friendly. I definitely recommend the prime rib on Friday nights!  Good Happy Hour menu as well.
5	Wow...just wow.  I have known of Elixir for about a year and hesitated to try it out for dinner because it was a "lounge".  Big mistake.  From the moment we walked in to the plush, nicely decorated and spacious environment, I had high hopes...and was not in the least disappointed.  Frankly, when I looked at the menu I was a bit worried that they were not charging enough for the food to be good...yes, the prices are that low.  I ordered the Salmon Risoto and my wife had a chicken dish, both of which were first rate deliciously awesome.  Top that off with one of the better salads I've had at any restaurant and you can count us as happy campers.Although it certainly is a "lounge", as in bar, the tables and booths are plentiful and spacious.  There was live music being performed at the perfect volume.  I found the other clientele to be a cut above average, as was the wait staff - and by demonstration, the kitchen staff.We were already plotting our return to Elixir half way through our visit and decided it would be a great place to come back to for dinner, drinks, hanging out, taking friends or for any reason at all.In short, I loved Elixir and wish I'd tried it out sooner!
2	Pretty sure this was the worst service I've ever experienced in Vegas. Ever. Did my dream of having the super power of invisibility come true? Because it sure felt like I was invisible the entire time I was here.Upon sitting down, I was greeted within 5 mins. Ok. I was asked if I wanted a menu and I said yes. I received my beer and menu...and then boring. I sat there for over an hour. We finally got someone to come over after flagging them down. Not a good start.And then our food order was poorly timed. And then we couldn't get anyone to close us out. I must have that power of invisibility. It's not like the bar was overly crowded. And the two bartenders seemed to hate each other. And they only liked to pay attention to the customers they knew (and those folks didn't get checks).Here's a rundown of the food and drinks:- Beer offerings are alright. Mostly crap beers with a couple of decent ones. 3 stars- Whiskey Sour was impossibly weak. All ice and sour. 1 star - Chipotle chicken nachos were huge, but mostly all chips. Chicken had a decent flavor. Salsa was meh. Guac was good. 2.5 stars- Wedge and steak salad was ok. Wedge salad part had ok enough flavors. Not much bacon on it. The steak was really fatty and incredibly bland. 2 stars - The stroganoff was the best dish. Meat was cheap and some of it fatty. But the flavors were good. And the pasta was cooked well. 3 starsI really wanted to like this place. I'm close to it on a regular basis. But the service was so crappy. And the food just didn't overcome the crappy service. So while the decor and ambiance are nice, I won't be a regular. Maybe it's better if you sit at a table? Maybe it's better on a different night with different bartenders?
4	I didn't know what to expect from Elixer.  Located in an odd corner of Henderson intermixed among apartments and a small office complex.  It seemed odd entering and having to take an elevator upstairs but it created an interesting mistique.  The staff was friendly and Teresa and Tony were very helpful learning the menu.  There was live music on Saturday on a small stage.  They have happy hour till 6 but I was late.  There is a nice selection of beers and well drinks.  I only ordered an appetizer, the mashed potato bites, which were heavenly.  I gambled a bit so my drinks were free (something I didn't know about bars because I never play at the bar).  I was up about 80 dollars but I felt terrible about it so I gambled until it was all gone.  All in all it was a nice few hours on a Saturday evening watching sports on the several TV's above the bar.  THERE IS ALSO A POOL TABLE!!!!!!!! and poker tournaments on Tuesday Nights.
5	I'll keep it short and sweet... great service, awesome food, and strong drinks!!! I will be back for sure
2	The food was pretty good - kinda fancy American style. I was really excited about the location because it's kinda on a hill with this huge patio upstairs. Unfortunately, they closed the patio and put curtains over all the windows! What?!!?? I would have loved to come here and sit in the patio, enjoying the view and weather with a drink. I guess they're more focused on the gaming. Too bad because what could be a cool neighborhood bar is now just a pts with a red interior. Oh and to top it all off, it's smoky as hell inside. Probably won't be back.
5	One of my friends started working at this place when it opened. I enjoyed it back then because it was nice to get out of the typical bar environment. Recently, they've added a nice red felted pool table to match the ambiance of the place (along with Golden Tee) and I'm a happier camper. The service staff are all very friendly and the food is pretty good too!
3	A Groupon took us there last weekend. It sounded kind of cool and chill. We arrived rather early on a Saturday night--probably before six. It was trendy-looking with black and red decor--a little modern gothic. However, at that time, it was brightly lit, sports games were playing on big monitors, and country music was blaring. Was it a sports bar or a chill-out lounge? Very strange. Closer to 7, the lights went down, and we saw a musician setting up, so perhaps later into the evening it looks like it the name suggests. I ordered the Elixir Margarita, which was probably one of the worst I've ever had. It tasted like straight lime juice. I like a little more sweet.  It was happy hour when I ordered it, so it wasn't very expensive. Our Groupon was for an appetizer and two entrees. We ordered the nachos. The up side was that it was a HUGE portion. This would have been perfect for a table of friends sharing some munchies over happy hour.  For two of us, it was a MEAL! It was not that great tasting, though. The meat was pretty flavorless, and the real cheese stuck it all together pretty fast. Kind of reminded me of when I make nachos at home. Eh. My husband ordered a steak, and it was cooked nicely, and it had a good flavor. I ordered Angel Hair Pasta, and it was fresh and had a nice flavor.  I only ate a few bites because of the nachos, and I took the rest home. The next night my family of 4 ate it for dinner. It was that big of a portion!I'm ambivalent about going there again to eat.   Apparently they have live music in the evenings on the weekends, so if we're in the neighborhood, I think I'd like scope it out then.
4	I had one one the best old fashions I've had in a while. Street tacos were fantastic, great presentation as well. Service was good, cool atmosphere to relax and have a good drink with some good food. Would definitely recommend it, and would definitely go back again.
5	I absolutely love the interior design. I would take any friends here for a night out that is close to home but not the typical dive or gaming bar feel. This place feels snazzy. The us timer service is great. All of the hosts are interactive and make you feel comfortable but not overwhelmed. Thanks for a superb environment to relax and have a drink.
1	My cousins 30th bday dinner was Saturday night at Elixir...I had read multiple positive reviews and figured all would go off without any hitches....WRONG. From the second we walked in I was kind of put off...the hostess/waitress was sitting at a hi top table with a patron eating his french fries. She proceeded to seat us and treated us as though we had interrupted her effing meal. It only got worse. Now let me tell you, I am very much a go with the flow type of personality. I have learned not to expect too much because you will constantly end up disappointed. That being said, our server was not only incompetent, but, had a stank ass attitude to go along with her ineptitude. After we placed our orders she proceeded to clear the table of menus, as she was doing this she dropped the menus and loudly said "god d*** it!" Listen I'm no holy roller, but, that shite was uncalled for. The food was brought to our table in no particular order and we were given the task of sorting which meal went to which seat. I had ordered the Philly cheesesteak sandwich, which by now I'm sure you have guessed did not even show up with the rest of the food. So as our sourpuss server comes by again, I asked if my meal would be out shortly, to which she replied what did you order again? I told her I had ordered a  Philly cheesesteak and she in a irritated manner said "okay, I will let the kitchen know you want ANOTHER cheesesteak sandwich." She made it sound like I never ordered anything to eat in the first place. I sat there for a second and thought to myself "I don't want ANOTHER cheesesteak sandwich, I want the one that I ordered 20 minutes ago!"In conclusion I want to be fair to this joint and let everyone know that the food I actually ate was pretty good,but, the service sucked gonads.
5	I first experienced a taste of Elixir at a Yelp Elite event.  The bountiful food served was so good that night that I vowed to be back.  And, even though the food choices appearing on the regular menu were totally different than what was offered buffet style to Yelpers a month earlier, they were still of 5-star quality.  Meatballs 3-Ways with Ricotta Cheese, herbs, and spices was a large and comforting appetizer that was served with Alfredo, Marinara, and an interesting Green Pepper Cream Sauce.  When requested grated Parmesan Cheese arrived, I liberally sprinkled what appeared to be fresh cheese onto the meatballs, and was quite pleased with the result.  Breaded Chicken Fingers were mild, well made, and also satisfying.These fine apps were followed by an excellent cheesy French Onion Soup prepared with nicely caramelized Vidalia Onions and a well-deconstructed crouton in a Sherry Wine Beef Broth that was capped by a lid of melted Swiss Cheese.An enormous entree of off-the-menu Beef Stroganoff was simply excellent, with abundant lengths of lean beef, an immense amount of flat noodles, and creamy, heart-warming Brown Sauce intermixed with sour cream.  What I took home was too big for lunch, so it served as another delicious dinner.Beer Battered Fish & Chips included moist deep-fried cod and a tasty homemade Lemon Tartar Sauce accompanied by creamy Coleslaw.  Our request to put our leftover food in the cooler while my party of four adjourned to play several hands of Nevada Poker League-sponsored Texas Hold 'em upstairs was graciously granted by our server Katie.  Hours later our food was cheerfully brought to us, and we left.  But not for long!  I will surely be back for more onion soup and sumptuous stroganoff!
5	I love this place and there drink menu the atmosphere is very nice and the locals are welcoming. I will go again! Probably become a regular! Love bands on weekends!
3	I've been here a few times for early evening drinks. The ambiance of the place is great! Very swanky in red and black. The location is nice too, it seems an odd place for a lounge but I like it. I don't have to go to the strip or downtown to get that little bit of extra over your regular neighborhood bar. It's pretty mellow and quite enough to have a conversation, which is a rare find for a bar! But on my most recent visit last night (a Friday night) it was getting a little loud with a band setting up. Nevertheless the vibe is what sells me on this place. I'm heading there again tonight for a 1st date. Hopefully the Saturday night vibe doesn't kill the chill lounge vibe. Lastly, on the menu, this is why it only gets 3 stars. I haven't eaten much here but nibbled on a few fries, or the like, from others plates. I don't remember  finding much for vegetarian options. They seem limited to the pretzel bites, make your own pizza, or a veggie burger. They don't even have a vegetarian salad, how odd is that? It's a SALAD. You're supposed to be focusing on the veggies in that case. Pretty boring in my opinion. Asking for subtractions or substitutions is a pain but if your diet is other than avid carnivore you'll need to be that person here. Friends that are carnivores say the food is good though.
5	Last night I ate at Elixir for the second time, and once again I was wowed by the service from our waitress.  She was very attentive and cheerful, she seemed like she actually liked her job.  For a starter we had the mash potato bites, which were pretty good, if not a little weird.  The Elixir chicken sandwich was amazing, so much flavor, as well as the chicken quesadilla. Oh and the spinach artichoke dip was great as well!The ambiance of this place is very old Vegas, rich colors and heavy drapes.  Elegant with a sports bar element.
5	We have been here twice now, once with a group and once just 2 of us. Both times we had attentive servers. The decor is really cool and the place is pretty big. No shortage of seats, even for large parties. Last time we ordered food and the portions are huge! Waaaay too much food so really we could have shared a plate, but the sandwich I had and the soup  and sandwich my bf had were delicious. There is music from a jukebox I think but it's not too loud to talk. Also, the waitress told me on, Wednesdays I think she said, they use a room upstairs to hold one of those paint classes. So I'm looking forward to doing one of those sometime. We will definitely go back here.
1	ABSOLUTE WORST SERVICE EVER!! Let me just begin by saying that I drove with a family of 4 from southern California to enjoy a birthday dinner at this place. Because my husband & I are "foodies" of sorts and MUST know the quality of food & service at every restaurant we try. We had pretty high expectations of Elixir being that we saw an average of 4 stars out of 5 BEFORE trying this place. To try making this long story short... The employees were RUDE to say the least. Our server rolled her eyes and sighing at our large party for the time it took to order (as it would normally for a party of our size), cursed when dropping dishes, got our order wrong AND blamed it on US!! I just couldn't take it any longer. I complained to the manager but her solution was to pay for a round of drinks. Wasn't worth it!! We should've walked out the moment we walked in and had a nasty hostess/server speak to us with her mouth full of fries. Disgusting!! If service doesn't matter to you then you MIGHT be ok... If they get your order right.
4	I have to modulate my rating a star because management has become more inflexible by taking its fine Beef Stroganoff dish off the menu, and refusing special requests for its preparation.  Nevertheless, after four dinner visits, I can now declare with some confidence that this establishment is still a great purveyor of other well-prepared comfort food.  For appetizers I sampled delightful mayonnaise-based Deviled Eggs with tiny Gherkins inserted in the whipped yolk, creamy Crab Bites with Chipotle Cream Sauce, and fine doughy Garlic Knots except for slightly burned bottoms.Soup or salad is included with entrees.  On two occasions Albondigas Soup was a big hit, with celery, tomato, and just slightly spicy triangle-shaped meatballs dunked in a very tasty and hot broth.  French Onion Soup is very sound.  And the New England Clam Chowder I enjoyed here contained numerous pieces of clam, potatoes, and celery, and packed a nice spicy back bite.   Grilled Salmon with Citrus Butter was moist and  accompanied by excellent mid-sized Asparagus Spears and very good Rice Pilaf.  A generous serving of Fish & Chips presented me with three moist and tasty batons of deep-fried fish and an ample supply of tapered French Fries.  I saved one fish fillet and some potatoes for lunch the next day, where both fish and fries held up very well.  I also learned that Elixir handcrafts a superior-tasting Tartar Sauce and quite tasty Coleslaw..Booth seating away from the bar is very comfortable here in a somewhat darkened romantic atmosphere, except one time piped in music was a little loud.  Service has always been excellent and attentive, although once Coleslaw was initially forgotten.
4	Stopped in for lunch the other day to see a friend and the place surprisingly was pretty crowded.This is a place kind of hidden from the main road in an apartment/office complex and the food is pretty good.  I have not been here in the early evening since it reopened as this place, but they still have acoustic type singers performing in the evening hours, they do a weekly poker tournament on Tuesdays, no buy in but you do win great prizes.Overall this is a pretty cool place to hang out in.  They are part if the Remedy's family and it is a nice comfy place for some food and drink.  The menu is not overwhelming with choices but enough choices to satisfy your taste.
4	Good on a football Sunday. The servers were really friendly and remembered our names when we left. Machine play was nice, got a free $20 to play (even though you had to bet at least 50 cents a play). Drinks were good, had a bottomless mimosas and bottomless bloody marys for brunch for only ten dollars. I had draft Rebel IPA and Magic Hat #9, which was nice to have on draft. The beer bacon and cheese soup was excellent. The Sunday specials not so much. Deviled eggs were fine, chicken fingers were fine as well, but the "angus" sliders were garbage. The bun was dry and flaky and the meat was mcdonald quality. The fries were a bit bland too, but the specials were really cheap so it wasn't bad.The real positive is how nice the place is. Plenty of TVs to watch games, plenty of incentives to play the video machines, the bartenders were nice and the place was pretty friendly. Definitely a nice place to watch some games or to hang out for a drink.
3	Let me first start off saying this place is a good place however some items on the menu are awesome (corned beef) and some are not so awesome, Western Bacon Burger.The menu says fresh ground beef which I believe it is but it is not an in house made burger patty.  You can tell when a patty is put together in house and from one purchased as an already made fresh ground patty.I am not saying it was horrible because it was not, but I have had way better burgers at places I will share with you if interested if you contact me, I will not post names here and this burger was just ok.  It is something I can now say been there, done that.  Next time I will try something else I have not had here before and we will see.  Like I said in the beginning, the corned beef sandwich I had last time I was here was amazing.  The menu has a decent selection of foods and you should go there.Please understand when it comes to the burger and this review, this is my personal opinion and feeling which means if you like burgers, give it a try and write a review with your opinion.
4	As soon as I walked in the staff was very welcoming.  The bartender offered me some water while I waited for my grieves to get there.  The decor was really cool with the red chandeliers and dark accents. There was a nice variety of happy hour drinks & small bites.  The wait staff was very attentive and I enjoyed my dirty martini with blue cheese stuffed olives. I didn't eat but my friends all enjoyed their meals which included the meatball trio, bacon avocado chicken sandwich,  and pepperoni pizza. My only complaint was that it was very smokey inside the lounge.
2	Daytime 5 stars: Great atmosphere!  Service is great and food is awesome. You can go with a crowd or alone and always feel comfortable. Nighttime 0 stars (recently): lady Manager seems to just pay attention to the "special" male clientele, while the other of us have to wait.  If there are two behind the bar we all have to sit while the other bartender runs ragged. I waited to write this review until I was sure it wasn't just a 1 time occurrence. Once I was gambling and I waited 40 min without being asked if I would like another drink, so I walked out (there were 5 people in the place). I would really like this place to succeed so hopefully this review helps.
5	The food is really good with fair prices.  The service is always fast and on point.   Cool looking place with a flair.
5	Great drinks and the service is always on point.   Live music is always there in the evening.   Not a bad place to hang out!
5	You have to try the same juice and the angel hair pasta! So good! Best local lounge to hang out at.
1	Terrible service, burger was burnt and tasted like charcoal, had a $9 cocktail that was undrinkable, employees seemed to hate their life's, and heard a fight almost break out in the kitchen. Definitely won't be coming back. The decor was pretty neat but the place is nothing but a run down pt's in disguise.
4	Nice atmosphere. The waitress was very nice, but gave a little attitude when I mentioned that my steak tacos were a little to fatty. Also I suggest they filter their water better since it has a bad taste. Over all the experience was good, I would go back.
