5	I had a shower drain problem and needed it fixed in a day.  They showed up in 1 hour and fixed everything in less than two hours.  Very professional and responsive.  Also they recommended some drywall contractors to repair the wall.   Very knowledgeable and efficient.  I am very satisfied.
1	We had a true EMERGENCY tonight and the woman who answered the phone not only seemed disinterested but she was annoyed. She first quoted me $150 an hour (which I wrote down amongst all of my notes from trying to reach a reputable plumber) but then as I was trying to see if she was going to get someone here faster than another company who gave me a 3 hour window, she told me it would be $175/hour. Now that's dishonest, tacky and inexcusable. I would have paid whatever. I found a great company who came directly out and helped us. No thanks to Dickerson....
1	I have used Jim Dickerson plumbing over the years, however will not use their services any longer. They over charge for labor and the cost of repairs. I had someone come out for 2 plumbing issues.. A leaking sink and tub. I was charged 3 hours of labor for sealing a leak under the kitchen sink and an attempt to repair the tub leak. The tub leak was not able to be fixed because of the need to replace a valve. The technician spent hours trying to find the water source in the house and then left to go get parts to attempt to repair the tub leak. I was charged 441.00 for labor and the cost of repairing the leak under the sink which was "sealed."After sending a request to speak with the technician to find out exact details of the work, their accounting department sent a return email only that stated they overcharged for the work done and credited 200.00. The total cost still remained at 288.00. I was charged for the time the tech left and attempted to find a part for work that was not completed. After knowing their inconsistency in their work, I will no longer use their services. Very disappointed.
5	Six months ago, our hot water heater died one cold night in February.  When I called Jim Dickerson Plumbing in the morning, they were able to replace the unit that afternoon.  Although they may not have claimed to be the least expensive in the area, they were able to provide same day service in an emergency situation.  Also, they provided a few case scenarios over the phone to tell me why the competitors cheaper 'quotes' might be such low estimates and that the end result may be a higher price.  What they provided over the phone already took into account certain additional items, assuming no major problems, so we'd have less of a surprise bill in the end.  Therefore, we went with Jim Dickerson Plumbing and were quite pleased with the service.  Just last week, the water heater began working incorrectly.  All issues related to the heater pointed to the manufacturer, not the plumber.  After numerous service calls, reordered parts, and additional problems spanning almost a week with the manufacturer, Jim Dickerson Plumbing came through with excellent customer service, same day service calls in each situation, and technical expertise.  In the end, the majority of this was handled on a Saturday.  I realize the business has 'on call' office staff and technicians, but we feel they went above and beyond their duties to ensure our house had hot water THAT DAY after the debacle we had experienced for almost a week.  Again, we seemed to get a 'lemon' of a product, by no fault of Jim Dickerson Plumbing.  The manufacturer "State" was horrible in providing assistance or solutions or accurate information to Jim Dickerson.  The plumbing company, on the other hand, transported an entire water heater to my house to use for 'spare parts' if need be.  The technicians [all of them that had been to our house:  Branden, Clayton, Cooper, Jason] and Marti and Debbie in the office were great.  Marti spent a lot of effort and energy trying to determine why the manufacturer did not deliver what was promised so that Jim Dickerson Plumbing could continue to do their job as they promised.  Not only was she diligent, but she was very empathetic and that helped us remain calm in a very frustrating situation.  We will recommend them highly whenever the opportunity arises.
