3	Okay, I will give in and give it the extra star to push it to A-OK but it really is just OK and I have had better.  Came here for St Paddy's day as I was starting a week of hitting spring training. The patrons are what were tripping me out the most.  It's Mullet Hunters Paradise.  Locks of love should send out a mobile unit and roofie these hill billys and take their hockey haircuts from them.Several patrons struck me as particularly odd.  The girl who came in and EVERYONE was staring at her.  She got all dolled up and was ready to rock Surprise AZ.  She was the hottest chick in the town.  You could tell everyone in the room was thinking it..... Except me.  She had a circa 1986 feathered hair style, and some flash dance style dress with these goofy looking boots.  Or the lady that was totally fine with letting her kids sit at home starving while she got drunk.  She told her Brother "dont tell the kids I am at the Bar"  classic.  Brother felt bad and took them Mcdonalds and came back.Bartender was a really cool lady that hooked me up with some corned beef and cabbage.  It was close to where I was staying and since it was St. Paddy's I wasn't venturing out but next time I will.
4	If I had to choose from every single bar in Surprise (excluding restaurant bars) to just chill out, relax and have a beer or to tear it up on a weekend night, this would be my first pick. Im really on the verge of saying its kind of the dive bar of Surprise. Its nothing fancy, dont expect a bunch of "decor". This is your average simple laid back bar. Ive always liked it here. Good service and good drinks. Horse betting and pool tables. Best choice of music on the juke box. Always a fun crowd. I have nothing bad to say about this place. Always have had Good Times!
4	Well I found myself in Surprise on the weekend visiting my good friend on his bday. He suggested Coyote Alley so we rode our Harley's up the road. I've never been so I was excited to check it out. I heard it was a chill biker hangout with live bands on the weekend so I was game. Had a good time with good service and good drink prices. Lots of TVs on the wall and a stage in the corner. We saw a live band which was actually really good!Not much more to say other than a chill place to kick back at in Surprise to have a good time with or watch a game. Ill will come back.
3	It's a neighborhood bar, plain and simple. A couple pool tables, several TVs showing various sports, typical fried food bar menu. I came here specifically to play Buzztime Trivia and it was close to where I was staying for the weekend. One server, Sara, was really overworked and always seemed friendly while trying to get out of the weeds (okay...Sara's really cute too).  I might visit here again, but there are other places to play trivia in the area and would try them before returning here.
1	This place is awful... I like dive bars. I really do... but I don't like dive bars that completely discriminate. I mean, seriously, who does that!? It's 2013! If you are not a "biker" of some sort you're unwelcomed.. and they make it very apparent.When we were walking up wearing jeans and a t shirt, the whole "crew" on the patio stopped the whole conversation and turned to stare at us walk in. Then once we were inside, we had to pretty much hound the bartender for drinks. They make it SO well known that if you are not a biker, or trailer trashy, you are NOT welcomed. It's insane that a place SO discriminatory would still exist in 2013 and even more so, in a place as diverse as Surprise, AZ. Although, the drinks can be fairly cheap (given whatever the bartender decides to do-over charge or charge you for what you actually got) and they're strong, the unfriendly and lousy service is not worth it. I'm never giving this crap hole my money again.
3	Wasn't really impressed with Coyote Alley.  It's OK.  Food isn't anything to write home about it.  Service was not great.  Maybe it was an off night.  I might go back.  We'll see.
