1	BEWARE. STAY AWAY.After cancelling my services with the company, the company continued to charge two of my accounts close to $1,000 -- one year after having cancelled my services.  After I realized they erroneously charged my accounts, I called to complain and request my refund. The first time I called to report it, they told me that someone had fraudulently opened an account in my name -- this turned out to be a lie. No one had taken my credit information and there was no account opened in my name. I began requesting that my money be returned to my accounts at which point my calls stopped being returned. FOUR months later, I finally was able to get a call back Barry Michaels on the phone (after threatening with legal action).  He told me he could not give me all of the money back at one time and instead offered to send weekly payments until the amount was paid. Another four months went by and I had not received one payment. I left dozens of messages over the course of the next FIVE MONTHS and Barry said "I have a bunch of bills I can't afford to pay in front of me!". Again he offered to pay back the amount in payments. Again, he has failed to follow through on his commitment.  These guys illegally took money out of my account and have used that money to continue running their business. It has now been ONE YEAR AND FOUR MONTHS and I have still not received one cent from Nevada Only. Not only did they charge close to $1,000 to my cards, but it has been accruing interest in the meantime. Please STAY AWAY from this company and avoid having them take money out of your accounts ILLEGALLY.
1	INCOMPETENT and NOT TRUSTWORTHYIncorrectly prepared/filed 2 official government forms & refused to pay refund or cost to correct; Charged ($375) for two services never performed. Nevada Only recommend a plan to form Jurisprudence LLC in my name ($749+$95 fee). Two dbas (The Arbitration Center and The Umbra Firm) would be in Jurisprudence LLC's name ($50 fee). I would open the bank accounts using the dbas and Jurisprudence LLC documents (required so I could open and control the accounts). Then, NV Only would change the Officer List (earn the Officer Change fee of $125) to reflect NV Only as Manager (and earn the Nominee fee of $250) to replace me as manager. Thereafter, Nevada Only would file the Foreign Corporation documents with California listing Nevada Only as Manager and/or agent for process (earning a $225 fee). The above results in my two dbas held by my Jurisprudence LLC with my bank accounts under my control, and Nevada Only as Manager and agent for service for process. I paid the $1,424 fee charged by Nevada Only. Instead, Nevada Only put the two dbas in their own name, listed my name as California agent for service in the Foreign Corporation Filing, and never performed the Officer List change or nominated Nevada Only as Manager. However, Nevada Only never sent me proof of the above, and orally told me it was done correctly. After many phone calls to ascertain the status and obtain the necessary documentation to operate, I researched the matter personally, and discovered their wrongdoing, including having to drive to the County Recorder's Office to obtain dba information (45 miles one way). After confronting Nevada Only, they agreed to abandon the dbas, and pay $62 to refund the filing fees. I was able to convert the dbas to my name, but had to pay a local newspaper $100 to publish the change. Nevada Only refuses to refund they fee charged ($50) or reimburse the publication fee ($100). They also refuse to publish the Notice of Abandonment required by law. Nevada Only refuses to refund the $225 Foreign Corporation fee or correct their mistake. Nevada Only never performed the Officer List Change or nominated Nevada Only to earn the Nominee Fee. Nevada Only refuses to refund the $375 paid for those service. Therefore, Nevada Only owes me $100 for the publication fee paid the local newspaper, $50 for the fee paid Nevada Only to prepare the dbas; $57 for the abandonment and new dba fee charged by the County; $225 for the Foreign Corporation fee, $125 for the Officer List Change and $250 for the Nominee Fee, minus the $62 Nevada Only did refund for a total of $520.
