5	Gangplank is a great technical and creative resource in the SE Valley, and hopefully an indicator of growth around the idea of co-working and collaborative environments.We use the Hacknight as an opportunity for Ignite Phoenix planning, and everyone there has been incredibly supportive. It is just one of many things that would not have succeeded without Gangplank,
5	Gangplank is a great place for anyone who does ANY work with the Internet or Tech community to work, hang out or meet up.   Gangplank is anchored by 4 companies who provide support for the freelancers and community growing here. Open Monday - Friday during normal business hours (830am - 6pm or so) and until at least 10pm on Wednesdays for Hacknights (http://hacknight.gangplankhq.com).   There are open desks, open wifi, and plenty of smart people around to help with nearly any sort of project.Wednesdays also have the lunchtime Gangplank Academy session where local people talk about entrepreneurship, business, technology or design.  Gangplanks mission of building a collaborative community is working, as evidenced by the lack of chairs now at events.   You can find out more at http://gangplankhq.com, following them on twitter http://twitter.com/gangplank,the facebook group  http://is.gd/fJIZ, or just swinging out to the office.See you there!
5	I work here so I may be a little bias but this is the one place I feel will make Arizona a better place.  The ideas, enthusiasm, and sheer genius that is housed under this roof is quite amazing.  I'm confident in saying that if I have a question, I can just yell it out and someone will have the answer (often times many many people have the answer).  Truly I have never worked in a place before where I was actually excited to work overtime or come in on a Saturday (which I am actually doing today).  Bottom line, if you are a graphic design, a programmer, a photographer, an artist, a geek, a nerd, a video game player, a movie lover, a marketing person, a social media junkie, or just a person who loves hanging out with cool people, you owe it to yourself to come down here.
5	I'm a huge fan of  Gangplank. Prior to getting more involved with the community, I was happy to keep my head down & just work. Gangplank & many of the events they support there have totally opened me up to what a great tech community we have in Phoenix. Since attending my first local event, Startup Weekend which was hosted there, I have been compelled to connect with folks in town & to try to do my part to make Phoenix a better place.I'm also very impressed with how much they give and how little they ask. They provide co-working space for free, lunch & learns, social/work events like hacknight and also host many of the clubs & organizations in town. They really ask nothing in return. It's amazing.I was very disappointed to hear of the break in there this weekend. Whoever did that is an absolute tool and if they are going to continue  lame, illegal behavior like that (until they hopefully get caught & prosecuted to the fullest), they need to confine it to targets that aren't as altruistic and giving as Gangplank.  If you wanted those computers, you likely know what Gangplank does for the communtiy & you deserve to burn.
5	These people are gonna change the world. Better believe it.
5	I come here about once a week to work and attend their hacknight. I've been coming here since last October when they had their Startup Weekend event. The owners and others who work here are very nice and helpful if you need some help. It's a great place to work with other technophiles, and learn in the process.Drop by and you will meet plenty of new people, who will be very nice, and will even help you get acquainted with others.
5	This is my home from home when I'm working on projects or need to escape the cube farm. Gangplank is a great resource for local techies and creative types. I love the open, collaborative environment and the fact that they actually thought about what people and companies need when they are trying to be productive and get things done. First: It may seem trivial, but the plain, large IKEA tables with power outlets cable-tied to the legs are a real boon! The first thing I do when about to work on my Mac is look for the juice.Next: The podcast studio is a real asset. They modestly claim that it's not as good as they'd like, but stick your head in the door and you'll be blown away.Next-to-Last: Everyone there is fun and welcoming. There's no such thing as a dumb question. Someone is always on hand to chat or bounce around ideas or joke with.Lastly: What's not to like about a place with a pool table, a dart board, and a comfy couch? Hacknights are the place to be on a Wednesday evening if you have a project to work on or you feel like hanging out with some mighty cool peeps and tweeps. :)
5	This place if full of win!A great place to connect with some amazing people who have a huge passion for the web and technology community in phoenix. You can drop by any weekday to get work done on some well put together Swedish desks with plenty of power strips for all your electronic need and of course free wifi. There is also sweet tunes always playing on the gangplank speaker system! Next time you think you need to go to Starbucks to get work done, why not try coming to gangplank instead.Make sure and show up on Wednesdays during lunch to see some awesome speakers talk about pretty much anything related to the web community in phoenix. Or show up on Wednesday nights to hang and eat pizza with some great techy peeps from all over Phoenix!
5	I love hanging out at gangplank. I know my way around technology but that's about it. I've gotten so much advice and great tips from the regular faces that I try to visit at least once a week. It's a great place to sit and work for hours on end. It's an open workspace and collaborative environment. I highly suggest it for anyone looking to escape a cube or even their home office.
5	I had no idea what to expect as I pulled up to the Gangplank office just before noon today... Perhaps a bunch of techy computer nerds that didn't speak my language?  That was my fear.But I was pleasantly surprised - everyone was warm and welcoming and although they may speak in a crazy tech language to each other, I was able to communicate amongst the group just fine. As the other reviews state that came before this one, Gangplank is an open workspace that anyone is welcome to pop in on... they have weekly events and presentations, such as the brown bag lunch that I presented at today.  I have a feeling if Gangplank were not located all the way in Chandler, I'd be a regular - but I do plan on making the drive again soon for sure.The people that work from Gangplank seem like the 'people to know' if you are looking for an awesome local techy community that is creative, smart, and fun. Check it out for yourself... maybe i'll see you there!
5	My home away from home. When I first moved to Chandler (almost 2 years ago now), I was a little concerned. Brand new place and not a lot of folks I knew. I stumbled across the people of Gangplank after a local meetup and visited the place not long after.Wow.If you've got any geek in you at all, this is your spot. The vibe is just... inspiring. It's about fun. And it's about getting stuff done. It's about hanging out with other people every bit as smart as you -- and more so. And it's about teaching others.It's Gangplank. And I'm proud to be a part.
5	This place is great. These are very talented designers, developers and strategists that share their collective knowledge with the intent of establishing and growing a vibrant community.
5	I am not a programmer or a coder, etc... so when my husband told me about Gangplank and their "Hack night" I was concerned about what I was in for.I was quite surprised. The folks are nice and fun. It has a true community feel about it. Many of the people who work at Gangplank I now consider good friends. Gangplank is an open workspace. There are several anchor companies but anyone can drop in and work. They have a recording studio. Several podcasts come out of this studio each week. Drop in anytime and enjoy the collaboration that happens!
5	What can you say about Gangplank? It's just about the coolest idea to ever hit the planet. Here's the scoop (in case you don't get it already)...Imagine a place where a collective of similar tech related companies have come together to co-exist and collaborate on anything. Then add in an open and welcome atmosphere for creation and collaboration. Put all this into a large office space with plenty of room to host events and whatever else you can dream up. Then open the doors to the public and invite all who may be amused by the people who live inside.Top that off with a spiffy pirate name/theme and what do you have?You've got yourself a crucible for awesomeness! All I can say is if you are even remotely nearby, you should stop in and just say hi. I guarantee you will just want to hang out and soak in the awesome.If you are a freelancer, the workspace is open for you to come, work, collaborate and ping off of some of the brilliant minds that reside in the "belly of the plank". Wednesdays are especially great with the lunch "brownbag" speaker sessions and the evening filled with "hacknight" where all sorts of great collaboration takes place. Another thing where you just have to experience it to truly understand. Swing by and walk the plank! :)(now if it was only closer to me, I'd be there every day for sure ... sigh)
5	I dig pirates, freedom, and tech, so when I caught wind of Gangplank via Twitter, I had to check it out.  The Web site is real pretty but didn't give me a solid idea of what to expect -- I was imagining something like an ASU computer lab or some ish.  Lucky for me, mi amigo David Daniels (@launchclinic) from Pragmatic Marketing was presenting at the weekly brown-bag lunch talk, so I slipped up in there to find out what's really hood.As it turns out, the only thing that Gangplank shares with the old Computing Commons is computers (and it's BYOC at that).  Whereas a lot of shared workspaces can feel either sterile or stifling, Gangplank put its electric vibe on me as soon as I walked in.   Whiteboards and bulletin boards on the perimeter are host to flow charts and slogans ["Walk the plank"]; folks collaborate intently on cool-looking  'jects; rooms off to the side are used for recording podcasts and incubating new ideas.  The presentation (or "roundtable," as Daniels called it) was dope (and streamed live), and there was a lot of insightful discussion during the session.  After Daniels wrapped, I hung around for a few minutes to meet  a couple of the other attendees and Gangplank honchos (including SimpleSeating chief Steve Swedler), all of whom were very personable and really nice (+ scary smart) folk.Just to make sure it wasn't a fluke, I popped by for the next Wednesday talk, this time by James Archer (@jamesarcher) of Forty Agency.  Different topic, same fresh experience, same crowd of in-thar people.  That's two for two -- next week, I'm going to get some work in during their Wednesday "hacknight."This joint has the kind of exciting, inspiring atmosphere that gets Frankenstein's monster off the slab.   Vibrant, fun, rebellious, yet hella focused.  The kind of place where ideas flow and real things get done.Gangplank is the only movement I can think of that lives up to its own hype.  Highly recommended.
5	I had been hearing about Gangplank for as long as I can remember. My first encounter was towards the beginning of this year when I swung by for a peak during an event. I absolutely fell in love with the space and the concept. Since then, I have been holding my IxDA Phoenix events there and heading to Gangplank for other meetings and events. They have been so helpful by not only allowing me to hold IxDA Phoenix there, but also asking me if I'd like a permanent spot on their calendar. It's a perfect spot to foster collaboration, ideas, and discussion. There are white boards, tons of tables and chairs, wifi and so much more. People are always there to bounce ideas off of, and you can't help but be inspired when you sit down and get ready to accomplish a goal.Most recently I was there for the ReOpen Phoenix event last night. I love music and get a kick out of seeing the results of collaboration of different styles and genres so I thought I would sit in for a bit and have a listen. I ended up staying there until the very end. The music was fantastic, it was great to meet new people, and I ended up being able to get some work done all at the same time. This definitely needs to happen more often.Truly a great place to spend a few hours at if you need to get something accomplished! Great things happen here!
5	I'd been hearing about this place via Twitter, #evfn, etc... for weeks and last week @rrodrigo & I were looking for a place to work on some RSS research we were doing. We hit Gangplank during lunch time and it was dead. We had our pick of places to hang out, so we grabbed a table and got to work. There were some people working in rooms around, thinking up the next best project, and it didn't feel weird at all grabbing some chairs and collaborating. After the lunch hour a ton more people came in, and I knew many. We said our hellos and everyone got to work. This was a great experience and we'll be back soon.
5	The best thing to hit the Valley business scene since HELOC.The definition of coworking; community.
5	I first heard about gangplank at the Arizona Entrepreneurship Conference last year.  Since then I have been a regular there and the people that co-work or work there are some of the most inspirational ones I know and are passionate about bringing start-up culture to Phoenix area.  The companies that anchor Gangplank are always working overtime to plan events from Gangplank Jr. for kids to learn programming to the Wednesday "brown bag" talks that have ranged in topics from how to pitch to angel investor to a local news anchor talking about how they are using Twitter as a resource for news leads.Gangplank rocks.  Nuff said.@iamtimhardy
5	Open, free place to create and collaborate. Try a Wednesday night "hacknight" or Wednesday "brownbag" lunch session for your first time. Just walk in, find an open desk, get on the free wi-fi and chat with those around you.
5	Simply the best thing to happen to the Phoenix technology community ever, period.
5	Yelp needs the ability to add a sixth star...Not much to add to what's already been written here. Gangplank rocks my world.Several wannabe geeks whose day job entails selling real estate got all fired up to find an open collaborative workspace where we could talk real estate and get our geek on.Gangplank offered up some space, and we're off to the races.Let's face it. It takes special people to welcome a bunch of real estate agents, lenders and title guys into their work place. Gangplank welcomes us with open arms. That's pretty freaking cool.
5	I attended my first brown bag lunch today with Dean Martin guest speaker. This place is pretty cool. Can't wait til next week.
5	Too many people associated with business gathering places have a WIIFM attitude, but that is not the case at Gangplank. They openly share workspace, bandwidth, and collaborative information.  In addition, if it's not a school backpack-supplies drive they are having, then it's Toys for Tots or a canned food drive, so they are always giving back to the community.  Good energy, good people, good attitudes and great innovations. What a collaboration and a model for many others to copy!
5	I was part of Desert Bloom a few weeks ago and it was my first time at the new Gangplank location.  Though I don't know what it looks like during working hours (the room was cleared for painting and such), it's an awesome space.  I have a lot of friends who go to Gangplank to work and it's just such a cool concept all-around!  I don't get out to this part of the Valley very often, but I would definitely consider business meetings here.
5	I don't get to Chandler much living in Central Phoenix, and was amazed at how its downtown has changed the past 12 years. And yet Chandler has managed to keep some 30-40-something year old commercial buildings from getting bulldozed long enough for Gangplank to colonize them. Good work! There's enough fever-dream post-proto-modernist glass bead games going on over the past decade out there already. But they do have some cool bus stops. Anyway, back to gangplank - a gaggle of geeks renting seemingly true brick construction, onsite carpentered roof trussed nondescript commercial boxes that must've housed companies bankrupted by Home Depot and Walmart decades ago now repurposed for a cadre of self employed graphic design- and webheads. And growing - Tyler, chief webhead told me they're gonna take over 260 S Arizona as a conference center. Keep taking over those ancient buildings guys - downtown Chandler needs to remember what it was way back in the disco era! Seriously though, this is a wonderful thing happening in too few places around the Valley - saving disposable buildings from being bulldozed off to the landfill and re-using them as incubators for creative entrepreneurs almost as young as the buildings themselves.
5	For community meetings, they are welcoming and happy to help. For brainstorming, the place is full of genius. There is always a wide array of activities to attend and they stay true to their focus of building community.Designers, writers, programmers, scientists, musicians, parents, children, entrepreneurs and so on... this place is for anybody who has a heart for connection and learning. I have met so many amazing people here; Gangplank has given me access to people, activities and opportunities I never knew existed. This place is my home away from home. Don't be shy, the pirates won't bite. Go check it out!
5	If you need space for just about any event, this should be the first place you look into. Mostly it's a workspace, but my daughter's Girl Scout troop hosted a literacy/writing event in February, and it was a huge success! As long as you plan it well in advance, you can hold any meeting or gathering. They also host talks and workshops, and have Gangplank Jr. to get those kiddos interested in science and technology. Again- your first place to look when you need a space for an event, or just need to get some work done, is Gangplank. Go take a tour- because you can't truly grasp the awesome until you see it for yourself.
5	If you are into technology, startups or just self employed looking for ideas and sharing ideas it doesn't get better than this.Stop on in, connect to the wi-fi and start sharing your ideas with others. Make sure you stop by with lunch in hand for the Wednesday for their brown bag sessions. Always a great way to hear what others are doing in the community.
5	awesome, friendly staff!  loved the orange room and the projector.  the computers are huge, there's sticky notes everywhere all lined up in little rows and techy nerds concentrating really hard :)  had a great time, thanks!
5	KILLER workspace, definitely fits the name *nudge* haha, get it?! No? Ok I'll stop. Moving on. The workspace/meeting space is contemporary, comfortable and welcoming. Especially for all you Macophiles in the world - they look like the Arizona division of Apple, Inc. (I think they have more Mac's than the Apple Store). I was here for a Brew Camp about homebrewing, and the atmosphere was perfect for the learning, talking and tasting that took place. And the cooperative concept of Gangplank is really revolutionary. Makes me want to pack up my Scottsdale office and open shop in Gilbert!
5	Simply put this place is AWESOME.  If you're looking to start a business or already own a business but need some of the details on a particular area, this is the place to be.  So far I've only attended a Brown bag lunch but I was thoroughly impressed by the people who were there. However, don't show up with out being ready to put in your two cents, its needed to keep the ball going, I thought it was really good.  I can't wait to go back!
5	I LOVE it when I have to do business with a vendor at Gankplank! There is no better collaborative work space in the valley. Great concept, great space.
4	Taking a few sessions in the summer from STEM Force Technology and loving the place - enjoying the collaboration between students.
5	One word:  LOVE.  There needs to be a Gangplank in every city and if you don't know about it and haven't been there yet, you need to get your butt there because you are missing out big time!!
5	I do not use it as much as I used to, but am trying to get back there more often of late. Love working out of Gangplank. A bunch of great people collaborating and new ideas.Im a real estate agent, not a programmer, but still love hanging out there because of the community feeling they provide.
4	Love Gangplank! I used to work out there every day with my company. It's a very fun, welcoming place. Can't really go wrong with free wifi, good company and a RedBull vending machine. Their Wednesday brown bags are fun, too. Always a good laugh and some new perspectives on whatever topic is going on.
5	Thanks Chase and Katie.  I really enjoyed the collaborative workplace you guys are building.  Hope to see a gangplank in northern va soon.
5	This place is a great concept for bringing people together... to GEEK out! But really, I was intrigued when I first read about this place, that it was a community center of sorts that provided office space and equipment that anyone could use. I didn't know what to expect exactly, but it seemed like a reasonably cool community resource that was worth looking into.I finally had an excuse to go check out Gangplank the other day. I found out about an event they were hosting through their Facebook page. The event was a public interest seminar called "Introduction to 3D Printing" which was offered as a part of their regular "Brown Bag" noontime Wednesday series. Some people I saw here actually did brown bag it and brought their lunch to eat while catching some high-tech vibes. Planet Sub is literally two doors down from Gangplank, so I think it is the default quick bite to grab if you're planning on brown-bagging it yourself.I learned a lot from this seminar. First I got to check out all of the wacky toys and oddities some of the more experienced Gangplankers had 3D-printed. Geek culture was evident. Plastic pieces that were passed around included a bust of Yoda, a Green Lantern power ring, flexible bracelets, a foot pedal, a skull, a part engineered to add a hook feature to facility tables, and many more goodies. I gained an appreciation for how open-source ideas and technology are propelling the possibilities for 3D printing. The seminar speaker, Jessie, outlined the variables you need to control when laying down some serious plastic using the MakerBot Replicator 2. Software comes free with the MakerBot, but the STL files generated using CAD software are another matter. Tons of prefab STL files are available on-line at Thingiverse.com.So if you get a chance to browse the Thingiverse or Maker communities on-line, or if you just want to learn something exciting and new from your local DIY/hacker community, I recommend checking out Gangplank in downtown Chandler.
5	Need any help with a start up this is the place to pull up your chair.
5	This place is pretty strange. Basically, if you want a place to come work, either alone or in a group, or you want to meet some people who are working on technology or business type things, this is a great place to go, and it seems like it's totally free. It's clean, got a fun atmosphere, people are either quiet and keep to themselves or friendly, and there's basically whatever you need, be it a desk, couch, meeting room with a projector, some books, a vending machine...  pretty nice deal.
