4	Solid help with a no gimmicks approach. The DR. was completely helpful with his explanation of what they offer for the right now and the future. Everything he was in the process of doing was explained as well to help ease the process. The office was perfectly clean and professional with calming music playing in the background but not too long. I haven't felt this good in years but thankfully I can now fall to sleep with ease. Great joint and it's defiantly worth giving a try. Snap crackle and pop your way in when you get some free time.
5	Dr. Lee is super nice and did a great job.
5	Dr. Joe is, by far, the best chiro I've had and I've had a lot. No nonsense approach and the price is definitely right. 4 adjustments for $49 a month! I used to pay $49 a visit and wasn't half as happy. Couldn't live without The Joint.One of the best parts of the whole experience is that there is no need to make an appointment. I show up whenever I need to/ can fit it in my schedule and I've never waited more than 5 minutes... Usually I walk right back.
5	My back took a beating after a recent vacation... maybe someday I will learn to pack lighter.... probably not.Anyways, I came in here knowing that I just needed a little adjusting and the price was waaaaay cheaper than my copay for a chiropractic visit at my family doctor's practice.  I was seen quickly and efficiently. They don't do the amaaaazing muscle stimulator that my regular chiro does, which always sends me into a fantastic nap, but by not doing so is also how they keep the price low, so I don't mind. Both the doctor and the front desk clerk were pleasant and helpful.There was an issue with the computer crashing and it turns out that it charged my card twice, but I came in when I noticed it and the second charge was refunded promptly on the next business day.  The guy at the front was very apologetic... not his fault, computers...can't live with them..can't live without them.I will definitely back next year after my vacation again, even paying the single visit for a non-member, non-first time guest is way cheaper than my chiro co-pay, so it is worth it for me!(I hope I don't get to the point where I really need the benefit of their membership, but if I do, it is a phenomenal deal!)
2	Not impressed.  After having a fabulous experiences at the location in arcadia I was extremely disappointed in this location. The chiropractor was more interested in flexing and looking cool then the job at hand.  A few weeks later I needed copies of my receipts for my insurance and emailwd the two offices, again Arcadia came through in less than hour... this office never bothered to return my email or calls so I was forced to go in to the office to get what I needed. Same company, two totally different experiences. Clearly I will be taking my business to the one that deserves it.
5	I have great experience with the joint. Dr. Joe, Dr. Lee and Dr. Sasser are professionals. So far I have no complaints and is satisfied with the service.
4	I have back and hip issues, my insurance co-pay was very high and limited to 20 adjustments a year.  The Joint was a great option for me!  I am seen more than once a week and still the amount I pay is less than one adjustment with insurance!  The Dr. s who oversee my care are knowledgeable, kind, and caring. I highly recommend The Joint to my family and friends!
5	I used to go to The Joint on 7th St and Bell but I had since moved and was very wary of going to someone other than my normal chiropractor. I had a bad experience with one chiropractor I saw at The Joint and never wanted to try anyone else again. But since I had moved far from my usual location, I knew I had to go to one soon. That being said, this location has become my new favorite. Every time I go there with back pain and stiffness, I feel so much better afterwards. I definitely recommend them.Added note: I have no problems with the chiropractor, he's SUPER nice and easy going, but the reception dude at the front has a could-care-less-what's-going-on attitude. It obviously doesn't affect my business because I don't come for the customer service, but if you really want to add that extra oomph, you might want to work on that... Maybe he was just having a bad day, but it seems the same every time I go in there.
2	I have been going to The Joint for 3 months now. I like that they are open on the weekends, which is why I decided to try it over a traditional chiropractor. I've been worked on by 3 different people here. While I generally feel better right after getting adjusted, it isn't lasting. I also don't feel like they are very thorough here. I've been telling them there's a spot on my back that's been bothering me for a couple months now. The guy today cracked my neck, then popped my back (left and right) and that was it. Really? I can do that myself at home! What's the point? I also didn't like that I smelled like the guy when I got home and had to change my shirt, but the smell was still in my hair. :( I'm going to try a different location and see if they actually listen to me and do a proper job. I know they don't do appointments, but one thing I wish they did was online check-in (like Great Clips has) to minimize the wait time.
