5	I'm sorry.I'm not ashamed.I love Chili'sWent here for lunch with my momThe service was better than most fine dining restaurants.Friendly, fast, efficient, tasty.... what more can you want???
3	Excellent service, the staff would get 5 stars.  But for some reason I only go here if someone else wants to go.  I'm ok with their food, but so far nothing on their menu is something that I have to have.  You know that feeling you get where you have to have something that you crave and you must have now, that hasn't happened.  I do try new things every time but it just strikes me as average...yawn
1	I typically really enjoy Chili's and think the food and service is great. This is the first time at this location and will be the last. We went there for lunch last week and had horrible service and we were not even there during "lunch rush". The waitress was not busy had maybe two other tables the entire time we were there. Yet, two tables that were sat after us in a different section received their food before us, even though we had ordered first. Chips were greasy, food was cold and was impossible to get a refill on drinks. Next time we are craving Chili's we will drive a few extra miles and go to the Chili's at PV Mall.
4	I recently went into the Chili's on 7th st and Bell in Phoenix and had a nice experience. It was a friday night so it was busy of course but we only had to wait about 15 minutes to sit down, if that. Our waitress, i cant remember her name but she was a young blonde girl, she was very personable and helpful. My step dad is a handful (he likes to joke a lot) and she handle him very well and laughed along with us. She was also very helpul with the menu and the questions we had towards it. Last but not least, its VERY important to me to have a drink refilled pretty soon after its been emptied because I drink a lot when i eat and she was very on top of my drink. It was great.
3	What can I say, it's Chili's! Just a 5 minute drive from our house where we know we're gonna get average but pretty good food & drinks. My Hubby is a fan of their chicken fajitas, he gets them every time! I haven't really had an entree that was amazing but I must say, their mashed potatoes with black pepper gravy is so good! Their desserts are ok as well, nothing that stands out. The best one is probably the paradise pie. On our most recent visit this past Saturday, I had one of the best margaritas of my life. It was the Patron pomegranate marg & it was to die for! So good I ordered 2 & didn't even care it was $20, so worth it!! We will continue to eat at Chili's & order take out from time to time since the location is so convenient.
1	Okay. I love chili's and my family always loved doing a quick chili's to go order for Friday dinner. Since moving with my fiance to this location, I haven't had that experience! Tonight we ordered 2 buffalo chicken sangwiches. Simple! We get home and we have breaded chicken sangwiches with mayo.....okay. the rest of the order is fine so I call back and re ordered. My fiance and I didn't get to sit down to eat till 10;30pm! And what do we find? Another chicken w/mayo with wing sauce on the side....one with wing sauce and nothing else. These guys were not busy when I went in to the To Go entrance and seeing as they ruined this simple order twice within an hour, means they've got some pretty bad cooks, or some pretty bad attitudes. Oh and the fries were cold both times. Like not even "to go" cooled...we live 3 blocks from the place!
4	I'm not a big fan a big chain restaurants, but I can always count on Chili's.  When my wife and I were dating, we would usually go here once a week for chips and salsa and buffalo wings and a couple of drinks. Now that we are married, it is still a good place to go if your looking for some quick decent food.
1	Ate here with a friend because we were starving and it was easy. ...not so fast. The place was filthy, wait staff ignored us for 15 minutes literally...I had to do the "hey miss can we get some service thing" when she began helping people that had just sat down.The food wad meh and frankly I couldn't get past the dirt factor. ....tables, floor, etc.  Neither one of us could continue.... her
1	OH MY GOD.I completely understand how employees want to go home and not have people walking in when they are closing; but one day my mom and my siblings came to this location maybe 2-3 hours before closing time so  we thought we were okay.NO. The waitress barely had that many people to wait on and it took her a million decades to get us anything whether it be drinks or food. You almost did not want to ask for anything just because we wanted to get the hell out of there ASAP. We already knew what we wanted for a good 30 minutes before she came back and took our order.  Then we got our order maybe another hour to an hour and a half later! SWEET. By that time my mom being the feisty little Filipino lady that she is was absolutely livid and was complaining about when we would get our food. I don't rush people yes i am irritated and hungry but i will not rush you or get loud.  God only knows what they could do to my food behind closed doors.     So after staying at this location for 2 hours or so because of the long wait for everything i am slightly scared to go back to any chilis but i love their strawberry lemonade so its hard to refuse based on one girls performance or lack of.  As i finish my review on their not good food quality and piss poor service i cannot help but notice another girl had the same issue in june and i almost wonder if we had the same female who had waited on us and literally waited before taking our orders and giving us anything. If i went to this location which i highly doubt we will, i hope to god she is or was fired because if you cannot handle a couple tables and are no where to be found majority of the time something is just not right about that.  I am sorry. This is Arizona honey work laws suck here and if you aren't a decent worker you should not have a job unless you are being a brown noser with the managers and that's the only reason you are there is one of the many reasons i hate hate HATE Arizona work laws with a passion. But that is a whole other story.
3	as far as "sit down" fast food goes. it wasnt bad.. it was the first one in a while i went to where the food was actually good and the staff was nice. id go back..
2	Oh Chili's. You really let me down this past Friday night. From the cheese fries being old (as if they had been reheated and reserved)  to the cooler than average steak. I did send the cheese fries back  and got a piping hot new order but I didn't send back the steak for fear of what may have been done to it after sending back the fries and also for fear that it would come out a hockey puck. I will say that even though it was not as warm as it should have been, it was at least cooked to perfection.  I will say that I was not the only patron sending food back in my area. The table in front and beside me also sent back food for various reasons. At least I wasn't alone in my food unhappiness. Eh I may come back again someday but you are not on my go to list anytime soon.
4	I'm actually surprised at the large number of low ratings. But maybe I went here on a particularly good day. A few months ago I decided to have my lunch break at this location. The waitress was warm and friendly, almost going out her way to make sure I was satisfied with everything. I rarely interact with restaurant employees but I made some small talk with her during the few minutes she wasn't busy. I paid the bill when I was done with my meal and gave her a generous tip. she deserved it, I think.
3	This location has always been pretty good.  The food is fresh and tasty and the service is great!  I don't go here often but when I do they have the gluten free menu readily available for me and they know what items are on it (or I'm lucky and get the right waiters!)  Love the lunch combos!  Great value!
4	Stopped in for dinner on a Sunday night.  A decent crowd and had to wait ten minutes for a table.  Hostess was friendly and polite.  Wait staff is professional and act as if they enjoy their job.I've eaten at Chili's several times in the past few months and there is always a slight lag in the time between the order is taken and food is delivered.  Right before the lag starts to become noticeable, the food usually arrives.This lag rarely bothers me because the quality of the food is so good.  The Chicken with the Fajitas tasted fresh and juicy.  All the food was really good. If it wasn't for the barely noticeable lag in food delivery time, I could easily give this well run chain restaurant five stars.  Looking forward to many more visits.Mango Tea                         2.59Club Quesadilla              10.09Chicken Fajitas                12.99  Add Cadillac Side              .99Total with tax                      28.70Server:    Jeff
3	Good visit, good food, cold beers!
4	Only a 30 min wait to be seated and great food and drinks.  Only draw back was that it seemed they forgot about us, food took longer then usual but was great once it arrived.  But after being at the fair all day it was good to sit down!
3	Nice atmosphere, decent food
1	Have you ever gotten to a restaurant and then wanted to stab yourself in the hand with a fork? Me neither.This was my reaction to chilis. I don't ever remember this local neighborhood joint being tasty, but the boyfriend and I edge starving and decided to give it a whirl. Our whirl was consistent of waiting in the lobby for over 5 minutes for the hostess to acknowledgments us. Not sure where she was but we waited patiently. As a side note, it was 9 pm, and we were the only folks on the lobby.When we finally got our table, the table was still wet from being cleaned. This does not feel good when one is wearing shorts. The menus were disgusting. They were sticky, ripped, faded, food stuck on gross.Needless to say we actually walked out of the restaurant.One star only because I cant put zero and the waitress didn't ask us to pay for our iced tea.
4	Got good fast service and I love the southwestern egg rolls! Don't know why so many bad reviews, I had great service and food.
3	It's a chain restaurant what do you expect? ..... Chips and salsa to go... Watching the cowboys hot chips seems like good start
5	Been to this location a few times and only sit in the bar area. The food and service are always great. Even when the bar is packed they're always on their A game!
3	Food was good but fries were barely warm. Server was good, and friendly.
4	Good ribs!!
3	Stopped in here New Year's Day... It's your typical Chili's, though they thankfully weren't that busy. The other place in the area I was originally headed to was packed to the gills and I didn't want to deal with it. I love Chili's blackberry tea though, so... Unfortunately I also love their triple dipper dish...bad Donna! The service was a bit slow...I was in the bar area. And he was slow on the blackberry tea refills. Nothing spectacular about this Chili's and the service didn't knock my socks off so...three stars.
5	I'm sticking to my 5-star review! I don't understand why this place has a horrible star rating. We've been here a dozen times and it's always great. I've never had a bad meal or bad service. We came in again last night for dinner and like normal we get the 2 for $20 deal. We always get the chips, salsa and guacamole. I'm unsure why someone would just order the chips and salsa when you can get the amazing guac for the same price. I'm not kidding on it being amazing, it's loaded with yummy avocados and CORN. James ordered the fajitas and had comments like, "wow, these onions are cooked perfectly" and "mmmmm this chicken sure is good". I had the grilled chicken salad, it's the right amount of food for the price. We'll be back...many more times!
1	Rude bartenderNeeds to learn how to fix drinks instead of arguing about it...specially when someone in training is making them and he didn't offer to help or fix the matter.....
4	Food was great, as were the prices. Shared the 2 for $20 with my husband & left full. I had the chicken fajitas & he had the honey chicken crisper things. Also had the cookie skillet for dessert, yummm! Service was good.
2	My food came out cold, and the server was no where to be found, the drinks were good though .
2	I guess as I'm getting older I'm seeing the value in things a little more clearly. I used to really enjoy going out to eat and didn't ever stop to wonder if I was getting a good deal. Lately, though, I've been paying close attention to what all of the foods cost and comparing them to other eating establishments.My daughter's school was having a fundraiser at this Chili's last night. It was the kind that they donate a certain percentage of the total bill to the school. We try to help the school whenever we can, so we decided to make it a fun night out with the kids. My daughters enjoyed themselves and saw a few friends, and we all got to relax and let other people do the work.My issue with this restaurant, though, and why I gave it two stars, is strictly with the value of the food. I understand that the costs of everything are increasing, so business establishments have to raise their prices accordingly, but they should still be able to offer a decent value.We ordered the Southern Smokehouse Bacon Burger for my wife and I to split, and the kids ordered a corn dog and a quesadilla. My wife and I usually split meals because they are so big and calorie-laden, and it helps to keep costs down. Most of the time we leave feeling full and happy. When they brought out our food this evening, though, my half of the burger was tiny! The burger was supposed to contain bacon and onion straws, and according to pictures, was supposed to be packed with them. There was a tiny piece of bacon on my half, and a few scattered onion straws. I looked over to my wife's plate, expecting to see the bulk of the toppings on her burger, but her toppings were as pathetic looking as mine. The size of her half of the burger was not much bigger than mine, either. She said hers was exceptionally greasy and didn't taste how she expected it to taste. This was a little burger to start out with, and splitting it only made it worse. And it was $10.99!!The burgers are, like most places, served with french fries. When we split meals at other restaurants, they usually give us both a full portion of fries. I know it's not the healthiest thing to be chomping down, but because we go out to eat so infrequently we don't worry about it. We want to get a pile of fries with our meal. The amount of fries delivered with our meal last night was a joke! My wife had maybe fifteen fries on her plate, and I had about eight. Seriously?! I know this restaurant is in business to make money, so they don't want to give everything away, but how much does an extra handful of fries cost for the few people that are splitting meals.The kids meals were, in their opinion, good. The corn dog and celery sticks were quickly devoured, while the quesadilla and oranges were left mostly intact. (typical kids!). I tried a few bites of the quesadilla. It was ok, but was pretty small because of the meager amount of cheese. The kids meals, with the included drink, are $4.99. Not cheap, but not outrageous either.I like to leave every restaurant feeling that I got a good value for my money. I know that a good restaurant can give me that, while still making a decent profit off of me. When we left last night we looked at our bill and reminded ourselves why we don't go out very often. My wife said that she's going to keep the bill, so that any time she craves this type of food she can look at it and remind herself that we can eat much better and cheaper at home. Or at least at a restaurant that gives us our money's worth.
3	Food was ok. It was the server's second day so she struggled, but tried her best. The biggest issue was the manager. I asked for a gluten free menu and he told me that he would have to go print one out and would take him a few minutes. He wasn't happy that he had to go to the extra trouble. I am GF because of an allergy but how about not making a big deal out of it. If your menu says it's available on request, it shouldn't be a big shock to you. Food ok. Service ok. Customer service was lacking.
3	Came here with a group of 8 during lunch time around 12:40pm on a Sunday and had to wait over 30 minutes. When we sat down, our waiter was really nice and attentive. We ordered the trio dipper and the new bacon avacado chicken sandwich on a pretzel bun. The pretzel bun was super rock hard and was not pleasant to eat because it was cutting the roof of my mouth but we kept the dish anyways. The trip dipper came with honey chipotle wings, southwestern eggrolls, and big bite sliders. the sliders were cooked to death and it was so tough and dry, we will not be ordering that again. the honey chipotle wings were really good though, the sauce was sweet and tangy and the eggrolls were good as usual. I liked how they have the new table kiosks where you can split and pay your bill there without a lot of server interaction. Service was great but the food and wait, not so much.
1	We were hungry and I was thinking Chili's would be much like Applebee's. You know great food and service? Well boy was I wrong. The restaurant was super loud and it was difficult to talk. We were hungry and ordered Nachos. Seems like an easy plate to make, but they bring us 5 chips (no kidding!) with beans and cheese on them (sort of like mini cheese crisps). The presentation was horrible, they tasted even worse. I end up ordering a chicken salad and my friend something like a rice black bean bowl. I was brought a huge salad that looked awful and tasted worse. Just wilted lettuce and chicken (that tasted like it was old). I ate two bites and had had enough. The waitress had no desire to provide us with any level of service and kept on coming back to us almost rushing us to leave. This was almost the worse dining experience ever! Stay Away! $30 for a awful appetizer and two entrees. Never again.
5	Never a bad experience when I come here, and I have been going to this Chili's for 5 years now!The service is always great and the food is always perfect!!
1	Seriously what the hell happened to this location!?! I used to come here ALL the time over the past 2 years but I haven't been here for a couple months and disappointing is all I have to say. Came in and sat at the bar for lunch on Saturday it really wasn't that busy and it was just one thing after another. My friend and I had ordered almost the same exact meal (just slightly different) we had the fajita trio I had mine plain and she wanted hers with all the peppers, onions and spices. So our food comes out and to our surprise there is only ONE plate! Seriously idk how this guy did not here the TWO separate orders. Of course at that point we are forced to send it back and wait for another 20+ minutes for our food to come out. And of course I had to talk to the manager to make sure they didn't just put that one plate (that was completely plain mind you) under the heat lamp to sit there while they cooked the other one. I'm not going to eat some nasty heat lamp food because you messed up.So finally the food comes out after 25 minutes and the next thing I know is I look down and my plate has all sorts of spice on top of the beef, shrimp & chicken. I ask the guy why is all this nasty red spice sauce is on there and he tells me he thought I said I just didn't want peppers & onions. What part of PLAIN is that difficult to understand especially after the first plate that was brought out didn't have anything on it!Needless to say the newer manager didn't do a damn thing no discount no apology absolutely nothing. What was supposed to be just lunch ended up into an early dinner because of their constant mistakes. I never have had a problem here so this was disappointing to say the least. I even remember when the manager who was there at the time first started & it wasn't too long ago and even then he was completely useless with a very unruly customer who was a constant disruption. Seriously bring back the Chili's I'm used to!!
5	I try to make it here at least once a week. Consistently good quality food and great service every time I've been in. Pretty good happy hour menu but I usually do their dinner for 2 promotions and Presidente margaritas.
2	I waited at the front for about 10 minutes before someone finally noticed me. Our service was very attentive.. almost too attentive. They kept interrupting me and my boyfriend to consistently refill our already full waters. We had probably 3 different servers that night and although it was 10pm, they were very off task. I could hear them cussing and messing around in the back. My skillet cookie wasn't very good either :(
3	I went here last night for dinner. The good: The chicken enchilada soup was fantastic. Creamy, tasty, nothing to complain about there. This restaurant is really conveniently located for my neighborhood. I wish there were more decent restaurants within 5 miles of my house. Also, this restaurant is very affordable.The bad: The service! Terrible! It took the server 10 minutes to greet us. At the end of the meal I asked for a to-go box. After waiting 15 minutes for her return I decided to just eat the rest of my meal because I I didn't want to wait any longer. This was a Wednesday night - So I'm going to avoid eating here on the weekend.The ugly: I had a glass of water. Of course I didn't notice until my very last sip that the glass had a dark, thick, chunky ring on the inside of it- remnants from another drink of some kind. Nothing makes me shudder more than eating/drinking off a dirty dish at a restaurant.
4	Love this chili's. Friendly bar staff and always quick to serve. Victoria it's the best!
2	Food was up to par today. My last experience was mediocre and still decided to give this place another try. We ended up with the same unfriendly and rude bartender.  It was like once he realized we were only doing margaritas and an appetizer, we were not worth his time. I had to walk up to the bar to get my food warmed up and had to wait 10-15 mins to get a refill on salsa after I initially requested it. It also took him another 10 mins or so to bring the bill after I initially requested it. He didn't have a problem stopping at other tables within the bar area to make small talk, provide refills or tabs to the two other occupied tables. If he was overwhelmed my advice would be to get an actual server in the bar area and he could stick to making drinks.
5	Great service and food! We have never had an issue and are always happy to return. There is something to be said about good customer service, more places should concentrate on that.
