5	I don't review tailors often, but my wife has been using Sew Creative for many, many years, and I've just recently had several pants altered there and had great service.  The owner is great to work with, and I would definitely go back again.
5	I called this place on a whim when I needed to get measurements done to order a bridesmaid dress. They're open my appointment only, but the owner Marcia happened to be there. She let me come in immediately and took my measurements for free! She was very nice and I'll definitely be taking my dress back to her when it needs the inevitable alterations.
5	Seriously: Sew Creative is the best!!! DO NOT GO ANYWHERE ELSE FOR TAILORING/ALTERATION OR CREATING YOUR OWN GARMENTS. Marcia, the owner of Sew Creative, is "sew" gifted when it comes to *perfect* alterations. She is truly a master of her craft. I have been many places for alterations in the Valley, and she is BY FAR THE BEST. She can even re-make old vintage wear into one-of-a-kind, modern/trendy fashions! Definitely call her, make an appointment and go in. You will not regret it. She is used by the best in the fashion industry - they trust her with their merchandise. You should, too!! She has great vision, great style and an eye for what works with your body type. Sew Creative is 5-star, indeed!
5	Owner-operated businesses are the way of my life (whenever I have influence over the buying decision), and working with someone like Marcia is the reason why. She has her clients' best interests in priority! Everything about my project happened as she promised and more! I had a vintage, 1960's beaded dress modified. It required tenacity and patience and the ultimate in care. By the time she was done, the dress looked like it was made for me, and Marcia was giddily excited that she got the chance to work on it, describing the process of taking it apart as a pleasure. It reminded me of an older engineer or car buff, reveling in memories of the old days: "they don't make 'em like they used to..." ! She's an artist who appreciates the craft of sewing. The other items in her studio reflect her bold taste and design sense. Trust Marcia for more mundane tailoring and major revamps- she's got your back. Literally.
5	Um, I --- LOVE --- Marcia! Wow, babes, she  is a seamstress who knows her stuff! Not only is she sweeter than chupa chupa lollipops, her skills are top notch.Marcia is your best girlfriend who will laugh with you and chat happily through your fittings, and she sure as heck will make sure you look bangin' in your dress. She can do anything you need and is surely the gal you want on your side to save the day. I completely procrastinated repairs I needed on a dress and called Marcia wrought with panic. She listened to my dilemma and like a good woman who knows no woman should sweat a dress, saw me that afternoon and took my mangled pile of silk and lace and saved my day! Her work is frigging fantastic; the quality of her craft is excellent. Marcia's just the perfect amount of rock n roll creative with a practically Type A attention to the detail and execution in her work.
5	So... today I used my Yelp application on my phone searching for a local tailor to get my dress pants hemmed for a work event this evening and no other business could do it for me in less than a week.  Lo and behold, Marcia comes to the rescue!  Kind and generous (bonus points for physical attractiveness), she was able to hem my pants within two hours just in time for my dinner!  I will be bringing any alterations to this business in the future - plus, it's close to work (Baseline and Kyrene).  Thank you Marcia!
5	Marcia is a great lady, and talent.  She runs this small shop on the second floor of this strip mall all by herself but she does great work.  Something I feel that's been lost in this business is that personal interaction between client and seamstress/tailor.  She gives this attribute back and in spades.
