5	HUGE menu. Lots of sandwiches, salad, wrap, etc. options. Desserts. Variety of drinks. Spuds! Healthy or non-healthy, they've got 'em all! I absolutely love this place! You can go for weeks and try something different everyday. Also because you can create your own sandwich or wrap too. Their spuds are pretty big and tasty. I only wish they had more than 4 spud options. Double-thumbs up.
3	Cheap & Cheerful. Jason's Deli is quick and easy. Order and pay when you walk in and they bring the food to your table. Lots of food choices and of course good deli food.The best part about Jason's Deli is the flaw in service. None of the staff notice all the freeloading. Now I have never freeloaded, from here. But everyone just goes up and dips from the salad bar, taking all the cake they could possibly desire. Why would you pay for a fountain drink when the cups are right next to the machine? My little brother especially loves Jason's Deli because of all the candy laying out and specialty soft drinks in glass bottles. I can't tell you how many times we have had to empty his pockets and send him back or make him pay for the drink he has casually walked off with. Despite all the looting happening right before your eyes Jason's Deli is basic restaurant where you can't go wrong.
5	Great sandwiches and you get free ice cream at the end.  What's not to love?
5	Great deli with TONS of seating.  They have a salad bar option, but no matter what you get cornbread and garlic toast and ice cream for free.  It's a quick order, and they bring the food out to you.  The muffalettas are HUUUUGE.  The sandwiches are awesome and so are the actual salads (never tried the salad bar option yet).  I've gotten the nutty salad, and the salmon caesar.  All top notch.  This is definitely a quick get in and out and good food to boot whether it's lunch or dinner.
4	Hadn't been to a Jason's Deli in a while, but went today for lunch as I had an errand to run near by, and I was pleasantly surprised. Maybe it was the girl at the counter who was so helpful, but in the handful of times I've been to Jason's Deli, I never had anyone tell me about the complimentary ice cream and muffins. Your choice - before or after you eat, no matter. Most people were eating while they waiting for their food to be delivered. I was in awe...ha. The roast beef sandwich was great and the portion was large...couldn't finish it all. If you're in the mood for something fast and lite, make sure to check out the self serve and self pay salad bar...and yes, the ice cream will be there for you too.
5	Jason's Deli is the jam when it comes to fresh sandwiches overflowing meat and toppings.  I'm always blown away by the selection of fresh meats, cheeses, and bread and the combinations that the cheerful staff point clueless folks to.  .VEGETARIANS BEWARE: YOU WILL BE APPALLED BY WHAT I WILL SAY NEXT.  Like Todd W. says, the roast beef sandwich is awesome.  I've had it twice and I can honestly say its the best roast beef sammie I can recall.  It's not like that grey matter they serve at Arby's.  No, its pink at the core, moist and pilled 1-inch thick on bread.  The sides are equally appealing, like the homemade-tasting potato salad.The portions alone make this place stand out-think McAllister's on steroidsThe salad bar looked incredibly fresh as well.  In fact, the whole establishment looks fresh.  Yes, you get free muffins and ice cream.  But don't let them spoil your appetite-their sandwiches alone will bust your gut.  For around $8, you will leave Jason's Deli fat and happy.
3	Can't go wrong with their soup and salad bar. You don't even have to wait in line with their do-it-yourself ordering.
2	Not too crazy about this place. I ordered a pastrami on rye and it was just a pile of meat on soggy bread.
2	Jason's Deli on Centrum Parkway is always busy at lunch.  I have always eaten at their salad bar, which is actually quite tiny.  For a salad buffet, Souper Salad offers significantly more salad toppings and additional buffet options at a similar price.  I feel like I never get my money's worth at Jason's, though the salads there are tasty and nutritious.
4	I zoom. I zoom, I walk fast, I multitask - every movement I make is planned for efficiency. Therefore, Jason's Deli is my lunch spot of choice and here is why. I can just walk up to the salad bar kiosk, touch the screen a few times, slide my card and walk two steps to where a smiling person hands me my plate and cup. Quick. I have waited in line maybe one time even when the sandwich line is out the door. Jason's salad bar is the best I have found. The ingredients are always fresh and the selection is good. Yes I am a fan of Jason's in Pineville.
2	Huge disappointment.I wanted a real deli sandwich (not Subway).  I thought I'd give this place a try.  $10.00 got me a 6" meatball sub on a white bun, Lay's potato chips, and a pickle spear, with a regular soda.  The sub was not one bit better than Subway.  This was a complete waste of my time and money.  I could have had the same exact thing (sans the pickle), and chosen my own chips from a variety.  They have a lot of food on the menu; I have no idea how the soups, salads, etc. are.  All I know is that I couldn't even find a list of the types of bread they offer on the menu.  This place is hard to navigate, and the food quality is not worth the trouble.UPDATE:  Went back for lunch (at a friend's request) on Tuesday (11/1).  I had the chicken club salad and a cup of the Southwestern Chicken Chili.  Both were quite good.  My bill:  $14.90.  I'll up the rating to 2 stars, as the food is OK (not great), but it is WAY overpriced.
3	Overall, I really like Jason's Deli, despite some negatives.  The main reason I like it is that they offer a slew of natural and even a few organic items.  Other reasons I like it is the salad bar with organic mixed greens and the array of toppings you can choose.  It's also a clean establishment, and the service is very quick.  You also get free soft serve ice cream for dessert if you choose to indulge a little bit.  The salad bar also has complimentary mini muffins which are quite tasty.  The main negative is the price.  While the salad bar is fairly priced at about $8, you will have to pay extra if you want proteins such as grilled chicken or chicken salad.  They at least have some hard-boiled eggs included in the bar if you want those for protein, as well as some cheese.So if you want a salad with chicken as well as a drink, you're looking at about $11-12, more than you would pay at Ruby Tuesday's for a similar thing, and in a less enjoyable environment.  Another negative, at least to me, is that this place is overrun by south Charlotte kids who have control over their parents.  We witnessed one child smack her mother and neither parent did anything about it.  That was just one of the seemingly 1000 children running freely throughout the place and screaming.  It seriously felt like Chuck E. Cheese.    Another negative, as someone else mentioned, is that there is probably just too much on the menu.  As such, their is no menu board.  People have to take a menu from the counter and then order which causes confusion.I probably won't go running back to Jason's Deli based mainly on the price, but if it's dinner time and I do, I will likely get my food to go.  I will say that the employees and management were very nice.
3	I had never been to a Jason's Deli before.  As I entered there is a large sign pointing where one should place a take out order, but no additional signage showing where those that are dining in should go.  After I figured it out and grabbed a menu, I ordered the penne pasta with meatballs.The meal was brought out in a timely manner and to my pleasant surprise served on a real plate with real utensils, not disposable stuff.This was an ample portion of pasta and meatballs.  Good taste and reasonably priced.
4	The food is excellent.  The service is average and the place is over priced.  BUT THE FOOD IS GGGGGGGRRRRREEEEEEEAAAAAAATTTTTTTTTT
4	This is a place everyone in my family likes. My husband loves the penne pasta while my daughter and I get their salad bar. Their baked potato is also very good.
2	Grub wise, Jason's deli is pretty affordable and the food is decent. No complaints there. The to-go process makes me want to bang my head against a wall tho. About once a month everyone at work decides "lets have Jason's  for lunch". I am the person who gets to make this happen. First time i saw they offered delivery "Sweet, right?" Um no, Its like $8 extra for delivery. Which they don't tell you over the phone. Not cool. On this occasion the money collection at work wasn't adding up so i had to call for itemized sammich prices and only then was i told about the delivery charge. They did wave it since they had neglected to mention it but $8 to deliver 1 mile, no thank you, not doing that again.So now i call everything in and pick it up myself...not once out of roughly 20 orders has everything actually been correct. Dressings for salads have been left out, menu items missing and sometimes haven't even made it on to the ticket...requests for extra pickles ignored. It's an uphill battle with this place. So, its not to be obnoxious but i have to take everything out before i leave and verify all the food is there. Ive been conditioned. My advice is anyone picking up a to-go order is to do the same.Like i said, the food is actually pretty good but honestly i don't think grabbing a few sandwiches and salads need to be so difficult.
4	I am a fan of Jason's and a definite regular. I love, love the salad bar. My only complaint - please don't put ice in the salad bar ingredients. I know you want to keep it fresh but sorting out the cauliflower from the ice is a pain and I ultimately end up with a pool of water in my bowl.
4	They know they were wrong for moving in next to Subway. I went over there because i glimpsed the subway sign & decided to go to Jason's instead. I can't be the only person to do this.Service was great & I enjoy the foursquare special. Good stuff.
4	Stopped by Jason's Deli Saturday while on vacation in South Carolina last weekend. This was a perfect lunch spot that could satisfy a lot of different appetites. A number of the menu items sounded SO good but I decided to go with the salad bar so I could try a little of everything there. The salad bar was clean and had lots of goodies to choose from. Loved the couscous salad they had there. You can definitely fill up on just the salad bar alone and for a good price. The restaurant was busy but were able to order right away and the two ladies I was with received their food quickly. As soon as we were finished a nice guy was ready to clear our plates. Looking forward to my next trip to SC to check out this place again!
5	What a wonderful experience!  I am so impressed by this place and I'm mad at myself it took me this long to come.  They have a very large selection of sandwiches and a large salad bar.  My favorite part is getting the half sandwich (any on the menu) and half salad (which is large enough to put your head in).  There are complimentary muffins on the dessert bar and free ice cream too.  Everything is fresh and/or organic.  I'll go any chance I'm over this way.
5	I got to my hotel a little after 10pm and, not wanting to order pizza, I yelped for a nearby restaurant and Jason's Deli came up. Knowing how delicious their food is, I gave them a call and the manager Tim said they had closed at 10 but since I was close he told me he'd reopen for me. Not only did he not rush me, he made recommendations and even threw in a couple extras. It was a great way to start my trip so if you're in Pineville, NC, go to Jason's Deli and ask for Tim. Incredibly nice guy and what great service!
3	I took my order to go from Jason's deli and it was a quick non painful experience. I did see a worker named Jason go out of his way to help a family who spilled their drink on the table. It was nice to see someone caring about other people. I still think this place is over priced so I gave it 3 instead of 4 stars. The New York Yankee is pretty damn good.
4	Was privy to eat lunch here several times this week.  The pastrami sandwich is a golden throwback to NYC deli pastrami sandwiches,  complete with some spicy brown mustard....  And the ice cream wins you over also...
5	The staff at Jason's Deli is, quite simply, outstanding.  I wouldn't hesitate to call them the most friendly, attentive and courteous restaurant staff ever.  They have really set themselves apart from other establishments in their cheerful level of service.  The food is also superb.  I recommend the Zucchini Grillini sandwich, which is as fun to eat as it is to say.  It is layers of zucchini with tomatoes, red onions, black olives and Russian dressing which is the perfect blend of complements on this sandwich.  Enjoy it with the blue corn tortilla chips or a side of fresh fruit.  Don't forget the ice cream machine for your free ice cream afterward.  They have recently redecorated the dining room to give it a more coffeehouse-style feel and it is nice.
5	The Pineville store is MY Jason's. Service is always great. Several employees greeted me when I came in and they were busy too. I always feel welcome. I do love the instant salad bar line where you can jump the big line and order a salad (plus soup and proteins) on a card-only kiosk. I NEVER wait which is one of the reasons I go to Jason's. The other main reason I go to Jason's is the salad bar. It's always fresh and has some nice extras. The only negatives are that frequently the lettuce is wetter than I like and they put ice down in some of the vegetables which ends up in my salad. Also I miss the cauliflower!Minor details. They do a good job at Jason's Pineville.
2	The restaurant was clean and the people working were friendly.  But, the food was just okay the corn beef was sliced too thick and it was tough.
4	Good food fast service for the size crowd. got to teach my daughter how to swirl a soft serve.
4	Excellent menu.  Food was good portions and very good.  Reasonable pricing for what you get.  There are a number of outside tables where you can eat with your dogs.
4	5 star for the California club: I got the California club, and it was yummy! I especially like the mayo on the side, it's sweet and it balances the whole sandwich.0 star if I could for the chicken noodle soup : wayyyyyu too salty, I added half a cup of water in there, still too salty. Only took a few sips of the soup and just can't eat it at all! Lesson learnt.....
5	This is one of the most accommodating places I have ever had the pleasure of dining.  The staff is fantastic... I come with my two dogs and sit outside on the patio and everyone is always checking on us, offering water right when I get there for my babies and the food is so fresh and delicious.
5	Definitely not stingy on the meat! The hot corned beef and the baked potatoes are delicious .
5	Took my mom to lunch yesterday and I felt like soup, we both got the managers special which is a cup of soup, half a sandwich & your choice of regular or baked chips. The spicy seafood gumbo was great. Loaded with a lot of shrimp. Mom & I both got that. I had the half chicken panini, which was perfect. Mom had the Ruben and loved it. The chips were baked for both. You can never go wrong with Jason's Deli.
