5	My wife and I were invited to Aizle (remember, rhymes with Hazel) for their 'pre-open' night, and found ourselves to be the very first customers to walk through the door. Aizle has a new concept to dining, where the food is as fresh as it gets! There is no traditional set menu as their website explains, instead the husband & wife (Stuart the chef and Krystal the mixologist) duo have the freedom to use the freshest ingredients from farms and suppliers. You are given a list of all the ingredients and where they come from, which is a great touch.The restaurant is slightly rustic and modern, with cool chilled out music and very friendly staff. For a restaurant that isn't huge it does have a bar that you can sit at and try some of Krystal's own cocktails, there is a good size wine list, and finally a restaurant that hasn't stopped there but has added some decent beers for the beer drinkers. I had the Kindl Berliner Weisse, which is a fresh sour wheat beer and perfect with the fresh seafood that was coming out.All the food that we ate came from a tasting menu, and was some of the freshest and tastiest we have had. The oysters were the best I have tried. The veal tongue was a new one and was gorgeous, the hake was so fresh and soft it still tasted like the ocean. One of the highlights for me was the pig's cheek, so tender and just melted in the mouth.Can't wait to go back and take friends, and glad we will always be remembered as the first people to eat here.Can seriously recommend it!
5	As per the previous review my boyfriend and I were also invited to the pre-opening night! He had explained to me the new concept they were going for with a list of ingredients as your menu and then a 'taster' type menu of 6 courses based on this. Well we weren't disappointed, the food was delicious and fresh, each course beautifully presented and service fantastic! I won't go into too much detail as the previous review has explained it perfectly! I recommend you give this place a try if you're open to different combinations of ingredients and would enjoy a surprise as each course arrives! Cannot fault anything and will definitely be returning! Have heard the price will be very amenable too for the quality of produce and number of courses you are getting :) a great new restaurant and innovative idea!
3	The majority of the food was tasty and obviously prepared by a skilled chef, but I had too many issues with Aizle to feel I want to return. From the list of ingredients many were not presented to us in any dishes. The 4 courses turned out to be 7 or 8 and there were significant gaps between each, which all took only moments to consume. Maybe I just don't enjoy this kind of dining experience, but we were there for 2 and a half hours and it felt like it was dragging. The cocktails were nice but not amazing, The service was over the top - being interrupted constantly to fill wine and water glasses became more than annoying and we felt that we kept having to stop talking for our own privacy. Didn't seem to fit the otherwise quite casual dining room and presentation of the staff.  It is a really nice fit-out inside. But not my kind of place.
5	Aizle has no menu, just a list of ingredients that may or may not show up in your food, plus a chance to explain your dietary restrictions. The meal consists of five creative courses inspired by seasonal, local produce. Aizle is getting 5 stars from me because every single course delivered. Each dish brought interesting flavors to my tongue - there were no duds, no fillers. Just tastiness. The second course involved perhaps the yummiest carrots I have ever eaten.  I opted for the drinks pairing, which included a beer, three wines, and a cocktail (all small servings). The beverages complemented the food well. The cocktail (a strawberry concoction, the type of thing I would usually avoid) was particularly delicious. I'm looking forward to trying some more of their house cocktails on our next visit, which will be very soon.
