4	This is a great place for tasty chinese, cantonese, szechuan and sushi food around Cote Vertu metro. Prices are reasonable, there's a great selection to eat in, take out or have it delivered.My favourite has always been the chicken with peanut butter sauce & crispy spinach (my vegetarian girlfriend ignores the chicken and gobbles up the crispy spinach, though you can just get it by itself as an appetizer). Their general tao chicken is also quite tasty. I believe you can get the general tao with rice as a lunch or dinner special. Also very high on my fav list is their beef fried rice Chinese style. Their dishes with red curry with coconut milk & sweet basil leaves and is a good starting point for vegetarians as it comes with tofu or shrimp.Their portions are very reasonable. 2 dishes alone will be more than enough for 2 people. Order a third and they'll happily provide containers to take food back with you. They offer delivery and takeout as well and portions again are very reasonable. Their fried rice and vegetables comes better with take-out (fried noodles on the bottom and then everything else on top).If Asian food isn't your top choice for the day or night, I'd recommend Decarie Hotdogs, several stoops down.
4	A work friend introduced me to Kam Do a few years ago and I must say it is one of the best reasonably priced Chinese restaurants I have found (I haven't ventured off to Brossard yet but one day I will!).  Don't expect great decor here but the flavour of the food is amazing.  Last night I ordered 3 dishes takeout:  Cantonese Chow Mein,Tofu with Seafood, and Crispy Sesame Beef with a medium steamed rice.  Portions are pretty big.  Most menu items are under $10.  My bill was just over $30 for all that food.  I've heard Tong Por in VSL is the better place to go for Dim Sum but Kam Do rocks the house for some good inexpensive Chinese!
4	I usually order from KamDo,  but since my Lunch changes often I can't leave my desk to go pay do I went today to pick up for myself at 4 other people! The portions are amazing!They have a lot to choose from, you can't go wrong!I eat here at least once a week, and The prices are great not to expensive. Watch out for the spicy food they are not shy on hot sauceWhen they deliver, they don't always have change so be ready!
5	I adore this place, I've been a customer of theirs for a long time (about 10 years). I used to work down the street from their place on Decarie and we would order from there every Friday night!  To this day even though I've moved, I will still drive there just to get my fix and the person who takes the orders by phone still knows my order off by heart when they see my number come up! (That kind of service is amazing to me!) Nothing beats their peanut butter sauce - on dumplings on chicken and I even order a side of it to put on my Saute beef and rice noodles! They are VERY accommodating for substitutions and changes! Even though they have over 100 choices you can customize your order! (you can even make most dishes vegetarian by substituting any meat for tofu.)The place isn't much to look at, looks a little run down (hole in the wall kind of place)and chances are you've walked past it numerous times without noticing it, but it's one of those hidden treasures!  Don't be turned off by the way the place looks...Their portions are Insane!  The amount of food you get for the price in unbelievable, you will definitely have leftovers for the next day!My top picks: #27 Saute beef with rice noodles (except I will usually substitute the beef for chicken and ask for no onions)#40 General Tao - The best in the city! (You can even order it half and half which means you get half rice and half general tao and they charge you less, because again their portions are more than one person can eat so this is an awesome option if you're ordering for just yourself)Crispy Spinach - amazingChicken fried rice - the best I've hadTheir spring rolls with apricot sauce is not only one of my favorites but my son's (age 3) as well!You HAVE to try this place at least once (cause then you'll be hooked)
2	I stopped by for lunch. The seating area is limited and the decor of the restaurant is extremely plain. The food was nothing special. Not bad. Just not special. The egg rolls were no better then what I can buy in the frozen food section of my local supermarket. The crispy beef was tasty and the order size was large but there was more batter then beef and the sauce was cloyingly sweet. Acceptable for a fast lunch but there are many better Asian restaurants in that neighborhood.
5	Order food from here all the time. The portions are big which is good and the price isn't bad either. I like to get the half and half (General Tao & steamed or fried rice), the  chicken fried rice,the regular fried rice, the tofu dishes and the spring rolls with plum sauce.Good food I definitely recommend it
4	The general tao chicken is one of the best i've tasted around montreal. The szechuan food however, ...is not legit at all.
5	You don't go there for the decor,  let me tell you that.  Now that we've covered that,  let's move on to more serious matters. This restaurant is A. M. A. Z. I. N. G.!  The staff is always friendly.  The food is delicious.  Tastes authentic.  Comes in bulk. And is out-of-worldy cheap. This place is,  without a doubt,  the best restaurant I've discovered in the neighborhood thus far. Will go back,  again and again and again!
4	I came to Kam Do for lunch with a friend and I went with their Won Ton soup with main meal of General Tao and Noodles.The Won Ton ended up being nothing special but I really liked the General Tao and Noodles combination. The sauce was just right! FINALLY!!! Where so many places get it wrong, this place gets it just right. The noodles are perfect for the General Tao as well as the sauce goes down and gets absorbed by it.It was sweet and spicy without being too much of either. Excellent.The service was quick and efficient. No complaints there.The price tag is pretty cheap and for the value you get this place is a solid deal.Too bad I live too far for deliveries.
1	The worst delivery food I've ever had.The dumplings were too sweet and ry.The chicken, I wouldn't know where to start.The Cantonese noodles, flavourless.Everything is looking at me from the trash can. What a waste!Look for another restaurant, do yourself a favour.
