4	Not bad for being in the middle of no where. My sister and I along with our guys made a trek out there to visit our baby sister and the hotel was a 3 minute drive from where she was. The place was set up quite nicely on the outside and the room was what you would expect. 2 large beds with sheets, blanket and south western patterned bedspread, cable ready medium sized TV on a swivel, mini fridge, and night stand with standard bible. The bathroom was large and roomy, a must really, I especially liked the shower curtain rod, it was one of those angular ones that give you more arm room. For where it was located the look and the price matched well in my opinion plus it helped that the total cost of the room was split between 4 of us. Since we only needed an area to sleep, shower and change while running all over the Phoenix area, this was totally more than your average motel.
4	Wasn't planning on staying overnight, but at the last minute it became necessary. This cost a little more than the typical Motel 6 I stay in when in these situations, but I didn't have pets with me and I was in the middle of nowhere. I balked at the extra $20 - but it was so worth it! The room was neat as a pin. It had a fridge, microwave, coffee maker and huge TV. Lots of light, free wifi, and an office chair/desk. Downstairs, coin laundry was available. It was very quiet. I even had a balcony, with chairs and a little table, where I could see the pool. In the morning, I went down to the lodge-like lobby for a real breakfast of sausage, fresh waffles, eggs (not real, but with enough hot sauce and country gravy, not bad), tater tots, and choices of yogurt, fresh fruit, any cereal I could possibly want, and fruit juices.The only change I would make is the front desk guy when I first came in. He was one of those "I'm on the phone so the rest of the world doesn't exist" people. Even though he was mumbling, I could tell it wasn't a business call - but that doesn't matter. Freakin' acknowledge the patron, buddy. I would hardly consider making eye contact and acknowledging the person who is in front of you multi-tasking. Pick it up, people!But, since I didn't have to deal with him ever, ever again - I really enjoyed my stay!
4	One thing I want to point out is, among some choices I've picked little bit expensive room as it was advertised as "heavenly bath" or something. But the bathtub was worse, and inside of coffee machine seems to be cleaned more thoroughly. I didn't know it was going to be charged if I just pick sodas in a refrigerator, although I placed it right away. #You didn't charge me as I told you I didn't know that. Thanks.# but, Overall, I'm satisfied for other things.
4	PLEASANTLY SURPRISED! I typically stay at Holiday Inn Express because I know they don't use comforters (and any hotel that does needs to get with the times, that's so gross!) but anyways, this was the only hotel in AJ that didn't have comforters so not much choice. Hotel was very clean, room was spotless, nice pool/spa, staff was super nice and had a continental breakfast. $80/night for a king room. No complaint's here!
3	We stay here every few years when in town to visit family. Always friendly and very helpful. However, this last visit resulted in what I believe are bed bug bites. We've never had this issue the previous times we've stayed so ild like to think this was a random one time thing. Other wise our stays are always pleasant.
