5	We've been Discount Tire customers for over 20 years.  We buy all our tires there.  Best of all are the Discount Tires road hazard certificates which we always buy.  It is worth it knowing they will replace any of their tires that get damaged.In their store are cross section tire models showing Good, Better and Best tires.  Nothing like seeing these models to convince me to buy the Best - four new Michelin tires.  Even got a rebate, a $70 Prepaid Visa card - nice!A big convenience is the ability to make an appointment, either by calling or using their website where you can search tires, prices and even pre-order.  BTW their website is very informative, everything tire related.  We're happy satisfied customers of Discount Tire!
5	Discount Tire is legit !I love this location because they are friendly, fast and efficient.  Prices are reasonable.  Sometimes they will try to up sell you and or add things automatically to the tab with-out telling you making it seem like its part of the package.However, they are very patient and will answer any and all questions and will lower the bill if need be to fit your budget and get your business.Moreover, stop by anytime during business hours and they will check your tires and fill them up with air as needed FOR FREE !Note to the competition MOVE OVER because Discount is as good as it gets !
4	I cannot believe I have never checked in or reviewed this place before. For 18 years they have been taking care of my flat tires and I have been buying all of my tires here.  This being Arizona, land of the flat tire, I always get the road hazard warranty and both my son and I have come out ahead!
4	I enjoy discount minus the sales pitch but again you are going to a tire shop. Anyway I ventured to this conveient location the other day looking for some new rims for the wifeys car.(I needed my tires balanced and rotated) They had a good selection and were willing to work with me(haggle). I ended up getting the rims I wanted and everything done for my wife's car for an affordable price.
4	Make sure you get here early. I came this morning to obviously get a tire checked out. I figured the earlier I get here the better. They open at 8 I walked in about 830 and there was already 3 customers ahead of me. I was greeted in the parking lot and I told him my tire issue. He inspected all four tires and then explained what he would dunk the tire in water to see if it could be repaired opposed to completely replacing it. The other discount tire store told me I had to replace the tire without even doing a complete inspection. I definitely recommend this location but arrive early.
5	Sorry not 2 recall any names but I hope employees r getting the bonus &/or raise increases they are entitled 2, as there's no other place we've gotten such FANTASTIC service in ALL respects especially EVERY time I visit this store! Thx 4 hiring such OUTSTANDING workers which includes the attentive & humorous front desk/waiting area personnel, the new employee w/ the AWESOME personable attitude (who we heard was his 1st day working there) & the ones behind the scenes doing such efficiently thorough tire repair work to ensure the safe operation of our personal vehicles!   The guy who returned my vehicle when it was ready was the cake topper 2 us leaving your store, having the best experience yet! I always tell everyone I know there's no other place I'd entrust or gamble w/ for my tire needs which is also why whenever it's time to purchase new tires, it's never the slightest question where I'm getting them. Besides, they've saved me TONS of $$$ in free repairs from patches 2 valve stem leaks, tire rot8ions etc over the yrs, so I'm sure I speak 4 many customers in what I've said here: that if having to spend our hard-earned money when it's time 4 new tires, there's no other place that deserves the business more than them!    Being impressed is an understatement...who knew that having 2 get tire work done could be such a pleasantly smooth, happy & professional experience? Fortun8ly we do! Makes me feel sorry 4 the 1s who don't know yet...
5	This is the third location that I've been to, and I must say it's marvelous when all locations offer superb service! That's no coincidence!  Somebody is taking notes and making it their business to offer fantastic service all the way around.  Kudos to Discount Tire and I hope your employees are being compensated  as fairly.Today I noticed one of my Toyota Highlander dashboard warning lights blinking.  Since I'd never seen this warning light before, I had to look it up in my owner's manual.  It indicated "low tire pressure."  I immediately drove into a gas station and used my "free' Discount Tire gauge.  All tires registered within normal parameters.  I then drove to the nearest Discount Tire for a free air pressure check and to ask why restarting my car didn't reset the warning light.  It was around mid-afternoon, very hot and there were hardly any customers.  I was immediately offered a free, cold water bottle, while my tire pressures were checked.  Since he too determined my tires were were normal, he suggested that I park and go inside to speak with the Manager.  I decided to take my owner's manual  to read, while I waited.   Once inside,  the Manager asked me if my spare tire was low?  I told him that I doubted it, since I'd just had that tire rotated about 1-2 weeks ago.  He then asked for my car keys, which I promptly surrendered.Ten minutes later, I was told that they had reset my suspension's button and where I could find it.  Note:  I was in the process of reading just that when my name was called.  You just can't beat their great customer service!
5	Arrived with an appointment and this place was packed yet they said the wait would be less than 40 minutes for the repair.   The repair was done in less than 30.   I was greeted within seconds of walking in and the staff was very helpful.This was my second visit and both times I had great service.  I will definitely be utilizing this Discount Tire again in the future.
5	They always have great service. They go or of there way to make sure your vehicle is taken care of. I purchase all my tires at Discount Tire. Great service,  great prices,  and warranty on all there tires. Never charge for repair.
