4	We went to Mattress Firm after spending two hours plus the day before at a very well known mattress store (the biggest in Nevada, they say).  The unnamed mattress store had a small inventory, as it was a smaller store.  There was only one salesperson there and she was nice enough but there just wasnt alot to choose from.  We wanted to stay under $1000 for a California King firm mattress and they just couldnt do it. To me, thats a lot of money!  They only carry one brand - Sealy.  The guys at Mattress Firm, Jay, Todd and (Mike?) had much more to choose from and it didnt take us two hours to find a wonderful new FIRM mattress that was the same cost as the previous store, and they included a mattress protector for a really great price, and threw in a Coconut Bliss pillow that was the best pillow I have ever rested my head upon.  I was ready to spend $100 bucks on that pillow but he threw it in for free!  They are currently running a promotion that offers zero sales tax. Delivery was also free, and it arrived as promised, that same nite.  I think I understand now why the salesperson at that Other mattress store said to stay away from Mattress Firm.  Afraid of a little competition are we?
3	It's a mattress place, guys. Get ready for salespeople.All in all, not a terrible experience.  The salesperson who helped us was actually much more helpful than I anticipated, and got us a great deal on our new Tempurpedic Cloud king mattress by finding one that someone had ordered brand-new but I guess decided they didn't want when the delivery person came.  (???)  I didn't really care because I got a discount and it hadn't even been used.Back feels better, though, so that's a nice plus to the Tempurpedics.  I'd probably recommend someone to this location.
5	I used to be an RC Wiley customer but after they botched my last delivery 3 times in a row after I spent $2500 for my kids bedroom last yr and $5000 for a bed a few years before, I decided to look elsewhere. I found Mattress Firm. I left my $5k bed with the ex and was in desperate need of a new one as I'm currently 5 months pregnant. Jay was a big help as my new husband likes soft and I like firm so we found something in the middle. Their return policy of 100 day return says that they stand behind the products they sell. I bought a king sized Sealey and a nice headboard, Jay threw in the frame for free.My older kids were running amuck in the store but the guys were ok with it and threw in another wonderful freebi. P.S this post Is from February and left in my draft folder. 2 months later...Still LOVE my bed!!!
5	I had a great experience shopping at this store! The employee that I dealt with at Mattress Firm, Todd, went above and beyond the call of duty. Someone get this guy a raise, for reals! If it weren't for his professionalism, I might have cancelled the order. After a series of mishaps, Todd came through and made everything right. I got the mattress of my dreams in a matter of hours, not days or weeks as I was expecting. I was sleeping soundly that very evening and my back is living happily ever after.
