3	Arthurs offers a decent variety of genres all in one stop.  Grilled items like cheesesteaks; burgers; patty melts, salads ranging from chef to grilled chicken to asian, and grinders/hoagies (grinders here are hot, hoagies are cold).  I believe they serve breakfast but, have never been there in the A.M. so, this review is lunch only.Most everything is as three stars indicates here in Yelpville, A-OK.  Generally pretty quick, especially the salad line.  I've never had the chicken caesar that Barrie H. trashes in his 7/26/10 review but have had the grilled tuna caesar.  Thankfully I've never experienced what he did.  It's not great and don't think you're going to get a medium-rare hunk of tuna on there cause its always well done and dry but, again, always A-OK beyond that.It's close to the office and at least good enough for a once every other month visit to change things up.
4	As a frequent stop on our work "lunch train" (choo, choo), Arthurs is always my pick (over Showmar's, that is... because those are usually our only two options!).  If you're looking for a greasy, delicious, made-the-right-way reuben, Arthurs is your spot.  Crispy, buttery, bread with just the right amount of tangy sauerkraut, loaded with corned beef and balanced out with a dollop of thousand island.  Mmmmm.  It's also delish with turkey instead of the corned beef.I have a few gumbo connoisseurs in the office, and they all agree that Arthurs has the best chicken gumbo in walking distance of the Atrium.  As my co-worker put it "If you see that Arthurs has the chicken gumbo as their soup of the day, you can't not get it.  Your lunch plans are made."  And it must be true, because I've tried to get it several times at around 1:30, and they are always out!I agree with the barrie h's comment to steer clear of the caesar salad, it leaves much to be desired, but for a good, hot sandwich and some tasty fries, Arthurs is the jam.
3	Down on the plaza level of the "jukebox building" in uptown, Arthurs is a grill and salad place serving lunch and breakfast to corporate types both in the building and connected thru the over street walkway system that connects many other buildings.  While lunch is mainly grilled sandwiches and fries or some rather large salads (some better than others), I have to give this place some credit for a breakfast that is affordable and relatively quick.  Mainly egg sandwiches served on any number of breads and with any number of regular meats, you can't beat the prices here once you are within the "uptown grid."  Under $3 is a little insane, and so post-workout, I like my odds at Arthurs.In the morning there is never a wait and the staff looks a little surprised someone stopped in before 8:30 a.m.  But regardless, the stock English muffins toasted perfectly with a little egg to order.  If you want a meat, they've got that too- usually already cooked but placed back on the grill for heating only (no comment here).  They also have a number of Seattle's Best coffees and fountain drinks for those looking to get a caffeine fix in a colder way.  Nothing fancy, nothing unexpected.  Just a quick breakfast that leaves you with some change after a 5-spot.  Try that across the way or somewhere else along the over street walkways- hard, if not impossible to do.  For that, I'm glad to see them sticking around.
5	Top notch lunch food served quickly, at reasonable prices and with a smile. Whether it is off the grill, a salad or a sandwich, these folks do it right. Most of the employees have been there for years and take pride in providing great service!
