4	Today was the first time I've tried Port of Subs. I always thought it would be a normal sandwich sub place like Subway or Blimpie and I'm normally willing to drive to Capriotti's or Jimmy Johns. Port of Subs was a nice surprise.I got a medium (5" for about $5 something)  #1 on wheat which is ham, cappacola, & salami. It was a fatty with lots of meat. I thought they'd be stingy like how subway is with their meat. The size was actually pretty big for being 5". My boyfriend got a large which is 12" and he couldn't finish it all. I got mine topped with lettuce, red onions, black olives, thinly sliced pickles, and peppers. It was pretty damn good! The bread soft and fresh. The establishment is clean and the staff are very helpful and nice. I will definitely return again since it is so close to where I live!
5	Wow!!! Let me repeat, WOW!!!! I didn't get the names of the two employees who were on shift that night, but WOW!!!!! I walked in about 7:50 and KNEW they were closing at 8:00... The female employee already had the meat machine broken down and was cleaning it.  I asked if they were still open.  Wow!!! No groans, no evil eye, no nothing!!! She said yes, and was very patient as I rudely used my cell phone to get my wife's order.  The male helped by putting the machine back together and slicing the meats.  Wow!!! Just Wow!!! The manager should check whom was working that night and give them a serious commendation!!!
5	#1 with everything on it minus the black olives has been my favorite sandwich for going on a decade now.
5	My kids love Port of Subs. We had another great sub at Port of Subs.
5	So happy to find a PoS near my work. I have been driving by this place for months not realizing it was RIGHT THERE. When I get out of work at 8:30 PM there are not a lot of places to go. Usually fast food is the only option for a non-costly meal. Now I have Port of Subs! This one is located in the Lowes shopping center on Eastern in close proximity to the new terminal (T3) of McCarran International.I arrived at exactly 8:40 PM last night just praying they weren't closed. They weren't! Although they were cleaning up. I felt kind of bad, as I usually do, when entering an establishment that close to when they are closing, but I really wanted a sandwich! The two male employees inside did not seem bothered by me arriving so late. They were talkative and nice while they made my sandwich. I love all of PoS sandwiches, but I usually get the #5 (Turkey, Ham, and Cheddar Cheese). There's one thing I love about PoS over Subway - they actually have SLICED cheddar cheese! At Subway you can only get it shredded. :/My sandwich was delicious and I got a combo (about $8). It's kind of pricey, but that's just about how much you'll pay for a combo anywhere these days. The store was clean, the employees nice, and my food was great. A+!
3	Cant say I've ever had abad sandwich from Port of Subs but this location is now slicing so thin, you can see through them. Also, to put a brand new employee on the slicer during the lunch rush, prob not the best Mgmt decision. Pastrami & Turkey gave the #1(Italian) a whole new taste.
4	Decided to check this place out since they don't have these back in The Bay. Favorite place to get a sandwich now, come here all the time! I craved these bad boys all throughout my pregnancy, lol.Only bad experience I had was one time I came about half an hour before closing and the employee locked the door on me, rude!
4	Wow what an awesome sandwich spot. Was leaving out of Vegas a little past noon but still wanting breakfast. Port of Subs had the grilled breakfast sub. Large bacon eggs and cheese for only 5.99. The sandwich prep and ingredients were excellent, I highly recommend the smoked cheddar. Add avocado for 1.50 and you have an incredible sandwich. Prices are right on, around the same as subway only much better sandwiches.
4	Better thank Subway by a mile. However it's just a sandwich. A good sandwich though. If you are in the mood for a cold cut sandwich you can't go wrong here. The bread is fresh and the quality of the meets and cheeses are better than most other sandwich shops. When I'm in the mood for a sandwich POS is usually my 1st choice.
5	I wanted something delicious and a bit healthier than your typical fastfood joints, so I chose to visit this Port of Subs. It was near the Lowes that I was going to. What immediately caught my attention was the griller collection, preferably the pastrami! I added some provolone cheese, pickles, mustard, pepperoncinis, tomatoes & red onions. How ever they crafted my sandwich, it was sheer perfection! I highly enjoyed my meal earlier today.  Not only because it was delicious, the staff was just amazing! Kurtis, Tina & George, were exceptional! Very courteous, very friendly, and most importantly, the passion in what they do. I too, work in a customer service industry. So I understand how the system works. I will definitely be coming back to this branch, and tell my friends about it! If you get the chance, swing by and bring them business. You'll be glad that you did! With all the negativity happening all around us, it's refreshing to encounter such a small group that gives such tremendous positive light!
