5	This place would be a favorite for L from Death Note (anybody, anybody... OK moving on).  For those who actually got that reference, you'll know that this store has a very vast and impressive selection of chocolate and candy.  I had the good fortune to encounter these fine products while I was actually in the Rockies.  They have some of the best cherry cordials I've ever had.  Their butter creams come in every flavor imaginable and are simply melt in your mouth good.  They also have non-chocolate things too, like caramel apples and peanut brittle.  All of which are very tasty.  This is the kind of place you go to really treat yourself.
5	I do not know how to state this without possibly getting banned from yelp, so I will just spit it out:"If I could repeatedly cum on command, it would not be as pleasurable as all the goodies that can be found here."The end.
5	Why is it that when you get older and can appreciate the best things in life, they add lbs like crazy. I get the white chocolate macadamia nut  clusters. They have to be sinful and from the devil, they are too darn good. And i will leave it at that since I need this hand to nibble on one.
3	I used to order the hot chocolate mixes at this branch and the one at the airport but neither seem to stock them anymore.  Plus the price went up - and it was already a bit too expensive for something a speck higher in quality than nestles Quick.
4	I am giving RMCF 3.5 stars (rounded up) because their prices are ridiculous!  I got a thick piece of mint chocolate (Grasshopper something or other) and my daughter had a chocolate m&m covered pretzel.  The total was $10.  I will add that my piece of chocolate must have weighted a ton.  It was good but actually lasted the whole week.  I couldn't seem to eat but a few bites before it was just too much. I guess I got what I paid for but ended up throwing some of it out.
1	Very unhappy with this place. I went in for chocolate for my husband and a caramel apple for myself. There were no price per pound listed for the chocolate. I asked the employee what the price per pound was and she would not answer me and only waived me to the register. Upon checkout, my total was over $25.00 for three chocolates and an apple. That is more than my dinner at PF Changs cost! And, to top it all off, she smushed all of the chocolates and apple in one small white bag (she had touched the chocolate bag and put touching the apple - not even sanitary!!).Will not return!
