4	I love to eat here! I get lunch here a lot. I like their chicken salad sandwiches and asiago cheese bagels with garden veggie cream cheese. They should keep it opened an hour longer, though. I know bakeries are all into fresh foods, but it closes before most get to eat dinner.
4	This is a handy location with Starbucks next door. I normally buy a pastry here and my coffee at Starbucks. The bagel breakfast sandwiches are also very good. A relaxing place to hang out in the morning.
4	This is our breakfast chow spot on lazy weekend mornings. Fast service and pretty good bagels. It's close and near everything else shopping wise. Very nice patio to chill on right there next to the Sbucks.
5	I grab a cup from these guys every morning at this location. Great, friendly serviceThey have the best coffee, fresh, strong never burned. Jeanie is the one you want to help you when your there. She makes you feel at home.
4	I loved Einstein Bros. when I lived in Boston.  While visiting my folks last December, I inquired as to where I may partake in a delicous, almost NY-like bagel, and my mom gave me the car keys and directions.  I believe this is a sister company to Noah's bagels, but somehow, these tasted better.  I got my mom a cheesy bagel with salmon, I think, and myself-the nutty-wheaty type (good grains?) with that honey cream cheese.  Also picked up two frozen mochas, and off I went.  Mom was pleased, as was I.  Place was packed, on a Saturday morning, but customer service was good, and the line moved fast.
3	Nothing too spectacular - just another bagel place. I got the good grains bagel w/ honey almond cream cheese (yummy) while others in my group got: the pizza bagel, thin bagel sandwiches, jalapeno w/ plain cream cheese, spinach florentine, and some holiday one that was super sweet.Price wasn't anything too expensive.
4	Great Bagels. Green Chile Bagel was terrific. I like this place better than Panera.
4	It was 6 am and I was hounding yelp to find out where I can get a great tasting with no added sugars cup of coffee. Something that wasn't Starbucks. One that wasn't 500+ calories a cup and for a reasonable price. And something to eat for breakfast, that would hold me over till lunch. I was starving and needed to be Downtown at jury duty by 8am.Just my luck einsteins is open early! Woo hoo! I forgot that they were one of the few quick-breakfast food places open early, I really didn't want to go to McD's or Jack's. 1 star. So glad I was able to avoid McDonald's. When I stepped in, no line, score! 1 more star. I was greeted by the cashier. Smiling and a welcoming attitude. Another star.The other worker, he seemed like he was just there for the paycheck. But the girl who helped me was more than helpful. I really appreciated that since I was only running on 2 hrs of sleep and on my way to jury duty at 6 am in the morning. I got a medium coffee and a bacon and spinach panini. I guess I didn't pay attention to the price of the sandwich because my total came out to $8. $5 Seems kinda pricey for a breakfast sandwich. But the panini was pretty big.  And that's what I get for not going to a fast food joint. The medium coffee was $3. I didn't finish the panini so I was able to eat for lunch too. So it wasn't too bad. I can't remember the last time I was at an Einstein's nor do I remember getting their coffee. So I was joyfully surprised to see that the coffee is self serve. I was happy to see that!!! I really liked the coffee! I don't like to add sugar to my coffee and just a couple squirts of half and half.  They have a couple different flavors of coffee to choose from too! I forgot what the name of the coffee was that I got. It was a very bold flavor. I really liked it! I love intense flavors. I've had their bagels, but not at this visit. They're delish. I'll be coming here again for my morning coffee when I'm out and about. :)
4	I bought 6 bagels.  The counter staff was efficient and friendly.  I was in and out in about 1 minute.  This store is a bit smaller than other Einstein Brothers around town and the selection seemed to be a bit less.  Nevertheless, they had what I wanted.  I wish Einstein would bring back plain salt bagels.  I'd rather have plain salt than their pretzel bagel, but they're still good.
4	Great place for some morning coffee n food! Nice view when sitting outside and convenient place to meet n talk w friends! Get there before the 9am morning rush and your bagels will be ready in a snap and no lines to wait in! What else can I say it's Einstein Bagels! They have awesome bagels n spreads!
4	The staff is always friendly and fast. The bagels are super fresh.Best Bagels in town. This place never disappoints.I just wish they were open later on weekends .
1	A single star? You bet and that's only because these folks have something at at least resembles bagels, and they're overpriced at that. Go to the Bagel Cafe, which has real ones.
1	If you want a mediocre bagel and exceptionally bad service - this is the place for you!  One employee was too busy restocking dog biscuits to wait on me.  The second filled my order and then put it on the back counter while he helped another customer.  A third, who was standing with his thumb up his ***, could not ring up my order because he wasn't the one that put the bagels in the bag.  Save yourself aggravation and money by going across the parking lot to Von's.  The bagels are just as good for less than half the price.
5	I'm so lucky to have a Einstein near me! :)I just love it here. The staff is very friendly and make me fee good when I come in.I like the coupons that come in the mail those are just a bonus because I'd pay regular price just to have some of these tasty gems.The sandwiches are very good too!It doesn't hurt that Starbucks is next door ;)
2	I usually enjoy Starbucks if I want a sit-down breakfast alone away from home. The Starbucks at Von's Plaza is too tiny to expect to get seating, so I took my business to Einstein's next door.  Guess what? Same problem: tiny seating area. However, I think Einstein's gets slightly less traffic, so I was able to get a table.Although Einstein's definitely has many more food options and therefore a bigger breakfast selection, I think Starbucks wins the breakfast sandwich contest. Theirs is hotter and tastes better.  Einstein's turkey sausage sandwich was bland and the cheese wasn't even melted. Bleh.
1	Now we all know that you take a chance anytime u enter a restaurant...ugh.I went in for a bagel & coffee.The lady at counter...her name started with J and it was sat dec. 29 @ 145 pm . She looks african american. She was ringing a lady up and she wiped her nose with her hand ...you know ...like a kid does when they have a cold. Well then she proceeded to make sandwiches. Granted she put on the plastic gloves but the problem is the snot was on her hands.No food for me ...Thanks.Hey...staff and managers ...how would you like to be served by your co worker.Just wanted to let people know.Sorry....
2	In the past we would go here almost every weekend.  But lately the food seems more processed and less fresh and the prices keep going up.  No a good value and my family does not really enjoy the food anymore.  The eggs are good example.  They don't taste good or even resemble eggs, but are easy to store and cook for the workers.   I am sure the company is making more profit now though.
1	It is really sad to give this place a one star.  I was really excited to have an einstein near my house and I have been to two other locations of einstein bagels and this is the ONLY location that is completely horrible.  The people here a are completely rude and unprofessional. When I ordered the person that was taking my order just asked, "What do you want?....That's it?...Go over there."  He seemed so unhappy and hated life.  Now, I go on to the second register to pay.  I believe he was the manager of this einstein location and surprisingly he looked unhappy, too.  Sighs, I went to pay and I am sure he heard me say. "Wow, the people that work here are so rude."  I took a bite of my chocolate chip bagel with regular smear & it was overfilled with  cream cheese and my bagel is burnt. Sighs, shaking my head. I hope one day, I can update my review and give it a better rating.  As for now, one star is what they will get.
1	This review has nothing to do with the food. The staff here is terrible including the supervisor in the maroon shirt that always looks angry! Most are unprofessional, dirty, and grouchy. They let their regulars cut, they get nasty with each other in the middle of ringing you up, they burn their bagels sometimes, and not to mention totally violate FLSA. I had one person in particular make my sandwich and then sing that they love working during their break. Are you kidding me? I've submitted two complaints on their site... one for ordering a southwest turkey sausage bagel thin sandwich only to return to work with an asparagus mushroom sandwich (exact same thing happened to my friend; we went together) and then because they served me a sandwich on a burnt, stale, cardboard cracker bagel. I've received a coupon for a free sandwich each time.The only reason I go back is because I can get here and back within my break and/or lunch and when I'm lucky enough... the guy with the ponytail is working. He is super friendly and makes the yummiest sandwiches so kudos to him!
3	I kept hearing how amazing this place was. It was mostly clean and the staff efficient (though I wouldn't call them friendly). I ordered a pretzel bagel with salmon shmere, because, Damn that sounds yummy, right? What I got was so salty that it actually burned my mouth. No flavor, just SALT. Plus, I made the mistake of reading what was in the shmere. MSG. Yup. So-called gourmet and they're trying to poison me. The guy was kind enough to exchange the salt fest for a different bagel with plain non-MSG laden cream cheese. So, they get a couple of stars. The chai latte was super, so they get another star. But, they add cheap poisonous flavor enhancer to thier "gourmet" food, so they don't get a customer.
2	I like the food here and the proximity to my home. It also offers outdoor seating however the past 2 visits here leave a lot to be desired. Got overcharged both times for stuff I didn't order. Pay attention to your order because in my experience it gets entered into the register wrong. Today's visit was the same on top of losing my order. The food preparer was very apologetic which means at least they care. I do not recommend coming here if you are in a hurry as it will just increase your anxiety. Be sure to help walk your order to the end. I will keep coming back though. Hopefully they can build a great team here and get everyone trained. Be very patient! :-)
1	Disaster.  They were out of the key smears marketed.  Then, after waiting in a slow moving line (which only had about five people, but one must actually wait through two lines), they forgot our order and had to start over.  Fortunately, I had shoved the receipt in my pocket (which I normally wouldn't do) so I could prove that I paid, although I didn't have any way to prove whether or not the bagels had actually been received.  I spent over 30 minutes trying to buy 6 bagels and a tub of cream cheese.  My son ended up being 10 minutes late for a 30 minute piano lesson.While standing in the ordering line then again in the paying line, then in the cluster waiting to get my bagels, I realized how "jacked" the Einstein ordering system is.  It took three different people to sell me six bagels, any one of which could screw up.  I won't be back.
2	Out of the apple cinnamon bagels, when asked if they would bake more, they said "not today".
1	This place is ridiculous. It took the stoner dude behind the counter about 10 minutes to make a sandwich. The only other person working just kind of moves things, from place to place, and heats things in a microwave. I ordered hot tea and a sandwich and it was almost $12! It's ridiculous!
5	Great fresh made bagel joint. Make sure to get there either 7, or 9:30 for freahest batches. Asiago is the BOMB!
3	Surprisingly good breakfast thin asparagus mushroom and egg white. Wraps not so much. Asiago toasted with veggie always decent. However please get a better system in place because I've never been able to get out of there in less than 15 min for a bagel!
1	Have been here multiple times in hopes they get better but they don't. 3 out of 3 times messed my order up. Unfortunately they are closest Einstein's to me so in stuck. I have been to others and they are much faster and don't tend to mess up orders quite like this location.
1	This place is a cluster F@$#.  every time i  go there, they have new employees, they are slow as can be and all seem to hate their life.  i just ordered 3 bagels and 2 drinks and it took 30 minutes with 3 employees working. There was no apology and i didn't get a receipt.  the poor girl behind the counter looked like she was going to cry, so i didn't bother even giving feedback.  The owner needs to step in and learn how to run a successful business who appreciates their customers.
2	It is a shame this place can not get it together, The last time i was here it took 20 minutes to get a single toasted bagel. 20 minutes!  If their food was not so darn tasty and it was not right up the road, i would never go to this Einstein's again. But for now, i will just visit occasionally on the weekends when i have the time to wait 20 minutes for a bagel.
2	I saw the low yelp scores before I walked in and thought, "c'mon, it's Einstein Bagels, give um a break how bad could it be"?  They were right, ran out of plain, Sesame and everything bagels on a Saturday morning, need I say anymore?
4	To be honest, I've only ever ordered bagels here. It's typical Einstein Bros. fare: warm and tasty bagels with decent shmear. When toasted, bagels are slightly crispy on the outside and soft/chewy on the inside.The place is clean, but dangerously busy on the weekends in the mornings. Nevertheless, I've never had more than a 10 minute wait here, and always found the staff to be efficient and polite enough.Is it the best bagel I've ever eaten? Of course not. But in terms of fast bagel options in the zip code, Einstein Bros. will continue to be my go-to.
1	DO NOT COME HERE! AVOID THIS LOCATION AT ALL COSTS. "How bad could it be" I thought, "it's Einsteins, it should be great" I was horribly horribly wrong. On walking In the first thing I noticed that they were out of everything. No poppy seed, no plain, no onion, ect. Second, the workers were so rude... I over heard one of the workers say this to a customer when she asked for a bagel they were out of "you can clearly see that we don't have it. What else do you want?" Safe to say that customer walked out. Anyway I ordered an Asiago lox and bagel with extra capers. I asked for the bagel toasted. It wasn't. I asked for extra capers. There wasn't. Continuing, I'm not exactly sure how many of slices of lox they give per bagel but they only gave me two slices, one in each half and they only covered 1/3rd of the bagel. I won't be coming back. Btw the only saving grace to this whole experience was the very kind cashier.
1	I rather drive to a location across town then come to this Einstein Bagels.They had 5 workers including 2 supervisors, they were all confused and did not understand what to do. My boyfriend and I ordered the lox bagel with extra capers and a side of potato salad along with a strawberry lemonade. They were busy so I didn't mind waiting a bit longer on their slow service but the workers were just rude.We got here around 11 on Saturday and they were mostly out of their bagels with a handful of bagels. As we go your bagels, they did not put extra capers and forgot out salad and drink. They looked at us as if we were idiots when we were waiting for the rest of our food. The potato salad was already premade and they just had to take it out of the fridge but they made us wait another 5 minutes. Our drink took another 5-10 minutes, probably would have been finished with our meal if we didn't wait. Just don't waste your time coming to the location.
1	This location is very conveniently located for me, only about a five minute drive at most from my house.  I always rely on Einsteins for a quick and tasty breakfast when I'm in a rush; however, this is the worst Einsteins I have ever been too. I have worked in the food industry and I completely understand when a team member makes a small mistake regarding a order, and I am always nice about it. Not exaggerating, the past FIVE times I have been in they have completely messed up my very simple orders! For example, they forget to give me a couple of bagels (not even toasted or cute, just straight from the bin.) They mess up the EASIEST things on any sandwiches I order, and it always requires me to go and talk to them after waiting forever.   Even then, they still act extremely confused and unintelligent. When I had to ask for my bagels, she even gave me the wrong ones the second after I told her what types I had ordered.  Every single time I had come in it was not insanely busy at all, there is no excuse for the lack of service/common sense/normal human intelligence.   Shame on me for going back each time, I just figured it was a fluke or something and maybe they had gotten better.  This is hands down the most hopeless food chain location with the most incompetent "workers" I have ever experienced.  My nine year old sister could run the place more efficiently.  I'm getting frustrated just writing this review and thinking about it -_-
1	Seriously get it together people. I was so disappointed with the service here. The guy behind the counter was a complete jerk. Then one of the customers before me order a bagel with salmon on it and the kid behind the counter cam out to tell him that nothing was prepped and it was going to take 10 mins for his bagel.  That's fine but can't u just slap some cream cheese on my bagel so we can keep the food comming out? If I wanted to wait 20 mins for food I would have gone to a restaurant. This location need some serious training and team work to pull this place together
1	They messed up my order again for the 3rd time in a row. It's not hard to toast a bagel...
1	Worst customer service in history! After watching the employee try and prepare a salad that was taking over 15 minutes and seeing him handle money then keep trying to prepare my salad I was disgusted. When I proceeded to tell them I wanted a refund and they refused and they said they didn't like me as a customer. Who says that??? Because I didn't want to eat the salad that took over 15 minutes to prepare and who was handling my food with dirty hands. Absolutely worst place ever! Do not recommend to anyone!
4	The service here was very good,and  the bagels were fresh. They were out of some of the bagels, which is to be expected after lunch.They do have an outdoor seating area, and a nice bar-style area to sit and look out the window while eating.
1	Met a friend this morning at 10am.  I was going to pick up a bagel and then get my coffee next door at Starbucks, but I saw that Einsteins has an iced coffee carafe with refills so I just got my coffee here.  It wasn't busy.  Bagel was tasty.  My drink was empty so I went up to refill my cup but the carafe was empty.  I went to the counter and let the guy know that there was no more iced coffee.  He tells me that he'll take care of it.I wait about 7-8 minutes and walk up to fill my cup... But it's still empty.  I remind the guy that there is no coffee and he says he'll take care of it.  I go back to my seat and talk some more with my friend.  I go back about 5-6 minutes later assuming that the ice coffee is ready... But still nothing.  This time I go to a different employee and ask him if it's normal to wait 15 minutes for a refill of coffee.  His response is a shrug of the shoulders and "sorry".  Finally 10 minutes later as we are leaving, they start brewing the ice coffee.  Poor service.  And extremely pathetic response to a customer issue.  Is nobody there empowered to say anything other than "sorry, we'll take care of it"????
1	The worst Einstein's I have ever been to.  The staff is sullen, rude, and actively tries to avoid eye contact to avoid helping you.  The staff seems frustrated just taking your order.
3	The service is pretty good, but there is always a long line in the morning. Our firm orders 2 dozens of bagels every Friday, and we have had problems with the order repeatedly. The other location on Lake Mead and Buffalo is much more spacious and on top of things. Still not a bad place but just make sure you give yourself enough time when picking up breakfast.
1	This location is the epitome of disorganization and poor customer service. I blame this on the management, but really even the one or two helpful employees don't have their hearts in this job. The bagels are consistent with what you'd expect from Einstein's. You're better off getting a bucket to go and getting out of the store as fast as you can. If you're silly enough to stay be prepared for disappointment. I would never have believed that you could screw up toasting a bagel but these people make an art of botching your order. The staff are apathetic and really could not care less about getting your order right. I think they are only able to stay in business because of the Starbucks next door. I wouldn't have given it any stars if that were possible.
2	Bagels still alright here, but service has taken a turn for the worse.Slow, inattentive, and unfriendly. All I wanted was to pay for my food! Instead, fifteen others and I were joined in a line that spent forever being served by nonexistent cashiers.C'mon now.
