2	White House Black Market is a women's clothing store that focuses on professional and formal wear, generally appearing to cater to the 40+ crowd.  As the name suggests, most of the items in the store are black and white (I think it used to be entirely black and white, but they've expanded into splashes of color).  I've been looking for a decent white button up shirt for quite a while now (like, for years).  I figured I should finally break down and shell out the 50+ bucks for the perfect shirt, since thrifty shopping has produced no viable results.  A store that tends to focus on more formal items and where 75%+ of the content is black and white should fit the bill, right?  Wrong... While they offered a couple different styles of embellishment to their white button ups - completely boring plain white or plain white with ruffles - every single button up shirt in the entire store was the exact same style - which happened to be too low cut for me.  So, this company loses major points for assuming that every single person shopping there is exactly the same shape, and wants exactly the same shirt, just in different colors or with and without ruffles.  I can't attest to the quality or cuts of any of their other clothing, after thanking the friendly-enough sales woman for trying to help, I left.
4	Like Cayenne mentioned, a lot of the clothes are black and white.  I have a zillion black dresses (okay, more like 3 or 4) but I feel bad getting more of those.  Yet my mom has always found me cute skirts from here and I even found my fave skirt here, a SILVER bubble hem.  In the past, associates here told me because of the store's size, I can find some things at the Town Square or Fashion Show locations that this store would not have.Today I decided to pop in because of the email saying 20% off everything in the store, plus an additional 5% off for black book members plus I had a $10 off birthday certificate.  My associate Cathy was very patient with me.  I tried on a few things and wanted to give up but of all people, my darling Eric R. had found round 1 in the dressing room useless once when I forced him shopping (it is like once a year) but he went back into a store and found a lot the 2nd go.  The second time scanning the store I had Cathy help me find a white shrug (a missing essential) and then I scoured the sale dresses one more time to find hidden ones in my size.  Sure enough, I was lucky.  I have a rule that if there is one of something left in a store and it is my size, I should try it on.  I hit the jackpot on 2 dresses (one had a pop of pink!) and the shrug.  The dresses were already 50% off, plus I got an additional 25% off of them and the shrug, and then $10 off the total.  I got all 3 for less than half of the original cost.  Cathy also gave me a personal contact number to text and was very personable.I can wear all of these pieces to work and on the town, and one is able to be rolled up for the honeymoon suitcase!
3	Is it just me, or is the vanity sizing a LITTLE out of control at WHBM?  Not that I'm complaining... it IS nice to be able to say, "why yes, this shirt IS an xxxxxxxxxxxs!"  Seriously, the clothes seem to run really big.  I am NOT an extra-small, yet own several pieces of that size from WHBM. Odd.Anyway, this location is just okay for me.  Not great.  Much like another reviewer, I always seem to visit right after a walk or when I'm wearing gym clothes.  It seems like this means I deserve to be ignored.  I guess they assume I have no need for business attire since I'm dressed down.  Actually, I'm studying to be a lawyer.  Don't judge based on first appearances, people... even future lawyers like sweatpants.The selection here is meh, as is the service.  I visit the WHBM at Town Square when I am ready to do some major damage.
4	I'm a nurse so I don't have a great need for professional wear, but when I need to look appropriate (as in for a work gathering with my husband's firm, formal occasions, etc.) I do tend to check here... and I always LOVE what I try on. My most recent experience was especially memorable and will go down in the books as a very good one. I visited for last minute attire as I needed to fly to NY the next morning for a funeral. I had recently lost 15 lbs and nothing formal in my closet reserves was fitting. I came here and told the employees what I was looking for. I was not in my right frame of mind and wanted nothing to do with decision making of any kind, and I think they sensed this. They were SUCH a big help. They made suggestions, filled my fitting room with options, even dug out similar shoes to what I'd be wearing to help me decide. They helped me pick out the perfect outfits for the wake and a dress for the funeral, and were very patient and empathetic. I so appreciated the stellar service I received that day and it made all the difference for me. I'm a loyal customer now! As for the clothes, the quality is terrific and everything is beautiful! The sizes are a little off (someone who wears a size 6 actually fitting loosely into an XS? I don't know about that but it (falsely) boosts my confidence so I'll take it, LOL).  The prices are just too high and it's the only thing that keeps me from shopping here more often than just for the occasional special event. I found a long skirt that I LOVED but for 88 bucks I had to pass. I just won't wear it enough. They do have a shopper's club of sorts that you can join and get rewards and coupons periodically. I'll be back the next time I need to be outfitted for a special event! And I hope the service always lives up to the first time I really shopped there!
