5	I love this place and wouldn't go anywhere else.  I always feel fabulous when I leave this salon.  The haristylists are very helpful and very attentive and you always get what you want.  The prices are super reasonable.  I always make my appointments with Yulie but the other ladies do a wonderful job as well.
5	Since I only have written one review thus far (it was negative) figured a little YIN & YANG was in order.   Well.....I can not say enough of how fond I am of this little salon off Dysart.  I have thick coarse dark hair and normally when I would go to a new salon and ask for highlights there would be a big SHRIEKKKK of NOOOOOO....."your hair is too dry and it will break," not understanding that I have really STRONG hair!!!  I've been a very happy customer for over 4 years, with perfectly "bright" highlights, because brassy is not SASSY!!! These girls do a good job of listening to their clients!!! Can't go wrong w/ Helia or Ally!! Prices are reasonable, but more importantly the staff is professional and very friendly.  Looooooove Vega Salon!!!!
4	Having had a hairdresser for my mother and other than a friend who is a hairdresser in another state, no one has touched my hair and I was a little nervous. Violet did an awesome job and I will definitely become a regular. The shop is cute and friendly with a small town feel.
5	Spent 6 months trying to find a new salon to go to since moving to Goodyear. After reading the reviews, I tried Vega Salon. I am so glad that I did. I didn't have an appointment, but they fit me in for a cut and color. Carmen was awesome and so was Joe. They helped me pick out the perfect color for me and the haircut that Carmen gave me was perfect. Everyone was very friendly and professional. I will definitely be back.
5	I moved from CA to AZ and was looking for someplace to cut and color my hair and my husband get his cut and we found Salon Vega while shopping at Home Depot (the old location) on Dysart.Julie was awesome! She asked me what I was looking for, helped me with great ideas and took care of my husband and myself. She really made me feel comfortable and my husband was very relaxed having his hair done where there was lots of women. :)We have ALWAYS been been helped without an appointment as well as with one.Violet is great too...ANYTIME we have had out hair done by someone new they always make us feel great AND look great too!The new location is easy to get too also.
5	After trying several close-by salons after moving to Goodyear 1.5 years ago, I found this gem! Helia, the owner, gave me the best haircut since another stylist at a different salon gave me a mullet last year)!  Helia is awesome, and I will be back!!!
4	Had cut, roots, and highlights and was very pleased with the experience.  The price seemed fair and the facility was fairly nice.  Not quite upscale but perfectly acceptable.  The girl that did my hair did a fantastic job!
5	I am new to Arizona and was looking for a place to get my hair cut. I'm telling you I had a hair emergency!  Coming from a small town where there was no good place to get a good hair cut it had been awhile! I found most places don't like to deal with a female that just wants a cut and not color as there is not as much $$ to be made. That's how it was where I came from anyways. Also had enough bad cuts in the last several years to leave me paranoid. The first thing I did was check "Yelp" and found Vega Salon to have great reviews. No big bells and whistles to leave me intimidated on the first visit. I actually got an appt. that very day and got "Julie". I will never have to look again. She was ready the minute I walked in. A very good start!  She asked me exactly what I wanted. I have very fine hair and I realize it's hard to work with. I said I needed it cut for some volume. But did ask to PLEASE not cut it short. I don't have the face for short,short hair and that had been a problem in the past. It takes real long for it to grow back as well. I also said I do need a color but after summer as the pool water would just ruin it. She was not pushy at all and agreed it would be best to wait. She continued to ask about the lengths she was needing to cut. I realized that I would lose a bit of length due to the lack of trimmings in the past. In 30 mins. She had washed cut and blow dried my hair exactly how I wanted it. No chatter on the phone or stopping to chat with others (huge plus) kept a polite conversation with me the entire time but not over bearing and allowed me to relax. I was charged $25 and found it more then fair. I did wish I knew I needed to ask to have my hair style (extra charge) I would have happily paid but was still very satisfied. She gave me a pamphlet of all the salons menu and fees. I left feeling beautiful with a healthy head of hair. Best of all my husband LOVED the cut and said it made me look younger. I will be returning at the end of summer for a color. Great place!
1	Well, I was wrong. I admit it. I wanted to love this place, I really did.  Walking in for the appointment I'd made a month before to get my hair done for my college graduation, I discover my stylist (who's also the owner) of Vega, Helia, starting a walk-in client's hair. My appointment was at 1:00 PM and at 1:45, I was still not in the chair. Helia spent 15 minutes playing with the client's baby while I waited.  Graduation was at 6 and I didn't have time to get my nails done too because I had to wait for her to finish the walk-in client.  It was absolutely ridiculous!!  While I was waiting, I noticed dark hair in the brushes she was using that were NOT MINE!! To top if off, there was not one jar of Barbicide in the shop that I could see. Think I'll be looking elsewhere for a hairstylist.
5	I was very nervous to try a new salon as the girl who used to do my hair was wonderful and I've been devoted to her for  the entire 10 years I've lived in AZ. But Olga @ Vega Salon hooked me up!! I went from long drab to totally fab, with a Short A-line Bob that totally suits my face shape. Also she did a great job of adding highlights with an all over color!! You go Olga & Vega Salon...I'll be back!!! And I'm telling my friends!
5	I love the way my hair comes out every time!!! After always going to Tony&Guy and paying outrageous prices and having to come back for some mess up's...word of mouth got me here and I've been coming here for 4 years ...I absolutely love Vega salon and always look foward to my next visit! I absolutely recommend Vega Salon!
