3	Well my wife and I rented a property from this company for 1 year and they were really easy to deal with and got all of the problems fixed in a timely manner aswell as following up and checking to make sure issues were resolved.
5	I have a rental property in Las Vegas that I needed professionally managed. I tried doing it myself but too many headaches and very hard to find good tenants. These folks found good tenants fast and did everything to get them approved and in my rental with no headaches. Very friendly staff and effective, highly recommended!
1	Well its 2014. Just wanted to point that out on the off chance that anyone at Quality Real Estate would bother jumping on the internets and actually use some of these technological thingies.I have been, reliably and quite merrily, transferring funds to and fro since 2000 using paypal. Likewise my bank has enabled its clients with similar options for years. And yet, the folks over at "Quality" real estate can not even be bothered to make a drop box available.,,,forget about paying online or transferring funds. Its like 1945 over there...with the office closing at lunch...Im like just waiting for someone to tell me "Golly Gee Mr.. No need to get all in a tizzy...you with your fancy gadgets." And forget about mailing your rent in. Read what happened to poor Natalie and her BF below. After months of ALWAYS paying my rent on time,in person.... if you counted up my lost lunch hours, Id say I've lost about 36 hours of my life...gone....adios..when paying your rent SHOULD ONLY TAKE about 5 MINUTES. IT'S 2014 PEOPLE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!While I research if these policies are legal or can be changed,  you would be wise to find another property or insist the owner find another management company. I dont give this kind of service to my customers. Hell, if there's a way I can help people pay me....Im all over that. REALLY. Cant watch a quick youtube on how to accept online payments? Cant have a 10 minute talk with your banker on setting up a Merchant payment option? Thats weak guys. Seriously....Weak.
5	I have read the comments from others from the point of renters.   I and my wife have used this company for almost 20 years to manage our rental house in Vegas.   First I would like to say we tried renting it once ourselves.   We rented to an enlisted military couple who we thought would be responsible.   They decided watering the grass cost too much so shut off the sprinklers.   That totally destroyed the front and back yards.   They lived like pigs and when the left the house had a smell that could only be fixed by repainting the entire place and Cloroxing the floors.   We had to use the entire deposit to clean it up.   The yard was gone so we replaced it with rock.    Then we got Quality as our management company.     If you renters who made a review had problems then I would have to say you need to consider things from the owners stand point.   We do not want our houses trashed.  Second,  as owners we have made every effort not to be slum lords.  We have kept everything working well and did not go with the cheapest possible.  We put in a good quality fridge and dish washer,   an Ecostar air conditioner and have done what we could to keep costs down for the renters.   We inspect once a year and we are very quick to fix things or upgrade things if the renters have suggestions.   And Quality makes it all happen.     IMHO if you renters have a problem with Quality it is actually a result of the instructions given by the owners.   Some owners are slum lords and do not want to spend a dime if they do not have to.   I suggest to renters that if you have problems,   you ask Quality to find you a better home,  and not go slamming Quality.In regards to the comments about rent payments.   Quality has been in the same office for decades.   You have a checking account.  You can put Quality down as a regular payment and arrange for the bank to PAY them each month.   It will all be done automatically and the bank will have proof Quality got paid.    What is so hard about that?    It will save you 44 cents a month on mailing the check too.
1	IF YOU ARE A HOMEOWNER AND TRYING TO USE THIS COMPANY TO DO BUSINESS............... RUN!!!!! the owner and management staff are the rudest people that you can possibly work with. They have a zero communication policy from my understanding because they will never let you know what is going on with your property unless you inquire and follow up. Everytime there is a problem you have to do most of the leg work if you want to find out any details. Not sure if the company was sold but i have been with them for 5 years and the last year has been the most disastrous i have experienced. There are numerous rental companies, id try another one prior to resorting to them.
