4	This nice little West End branch of Pizza Express doesn't look like much from the outside; it gives the impression that's it's just another branch of this popular chain. Once you're inside and led through to the back of the restaurant, it opens out into a conservatory area that's perfect for enjoying a pizza on a light summer's evening. I am always able to get a table here at short notice, even if it means popping over to Mathers for half an hour for an aperitif. The staff are friendly and on my last visit were surprisingly tolerant of me and three drunken friends, who were the last diners to leave the restaurant by a long shot. Even my hard to please boyfriend likes this place and that is praise indeed.
4	There's not many restaurants, at least in the U.K, that manage to absolutely boss the whole pizza making process.  Pizza Express can be proud to say it's one of these well established pizzerias.Edinburgh hosts a heavy dose of Pizza Express restaurants and they all have the same clean, crisp and reliable qualities many diners have come to expect from Pizza Express.This West End (of Princes St) branch, however, houses a pleasant outdoor (candlelit in the evening) seating area that helps define it from the rest. Sat outside on a summers evening, glass of wine and tasty Pizza at hand, this West End branch is a great shout after a 'hard' days shopping.
2	I thought the Pizza Express restaurant in Glasgow was the worlds most boring place to eat but alas the one in Edinburgh is boredom of equal measure. So, Pizza Express pizzas are good but do they really deserve to have a restaurant? I don't know what came first, the chicken or the egg? The Pizza Express restaurant or the Pizza Express pizzas in supermarkets? I'm guessing the restaurant came first but either way buying one of these bad boys in ASDA and slobbing out on the couch is a much better way to eat them.Everything about this place is dull, the decor, the lighting and the fact that everything is made to look as fancy as possible. Do yourself a favour and just buy one of the pizzas at your local supermarket, stick it in the oven and eat it at home.
3	I really like going to Pizza Express - the food is brilliant. So let's start here. Whenever I go I  either have the tuna salad or chicken pesto pasta with red onion - the latter is delicious but the former is better for the hips. The wine is always freezing, which I absolutely love and the staff are friendly.So, I assumed that all branches of this restaurant would be the same! But I'm sad to report this particular branch wasn't so great. The staff barely noticed my table and took about 25 minutes to take a drink order. I wouldn't mind, but the restaurant was dead. Their wine, which is usually freezing, was quite warm and the food was burnt. I was really disappointed in the Queensferry overall experience, but it didn't put me off Pizza Express in general.
4	I had to waste an hour so I stopped in Sunday at lunch time for a starter and a coffee. The servers were mostly dealing with families having brunch so they were either pretty busy or relaxed. But they were really good about wandering by to make sure I had what I needed. I ordered a mushroom starter and there was a small bug on the plate when it came. Minuscule in size really, it probably just came from the mushrooms and if I had washed them myself I probably would have missed it too. So I told the waitress and just asked for a new starter. No need to get crazy, stuff like that happens. They were super apologetic though and brought me a new one that they double checked. When I eventually asked for the bill they told me it was taken care of because they felt badly. It was really sweet! The food was really good (minor setback aside) but the 4 stars is for the service, they were excellent!
