4	Went for my birthday, again lolThey opened recently, it's an all you can eat korean bbq place. The service is a bit dodgy so expect to wait a bit so don't go if you're in a rush.When we were there they had some problems with the ventilation, so expect to smell when you leave.The place looks nice, the tables all have a gas fire pit in the middle, so you can cook your food right at the table, it's closer to the way we see it in other major cities.Montreal is a bit behind the trend concerning korean food, compared to TO, Vancouver and NYC...  but this place will bring us closer.Like all Korean bbq places in mtl you get a few side dishes, always kim chi, bean sprouts, stewed potatoes and some sea weed, daicon pickles, fried tofu... that's about 6 sides which is more than usual, i think the average is about 3 usually in mtl, so on that point, that's good.of the sides, the potatoes are quite good, the rest are just average. There are over 20 sides that I've come to know, so we are far behind. I once was served 14 sides in NYC, just the sides alone filled me up that time...On to the food, you basically order by the type of meat you want. On this point there is quite a bit to choose from, you have chicken, lamb, beef, beef short rib, pork, shrimp (with head and peel), fish, squid, sausage, veggies. nb: bbq shrimp should be had with head and peel, the flavor is deeper and the shrimp stays moist once cooked. You should at least suck on the head if you don't want to eat it. I eat the whole thing from head to tail, and I like it, it's a bit of an acquired taste, but if you peel the shrimp it will taste quite unsatisfying since it will taste bland like boiled shrimp...The meat comes in small portions, usually 2-3 pieces. Which is good since you can order a wide variety and reorder what you like after... We tried the beef, beef short rib, squid, shrimp, fish, sausage and some veggies. I strongly recommend the short rib!!! I was quite impressed with it, it was fresh and the cut is quite thick, I'd say about half an inch thick cooked. it was tender and juicy. very nice, i've never had it quite so thick but I like it. (update feb 2012, the thickness is less but still thicker than other places)We didn't try any chicken or pork because my friend wasn't so keen on it, but i wish we had, I want to try it!!! you can also order rice with your order if you want.The menu also offers, some starters like miso soup and salads and edamame, and a variety of sushi rolls.The starters are nice, nothing impressive but they do enhance the experience. The sushi is standard also, however the fish is quite fresh. I'm really impressed with the freshness of the meats and fish in this place, considering it's 21.99 $ per person all you can eat!!! (23.99 friday to sunday)My one problem is they don't bring out the dipping sauce with the meat, we had to ask them for it. When we got the sauce, it turned out to be gochuchang, which is Korean hot paste. Traditionally, they eat korean bbq with bean paste, this I find strange that they offer gochuchang, but in any case I always eat my bbq with gochuchang so I'm not complaining :)Also usually proper Korean bbq is accompanied with raw garlic and sliced jalapenos and scallions for you to grill, all 3 are absent here, sadly I didn't bother to ask so no idea if they even have it on demand... Another standard item missing here is lettuce, peculiarly enough, lettuce is available to order for an additional 1.50$ what the? really, you are gonna milk me for lettuce?The traditional way to eat korean bbq is to wrap it in the lettuce, inside you put the meat, garlic, scallions and whatever other sides you wish to put in like pickled radish and kim chi. So on this point, no this is not a comprehensive Korean bbq service, but then again, none of the places in mtl are... but taste wise it is good, and I like it. as a side note, I really wish we get a real Korean bbq joint where they use wood charcoal in the pit instead of gas. You get much better heat distribution and a nicer char on the meat, plus the bbq flavor really comes out. so if you happen to find a place like that anywhere you should try it :)we ended with some ice cream, nothing special but nice to have something to cleanse your palate with, it's not persimmon tea but hey let's not ask for too much at once...So on the strength of the meat quality, the price/quality ratio, side dish variety and advancing the Korean bbq scene in mtl, I give it 4 stars (compared to other mtl bbq places) even though my korean friends would curse me lol. I will definitely go back.
4	Really had been looking forward to this place opening. All you can eat Korean BBQ at a great price with excellent service. I suggest evening as lunch menu is limited. definitely very fun meal if you go with a group!!!!
4	As my first time trying Korean BBQ, I wasn't sure what to expect and I have nothing else to compare it to. I'm generally not too adventurous when it comes to trying Asian or exotic cuisine but I greatly enjoyed Seoul Chako.First off, it's a beautiful place. I eat with the eyes and my mouth and it's always nice being surrounded by good company and a nice environment. Their decor is really modern, it has that "loungy" look with the changing ambiance lights from their entrance, to the bar and booths. Even their bathroom, especially the sink,  is gorgeous!I went on a Friday, around 6 pm. It was just the perfect time to go as it wasn't crowded and we obtained really fast service. As the evening goes on, it does tend to fill up quick. We got everything we wanted, whenever we wanted.It helps if you are sitting somewhere near the bar, where everyone is working, or if you make eye contact occasionally with the server, otherwise they might not check up on you as often.The food isn't complicated,  I didn't get a chance to sample much but it was tasty.I got the beef slices, spare ribs and chicken. Slight inconvenience with the chicken is that it's cut thicker than the other meats and takes a little bit more time to cook.There's a few selection of side dishes like appetizers and meats to choose from.I found the vegetables a little odd, as the onions, green peppers, or sweet potato for example are raw and flavorless. Putting them on the grill dried them out and I wish I knew what kind of sauces or marinades would help.An important thing worth mentioning, is that in order to discourage waste, they charge 1$ for every piece of leftover meat. I suggest ordering things you know you will like first. Ask your waiter if you aren't sure of something or look at the tables around you.Every order of meat comes in a portion of about 4 pieces.There is also a few dessert choices included in the meal, the mango ice cream and pudding are delicious. I had quite a few order of those and couldn't get over the freshness and taste. The actual chunks of mango in the pudding give it a great texture.The only drawbacks were price. I found 23$ a person on weekends a little bit much. It's a couple dollars cheaper during the week or for lunch and the menu barely varies. I also wish there was a drink included in the meal, a simple soda or tea would do.Overall, the food is good, perhaps not mind blowing as you're cooking it yourself...but it's a great experience, definitely fun and engaging. The grill is well designed, self ventilated and clean for each customer.I recommend this place for a date, when you aren't rushed to eat and enjoy talking or as a group outing.
3	The selection isn't the best I've had in terms of Korean BBQ, however, what you do get tastes quite good! I ordered plenty of shrimp, fish, beef and chicken. The vegetables I ordered weren't the freshest so they came out quite dry, apart from that, the menu doesn't deliver numerous options like other (better) Korean BBQ places do (especially my favorite one on Monkland). Nonetheless, if you're in the downtown area and in the mood for a 30$ all you can eat Korean BBQ, give it a taste! Maybe you'll like it, maybe it'll be average.
5	eric van nguyen 's review: I have been going to this restaurant for at least 5-6 times in less than 3 months and i'm still not bored of it yet!! This restaurant is probably the best korean restaurant there is in montreal. Why do i say the best? #1 Spotless and clean. I have been to several korean bbq in montreal or toronto and this is probably the cleanest korean i have ever went. Maybe because it's new but i find that the table , the sushi bar and i had a small peek at the kitchen and everything looks under control.The bathroom are spotless and i love the 2  "VIP" bathroom. (I used to worked at a restaurant for a few years)#2- Food Meal portion are huge and on an "all you can eat" basis. Since it's all you can eat you would think they would go for cheap small portion but wow the salmon pieces for the grill are very decent. Everything is calculated. If i'm not mistaken they give 4-6 pieces per portion so you don't get any surprise! #3- ServicesThe waiter are all cool and speak french or english and they actually understand what you are saying and not just saying okay okay and bring you stuff you didn't order or super big portion that you have to finish or you will get charged. #4-  Ventilation Not doubt you will smell like bbq after eating there so be prepare!! But unlike other restaurant you dont smell that bad! I went to several Korean bbq place in Montreal and the ventilation was so bad i had problem breathing other place had fake or broken ventilation! #5- PriceSure it's not the cheapest but after all it's a buffet and fresh stuff that you get and unlimited how can anyone beat that!? Sushi - Korean - Desert for me it's a really good deal! #6- WaterNice big glass of water to wash down the fat is always nice. Plus they refill it often even though it's a big glass.#7- Grill There is actually a guy changing the grill on your table as often you like so use him or he will loose his job :) Cons:#1- Banquet The wooden seat are crap they hurt your butt after seating more than 30min. The location of the "gaz stove" is too big and the guy or girl that sit in the middle will have to be either small or spread their legs for the whole time! So next time you go eat their and take a banquet make sure you are not the guy stuck in the middle !!#2- The grill 2-3 person is okay but more than that its war! The banquet is made to sit probably 4-6 person but the grill is so small that some people will have to wait until they get a free space to grill something to eat.Next time dont bring too many friends! :) Overall great place to go. Not the cheapest meal you can get but for the value it's probably the best thing you can get. Cheers,Eric Van Nguyen
1	Not impressed. Name of restaurant does not live up to what they serve.I don't think it's even Korean bbq .They marinate the meat in some simple way, a bit tasteless actually,  that is not typically Korean I find. Korean bbq marinated meat.... It's usually a bit sweet and packs a lot more flavor. The fried dumplings were actually quite terrible, the filling was mushy inside and had a bad texture. And the kimchi, well...I'm no kimchi expert, but it didn't taste very appetizing. It was not sour enough for my liking. Service was inconsistent. I was served by 6 or 7 different people. Dinner cost was overpriced. $21.99 for all you can eat. Plus was, meat seemed fresh, came in nice small portions. Service was also generally pleasant. Atmosphere was close to high-end, the walls changed colors....reminded me a bit of a club, Anyway I would not pay 21.99$ for this kind of food. I'd prefer to pay the lunch price which is 13.99$.
3	I went to Seoul Chako yesterday with my girlfriend during lunch hour. Normally 13.99, we had student discounts that reduced the price to 10 dollars. There were very few people in the restaurant while we were there, I'd say 3-4 other patrons at the most (keep in mind this is a hot Thursday noon).  AMBIANCE:Top-notch. This is a very new restaurant, and the interior design and amnesties show that. Each table has their own grill, and it's a very high-tech one at that. They have their own inbuilt ventilation system that takes away the messiness and teary eyes usually associated with grilling your own food. SERVICE:Quick and professional, though i wasn't particularly used to the way we ordered the food. Unlike similar asian buffet restaurants such as Tokyo/Kanda/Crescent sushi,  you don't write your order down on a piece of paper; instead the waiter comes around every so often to take your order. As a result we had to order food 3 times, a needless stress really. FOOD:Here is where Seoul Chako falls a bit short. In one word, food is SALTY. Everything from the meat, to the soups, to the sushi. I had to down 2 glasses of water during the meal. Beef is definitely the highlight on the menu, it is tender and tasty. Short ribs were hard to cook, and overly fatty. The chicken and octopus were way too salty for my liking. Sushi is also served here, though they aren't as good as Tokyo Sushi across the street. All in all, I would highly recommend this to any students who can get their hands on coupons (and man are they plentiful). Worth it for 10 bucks, not sure whether or not the normal priced lunch/dinner would be as good as a deal.
5	let us see, the atomsphere is excelent no ouder. The service is vey fast and the simle on the serving people and thier appearance.The BBQ short Rib so sweet and tender, The sliced beef is prime Rib mouse watering, the squid is very good prime qulity food, and the Veggies you BBQ is just outsatnding. second, the sushi role the sallmon is very nice peace and tender. Just samllthing lunch on Saturday is 14.95$...what can i say for such fresh qulity tender sweet food. If you do not visit once your missing on aa whole a lot.Please write me back tell me I am right or wrong !
4	Great place in a neighborhood full of good ethnic food.  I got a table right next to St. Catherine so I could watch the parade of oddballs ambling about, and got the BBQ setup on my table.  Took a while to figure out how to avoid cooking too fast or slow, but eventually I became a BBQ master - the key is to keep the flame just going so you can cook at the same pace you eat.  Awesome.  Service was quick as well.
4	Service: Great, efficient, water is refilled frequently, and they change your grilling plate upon request; however it'll be great if the waitress was a tad friendlier.Food: amazing, the lamb slices (Fri-Sun only) and ox tongue are must-try. The miso soup is not very salty, so one can enjoy the actual taste of miso paste. The cold dishes are delicious, I recommend the kimchi and the bean sprout.The pork bone soup I had was somehow sour (probably spoiled), and the seaweed salad did not taste good at all.The ice cream were wonderful. However their lychee jelly tasted like lemonade with gelatin...I would recommend this place only if you are a fan of Korean BBQ, since the price is a little bit high.
2	The food was decent.Our service was terrible. I say 'our' service because it's only fair to note that it really was one jackass, rude waiter who spoiled the meal for the entire group of us (20!).  The manager was nice and apologetic when I told her my opinion, and she said it was her fault - which is true, in a way - they should have had more staff available.  But she was nice enough.Our waiter, hope you don't get him! Rude, short, threw food down, argued with us, cut us off, made the dinner and paying the check as difficult as possible. My review would have been one star if the manager hadn't been so apologetic and made me believe a lot of our experience was because of the server, not the establishment.
4	Very busy restaurant on a Tuesday night!Service: Ok, had to ask a few times to make sure we had our order. Waitress was really nice. Food: good, comparing to amazing in San Francisco. We were six guests... we had about everything on the menu. I recommended the Kimchi & the Edamame. All the meats were well marinated.I would recommend this place only if you are a fan of Korean BBQ
4	Mmmmm Korean BBQ:) I first discovered it while living in  LA and I took to it instantly!Ahh the aroma of chargrilled meat, tender, marinated, smoky perfection dipped in spicy, tasty sauces, definitely one of my favorites:)I fiound Seoul Chako by chance and what a discovery it was!I was on my way to Grummun 78 to pick up a few tacos and was lucky enough to find parking a block away. As I got out of my car, the heavenly smell of charcoaled meat grabbed my attention, I looked around to see where it was coming from and right infront of my car was Seoul Chako.They had a little terasse outside which was packed with people grilling their meat so I decided to check out the menu at the front door which mentioned an all you can eat lunch time buffet.I'm not really a buffet girl, although I love food, I don't eat a ton but the smell and my memories of korean BBQ made me go in.The host told me that the lunch time buffet ended at 3pm, it was now 2:30, so he said that I would only be able to order once.I sat down at a table, my centre piece grill was lit and he gave me my little form to fill out my choicesFor 13.99$ you get your pick of a variety of cuts of beef, chicken and shrimp is also on the menu.A few salads, sushi and green tea of mango ice cream for desert.I have always had eyes bigger then my mouth and suddenly I felt starved. I asked my waiter how much meat was on a plate and he said 4 pieces, which didn;t sound like much. I ordered 2 plates of meat, a plate of chicken, 2 bowls of rice, a California roll, a salad and a vegetable plate. I paid my bill in advance, I am not  really a patient type of girl, once I'm done eating, I like to run.I then started reading through the menu again and saw a note at the bottom saying, do not waste food, you will be charged a 1$ for each wasted piece,hmmmmmm....maybe I was a little greedy and piggish and ordered a little too much? Within a few minutes my waiter is back with a scary amount of food!4 plates of meat, yes 4, not the 2 I ordered, a plate of chicken, 2 rice bowls, sushi and salad and me in a booth....I started slinking down in my seat, feeling very piggish, how the hell am I going to eat all this??That thought was quickly cast aside and I started digging into my meal....I arranged some meat, onions and mushrooms on my grill and started on my little salad..A pretty simple one but fresh, crisp chunks of lettuce with a tasty dressing, nothing special but still good.The sushi was your typical California roll, I had one piece then pushed it aside,Back to my meat....In a nuthshell, melt in your mouth goodness, rich, well marinated with just the right amount of marbling to make it delicious!After finishing one plate of meat and rice, I started feeling nervous, I cannot eat all this and I cannot just leave it all on the table!There was a group of guys behind me eating, who just asked the waiter for more meat but it was past 3, so no meat for you:)I popped my head over and asked them, do you guys want my meat? They gave me a weird look but said yes.My table was still overloaded and I was stuffed, so I cooked the rest and decided to bring it home to my shih tzu.My stomach was full but I was in the mood for something sweet, so I ordered the mango ice cream, to finish things off:)It came within a few minutes,  a perfect little portion in a cute little square bowl,Sweet, fruity, creamy goodness, great finish to all the meat.All in all, a delicious treat, I will be back, this time with company:)
4	Very good! A lot of choice ! Worth if you eat a lot! Do not go if you are vegetarian though!!!
5	This is my favorite Korean grill in Montreal. Mmmmm.. We come here at least twice a month if not more. So, let's break it down.It's an all-you-can-eat BBQYou cook your own foodYou can pick between a bunch of different meats and seafoodBut, it doesn't stop there!There's sushi....there are salads....there's edemame....there are raw veggies.....there are fries....and there's ice cream! How can you go wrong?!The waiters are always happyThe food is super duper freshAnd did I mention that it's an all-you-can-eat BBQ????In all seriousness though, the food really is quite good here.. Well marinated and well cut. The only thing I'm really not a fan of here is the chicken.. But that's just because of the marinade. Other than that, my mouth is totally watering and I wish it wasn't close to midnight so I could run over there and devour everything on that menu right now!Go check it out, and please don't go if you have to be somewhere important after. Why?? Because you will stink like BBQ.......for a very long time!
4	cool bbq!
4	I liked the food a lot but the service needs to improve a bit more to get that fifth star.
4	First off, i want to start by mentionning that i went here for lunch around 2pm ! Apparently its very different from dinner. Nonetheless i somewhat like it, here`s the gist : Fun & classy deco with comfortable dinner type/lounge benches - big wide tables & cool blueish/eclectic lighting . How it works : you sit down, look at the menu & write down on a little note pad available to you on the table with pencils, the number of the item of foods you want & their quantity. Example : Lets say grilled beef is numer 15 on the menu, you write down 15 & next to it 1 or 2 depending on the portion you want !You can choose a variety of meats, vegetables & entrees such as samosas , spring rolls & sushis . There is also desserts , i had some mango ice cream , it was great ! However i felt like their wasnt enough variety, your typical beef, pork or chicken , some vegetables & a select few entrees...but i was told it was for the lunch menu & that for dinner, it was much more complete with things like sea food & many other vegetables addded. All in all the food had great taste & it was fun to grill it yourself while chatting up with a friend, the meats cooked pretty quickly , and i like mine very well cooked not bloody at all.So i'm defnitely curious to go back for Dinner. Oh also, i went there with a friend but i think it would be much more fun as a group ! Only down side was that i felt a little rushed by the waiters & they seemed pretty hyper & in a hurry. But i later found out that it was because the restaurant closes from 3 to 5 i think, to switch from lunch to dinner time. Still it made the experience less enjoyable
1	Place have a very poor customer service. Rushed as to pay and workers complained right in front of us. Workers are rude placing plates without saying anything. Too pricey and food not that good. Not coming back here.
5	All you can eat? Korean BBQ? I'm sold.This place is almost too good to be true. The wait staff was amazingly friendly and quick. We had several orders of the beef and beef ribs. Both were absolutely delicious...and we loved cooking it ourselves. We prefer the beef ribs slightly charred like my boyfriends mom makes at home. We also had the pickled veggies and dumpling. I absolutely loved the pickled daikon, cucumbers and carrots. The dumplings were deep fried, and while they were quite good, I think I prefer pan fried dumplings (potstickers or gyoza). Also, the lychee martini was amazing, and if it hadn't been so hot out, I'd probably have had a few more. They were some of the cheapest cocktails around. (I think 5.75 cad or something).The only hiccup was the internet was down so they couldn't take cards or print a bill, but they did have an ATM so we were able to grab cash out right on the spot.This place made our trip from BTV to Montreal worth it. I would drive back just to have dinner here.
2	I was pretty shocked to learn that Mtl now had a legit Korean BBQ place, so naturally my expectations were raised. In comparison to Korean you can get in Toronto, this place is generic.The marinades on the meats leave much to be desired. While the freshness is evident, the "Korean" flavor is diluted.
5	This is one of my fav Korean bbq place..Mmm all you can eat :) I'm happy.  Weekend tends to be really busy now and long wait.  You can call for reservations now I believe.  They finally have soju after asking 50mil times.  Customer service is great.  They change the grill when i ask them.  One time they accidentally spilled on me but they made it up with a bottle of soju..I'm happy to drink..sure! Thanks will come again :) Yes, you have to cook/grill your own food otherwise learn or don't come. It's a good experience.
5	What a great experience!  We went in for the Korean BBQ, and were very impressed by the size of the plates that were offered. Two big hungry guys were stuffed after two rounds and barely had room for dessert. I am looking forward to going back!
3	An all you can eat Korean BBQ which you grill yourself. A great experience sharing food among friends. Their system of ordering food using a tablet was very efficient. However, service is somewhat slow sometimes. Price is also a bit high. Their food really shines through and everything tasted fresh. I would come back again.
2	Beautifully decorated group room but the service was mediocre and when I paid my tab I kinda felt ripped off.Food:  7/10Service:  5/10Price:  3/10Atmosphere:  10/10
1	The raw food were prepared great but with poor explanation and very poor service. We arrived at 10:30and been told we only can do last shot so why not we were fine and glad to obey the rule.However they gave us the bill which we paid immediately before all food delivered except the deserts and ask for tips twice! How horrible someone kept asking for your money! I said I will leave it on the table.. And they just kept ask for that!!!! How creepy! I will not recommend to anyone who want to enjoy his/her dinner or lunch . FYI they served DIY BBQ so you have to cook it yourself I am fine with that cause I am from canton. But I felt confused the time I walked in . No one tell me what s going on there! I thought it s a full service restaurant.
3	Well, I go there very often mostly because it is close to my school. Some of my friends love it some don't. Basically I always order the same thing like bimbimbap. Btw the potatoes they offer are really good ;)
4	Where to start! This is definitely a restaurant I have been to several times over the course of 2-3 years. And I can tell you that not once have I walked away from this restaurant feeling down or unsatisfied. The customer service is simple. Because it's the customers who are cooking the food (besides sushi and anything fried), it's not a surprise that the customer service isn't as individualized. The staff is expected to just bring the ingredients, fill your water glasses, and take away the empty plates. And what's great is that if you order too many plates, they will warn you of the consequences and see to it that you take only a third or half of those plates. Besides, it's not over if you finish everything and still want more. You're always welcome to send in a new order slip to them. Just leave it on the table and they'll come pick it up. If the metal grill, on which you cook the meat, seafood, and veggies, gets soiled, a waiter will come around to change it. And you don't even have to ask them to sometimes. Same with the refilling of water. I am aware that some reviewers have had problems with reservations, but when it comes to the actual service of food, there are few to no complaints. Now onto the exciting part: the meat. For carnivores like me, this is perhaps a restaurant that will have your heart's desires in mind. They serve very juicy and tender meat, that is, if you cook it well enough. They serve a large variety of meat, and you may be able to try all that they offer if you go at dinner time. My favourites are the spare ribs and ox tongue. The chewiness of the latter appeals to me. And spare ribs are very commonly used in Korean BBQ. The only meat I would refrain from is the chicken. It tends to come out very dry and nearly flavourless. Shame, for chicken is one type of food I crave most days. All the vegetables come out fresh and can be eaten uncooked, but I would highly recommend cooking the mushrooms at least. In fact, I love the mushrooms so much I order at least 3 plates of them. Anyway, at any restaurant offering Korean BBQ, mushrooms are a popular accompaniment. And of course, if you're not too keen on the veggies, there are soups and salads along with non-BBQ dishes, like dumplings and sushi, to choose from. Heck, they even have french fries and popcorn chicken. Yes, you heard me right. French fries. After all's been said and eaten, you can never go wrong with unlimited ice cream. As I always tell my friends when I go to an all-you-can-eat place, I have a second stomach for ice cream. In my most recent visit, I had 4 bowls of ice cream. Each bowl equals one scoop by the way, so I fortunately did not get brain freeze. Just be careful of what time you go at and how much they charge you. If you come near the end of the lunch period, you will have to pay the dinner fee, which is higher of course. But at least you'll be offered a larger variety of food. And sometimes if you come in large groups, your receipt may indicate a slightly different total price from the other receipts, even in the case when everyone has ordered the same things and nothing requiring extra charges.
1	Beware! Horrible service. We went to all you can eat lunch and if you leave meat on the plate the waiter will charge you extra at the end of lunch. The meat looked like dog food with no flavor. I left the place wanting to throw up. Never again!!!!!!
4	Good service, waiter is very polite. Food came in very quickly after you order. Bbqing is great!! It's great to go there with friends, cooking and chit chatting at the same time. If there's a line up, it can be very long. Make sure to trek your name and #of people you're with to the waitress inside (she holds a list with her at all times)
3	This place do have great food! The short ribs are great. I would admit that when you do order they all come out in really small portions. So if you do go then double the order, because their costumer service sucks! After our first order they never came back to check on us. It wasn't even busy! I understand if it was, but they didn't have much customers and none of them smile! We had to flag them down every time we wanted something. Also, when we wanted to order more stuff they didn't come out with all our orders. We were missing a few! Other than that the food IS good and the ice cream as well. If you do go to this place, make sure to double the order!
2	Since this is Montreal, I didn't have high expectations for Korean bbq, but I wanted to give this place a try cus my friends here were so curious about it. The marinade was definitely not Korean....more like Chinese diluted to adhere to the typical sweetness of western food. It tasted cheap. I advise people to get drunk so you can forget about the bland taste and just keep eating. As I looked around, I felt bad for the people who are eating this, thinking this is actually Korean. I gave it one more star only because the price is relatively cheap: but remember that you get what you pay for.
3	We just went there on a Saturday afternoon without any expectations but just to try something new. We were not disappointed actually. We enjoyed the experience more than the food. Each table is equipped with a BBQ grill where you grill your food yourself. The service is pretty slow hence you it's better to order in advance. Out of all chicken theriyala was my favorite.
5	Love this place. For $14.99, all you can eat Korean BbQ is a huge deal. I love the short ribs the most, so tender and tasty. I don't know if it's true but on the menu it stated that you would be charged $1 for each piece left-over. The all you can eat menu includes sushi and ice cream as well. Definitely will come back when i visit Montreal again
1	One of the worst Korean foods I've ever had in my life. It's likely owned by non-Korean.  The meats were very low quality and you have to ask to have the grill switched.  The fire is too strong that the meat gets burned too quickly before getting cooked.  You also receive food you didn't order - especially deep fried and sushi that seemed like it was on the fridge and they just re-heated.  The service was also horrible as they never came by and I had to bring water on the counter myself for my friend.  STAY AWAY!!!Food: 1/5 (watery meat in small portions so if you decide to go, order more - the spareribs and beef were very fatty and too much cartilage) Service: 1/5 (you have to ask them to switch the grill which is horrible for a Korean BBQ as they should do it often so you don't get char on all your meats - if your meat is not marinated well, the sauce will burn on the grill and create more char) Ambience: 2/5 (it's loud and not well ventilated at all so very smokey)Price: 1/5 (way too expensive almost $30 per person for very poor food and service)
5	Absolutely luv this place it's like a second home to me and my girl. If we can't decide we default to this place. Sake is cheep and good too!
4	Great place and great food. Selection of food was tasty. Do keep a special lookout for the lamb and selected beef (to die for). For dessert you HAVE to try the litchi jello! I had about 5 of them lol :) My only caviar is that the service could be improved slightly.
2	The price is not bad, but I would have expected better for it. The meat was bland, with only the short ribs and pork being decent. The side dishes didn't make sense, they were very "Americanized", and I don't understand why you have to pay extra money for lettuce. The price isn't that much extra, but it's the concept. Isn't meat more expensive than lettuce? Why is that unlimited...
2	They pick up your food and not far from where is my table, just next to the entrance, there's a bin where the empty dishes go. The waiter throw the dishes instead of putting the dishes in the bin and that is so noisy for the ears. The noise seemed to be forever. The design of the table were nice and our waiter also.
2	not bad... but because i couldnt eat meat i just try frise and sushi no... no. i ate befor better sushi in other bars...
4	Good KBBQ for groups.Good environment Lot of choice Various price with different time Close late night for night out
3	First, Seoul Chako is pricey. It costs more for dinner than for lunch but you get a much bigger selection as well as a friendlier staff if you're willing to wait and pay more. It is mainly a place to socialize with a group of friends. It gets noisy at times but it's about what you would expect at a BBQ. Also, the restaurant is usually rather full and the waiters might take a while to notice you. The food itself is nothing to rave about, but they offer a nice selection of a bit of everything. For meat lovers, the short ribs and white fish are particularly delicious. The food can burn quickly so it is especially important to change the grill every so often when it starts to stick. Overall, it's a good place to fill your stomach with meat and chat with friends.
