1	It's hard to make bad pizza, but Papa Sams makes bad pizza. You take a bite and the cheese slides off in a sheet of cheese. It almost like the cheese isn't even baked on there but microwaved? I tried it twice to see if maybe I got a bad pie, but they were both terrible. Chicago style? I think not.
5	I have lived in the area for a long time.  This place has the BEST pizza, I think it is the best in the area.  I will no longer be ordering from Hungry Howies or anywhere else around here.  Their Italian Beef is delicious too!
2	Since it changed from Sam's to Papa Sam's I have ordered them 3 times, 1 time we picked it up for lunch which was VERY GOOD, and two times for dinner delivered BOTH times it took forever and BOTH times the pizza looked like it had slid around in the back seat and it was cold and rubbery.....it's too bad the night shift sort of ruined the place for us!
1	The pizza just didn't taste that good. Other than that, I got two pizzas, one was overcooked - crust on bottom too hard and dry and cheese on top too brown. The other had a topping I didn't ask for, which probably doesn't sound that bad to most, but I find sausage disgusting and digging it out and loosing cheese is no fun. One of the pizzas was supposed to be "double cheese", but there was no difference in the amount of cheese between the two. ..... The service is not that great either, they were kinda rude on the phone.
5	I was born and raised in Chicago.  This place is the closest I have found to Chicago pizza.  Plus they have a broasted chicken that is out of this world!!  His Veal Parmesan is the best also!  I highly recommend this place for all the food.  I have not had a bad meal from here yet.  When this new owner took over, he was a bit slow in getting things going.  But now our food arrives in 35 minutes tops and is always great!!  Give this place  a try.  You will not regret it.
3	I wish I could give it more but the pizza just didn't live up to the billing.  The Good:Wings were very good and super hot on delivery.  Right amount of sauce and tried the honey hot which had just enough kick to match the flavor.  Ranch was below average and put in the container so it was warm when it arrived.  Prices are fair.  Online ordering available and decent specials.The Bad:The pizza had ample toppings, but the crust wasn't quite right.  It lacked flavor and crunch.  For a Chicago thin crust it was on the doughy side.  I've had better, more consistent from Rosatis (which their menu looks like a knock off of) and still prefer Half Moon Windy City to all others in Phoenix.  We will probably try them again and see if it improves.
5	Grew up in Chicago and I have to say this is a quality pie. Crust is not too thin, plenty of toppings and an overall great taste. We have ordered several times and have no complaints - staff is very helpful and food was always hot and fresh!Wings are meaty and crisp - garlic parmasian is excellent!Pizza and wings specials are fantastic deals!Give em a try!
5	I have seen this place change owners several times. The new owner, Jason, has stayed true to old man Sam's recipes. It's newly remodeled, the staff is super friendly and they have great food! I highly recommend this place!
2	Pizza - what's up with the dough? Not a fan of the crust at ALL.We ordered two pizzas and got an order of wings.We still have one and a half pizzas leftover.The wings were pretty decent though!
5	I have been to this place several times, I was never disappointed. great pizza at a decent price; they are among the best.I just don't understand the one star rating; it is like we are reviewing two different establishment.
5	First timers eating from here and the pizza was DELICIOUS! Ordered for pick up because we're so close. We ordered hand tossed and the crust was amazing. We will definitely be ordering from Papa's again!
1	So far the girl that is taking the orders does not like job.  You have to get her to answer questions. We ask how many cannoli in order and she just looked at us and say I don't know and just stood there and looked at my wife. It wasn't until my wife said can you please ask.  She made a face like OMG.  I haven't even tried the food and I already have a bad taste of this place.
1	Yesterday's visit was my first and last time we go back there. We were goon to dine in but decided to get it to go. No acknowledgment at all from the cashier, we sat for right I front of her for like 5 min and didn't make eye contact nor try to take our order. Finally, I had to get up and place my order, she offer me products they were out of stock (I realize this after I had paid) and just had to get whatever was left. Cashier looked like she didn't like her job, had no clue how to operate the register, and did not know anything about the menu. We order pizza, pasta, and cannoli and while ordering had to ask her to please for the information before placing my order. Pizza was good, very flavorful and crust was crunchy just how I like it but pasta on the other hand flavorless and as for cannoli I've taste better.
5	This pizza was delicious, ordered the pepperoni sausage and mushroom almost ate it all bye self. Owner is very professional, great pizza guys!
5	We recently moved from California and searched for our next favorite pizza place. Well, we found it at Papa Sam's! Awesome, delicious pizza consistent every time. We've tried hand tossed and thin crust - both are good depending on your preference. Since discovering Papa Sam's, I would never call a chain restaurant.  We've also had Greek salads which were yummy and calzones - excellent!  My 84 year old mom said tonight, "darn this is delicious pizza!" That says a lot coming from her - believe me :) We highly recommend this restaurant! From, Melissa Morgan
1	Thought we would give this place another try after ordering a few subs here that were okay. So we went for the pizza, one original and one thin crust, wings (hot) and mozzarella sticks. Had way to high hopes for a Chicago style pizzeria. The mozzarella sticks and wings were oven baked, dry and ehh. Pizza was not good at all, although it smells great and looked delicious. I could have cooked that at home. Thumbs down!
