1	On 11-19-10 @ 1:49 PM, I ordered a single hamburger with a bowl of chili.The girl turned the chili pot up on its side to get only a half bowl. Then a guy came over and scraped a little more out of the pot, charged me $5.32 and gave it to me.I ate the hamburger while reading some lit up sign exclaiming that FRESH IS BEST. Then took a spoon of chili and spit it out. I told the girl of the problem and she said she has more chili on the stove and did I want some. No way and I left. I called the number on the receipt to complain and some guy did not want to talk and told me to call the 800 # on the receipt. I told him there was no #. I told him--I will handle this a different way and here it is--I AM A YELPER!I told my wife about it and when I mentioned the location, she told me she hates that place and does not go there. And as you can see, NEITHER WILL I.BOB STEPHENSHowever, most Wendy's are good places to eat.
1	Simply not acceptable. I drove through last night and the kid working the drive thru was too busy "rapping" about his "hustle" to a.) get my order right, and b.) give me my change. The Frosty I ordered was completely melted and might as well have been a lukewarm chocolate milk. This is quite possibly the worst Wendy's location in the area, the service here is consistently awful.
1	Yeah, I have to agree, this place is consistently bad. Because I live so close to this location, I've gone here a few times, usually in the late evening, but I vow no more! The drive-thru is run by a bunch of rapping-gangsta teenagers who curse freely when they "mistakenly" leave their microphone on, come-on to you sexually when you drive up to pay, and serve you food that has been sitting under the heat lamp for too long. I've been served a salad with barely any toppings that are supposed to come with the salad, a burger that was room-temperature at best, and I always feel like I need a shower after conversing with the "slick-talkin' " drive-thru boy.
2	This one is ok. I have learned over the years to always check my order in the drive thru no matter what place it is. I realize fast food is a starter job, (hey I worked at Pizza Hut), but the "kids" that work here need a punch in the mouth or a firing. Or both.
4	Ordered 2 Monterey chicken sandwiches, added tomato in the drive thru.  Everything was made correctly and tasted good. Was a little surprised with all the negative reviews, place seems nice
4	Despite other reviews, I've had good experiences. Recently they were very busy durin lunch rush and I was seated and eating promptly. Although they forgot 1 item I asked for, they immediately whipped it up for no charge. The manager was on top of his front end staff the whole time ensuring customers' orders were served quickly and accurately.
3	They get 3 stars because of their food. It's usually right on and tastes really good.Otherwise, they would get 2 stars because of their service. Wendy's is the only fast food place I've seen that has the same person take your order and fill your order. Normally someone takes it and there are people back in the kitchen filling it so that the line keeps moving. Not here. The person takes your order and then has to run around collecting your drink, your food, whatever else - keeping everyone waiting behind you in line instead of getting the next order fired up for the kitchen.So frustrating. Go here when you're not in a rush. Or use the drive through. For some reason that seems to move faster.
2	I had really bad customer service tonight. I hate when I'm treated rudely. My husband and I went to order at the drive through but were unsure what we wanted and asked to give us a moment. Right when we were about to order she rudely says "are you going to order or not" no one was behind us, it's 10 at night so the dining room is closed. I've worked in customer service and this appalled me. No matter how you feel about the customer you always smile and test with respect. Clearly they need some staff training on customer service. At least I like wendy's food
2	I mostly don't do fast food and burgers but had an ice cream craving and remembered Wendy's has their dollar size Frosty.    I Yelp Wendy's and find this one is one just around the corner from where I'm staying. Perfect, methinks!  But when I drive over there I find they are MIA.  So sad.  I have no idea how long they've been gone but I'm SOL tonight.
1	I don't want to give this location any stars whatsoever the customer service was rude the food was even put together right this is a bad location for customer service. So if you don't care about customer service come to this location but if you like customer service go somewhere else
