5	Needed an electrician, got this number from a friend. Steve, the electrician was very professional and reliable, and did the job exactly how I wanted it at a really good price.I would definately recommend this company to anybody.
5	Steve is a kind spoken businessman, i would hire him again in a heartbeat. Called to install 50 amp service for my RV, was treated with respect (addressed me as "sir"), to me that is a great first impression. Steve installed and communicated very professionally not to mention good pricing. I would recommend him to all who are looking for a straight forward electrician...
5	All the 3 bathrooms in my house had no electricity so I went to YELP to  find licensed electricians in the area --this is after the fact that I did the" breaker switch off and on trick", unfortunately it did not work ,so I called New Venture and spoke with Brad and it was fortunate  that he was available on the same afternoon. Brad was on time and he checked everything in the house. He tested  and toned a GFCI receptacle in the garage (culprit of the problem). Brad  replaced the defective receptacle and all the bathrooms were back in business in no time. I would recommend his service to anyone who needs an honest, experienced and reasonable electrician. Five Stars!!!!
5	Had a problem with all the power in my bathrooms.  Called in the morning and Brad came out in the afternoon.  Took him about 15 minutes to diagnose the problem, change out the bad breaker, and test everything to insure it worked.  Really easy and great service.  Would definitely recommend to others.
5	I am new in this area and needed a good licensed electrician. Glad I found New Venture Henderson Electrical on Yelp.  The following is not in any order: on time, reasonable rate, experienced electrician, courteous, professional, and efficient.   Unlike other contractors I have met before, Brad didn't solicit for more work to be done.  I definitely will use his service again and again.  I definitely will recommend New Venture to my friends and neighbors.  Good contractors are difficult to find and I am so glad to find New Venture and Brad.  Thank you Yelp.
5	Brad was fabulous to work with.  We had some fan lights not working.  He explained how we could fix them ourselves and gave us a price for him to fix the problem or replace the entire fan.  Repair people never tell you how to fix things yourself to save money.  Brad is very helpful and honest!We decided to have him replace the entire fan and hired him to put 2 more can lights over our kitchen table.  Tuscany residents: we all need to more lights over our kitchen tables.  Brad is the guy to make this happen at a reasonable price!We just moved to the area and have had many repairs done to our home.  Of all the people that have come in,  this company was the one I felt the most comfortable with.  Thanks so much!
5	Brad from New Venture certainly earned a 5-star review. We had had an electrical problem that was previously diagnosed as a "major problem" with the house's wiring by another electrician.Brad arrived as scheduled, gave a courtesy call before arriving. He was very pleasant and made us at ease. He was very good at explaining the work he was doing and was very thorough in troubleshooting the problem.It turns our that the source of the problem was the wiring contacts on a single outlet. That fixed the electrical problem. While we had him there, we asked him to replace a light fixture that had stopped working. He didn't miss a beat. He ran out to the hardware storage, found a replacement and installed it.He did not try to upsell us, scare us, or talk over our heads. Very friendly, professional, thorough and efficient. Definitely worth giving a call.
5	Brad came over on time and diagnosed my wiring problem in five minutes.  He replaced a dimmer switch and was done in less than 20 minutes.  First time I've used an electrician and Brad was great.  Friendly, helpful and customer service oriented.  I would highly recommend him and his company.
5	I am new to the Las Vegas area and searched yelp for a licensed electrician to install a plug for my electric kiln.  Even though it was a new request for this company they helped me find all the information needed to install the correct plug and was able to install it the same day I called since he happened to be in the area that day!  It is a clean and professional installation and he vacuumed up the debris as well.  I live in northwest Vegas and I wasn't sure if I was in their service area but that wasn't a problem either.  I would definitely call them again and recommend them to friends!
5	Thank you to Brad Pickett at New Venture Henderson Electric.  We got three quotes for our new bathroom fan, and Brad's was actually the lowest. We went with him and don't regret it. He showed up early, did a good job, and left our bathroom as clean as he found it. I would recommend him.
5	Our microwave went out last night and my husband checked the fuse box because it is on its own fuse. We had no luck with fixing the issue that way. So of couse the first thing I do is Yelp! I used to work in HOAs and well a lot of the companies i used, charge an arm and a leg. We thought the price for the repair was extremely affordable and very honest.I found New Venture and thanks to everyones awesome feed back, we thought why not! My husband spoke with Brad and came by within 2 hours. Brad was very professional, efficient and very knowledgeable. I have never met a vendor as awesome as him. He was here nearly 30 minutes and repaired the dedicated outlet for the microwave. Brad, my husband and I thank you so much for your kindness and really appreciate you taking care of the issue quickly. You never really know how sucky something is until it breaks. I have already posted the business card on my facebook account to let all my family and friends know, especially all my HOA buddies. I love knowing that we have a vendor we can call and know the problem will be taken care of.
5	Saw the great reviews on Yelp so I decided to give him a call. Brad was luckily in the area, so he came out within an hour. I needed four exterior light fixtures replaced. The three sconces were in working order, and I had the replacement fixtures ready to go. I also needed the lamp post fixture replaced. It was not working and another electrician had said I just needed a new fixture. So I got the new fixture . . . As it turned out, the previous electrician had given a wrong diagnosis. The lamp post still doesn't work even with the new fixture. Brad installed the three new sconces and spent some time trying to diagnose the lamp post issue. He ran out of time, so will return early next week to revisit the lamp post.At the moment I am very happy -- rapid, professional service. The install on the new sconces looks great! I look forward to getting the other problem solved next week!
5	Based on the reviews on Yelp, I decided to call.  So glad I did.  Brad was great.  He was at my house within a couple of hours.  He fixed the problem in no time and even cleaned up once he finished.  He was extremely professional and very affordable.  Will definitely call him again if I ever need an electrician.
5	Very Professional ,Knowledgeable and Honest work!  Bathroom lights went out in both upstairs bathrooms.  I checked the main breaker all seemed in order.  Although not a critical failure, Brad responded the same day I called. he quickly diagnosed the problem and the lights were back on!  Brad provided a free estimate and reasonable rates, and took the time to explain the problem.
