5	Wonderful, knowledgeable and caring staff. Our family has had our pet checkup and emergency treatments performed at Arrowhead Ranch Animal Hospital since we moved to the valley 10 years ago and have always had excellent service even during the worst and most emotional times.The technicians and Veterinarians have always been understanding and aware of the pet and our needs as owners. When we were confronted with tough decisions on the health of one of our cats all of the options were presented to us with full explanations of the pros and cons. We were then able to ask informed questions and decide the best path for both ourselves and the cat.We will continue to use the services of Arrowhead Ranch Animal Hospital for our current and future pets as long as we live in the Phoenix Metro area, even if it means a bit of a drive from wherever we are to get there.
5	This place is wonderful.  We were new to the area and my husband searched on the internet for a Vet.  All though we did not have a good out come, I felt absolutely comfortable.  Dr. Tarr made me feel like I made the right choice with my kitty and never made me feel guilty for my choice, nor did they try to distort money out of me when my kitty was terminal.  A week later I received a card in the mail with a personal note about the loss of my Cat and my 5 year old son's best friend..  I highly recommend them!!
5	Great animal hospital that is great with animals but they also have affordable no interest payment plans.  As you know taking care of animals can be costly and most clinics don't provide this service to customers.  As someone who worked in the pet industry and knows how the Banfield's of the world operate and charge I would highly recommend this hospital.
5	I wish I could give more stars! This place has a very friendly staff and extremely knowledgeable doctors. We started taking our Maggie there about a year ago. Always have a positive friendly experience. This is always something you like to see when seeking a review. More importantly, when a life is in danger you want the best, and this is what you get at Arrowhead. Dr. Pfafman saved our Maggie! Dogs will be dogs and unknown to us at the time, Maggie managed to swallow 2 squeaky toy bladders. Her symptoms were in line with a few different causes and Dr. P methodically eliminated all possibilities but one. He explained everything in detail and was honest with his recommendation which was emergency surgery. We agreed to proceed and the bladders were found. One was less than hours away from tearing through her intestine which would most likely had caused death. If it were not for Dr. P's approach and explanation of the situation we may have chosen to delay the surgery.Finally, when the dust settled and we knew Maggie was going to be fine, dealing with a medical bill such as this one was made much easier by offering us a no-interest payment plan.A big THANK YOU to all the staff at Arrowhead Ranch Animal Hospital!
5	On Sunday, 9/22, we almost lost our nearly 10 yr. old beloved Belgian Tervuren. I awoke around 6:30 am and found it quite strange that our usually constant companion was not on the bed, nor was she laying on the floor next to me or my husband. My husband called for her, and looked throughout the house. He went outside, and found her laying on the side of the house, with her mouth partially in a puddle of water left by the sprinklers running a few minutes earlier. Her mouth had mud on it, and she wouldn't even open it when we cleaned it off, which was freaking me out, since she's an open mouth breather. She was drooling, her eyes were bloodshot, she was extremely lethargic, and her breathing was very shallow. In addition, I noticed she had had the runs. The office opens @ 8:00 am on Sundays, and we weren't sure our girl was going to make it until then. The recorded message gives the name and phone number of a 24 hr. animal hospital, but we've been taking our girl to Arrowhead Ranch Animal Hospital and we really like the staff and doctors there. We prayed for her to hang in there until the office opened. We arrived as soon as it opened, walked in and told the staff we didn't have an appointment. At first the gal said she wasn't sure how long it would be, since they were completely booked, but after describing our girl's symptoms, we were taken back right away. Dr. Tom Ardelt examined her, asked in-depth questions, spoke of similar symptoms in other dogs and possible causes, and recommended x-rays and blood work and explained why. He laid it all out for us, including cost, and left it completely up to us. We agreed, she was quickly taken back, fully examined, blood drawn, x-rays taken. The doc showed us her x-rays, diagnosed possible pancreatitis. She was given an injection of antibiotics, was subcutaneously flooded with electrolytes since she was dehydrated, and we chose to take her home with medicine and specific care instructions. Thanks to the prompt attention of Dr. Tom Ardelt and staff, I am thrilled to say our girl is doing much better and is expected to make a full recovery. In the meantime, Dr. Ardelt called us 3 days in a row, asking how she was doing and giving us updates about her blood work results. All indicators confirmed pancreatitis. Thank you, Dr. Ardelt! We truly appreciate your genuine concern and the compassion you displayed. We appreciate the staff's kindness as well, and thank goodness for your payment plan!
5	Over  the past 16 years or so, my wife and I have been taking our dogs, pet rats and even a tortoise to Arrowhead Ranch Animal Hospital for treatment.  Our main "go to" doctors have been Dr. Ardelt followed by Dr. Glanzberg.  Each doctor has their own specialty and together you can't find a better team to treat your pets with compassion as well as with a high level of technical skill.  Additionally, the doctors have the support of professional and friendly  veterinary assistants and front desk personnel.Currently, both Dr. Ardelt and Dr. Glanzberg are working in concert to help diagnosis and treat our 12 1/2 year old dog, Harley,  who has a serious heart condition.  We've been able to call them at any time to ask them questions about Harley.  If they can't get to the phone right then and there they will always return our calls and take the time to answer our questions and address our concerns.Recently,  Harley had to undergo an EKG at Arrowhead Ranch Animal Hospital.  Wanting a "second set of eyes" Dr. Glanzberg didn't hesitate to send the results of the EKG to an outside cardiologist for a second opinion.  By the way, this was done at no expense to us.  These doctors are passionate about their work.  They're the kind of veterinarians  we want treating Harley.
5	No one ever wants to take their animals to the vet or the hospital, but when you have to - you have to go here! They are great. When a worried pet parent calls to make the appointment, you're immediately greeted with a sympathetic voice. The staff and the vets are so great and constantly reassuring you that you're not a bad dog mom. One of the BEST things about ARAH is that they will let you make payments without interest or pulling your credit. A lot of reasons people let their animals suffer is because they can't afford the treatment. I have to English Bulldog babies and the staff here are well aware of their special needs and special things you need to be aware of. I can't thank them enough for taking care of my bullies.
5	I needed to find a good vet in the area and after reading the great reviews I decided to give them a try. I am so glad I did! I can't remember the last time I had service this good anywhere. Everybody was nice and helpful. They didn't mind that I was a little late to my appointment and saw us right away. Dr. Tarr was honest and caring. She really took the time to listen to my concerns and answer all of my questions. She did a great job of explaining what was going on with my dog's joints. I never felt rushed or taken advantage of. They even helped me out to my car after the visit and Dr. Tarr called the next morning to check on my little guy who was feeling fantastic and back to his normal self. We found our vet! I wish you could find this kind of customer service more often.
1	Not impressed.  Their communication with clients is seriously lacking.  Took our dog in for a fecal due to parasites.  They ran the tests and when I picked up the medication, the most basic questions were answered with "I think so" or " That SHOULD be okay"  when dealing with medication and a life, "thinking" and "should" aren't comforting.  I want to know definitively if giving medications together will cause an issue and is permissible.  The medications were not administered in a customer friendly packaging, which was quite disappointing.  Giving a syringe for medication and then putting the medicine in a bottle makes for a difficult time of getting the medication into the syringe.  The syringe doesn't make it to the bottom and we ended up having to pour the medicine into the cap-which resulted in a full days loss of medication (spills,slops out of cap when closing back up)When I called to get follow up instructions, because NOTHING was provided when we picked up the medicine, we were given wrong info.  I was told to bring the fecal back in when in fact, we need to wait 10 full days to allow the medication to go full course.  Had we done this, the dog would have been medicated for parasites for 30 days straight.  This medication is meant to be given in spurts of time with breaks between.The front desk staff, however nice, are not competent to handle pet care.  I do not trust this facility, I wouldn't refer anyone and will never go back!  Life is precious and not something to be taken lightly.  Medications can negatively react when mixed and they seem not to care!
5	My daughters 6month old puppy broke his leg. With her being a college student her financial options were limited. After hours of researching we found Arrowhead Ranch which offered a 6 month payment plan so we decided to go with them for the surgery. I am so grateful we went with this hospital. Not only did it relieve the payment stress but more and most importantly was the compassionate, friendly, attentive staff they have. We were so impressed with the doctor and staff here that I will continue to drive from Fountain Hills to have this facility care for my other 2 dogs at home in the future. I thank you guys so much for doing such an awesome job on Bensons surgery and making his traumatic experience the best and most comfortable for him it could possibly be. We'll be back!!!!
5	Spent 14 years there with ALL my animals including my English Bulldog & I can not say enough good things about them every surgery was flawless every diagnosis was spot on every Dr really cares about the animal & the owner I could go on & On with the years I spent there & the animals I had in & out of there The point is they care & the treatment they give shows that rest easy taking your animals here.
1	I had the worst experience at Arrowhead Ranch Animal Hospital today. I brought my 19 year old dog in to be put to sleep peacefully. The technician said she had to take my dog in the back to put a catheter in her vein so they could give her the shot. I was not comfortable with this type of procedure but the tech said this is what the doctor requires. I waited in the room for a while and they didn't bring my dog back, so I asked the girl at the front counter to find out what was taking so long. The first tech came back to see what the problem was, and when I asked her why it was taking so long she said they couldn't get the catheter in my dog's vein. I asked why they needed to keep poking her, why not just give her the shot. I told her to go back and find out how much longer it was going to be. When she started to turn around I saw her get a BIG smile on her face and she started to laugh to herself. That was the most cruel, disrespectful and disgraceful thing anyone could have done at that moment. I was preparing to say goodbye to my faithful, loving 19 year old dog and she had the nerve to laugh about the situation. I can't even put into words how hurtful that was.
