1	Rude, rude, rude, RUDE!!!  I ordered a dining set (table and four chairs) from my normal Pier 1 store (which I love).  Upon delivery, I noticed a couple flaws in two of the chairs, so I went to the store I purchased them from to exchange them.  They were not in stock, so they directed me to this location which is about 25 minutes from where I live.  When the representative from my store called to place them on hold, she asked them to check the chairs to make sure they looked nice so I would not waste a trip.  I was given the ok and headed over to the Rainbow location.  They offered to return them at my original store, but I opted to do an even exchange since I did not want to redo the credit card transaction.When I came into this store with the two chairs, the very first thing out of the employee's mouth was, "I thought you were going to return the chairs at the other store."  Her tone was very abrasive; not a proper way to greet someone as far as I'm concerned.  I explained to her why I did not want to do that and she said, "well,I don't know if these chairs are going to be good enough for you."  REALLY??  First of all, the other store told you that I was concerned about the appearance of the chairs and, secondly, this was not a cheap dining set... I am going to be looking at it for years and I think it's only fair that I be pleased with it.  I opted to swap one of the chairs out because it was nicer than the one I had (although not "good enough for me" as the employee so kindly suggested); the manager told the associate to "just do it."They absolutely do not know the meaning of customer service here.  Super rude, unfriendly, and uninviting.  I'm so glad I live where I do and don't have to rely on this Pier 1 for my home decorating needs.  I will not be returning here, even for a candle.
4	Sensory overload!   I never know where to start looking when I come into this store and on top of that I'm easily distracted by what's to my left or right.  The employees are always friendly.  The store is an organized as it can be with all the product they carry.  They have everything for your house from candles to furniture and paintings.  I really enjoy their holiday selection of Christmas ornaments and decorations.  I tend to look for their sale sections and shop after the major holidays to stock up at a discount for the following year,.
5	Love, love this store, staff super friendly, mostly shop their sales for future holiday decorating....
