2	How many english ex-public schoolkids can you fit under one roof? Come here on a wednesday night and you'll find out.I was really excited the first (and only!) time I came here, as I'd heard great things about the new wednesday night that has started up here. So imagine my horror when we got out of the taxi and saw the 2-hour-long queue! I'm sorry, but there is no such thing in the world as a nightclub worth queueing for 2 hours to get into, and there's also no reason why the bouncers should be that inefficient that it takes them that long to process the queue.Luckily, we spotted a friend of ours really near the front, and managed to push in. I know, I'm a terrible person and i'm the first one to whinge when someone does that in front of me, but there was no way I was waiting for 2 hours in the freezing cold! Except it really wasn't worth it. It was even busier once you were inside, to the extent that one trip to the bar, one trip to the loos and one trip to the smoking area  pretty much took up the full 3 hours that we were there. Great. This is what I paid an entry fee for.The next time we were out on a wednesday, we headed next door to GHQ, and I'm so glad we did.
4	Below Stairs is one of the latest new nightclub additions to Edinburgh's going out scene, something which a lot of people get very excited about, because Edinburgh hardly ever gets a new club, or anything new at all for that matter. I know that's pretty much factually incorrect, but it can seem that way sometimes when you've lived here long enough.Anyway, Below Stairs is part of the successful treat of a format that is Hawke & Hunter, who have got the right idea by bringing some much needed style and banter to the east end, because let's be honest, we all need a bit of a change from George Street don't we? Below Stairs has been very popular so far, particularly on a Wednesday night for their new student night, Mansion. With its alternating colour changing strips of club lighting, and random picture frames attached to the ceiling above the dance floor, this is certainly a pretty rad (I'm bringing it back) place to do a bit of dancing. The club is also a good size, being small enough so that you don't feel swallowed up, although the small size means there are always queues to get in, so you're probably best advised to get there early. There's a brilliant outside area with Shisha pipes and tables, ideal for the summer months and something you won't really find anywhere else in Edinburgh.
4	For the longest time, I thought this relatively new club was called Mansion! That's just their student night every Wednesday, which I've been to twice!Situated quite centrally, in the Hawke and Hunter building, Below Stairs is by far the nicest club I've been to in Edinburgh.The sheer size and quality of the interior is incredible! On the Mansion night, each room had a distinctly different feel to it. The bar and pool room on the ground floor played hip-hop, r'n'b, and some dancehall, which obviously makes it the best room!A trip upstairs led to a much more modern room, which was extremely dark and illuminated with green and blue lazer lights! It's through this room that one can access the outdoor shishaa area which is fancily decorated. However, if the club is busy, it's quite a long wait for the shishaa to get to your table! Mansion's been reasonably priced, but after the initial opening time I wouldn't be surprised if they increase their prices, it's just so luxurious!
4	I was recently at Below Stairs, in No 12 Picardy Place, for a fantastic live acoustic show - Sunday Shindig - raising money for Shelter. The space is really quite funky and cool. Low ceilings but still with great acoustics and sound, and not *too* loud - it was great for a gig.There's ample seating space with comfy couches and booths, a cute wee bar, AND the secret garden outdoor area which many folk made good use of (despite the constant rain!)If there were ever to be a club night here I'd definitely be looking forward to it being held here, in the Below Stairs venue itself, as well as just the tunes. Fantastic wee space and a great addition to the already wonderful (as Rezzi I has said) mansion-like No 12 Picardy Place!
