5	What a great place! I broke my front tooth yesterday and Dr. Quinn was able to see me at 9:30 this morning to fix it right up.  I was very distraught about my tooth but he was able to match the color perfectly.  The staff was super friendly and figured out all of my insurance benefits for me before I even drove out to the clinic.  I know that a lot of people are weary about going to see the dentist, so I would like to personally recommend this place for everyone of all ages.  There are even TV's in the ceiling for you to watch while you're relaxing in the chair...what could be better than that!?
5	Hubby was told by primary dentist that his wisdom tooth needed to be extracted.  Although we trust her, we felt it prudent to get a 2nd opinion.  I found Dr. Quinn online via reviews and made an appointment to come over for a FREE 2nd opinion.   He took 2 x-rays and did a brief examination of hubby's tooth - unfortunately, he arrived at the same conclusion as our dentist - the tooth must come out.However, we were extremely pleased with his lovely office, pleasant staff, and his free 2nd opinion service.  Can you imagine a professional actually going out of his way to help someone?If he was in our plan, we would switch!
5	Dr. Quinn and his staff are awesome. They are very professional and super nice. I have been to a few dentists in Las Vegas and a lot of offices are all about sales and upgrades. This office is all about you and for your best interest. I took my 4 year old in as well and he had a blast even for a cavity! No traumatizing visit for him! I recommend Dr Quinn, he has a a great office and it even gives me a chance to relax and catch up on a few shows while getting my teeth work done!
5	Dr. John Quinn is AMAZING! Great dentist, great personality and great office staff. In all my 50+ years, I've never had such competent and caring dental care. The best ever!
5	Wow- what a great dental office!  I love the positive atmosphere and the team is always so nice and friendly every time I am there!  Dr. Quinn is a lot of fun and always does such good quality work. Jennifer, the hygienist, always does such a good job with my teeth cleaning, too.  I have been to a lot of hygienists and my teeth have never felt as good as they do when she cleans them!  I definitely recommend this office to all of my friends.
5	Just finished up getting a root canal, and this was my first problem I've ever had with my teeth. I was kinda nervous but Dr. Quinn is such a great dentist! He was patient and talked to you while he was working on me. I want to say that the girls that work there are great as well! Kelly you're awesome! I would definitely tell my friends about this office! Thank you for making me feel welcome.
5	Going to the dentist was never a good experience for me until I found smiles for life. Dr. Quinn and his staff rid me of all my worries and fears of going to the dentist.they are all very pleasant and knowledgable and also extremely patient. I would recommend them to anyone!!!
5	Dr Quinn and his staff are highly professional and friendly. The office itself is brand new with a warm and friendly decor. This establishment is also highly military friendly and gives the best military discount I've seen yet.
5	I went here as a new patient and I was truly impressed! Every one in the office was so nice! It is so nice to find a place that you feel comfortable going to and feel that they care about there patients! Dr. Quinn and his team are truly amazing! Thank you all for making my appointment amazing!
5	Super great staff, everyone is super nice and way awesome! My husband had the best experience and mine was fabulous  as well. They are willing to work with us on a payment plan since our insurance sucks. They are amazing definitely a must go!!!
5	Best dental office ever. Love having dr quinn as my dentist and Jennifer as my dental hygienist. Dr quinn and his friendly nice staff will definitely have you leaving with a smile on your face
5	Best dentist in America. Dr.Quinn has been my dentist for 3 plus years. Without doubt the best in my 73 yrs. Great staff. Very reasonable prices. Totally painless.  It takes me about 30 minutes to drive from green valley to his office but I don't mind as the quality of care is 5 star.
5	I doubt that there is a better dentist in Las Vegas,  correction on this planet.  The dentist is who could be better has not been born yet.
5	I have had some horrible dentist experiences and just wanted to say that my visit with this office was a breath of fresh air. Every staff member was extremely nice, professional, and very personable which made my visit even more comfortable. Thank you everyone for the great experience! Would highly recommend.
5	Excellent experience and service!!  The staff, especially Kelly, was warm, friendly and very helpful. This dental office makes you feel right at home! I have been to many dentists over my lifetime and this was the first office that actually took the time to give me a tour, tell me a little bit about their staff and also about Dr. Quinn (who is an active National Guard and major Yankees fan!!)I would not hesitate recommending them to any of my friends! Just a cute and funny side note, my daughter Rachel said, "all the people who work here look like models!"
5	I visited Smiles for Life today to get a cracked tooth looked at. I have never met a nicer more helpful group of people.  Everyone was so welcoming and seemed to really care about my comfort. I had called and left a message to see if I could get an appointment and they returned that call immediately and were flexible with my work schedule to get me in asap. Dr Quinn was very funny and put me at ease right away. The entire experience was fantastic and I'm looking forward to them fixing my teeth!
2	if 3 stars is an OKAY experience for this dental visit for my 9 yrs old then I can only give 2 stars. My daughter has extreme tooth pain 6 days ago which was a weekend, we went to the 1st dentist for x-ray & checkup the next biz day but couldn't find any cavity, tooth pain continues on the 2nd to the last molar at right, we then next day went to SFL to get a 2nd Opinion, Dr. Quinn also couldn't find anything at first but then said look like her last right molar was filled but the previous dentist didn't do a good job 2 mths ago, so he had to redo it. But said no problem with the one she complaint about which is the 2nd tooth to the last molar even there is a white cloud on the gum underneath that tooth showed on x-ray. Then office Manager Kelley showed us the $$$$ estimate for cash patient before the filling, at the beginning when I called she said estimate's 69.00 for x-ray and exam, but then on the invoice she put 164.00 instead, I wonder why?! plus almost another 400.00 to fill the one tooth w/ smiling gas, if needed root canal then it comes out to another rocket amount.. I was shocked with the bill as I have no Dental Ins. for it and doesn't expect to pay 3 times of price to fill a tooth. She finally honored to wave the x-ray & exam aft. I reminded her that 2nd opinion was promised to be no charge on the phone. But the filling was no discount she insisted, felt like she was unwilling to give free x-ray n exam to begin with, so to add that back up on the filling cost... I asked why I hv to pay 3 times than paying the normal price the other many dentists charge and she said they use better quality stuff & it is an investment. (I was thinking If my family dr. tells me he will charge me 800.00 for a dr. visit vs the other only charge 80.00 & he says this is a better investment then I will be speechless!)  I hv to bargain off the price and felt like I was in a car dealer at that moment. End up I had to pay double of what I used to pay w/o laughing gas but not triple. I am okay actually if my daughter's tooth is fixed but end up it is a nightmare. Dr. said the filling was done, no need root canal but she will have discomfort for couple days which I understand that could normally happen. However, the same day at school to midnight, we hv to give her at least 3 times pain killer and she still woke up at midnite and cry for sharp pain. I didn't know what to do but normally she won't cry for no reasons, especially I thought the tooth was just fixed by Dr. Quinn. I texted Dr. what 's going on and no solid feedback but claimed it is normal & told me to use Mortrin in 1 text msg, but he had Kelley called me to comfort me the next day and stated that is normal & offered no immediate help or suggestion. Deep down I know it is abnormal. End up her sharp pain continue for the next couple days and school nurse offered some helps by applying numb jel on her tooth plus giving her mortrin and told me to give her also Tylenon  in between to make her feel better. However, she still woke up every midnight and cry for help as her sharp pain is still very unbearable which is very uncommon for her after tooth fixed. Then Dr. said maybe the tooth is fractured, maybe need root canal...! MAYBE?! filling...refilling....redigging then root canal? I don't know how many more experiments needed for that tooth and it may cause more damages on the tooth but still don't know what is the main cause of the pain! Besides, root canal supposed to be done by R.C. specialist to avoid further complication especially for small kids, instead of by a family dentist. I think...(You won't ask a traffic lawyer to fight the criminal case, a realtor to do a loan even he or she also has a certificate or license to do so, make sense?!)I tended to lose trust and confidence after all these, she is still in pain after 6 days, she is sleepless n I 'm sleepless, but both Dr. and office mgr Kelley may take it too lightly for this sharp pain she has. I need solution, not angelic smile or sweet comfort words, it doesn't work for us! Superficial marketing technic doesn't work for me, Kelley said she would email me the x-ray so I can show to my husband, but she never emailed me as she said she would. I gave her my health insurance to double check if my kid can claim from it by law , and she promised to call and get back to me but she didn't as she said she would. I told her on the phone what was happening and she said she would relate to Dr. and he would call me back but he didn't call me as she said he would. Even school nurse can give me better solutions to ease the pain, instead, they only asked me to wait for a few days. Discomfort can wait, but sharp pain cannot! It broke my heart to see my kid suffer like that as a parent and no solution is found. People said a good doctor is like a good parent, I wish they can show more love and true care for patients like this. For cash patient w/o insurance, it can be a burden too. This is not budget friendly.
5	I was recently in a search for a new family dentist.  Knowing how particular my wife is about whom she allows to treat our two daughters & herself, I spent some time reading all the online reviews for this office.  As you can read just about all the reviews are 5 stars, which must be why several of my work colleagues referred me to Dr. Quinn and the Smiles for Life Team.  I'm surprised & skeptical to read that Dr. Quinn had an issue with a patient, especially a young child, but that must be far from the norm in this office.  My kids allow the dental team at SFL to run x-rays, take pictures, pick and probe without any complaints.  Jessica & Sam are so great with my family and the ladies at the front desk are very festive.  In fact while in the office today to schedule an appointment for my father-in-law the entire office looks like a Halloween haunted house.  The cost of medical care continues to rise in all areas of medicine.  I don't find the fees at this office to be any higher then the last few dental offices my family and I have seen.  In fact the technology that Dr. Quinn uses, especially that machine that makes teeth in the office can't be cheap so I think it's a great deal to pay an average fee for fantastic care.  I also love the fact that they offer a 'Battle Buddy' discount to our soldiers in thanks for their service.5 Stars Across the Board for DQ & the Entire CREW at SFL.Thanks for taking great care of my family!
5	I've been going to Dr. Quinn for about the last 2 years, and I have nothing but fantastic things to say about him and his entire staff. In my 50+ years on this planet he is without a doubt the best, most professional dentist I've ever had to suffer with. :)Let's be honest, all dentist visits suck. I really hate going, but Dr Q and the rest of the staff make it as painless as possible. They always have beautiful smiles and make me feel welcome. The TV's on the ceiling are also a really cool feature of this office. I've even sent a bunch of people from where I work to him and every single one of them have had nothing but good things to say (even the CEO!).I'm positive if you need a dentist and take my advice, you also will not be disappointed. (PS Don't tell her but I have a HUGE crush on Kelly!)
5	Dr. Quinn and his staff are awesome!!  Super welcoming and all around great people!  They are helpful and are on top of their game by staying up to date with their procedures and equipment.  My entire family goes to Smiles For Life and couldn't be happier with our dental care.  It's more than just another "doctor's office", you'll see one of kind art throughout and festive decorations during the holidays, along with an always smiling staff.  If you're new in town or not happy with your current dentist book with Smiles For Life today, you won't regret it!
5	This place by far is the best dentistry I've been to. The staff is extremely  friendly and helpful. They go above and beyond to explain their process. Where other places leave you sitting and waiting. This is definitely going to be my go to dentist now.
5	I just want to start off by saying that I HATE going to the dentist. I have had a few terrible experiences with dentists straight up lying to my face about procedures I needed done, the state of my general oral health, etc., and because of those experiences, I have an inherent distrust of all dentists.That said, I think Dr. Quinn is a fantastic dentist. I've had a wisdom tooth removed and two fillings done here, and both times, I felt nothing - not even the novocaine, which, to be honest, I didn't think was possible. The recovery after the tooth extraction was easy too - I was up walking around by 3pm that day, and didn't even need to keep the gauze in. He knows what he's doing. Did I mention I don't even live in the area? I live in Los Angeles, and I make special trips here for dental procedures because I'm crazy and paranoid and I only trust one dentist. Seriously, best dentist of all time.
5	Very friendly staff.  They did a great job with my dental work.Brian T.
