5	Jesse is talented and focused at tree maintenance.  His fees for this dangerous and physically demanding work are fair. His after-cutting cleanup is quite complete and his concern for the safety of your property and your four-legged family members is entirely appreciated.Should your cat require rescuing from his/ her tree perch, call Jesse.  There will be a fee for this service, as there should be.  Work in all different categories deserves compensation.
5	Jesse Huffman and Arborvision Tree Service are as good as it gets!!! Jesse is a Certified Arborist and a serious tree lover, a true professional. He responded quickly to my first contact, and we set an appointment immediately. He trimmed trees at my home, and removed a 50+ foot pine tree from a rental property.  He and his crew were timely, knowledgeable, efficient, and concerned about my property. They did a great job of cleanup after the trimming and removal.Best of all, his prices are very fair.  I recommend Jesse without any hesitation. You won't find better tree service anywhere!
5	My roommate and I had some serious trouble getting any tree service to come out for our small job (a few palm trees and an olive tree)  before the monsoon season began. Call after call we were turned down and in a pickle. One morning, I noticed our neighbor had a tree service over to work on their mesquite. Up in the tree was Jesse, deftly and expertly navigating the branches of this tree, thinning it as he went along. All of this without gaffs/spikes, so as to protect the tree. I asked the ground crew if it would be possible to have a look at our situation if they had time after their current job and they said they'd ask their boss (Jesse, up in the tree) as soon as he came down. Not more than 10 minutes went by and Jesse was knocking on my door and agreed to do a bid on the spot. His prices were very reasonable and he even saved us some money by reassuring us that our olive tree didn't even need any trimming. In fact, he gave me some pointers on how to make it healthier (which I appreciated very much).It didn't take them more than 40 min to complete the job and clean up. Jesse and his ground crew were very professional and attentive. Arborvision raises the bar on service!
5	After being chased up a very tall palm, a neighborhood cat got himself stuck at the top for two days before we heard his cries. After a couple of calls we were directed to Jesse and Arborvision to help. And he did! Jesse quickly climbed the tree and gently grabbed the cat, secured him in a carrier around his waist and bring him back down. Jesse was patient and calm with the cat to ensure he was spooked, as well as took time to secure himself and the cat bag carefully.  Jesse is personable and easy to work with. So appreciate your help Jesse- thanks for taking the risk!
5	Compassionate about trees.  Knowledgeable and trustworthy.  This is a business I support and recommend highly!  They removed a very old, very large tree from my front yard and had to use a crane....    Hard work, yet they were cheerful and fair :)
