5	nice store
3	Standard Circle K, pretty tidy for being under construction. Restrooms could use a little tending and the food warmers could use some more grill items.Be careful of the hill turning onto the street next to it, it's a bit steep and it's easy to bottom out a standard sized sedan with passengers if you don't take it at the right speed and angle.Our cashier was also very quick and polite which is always a welcome response at a gas station.
1	Wow. Went in to this circle k on my way back from a trip up north.  I chose circle k because I had Fry's VIP points to get 10 cents/gallon off my gas.  I took my son in to use the restroom and it was DISGUSTING!!!!  It had a lot of use from the holiday traffic I'm sure, but the floor was almost entirely covered with toilet paper, paper towels and all kinds of nastiness!!!  No more paper towels and very little toilet paper left to use. Went to pay for my gas, and had to wait for the 2 cashiers to stop talking. I immediately told the male cashier I wanted to use my points. He asked me my phone number, but stood so far away and didn't look at me when I gave it to him that he must have heard wrong. He said it was declined. I asked him to try again. That's when he pushed the button on the register and shrugged his shoulders. I was ready to lose it, but I had my son with me. I told him that he should have been paying attention to me better than the attention he gave the bathroom. He said "I've been trying to get back there". Really?  You both were just chatting when I was trying to pay. But I just left. I called to speak to a manager, but apparently the woman that answered the phone couldn't help me out with that or take a message. If you're still reading this, I'm sorry. But it was terrible service to go with a disgusting place of business.
5	I just had the weirdest thing happen. A lady came up and said she'd like to pay for my gas and did. That was so cool and deserves an awesome review or something.!.Not sure where to post this so I guess I'll just write a favorable review for the gas station!
