5	No wonder Lonely Planet recommends Le Bourlingueur as the sole place to eat in Old Montreal.Situated in a quiet corner of the old city half a block from the basilica, you could be well excused for missing it while walking by. Yet it would be a great loss for your taste buds and your wallet.Bourlingueur's selection of table d'hote meals leaves you gobsmacked: everyone's taste is catered for. None of the stereotypical French pretentiousness and complexity either.Even an uninitiated eater will have no trouble understanding the menu and seeing how, with main courses so well priced, he can afford a starter.My goodness is that a good idea. Finally a portion of Escargots comme-il-faut. No cheese on top, just snail-ey goodness and garlic. Restrain yourselves or you'll eat the serving plate together with your escargots so delicious they are. The poached salmon is simplicity made dinner. Just a skilfully cut slab of fish, with a delicate cream sauce and a purple cabbage garnish that complements the salmon perfectly. Delicate tastes mingling together, begging to be savored at length. The stew was, on the other hand, a symphony of strong flavors in the sauce and the earthiness of root vegetables competing to please the lucky eater. It was absolutely delicious.What do you mean, it comes with dessert? You must be kidding me. It's old Montreal after all, where business is business and tourists are scared. No sir, we're totally serious.  Their dessert selection is wider than their menu suggests. For us they had a citrus cake, a cheesecake and baked apple. Everything was delicious, but the cheesecake was my favorite.Skip the expensive wine list and go for the house wine. It's cheaper, and it's a nice Italian (white and red). $25 a litre, which is almost wine store cost.Three people eat 2 starters, 3 table d'hote, 3 desserts and a litre of wine for $125 including taxes and an absolutely well-deserved tip. On a budget, you could eat like a king and spend like a miser at around 20-25 dollars apiece.In Old Montreal, it's unheard of. Let's hope Bourlingueur stays as it is today.
5	My fiance and I stumbled upon this wonderful bistro during our first visit/day trip to Montreal and we LOVED every moment of our meal here!For $35 CA/person, we each ordered soup or salad, appetizer, entree, dessert, coffee or tea and about 3 glasses of white or red wine.  Certainly a steal for fine dining, especially after having lived in places like SF or DC!  On top of that, we each received a complimentary cup of French onion soup.Together, we ordered the escargot, rabbit pate, duck leg and smoked salmon.  The escargot was warm and buttery and just melted in our mouths.  The pate was kind of like cold meatloaf - I myself am not a huge fan of pate, but when in Rome...why not?  I ordered the duck leg for myself and the portion was great, as it came with squash and potatoes!  My fiance ordered the smoked salmon - and he says it was the best smoked salmon he's ever had!  For dessert, we ordered the apple pie and coconut cake.  I would loved to have creme brulee or another typical French dessert, but they were not part of the deals.The sauvignon blanc I had was crisp and subtle, meanwhile my fiance's cabernet was mild and went very well with the food!This was probably one of the best meals I've ever had!  Service was excellent, too!
4	This was my new year's eve dinner before the wine and champagne came out. Le Bourlingueur wasn't my first choice, but I'm glad I ended up going here. I was expecting to spend about $80 a head for dinner that night, but this place was was pretty cheap. For about $40 per person everyone got an appetizer, salad/soup, entree and dessert. The menu was completely in French, but the waiter was able to translate very well what our options were. It was really tasty food, although my appetizer was pretty intense. I started with a goat cheese appetizer, a salad with a main course of scallops and dessert was an inverted apple pie with vanilla ice cream with coffee.The appetizer was really tasty, but it was an awful lot of goat cheese for one person. I probably could have stopped eating after that, there was just too much cheese. The salad was nice, not amazing, but good after the appetizer. The scallops however, were delicious! They were piping hot and came with rice and green beans. The dessert was supper yummy and went well with the coffee they served.I'd probably order the escargot next time I go, everyone seems to rave about it. Overall though, great price for the food, quality and service that you get.
4	Amazing!  5!  Bang for your buck!I went here during the christmas break with family.  Wandered the old city to find over-priced food.  having living in france, I could not bear to pay something more than what it would cost in euros for a relaxed, bistro/cafe style dinner, prix fixe.So we walked into here, and lo and behold reasonable prices.At first I didn't expect much, but with the arrival of fresh warm bread, then the salad, and finally the entrees I was surprised.  I got the confit and my parents got the liver.  Very typical french meals.  My duck as nice and tender, could've had some sauce, the liver was delicious!This all came with a dessert, but we upgraded a la carte to the creme brulee. With a bottle of wine, family of 3, was only 80.In addition, one of the servers there was extremely friendly.  I could even tell he was from Brittany from his accent.  When I asked him I was bang on.  Highly recommend!
5	Another don't miss in Montreal.  It's located in old Montreal in a lovely old building with big exposed beams.  I can envision eating here in the cold because there is a fireplace in the dining room.  I started dinner with a Kir which was very good, and my Husband had a beer.  We both had a mixed salad which were good but unremarkable.  I had the Sole special which was excellent.  My Husband had the Salmon which was also very good.  Both came with some sort of mixed vegetable and rice sides.  Even the side dishes were fantastic.  I'm not sure what the veggies were but I could have happily made a meal of just that, they were so good.  I also had a glass of the riesling with dinner which was very nice.  I had the Nut cake in a cream sauce  for dessert which was wonderful and my husband had the Strawberry mousse.   The service was very quick and the whole bill came to $69 including coffee.  This is a gem of a restaurant where you will have a great meal, with terrific service at an amazing price.
4	Friendly staff, good food, easy to find location, great wine menu! I would recommend it to friends.
5	What a gem in old montreal neighborhood.  you'd never expect such a charming, affordable french restaurant that delivers such high quality dishes in the most touristy neighborhood.Had the watercress soup which was probably potato-based.  My fish of the day (turbot) was cooked perfectly and topped with capers.  So tender and flavorful.  Husband had the calf liver in onion sauce and it was heavenly.  Tasted almost like beef with none of the livery taste.  Onion sauce had a very intense, beefy flavor.  We shared the orange cake and a slice of sugar pie for dessert.
5	I ended up going to the restaurant because I was looking for a nice meal that wasn't going to cost my left arm on my last night in Montreal.  This was perfect.I called ahead and made a reservation for two but we ended up picking up a third on our way.  The restaurant was slow that night so it was a non-issue but based on how friendly the staff was I don't think it would have been on a busy night.I ordered the salmon with cream sauce. It came with a salad and desert for an incredibly reasonable price. I had a couple glasses of wine with my sister and our new friend.  The food was perfect.  My salmon was cooked just right and was just the right amount of food.  The deserts were even lovelier.  I split my poached pear with my sister's hazelnut pound cake and it was great.  You will get a lot of delicious food for your money here. Our waiter was wonderful.  He was very helpful and incredibly nice.  He chatted with our table a bit and explained a few customs to me that I hadn't quite figured out yet.I will be back.  I loved this place.
4	Reasonable pricesSuper nice peopleExcellent main dishesIt's seriously all about the mains. I got a beef and carrot thing on macaroni while my dearest got some sauerkraut thing that was one of the evening's specials. Accompanied by a bottle of red wine, it was pretty fantastic. It made us seriously glad that we stopped in.We had ordered a mushroom soup and a salad to start but neither was all that exciting. Dessert wasn't all that noteworthy either but honestly, between the super warm and friendly service and the savoriness of our mains our visit was more than worthwhile.
5	Great food, great service. We went here last night and had a great dinner for a great price. Includes appetizer, entree, dessert and coffee or tea. We also had a great bottle of red wine. For two people it only cost $100!
3	Decent place. Not your typical French as Alsace is on the German border .. Lots of sausage, sauerkraut and cabbage infused dishes. Reasonably priced, very quant, very helpful staff. I had the duck, average, my wife had the traditional Alsatian dish, sausages in a pot with cabbage and sauerkraut . We liked, didn't love. Wouldn't return.
4	The service at this restaurant is great, the waitresses are very kind and helpful. Best part is, they don't even know about yelp so it makes me believe their honesty in service. The food is well priced but nothing to rave about so I would recommend coming here at least once
4	We decided to have dinner here before Cirque du Soleil on a Thursday night.  The food was quite good and the service was very pleasant.  I had the stuffed chicken, my mother had the catfish special, and my father ordered some other fish (I want to say it was haddock, but I'm not sure).  My mother's fish was delicious, and the red cabbage that came with it was also very good.  My chicken was tasty, but I had not bargained on getting saurkraut with it, and so I wasn't all that thrilled about that.  My father's fish was a little dry; I'm not a big fish-eater, so I don't know if this was the cooking or the kind of fish.  Either way, the catfish was much better.  The deserts we had were fabulous.It was a good choice for us; it was something that seemed rather particular to Montreal that had interesting--but not overly exotic--food and it was close to the Cirque.  I would recommend it.
4	Excellent. The service was wonderful. Never feel rushed. They got us in on last minute notice on a Friday night and stayed open well past closing. Would go again on next trip to Montreal   Food was yummy as well
3	The restaurant must have been having an off night because this was my most disappointing French dining experience ever and I don't think I am that finicky. Service was on the slow side, although we were only 1 of  3 tables seated. Meager side salad. Fish of the day: cod, although flakey, was the most unimaginative preparation of baked fish I have ever had - flavorless, with bits of carrots and broccoli on top???  Chutney or a nice salsa on top would have been nice. Bok choy: overcooked to the point of mush - prefer my veggies al dente, thank you very much.  Bf was kind enough to give me a couple bites of his palatable manicotti to erase my negative entree experience :-(.   Dessert failed to save the day, as alas, even the carrot cake was mediocre.
4	This is a wicked place for a casual meal. Great service and the food is amazing. Most meals come with an appetizer, coffee or tea and dessert to finish off. I had the beef and macaroni stew, and started with a cold tomato based soup. I was a bit hesitant on the cold soup, but on a humid day, it really helps to perk up your appetite. The stew was good with a hearty serving size and a rich broth. However, the meat was a bit tougher than what I was expecting.  Overall, it was satisfying. I ended the meal with the creme custard and a nice cup of coffee. Highly recommend coming here.
4	A great little restaurant, with very friendly service and an interesting menu highlighting some Alsace style food.  The German influence is apparent in the menu and definitely welcome.  The style of the food is completely unpretentious, very satisfying, and a little hint of home-cookedness.  I went twice in four nights in Montreal.  Good value, and everything from fish to escargots to duck was cooked absolutely perfectly.
5	Awesome! I am usually very skeptical about eating in tourist areas, but this was really good. Quaint tables, friendly staff, and delicious food. We tried the escargot, French onion soup, glazed leg of duck, and carrot cake. The French onion soup was really the BEST (as they advertise). Tons of flavor, not too salty, loaded with cheese. The duck was also cooked to perfection. Love how the entrees come with soup or salad, dessert, and coffee or tea. Perfect amount of food for the price. We highly recommend this oasis in touristville!
3	So/So - Alsatian restaurant doesn't quite pull it off, very touristy. Satisfying portions, but average food.  Lots of other places around that are much better.
3	meh. the food was okay, just not as good as i had hoped. when i went there with my mother for dinner, there were only a few other people. the service was fantastic, but the menu lacked variety. i ordered the cream of spinach soup and vegetarian manicotti. the soup was decent, but the manicotti was really plain and boring. one of the things i did really like, though, was the free basket of bread with butter that they gave us. it's delicious!overall, i wouldn't really want to come here again.
4	unpretentious, great french food... best part was they included a starter (soup or salad), Dessert and Coffee with the entree selection.  * Le Bourlingueur means The Traveler in French, perfect of this intimate little place located in the tourist part of old Montreal, just behind the Notre Dame Basilica.  It is ideal for a nice romantic dinner.
4	Good food for the price and it's in a good location. They have a price fix menu which comes with delicious salad. I had the cod for my entree, escargot to start, and profiteroles for desert.
4	We enjoyed a romantic dinner with excellent service from the owner at this charming restaurant in Old Montreal. We felt like we were dining in France! We chose the cheese plate for starters along with the dry red house wine. We chose fixed price meals--spinach soup and a salad preceded  baked turbot and grilled salmon both served with rice and perfectly cooked zucchini and a broiled tomato. Dessert was coconut cake and carrot cake  ( a tad dry) served with decaf espresso coffee. We would highly recommend to others and would gladly return ourselves to this gem.
3	3.5 starsIt's a price fixed listed on the menu itself next to the main dishes section.  Soup or salad, entree, dessert and coffed or tea all for $19.60.  I got the soup, celery potato that day.  Tad too celery-y for me so I gave it to my dining buddy.  I got the duck confit as state above and the skin was still crisp in some spots, tender and fall of the bone in other spots.  I want to have this all the time and learn how to make it.  My dining buddy actually picked up the leg bone and chomped off the rest of the meat I couldn't get hahaha.  It comes with a bed of sauerkraut which is a bit strange but it's Alsacetian food here (hence the German influence).  I got the roasted apple, meh.  Coffee was good.My dining buddy's: garden salad starter, basic, nothing special.  Entree of cod with wild rice, bland overall, almost tasteless.  The veggies it came with were mushy.  The flan-like dessert was soooooooo good.  Halfway through the first beer, there was a friggin fly in it.  When shown to the waiter, he simply shrugged like "Yea, and?"  He didn't even comp the second beer.  Lost major points with me there.All in all, duck confit and flan dessert thing, all for a really good price but that's probably about it.
2	Great atmosphere, very quaint interior. Food was very good but was tainted by the POOR SERVICE.  In my book, the food can be outstanding but if the service is bad, the dining experience is ruined.  We would possibly give this restaurant another try if we were guaranteed a different server.
3	nice liver dishnice vegetarian dishFriendly staffGood price for a 3 course lunch.
4	Great little bistro in Montreal. The deal is the inclusive meal, inexpensive by Canada standards. Quality food served calmly by an attentive staff. Pumpkin soup a bit bland, green salad was fresh and tasty. The turbot was cooked perfectly with nice rice and veggies. Escarole and Jambon (ham) gratinee was a nice blend of cheese and cream sauce. Dessert was not memorable; coconut cake and black cherry cake, ehh. Value to quality was memorable. Yelp steered us well again!
4	I chose this place for TasteMtl because of the simplicity of its menu. It was straight forward and the price was quite reasonable. 19 bucks for a French 3 course meal! Talk about a deal!  So I went with my boyfriend and friend, we ordered 3 different main dishes. But for the appetizer it was the same : French onion soup. The soup was very delicious, I wouldn't say it's the best onion soup in Montreal like it was advertised on the website, but it was  nonetheless appetizing.  My main course was sauteed pork with mustard sauce. It had a mild sour kick and the pork was so well cooked. My friend had a vegetarian "lasagna", that was quite filling. It had so much cheese that I was actually glad I didn't get it. I would have been so full to the max and sleepy. My boyfriend had an amazzzzing tilapia with capers. I think his dish was the most simple and mild in terms of taste. For dessert I had a small slice of nutcake with pudding while my friend had some sort of pear with sauce. All in all, service was extremely attentive and friendly and the food was satisfying. Check out this restaurant if you want something low-key for atmosphere.
3	Really more of a 3.5. Quaint, charming and lovely restaurant. Good and amiable service. Their food has a home-cooked style to it - it's not particularly pretentious about food presentation, but it's confident in the quality and taste of the food itself. My brother ordered the duck leg (which was amazing and so tender) while I had the chicken breast stuffed with goat cheese.All mains come with soup/salad and dessert. Please do yourself a favour and pick the lemon tart! My brother was a bit disappointed with his almond cake, but I definitely loved my choice.Their wine menu was a bit odd, in my opinion. Maybe I'm not used to it, but I had to ask separately for the menu for wine by-the-glass. The menu had no description as to each type of wine - they were simply labelled 'Riesling', "Pinot Grigio", etc. Would have liked to know where it's from, from year, etc. I still enjoyed my wine, but it doesn't make sense to have to ask about each wine one by one.
3	Quaint little spot in Old Montreal that I found myself at dining along on business a few months back.  This place had definitely more of an intimate, romantic date kind of feel, so maybe I wasn't able to appreciate the full ambiance of Le Beourlingueur, but I still had a fine dinner!  I started with the Carrot soup, which I loved, for obvious reasons for those who know me.  I then tried their special for the night, which was a pot of Sauerkraut and different kinds of homemade sausage.  The food definitely had a much more German feel than French, but it made sense after the waiter explained the part of France that their food represented, which has a heavy German influence.  I enjoyed my meal, however I found myself wishing that I would have ordered something more classically "French".  Beyond the food, the service here was fantastic, very attentive and knowledgeable!
4	Dinner on a Thursday night in Montreal, here for a conference, a reunion with old and good friends.We picked this place because it was only a short walk from the hotel and had traditional French fare.  The place is lovely on the inside, stone walls, very quaint and rustic.  I was initially turned off by the menu- I have an instinctive distrust for plastic-coated menu-books with lots of pages and pictures of the food. . .However, the food was excellent.  I started with the escargots which were buttery, garlicky, chewy goodness.  Then onto a nice green salad with lovely fresh greens and a creamy dressing.  The duck confit was very satisfying-- a good leg/thigh with melting meat and crispy skin, served with sauerkraut and juniper berries.  Finally, a molten lava chocolate cake with a caramel center with ice cream.The staff was so friendly and polite.  We stayed until closing, talking and drinking wine, and they didn't rush us at all.  For a place that might seem like a tourist trap (cheesy menu, rustic theme), the food and the vibe is wonderful.
4	We ate dinner. It is a lovely building and the service was great. I had the fish of the night and my husband had the seafood pot. Both were very good, but not quite as spicy as we had at other French restaurants. It was good and the presentation was okay. The price was wonderful. I would go there again.
5	We found this place by just wandering around Montreal and checking Yelp reviews and I'm so glad we picked it! This is a very intimate restaurant and the staff is very nice. Our service was a bit slow, but our waiter apologized for forgetting us by giving us extra wine, which is always a nice gesture. We both ordered beef stew and it was one of the best meals we've ever had; the flavor was perfect and the beef was incredibly tender. Our dessert of strawberries and cream was such a nice ending to our meal and it was overall a wonderful experience. I highly recommend Le Bourlingueur if you're looking for a traditional French meal or you're looking for a romantic dinner.
4	Very nice little restaurant! We came here for lunch one day and loved it. The restaurant and decor were very charming, and the service was excellent. We both had the beef stew and it was fantastic. The cheesecake was ok, but not great. Still, we would definitely come back again.
4	Wonderful food! A quiet little spot, we booked it here in the rain last night for a late dinner after dodging some crappy food downtown. The staff didn't seem thrilled that we walked in at 9:30 (supposedly closed at 10) but they sat us for dinner anyway. The boys were a little mortified at how quiet the restaurant was, but to me it was a nice change of pace from the crowds and noise of downtown (I also used to work in a library...) My dietary restrictions are essentially paleo-pescetarian, and there were plenty of choices for me here, as well as my two meat eating dining companions. The meals each came with a soup or salad, the broccoli soup I had was fantastic and perfect for the rainy weather outside. I heard the boys talking about the dressing being really tasty and not too creamy, they seemed pleased. The fish I had was tasty although I'm not sure how it was cooked..I would have preferred it grilled or baked or something, but it was a little bland. Luckily the leeks and mustard sauce covering it was delicious and the seasoned veggies were the perfect side. Dessert was included I think, but none of us wanted the actual dessert that came with the meals. I have no idea what I ordered; it was the only choice NOT translated into english, but I saw 70% chocolate and was sold. It was like a little ice cream stuffed pastry or something, not too much and very reasonably priced. Great food and the service was good, although the staff was not super friendly...maybe they were just irritated at us for coming in so late. Although another table of 4 walked in after us and they sat them too, so I didn't feel as bad. Definitely on the romantic side but a very cute little spot for friends or family gathering too!
2	I was disappointed in my yelper pals..  No way this place deserves a 4 average. Onion soup was mediocre, salad had just mixed greens and onions.  My "shrimp" and scallops in cream au gratin was not good at all the shrimp were just bigger than brine shrimp all overcooked and cheese dry and cold on top. Carrot cake (free) desert was not worth the price.  The waitress was nice though. Wife liked her liver.  The salmon was dry and the sausages looked like raw hotdogs. Stay away. Very tourist-trappy
1	I was really excited to take my sister here for her 18th birthday.  56 Reviews and 4 stars I thought for SURE it would be supreme.  I thought wrong.  I ordered soup which tasted like green pea colored baby mush. My sister ordered the salad which consisted of lettuce and a few decorations.  The entrees came out.  My sister got the duck entree which had 'OK' sauce, but literally, where was the duck?! Very small portions.  I ordered the fish special on the board.  No flavor whatsoever.  It was so disappointing. I NEVER add salt to my food, and that's all I was doing every single time a plate came out.  For dessert we had the cheesecake - which was NOT cheesecake.  It was some sort of whipped cream in the shape of a slice of cheesecake.  By this time, my sister and I had to crack of laughing because what else could we have suspected at this point.  The beer was good.  I would ONLY recommend the beer.  Everything else was overpriced and had no taste.  I felt like I was at a nursing home where they tried to make the food LOOK delicious even though it doesn't have ANY flavor because it doesn't matter anyway because many elderly lose their taste buds at that point anyway.
3	Cute restaurant with exposed stone wall. They serve comfort bistro French food. The mains come with soup or salad and dessert.For dinner, we ordered the escargot, beef stew and pork with apple sauce. They were just ok. I found the stew to be salty and the pork needed more apple flavor. 3/5For dessert, we ordered the sugar pie and profiterole. The sugar pie was not my thing. 1/5  The profiteroles was good. 3/5
2	how this restaurant received 4 stars on yelp is BEYOND me.bread - a basket full of hard stale bread.  you can tell it has been sitting out for hours. escargot - i've had better, not that flavorfulmushroom soup - where were the mushrooms? more like tastleless pea soupfish of the day was bass - first of all the other waiter mistook it as catfish. second of all, it was VERY bland.pork chops - dry and again, VERY bland.their "famous" carrot cake - nothing special.what the dilly yo yelpers???  +1 star because our waiter was nice, but definitely a waste of time and money in my eyes.
2	We were so disappointed by the food because the place is quaint and cute.Decor/Ambiance 4/5French Bistro type look with a small assortment of tables. We sat near a large window looking out to a cold Montreal Sunday afternoon.  Our table was really unsteady, but the waiter fixed that right up.Service- 4/5The waiter was great and provided good recommendations. However, I couldn't help but notice that the two waiters confused the fish of the day. Food- 1.5/5First, the bread was stale and hard. Second, the soup looked putrid and tasted bland. Third, the escargot was just ok. Pork medallions- dry and tasteless. Carrot cake- mediocre. Bottom line- What sucks is that the waiter was so nice and cheerful. What also sucks is the food.
2	I went here with my husband and friend for dinner this past weekend. I ordered the spinach soup, the stuffed chicken and cherry cake for dessert. The service was very slow because there was only one waiter. The food was okay at best. My soup tasted good but had a very weird chunky consistency. The chicken wasn't fully cooked at its end but was still tasty in the cooked areas... And finally the cherry cake was good but the top was burnt. I feel like this establishment cold be so much better if they weren't under staffed and if they played music in the background. It was SO quiet that we were afraid to speak while eating!
1	Decor/Ambience: It's quaint and we were hoping that we'd stumbled upon a cute little gem of a restaurant on the first day of our trip. Upon entering the restaurant it was odd as it took awhile for us finally to be acknowledged by anyone and then once we were actually seated we picked up on the odd vibe. As mentioned by other reviewers, there is no music and the overall feel of the dining space is awkward as all conversations can be heard. There were numerous moments where a noticeable silence took over and I felt I could hear the people next to me chewing (or maybe I was just that hungry)!Service: AWFUL!!! Our waitress seemed very sweet, but it was obvious her attention was elsewhere. We were seated and it took a good 15 minutes for our order to be taken. It then took another 10 minutes for us to finally see a glass of water. We found ourselves deep in conversation and then realized another 20 minutes had gone by and our waitress was MIA and no appetizers were in sight. Although another waiter passed by our table a few times and even cleaned the nearby table no one seemed to notice or care that we were left totally abandoned.  We figured we'd give it another 5-10 minutes before we gave up, but could not even spot our waitress during that time. Food: While I see other reviews describe the food as "disappointing" I cannot even comment on the bread because after waiting for nearly one hour we did not even see a simple bread basket! We finally reached the point where we just walked out and left since the waiters were all MIA and from what we could see from the one table that had food next to us, it did not look to be worth an hour wait. Needs overall improvement!
3	Didn't think it was anything special. I actually have a headache from trying to eat the hard baguette the sandwich was on.
5	A very very fine meal, kind and informative service. Would go back again. I enjoyed the Alsatian sausage and ham mit potatoes and awesome kraut. Salad and carrot cake desert were very tasty too. He 'table' price was worth it and reasonable.
4	We were looking for some French food, and the food here was very good addition to being well priced. Very friendly staff too.
1	The fish special I ordered tonight tasted like boiled water and it had the consistency of a microwaved dinner. It was served on a uninspired bed of overcooked red cabbage and frozen cubed carrots. Just Awful, I couldn't finish it.The waitstaff was very apologetic and offered carrot cake and chocolate cake as well but the carrot cake was mediocre at best. It was dry and the topping was salty.Overall, very disappointed.
4	Excellent meal. Good value. The salmon with cream sauce was delightful and the chick pea salad was very tasty and interesting. The dressing on the dinner salad was delicious and the French baguette was superb. The servers were very accommodating and attentive. The ambience was just what we were looking for.
