4	I went to this music venue to see "Dave Matthews Band" last year and I had an awesome time.  The crowd there was massive and everyone seated around my section was very friendly.  Then again, that is usually how the crowd is at every Dave concert, so there may be a difference in other crowds for other concerts.The venue has seats at the front for those who chose the more expensive close proximity ticket purchase.  There is also a lawn section for those fans who prefer bringing a blanket in to the show that extends from the middle of the theater to very back.This amphitheater is very similar to the Hifi Buys amphitheater in Georgia, except it seemed to be much cleaner.  Well, as much as it hurts my pride as a born and raised Atlanta guy, Charlotte is arguably a much cleaner city in general.
4	I went to see Rush here, yeah I know its kind of cheesy, but I am a drummer and Neal Pearte is a god.  We had lawn seats and the sound was amazing throughout the show.  I would actually prefer the lawn over the seats, because you are able to stand up and boogie or lay down and streach out when it gets late.  I am going to see the Allman Brothers and Phil Lesh here in about a month and I am really looking forward to visiting Verizon again.
5	I have been to Verizon more times than I can count, for all different kinds of shows, in all different kinds of weather. And I can say that, aside from the musical acts stinking it up occasionally, I have never had a bad time and have always left with another unusual story to tell.Over the years, the parking lot system has been greatly improved, to the point where you really don't wait that long to get out after the show. You used to wait for hours it seemed.The best shows I have seen here have been Aerosmith, Steve Miller, James Taylor and, most recently, Journey.I have always sat on the lawn, and at each one of the shows listed above, a random old couple has handed me a joint. Every time, never fails. I am not a smoker, and I don't think I necessarily look like an obvious pot smoker. For some reason though, a random old hippie couple hands me something to smoke. Never fails.Of course, like every other major entertainment venue, beer prices are out of this world! That's why we arrive early and tailgate like crazy, so we don't have to buy more than one or two beers inside, if any at all.It used to be fairly easy to sneak in an airplane bottle or two, but they have cracked down considerably on that and check people over very thoroughly.The sound and acoustics are pretty good, and its easy to hear and see even from way back on the lawn.The employees have always been fair and helpful in my experiences.
3	I've seen plenty of concerts here over the years, & while I've always been happy with the show, I've never been overly impressed with the amphitheater.There are plenty of parking lots here, so the tailgating is plentiful. And you've already paid your $6 parking fee (with each ticket)...ripoff...so it doesn't matter how many people you cram into your car to try & split the parking fees.As for the inside of the place, I've sat in both the real seats & the lawn, & the lawn is definitely the way to go. Not only are the seats cheaper, it's just easier to seat everyone close together & not have to worry about where you're going to sit. The views & sounds from the lawn are fine, but if you want an up close & personal view of your favorite band, then splurge & get the pricier tickets. Also, if sitting in the lawn area, remember to bring some towels to lay in the grass along with lawn chairs. But make sure your lawn chairs don't sit too high (9" I believe) or you'll have to take them back to your car. You can rent chairs there though for a $5 fee. The concessions will rip into your wallet, with beer at $9 a pop. Yep, $9...But that really isn't my biggest complaint about Verizon. When purchasing your ticket, you'll think you're getting a good price for a lawn seat, around $30 a piece. But once they charge you a $6 parking fee, & $5.50 processing fee per ticket, you won't be too happy. I've never understood why you charge a fee for someone to buy a ticket, but LiveNation must actually see this as good business.Verizon gets most of the big acts touring the country so you'll always get your big names in concert here for Charlotte. I'd suggest the lawn for all shows & as long as you don't mind spending a large chunk of change when all things are considered, then you'll enjoy yourself. The place won't overly impress you, but also won't disappoint you.
4	I have to admit - I'm a huge fan of this ampitheater mainly in comparison to the ones in the DC area. It was really easy to get to, easy to park and easy to get in and get seated. Back in July, I went to see Dave Matthews and had a GREAT time, mostly because of the venue. They were pretty lenient - you're allowed to bring in food items as long as they are in one ziplock bag. I did that instead of getting screwed by the vendors.All in all, I was just grateful not to have to wait 3 hours to get to the ampitheater and then another 4 hours to get out (Nissan Pavilion, I'm looking at you). Loved it!
4	This was called Blockbuster Pavillion for years.  I've only been here three times.  Once in college for Foreigner.  They couldn't sell enough tix so they gave them away near the dorms.  Next time was almost ten yrs later for Van Halen.  Kind of cool-Whoopie Goldberg introduced the band.  And then lawn seats for Aerosmith.  Great place to catch a show if you can get seat seats.  Don't even bother with the lawn.  Hardly any grass and you have further to walk to the bathrooms and beverage centers.
2	I come here a couple times every summer to catch 80's  hair metal bands that are past their prime. I always get lawn seats, which are super cheap for most shows, and then me and my friends pregame in the parking lot. It is usually a good time but I attribute that to good company and being able to tease the hell out of my hair. I really don't care for the venue at all. Half the time the screens on the lawn aren't on so you can't really see shit. The e-mails live nation sends out stating what is prohibited in the venue are usually wrong. For one show this year they sent out an email saying no blankets, towels or lawn chairs. Then when we got there everyone had blankets and chairs. Lame. The thing that pisses me off the most about this place though is that they charge $11 for a 24oz beer. A $3 increase from what they were charging last year. It's cool though, I've become a master at sneaking in mini bottles.
3	I've seen a few shows at Verizon Wireless Amphitheater in my time in Charlotte.  I've even been to a show where I won tickets and someone else drove a bus there.  The one thing that they have going for them is plentiful parking.  Lots all over the place.What makes it bad is that there aren't too many ways in and out - just one long road (it does go in two directions, however).  That means the lines are really long when it's time to go home.  Your best bet is to sit back and relax.  Luckily most concerts have methods for relaxing, if you're into that.The venue itself is decent, if perhaps a bit aged.  Lawn seats are generally a decent way to go if you don't mind crowds.  The fixed seats can be had for a bargain if you wait for a deal.  Either way will get you a surprise when you check out and see a parking fee and a ticket fee slapped on the price.Once you're there, however, look for an El Cheapo ticket for something like $10 for the next show, with no fees.  That's the real bargain.  You just have to like the show.Also be sure and watch out for hefty concessions.  It's worse than athletic events, so bring your wallet.  And ATM card.  Pre-approval for a house loan probably wouldn't hurt.
4	Think big for Verizon Amphitheatre. It's a big venue with big drinks and occasionally big lines for the bathroom. Big acts usually come here. It can also be big pain in the ass to leave this venue after the show. But I digress, it's a solid place to catch your favorite big band or act. I've been here for two shows, both of which I had lawn seats. While I agree with Kevin G. (as in don't expect to actually see much from the lawn), I enjoyed both concerts. I will note, however, that both shows had the big screens lit with the band and/or singers so that was a definite plus. There is free parking at the farther of the two lots (at least during the two shows I went to), so if you don't mind walking an extra 200 yards, you'll be better off. There are a handful of bathrooms that can indeed have long lines, but if you're first walking in and have to go, keep walking past the surely long-lined first bathroom to the next one (near all the drinks and eats). Lines will be shorter, much shorter, promise. There are rental chairs available for lawn seats - those so called mini lawn chairs that hover about six inches above the grass. My word of advice, bring a blanket, holmes. Snacks and all types of libations are pricey - be prepared for $5/$6 beers and large bottles of water for $4.50. They also have those GIANT frozen drinks, too. A friend of mine mentioned that she thought this area has a noise ordinance that prevents any concerts from playing past 11 pm - and that may indeed be the case. Good to know for those who are attempting to skirt some traffic. Enjoy the show!
4	Ya gotta love paying $13.00 for a beer! GREAT!
4	The run great ticket specials, have good security, decent food (although pricey) and I've experienced some of the best shows ever seen there!
2	It is the in suburbs.I don't know if I really need to say anything else. A concert in the 'burbs? You are rockin' it out right next two a two story, faus brick, vinyl siding house. It hasn't been updated...ever. The place is crumbling. It has this really cheesy theme of trying to look like an old fashioned downtown (or at least that is what I think they were trying to accomplish)Everything if overpriced. Obviously.Parking is a NIGHTMARE. It took us almost 2 hours to get out after the Radiohead show.HOWEVER, we did go with mini liqour bottles in our purses and they completely turned a blind eye. I almost feel like security felt bad for us. Only go if you LOVE the band.
2	I've been to dozens of concerts here. Mostly Widespread Panic, and one great, wonderful No Doubt show.It's an okay venue. Tailgating is allowed, which is always fun. Staff is fine and bathrooms are clean enough. Searches can be thorough or a joke - you can never tell. I've snuck in plenty of minibottles and had a bottle or two confiscated. It's just that there is nothing particularly interesting about it. If you've been to Walnut Creek in Raleigh or N'Telos in Norfolk, you know exactly how it's laid out and how much the drinks cost (way, way too much). You know that you can smoke on the lawn but that you need to watch yourself in the seats. You know that you need to bring cash because the vendors don't accept them and the lines for the ATM are long and the charges super-high.These venues are only good if you're seeing a good show. Otherwise, there is little to differentiate or recommend any particular pavilion. They're all professional and all boring.  I'll come here again, but not because I like the Verizon Wireless Amphitheater.
2	This is a city of four lane streets and the road into this place was two lanes!  It was a nightmare getting to the show and we missed the opening show!  If you work a regular job, you may want to leave early and get to this place really, really early.  Like others have said, concessions are insanely priced.   The facility was nice and clean, however the lawn seats were way too expensive.  You barely see the band.  I know pricing is not the facilities fault...I guess I'm spoiled by my hometown venue where there wasn't a bad seat...or patch of lawn...in the house.
3	Good venue to watch a show.  I've never gotten seats and always hang out on the lawn.  That's the best place to be.  Also, watching a concert outdoors has that added extra element of atmosphere.  Watch out for HIGH concession prices! OUCH!
4	I'm a a concert freak.  From Tom Petty to Hatebreed, Godsmack to Rusted Root, Ludacris to Dave Matthews Band... I have probably been there. Maybe twice.  Yes, the beer and food is at the upper limit of pricing and yes, it can be a pain to get out at the end of the night but really, it's a great venue.  I typically always get lawn seats and still have a great view (and make new friends in the process!), the grounds are always clean, there is a fair amount of accommodations, lots of beer and food stands, I feel very safe and it is very accessible. Tip: Upgrade to VIP parking. Easy to get in and out of the venue and it is very accessible to exit the venue to get to your car.
2	I've been here a ton of times to see a whole variety of shows.Number one - traffic is OUTRAGEOUS!!! I dont know if its because of the crappy 2 lane road the ampitheatre is located on or the management of the traffic, but either way it sucks.  Leaving isn't any better either.They do have a good amount of parking - and it isn't a far walk from even the farthest parking lot.Prices for beer are a little redic.  Some of the highest I've ever seen ever.  They do have a good variety of shows out of this place, great place for people watching (you definitely get a bunch of different characters)Overall just meh.
3	Hey guess what cowboy? This is a huge concert venue, why are you reading reviews?  You know that even at their best they are always middle of the road, and you don't have an option.Pro:  They get major acts to perform on a regular basis, the staff is generally not a bunch of jerks, and while Pavilion Rd. is a testament to poor city planning traffic is not #SMDHV horrible, just #SMH horrible.  Parking is "free," so that's what goes into all those ticketmaster fees, thanks corporate America!Con:  $11.00 is not an appropriate price for a deuce-deuce of Coors Light.  Food is not horrible unless you get a "fresh" hot pretzel, welcome to crown-ville - population: cracked tooth.  Tickets are not cheap, and by not cheap I generally mean expensive for seats middle of the road for lawn.  As with any public place, lavatorial facilities are quick to be disgusting.  For me, the University area is the middle of friggin nowhere, and it is not too convenient to get to and fro.But like I said, you don't have a choice.  So there is really no debating it. Bring beers, keep an ice cold cooler by your car and "pre-game."  That's the only suggestion I have for ya.
4	I went to a concert here last month and I thought this venue was great!  I love that it's enclosed by so many trees.  I sat in the front and the seats were comfortable and spacious.  The sound was perfect.I did not experience the outrageous traffic other reviewers experienced.  Quite the contrary really.  I was in and out in no time and I did not pay for VIP.  The food and beverages were overpriced but that's to be expected.  Thankfully the artist I went to see set up fill up stations with filtered water so I was able to fill up my water bottle for free.  Yay!  :)
4	This is like a 3.5 rounded up to a 4. I came, I heard good music, I left satisfied. I can't help but frown at a couple of factors though. I've been here several times, most recently for the 106.5 The End Weenie Roast. Ahh, grass seats to an all-day concert in the rain, who could ask for anything more? Oldy McOldpants that we are, my friend and I wussed out and bought $10 upgrades to a seat under cover. Best decision of the day.The setup itself I think is great. There is not a bad seat in the house, and you can hear the music clearly all the way in the parking lot. And I was not aware until this visit that there were VIP tables with full service- maybe I just wasn't paying attention. I don't know how much they cost but to save the cost of waiting in the concessions line, I might consider it. Alright, concessions. Here's where I think they fall short, and by fall short, I mean inching very close to highway robbery. Obviously it's going to be expensive- my friend informed me that venues like this make most of their profits from concessions. My real problem is with the price comparisons from one item to another. I got a chicken tender basket with fries and a beer: $15. But a beer by itself is $13. And the beer is in a can and you didn't even have to cook it. Even funnier is that a glass of wine is $8, but nachos are $8.50. Save money, get drunk! (I should point out that they do allow you to bring in your own food and water, as long as you follow their rules about containers, but you can't bring in beer and no one wants to see Flogging Molly sober.)Is it worth it to see a show here? Yes. Just eat before you come and be prepared for a little pinch in your wallet if you get hungry.
3	It's a great venue to see a live performance but the prices inside are getting out of control. I understand that ticket sales are down, and performers are making more if not all of the profits from ticket sales but $13 for a beer is just too much. I cant help but thing they would sell a lot more alcohol and tickets if it didn't cost you so much in additional fees/service charges as well as eating and drinking inside.
5	...there's just something about this venue...I must admit, I am a bit partial to Verizon Wireless Amphitheatre (VMA).  I have had many memorable experiences here.  I have seen so many amazing shows, and have had so many unbelievable summer nights with friends at VWA, that I simply can't give this place a bad review.VWA is easily accessible from both interstates 485 and 85.  There is plenty of parking, which is usually FREE!!  However be warned, though entering the facility and finding a parking space is usually a quick and efficient process, departing after a show can often be hectic. Beer and alcohol are expensive.  There's simply no other way to put it.  Bud, and Bud light tallboy cans are in excess of $10.  Unless you're a millionaire, don't even think about getting food.  Its just as expensive and the quality is below par on all other accounts as well.  As far as the actual music venue itself...there is plenty of lawn seating available to most shows.  The view from the lawn seating is usually straight enough for most shows.  Of course, the closer you can sit the better.  VWA is the perfect outdoor venue for any show.  In the words of the great Trey Anastasio, "There's just something about this venue...."
2	Good place to see a show, concessions are way over priced.
1	Do something about the traffic!    Put up signs and warn people who aren't coming to the show to stay away, at least.
3	Just caught another show here recently. This place is huge! Whether you go with reserved seating or the lawn, you'll have a good view. Plenty of big screens if you are in the way back. This venue has lots of free parking too. Don't worry, they make up for that with the prices on food and drinks. Wow! $13 for a tallboy beer. They know they've got you. It won't stop me from seeing more shows here.
4	Saw two shows this past week at this venue.  I had a great time on both occasions.  The sound was terrific, the big screens make it possible to see the action, even from the lawn, where I sat for the Train concert.  Parking on arrival is fairly easy.The food is good, although a little pricey for what is offered.  I would have given 5 stars, except getting out of the parking lot is a nightmare after shows as there is no one directing and it's basically a free for all!I still like this venue best for outdoor concerts and will definitely be back.
4	This is a great venue but the sound quality could've been better. The lines weren't long at all for bathrooms or beers. Enjoy.
3	Atmosphere was great.. Worth admission costs for seating, sound, etc. But parking and traffic is horrible and 13 dollars for a beer.. 6 dollars for a bag of peanuts.. Way overpriced..
3	I wasn't sure if I was at Charlotte Motor Speedway or not.  Holy freakin traffic nightmares.  The show ended at 11:00, didn't get home until 2:30...and I live 40 minutes away.As far as venues go, the setup at Verizon is actually pretty nice.  Major kudos to the sound technicians too.  Way above average!  The downside to the venue is the cramped seating and concession prices.If you're hungry or thirsty for some cold ones, get it done in the parking lot.  Git er Done!!  Sorry, couldn't help myself.Overall, the experience is great until you have to leave.  The traffic leaving can turn a great night into one that made you wish you stayed home.
3	Nice place. Other than no enough toilets, we  loved it. Food and drinks are super expensive and you cant bring stuff in. You can however do trunk parties. Tailgate parties? Nice but put the porta potties around the area when you have thousands.
3	Blockbuster. Verizon Wireless. And now... PNC. Actual conversation that took place at Lady A last week- Me: Why did they change the name?Random worker: I dunnoMe: Was it because the cell service is so terrible here that you felt like you were living a lie?Random worker: *blank stare*Sigh, venue bartenders don't find me funny. I probably go to around ten shows a year here. So what can you expect here? -The sound will be hit or miss. Pray to the music gods all day before a concert-It takes forever to get out of this place-Beers are experience. It's a venue. Of course they cost a lot.-Ladies, you will freak out when you see the bathroom lines. They do move rather quickly though.-You can tailgate in the parking lot. Country shows have some great tailgates. Bathroom situation... well, welcome to the great outdoors.A cab from here to uptown is around $32-$40. If you luck out (or have a death wish), some cabs will hit the suicide lane and blow by all the traffic. I recommend covering your eyes.Another ride option: check Rockhouse Events. They do buses for a lot of the shows. Well worth the money if you plan to booze it up. Hey, $20 is a lot better than a DUI my friends.Summer country concert season is underway. Be safe out there kids and have fun.
4	Great concert venue,  I've been to concerts on the lawn and in the seats and enjoyed the sound from both.My only complaints are about the ridiculous drink prices and the even more absurd bathroom situation... Too many port-a-potties and too few toilets.
3	I'm writing this review with mixed feelings. I normally like this venue just fine. We go fairly often and have never had any trouble. There is plenty of comfortable lawn seating. The parking lot is kind of a madhouse but we just get the chairs back out, open the cooler back up, and continue tailgating while the traffic thins out after events. The bathrooms are reasonably clean and the lines move fast. Overall, I like it. The problem is the terrible experience I had at Warped Tour yesterday. I will spare you the whole long story, but let me give you the nutshell:1. PNC Music Pavilion is not equipped to handle this kind of crowd. There were not enough staff members and no one understood where any lines were supposed to be formed. Any line we tried to get in ended up being a mob of people and there was no way to prevent a crowd from getting in front of you if you tried to politely wait in line. 2. The food prices were EXTREME. We ended up waiting until we left to eat because I could not bring myself to pay $11 for one order of chicken strips. 3. The employees were unbelievably rude. I have not experienced this problem at PNC before, so perhaps it was just this particular event. It's a long day, it's hot, and the crowd is exhausting. I get it. But guess what? I'm still the one who paid to be there, and you're still the one being paid to help make my day enjoyable. I'm not rude to you; how about a little courtesy?I was so disgusted with the way yesterday's event was handled that I am tempted to drop my review down to one star. But, that's just me being irritable because of one experience. I've actually had far more perfectly good experiences there than bad ones. Lesson learned, re: festivals/all-day events at this venue. Will continue to attend normal concerts happily.
2	Good venue, but maybe not hire the stoner kid to run the parking lot. He literally forgot the middle line of traffic existed.
4	Saw Linkin Park here last night and it was a great show. AFI and 30 Seconds to Mars were amazing as well. It was a great night with great energy, the atmosphere was amazing. Definitely looking forward to returning for more concerts.
2	Terrible experience just now, had to share. To be fair, the seating/accoustics/performers are always fine. The experience is always hampered (upon arrival and departure) by the parking situation!We had such a poor experience - and the biggest complaint is how poorly they accommodate fans who wish to have a fun family tailgating experience. Essentially, your options for this are very limited!This was such an abuse of power and such idiocy. They greeted us with... Intimidation and anger! (Bizarre to say the least) On this day, parking opened ONE HOUR BEFORE THE EVENT??? A few hours ago the "day of website" said 3pm so we planned accordingly... Ready to tailgate before the Oddball (Comedy) Festival, we checked it again at noon, still said 3pm. There should be a way to subscribe for updates... We planned and checked the "day of" link, arrive only to find it had again been updated and get aggressive personnel tell us to turn around, and leave right away. What? Event is at 5, now parking doesn't open till 4pm? The officer, frankly, was a jerk too! (Ok, the time changed, but handle it better!!!)We had just pulled in, we're asking the parking lot attendant when it changed and up comes a macho police officer (so he thought he was), stomping up to our car to interject. What was odd, is he came out of nowhere, we had been there for about 35 seconds, seated and buckled talking through our window, and up comes this officer with Napoleon Complex - or some issue...  He quickly waddles up - like he's chaeffed or something - and before my husband (driver) can turn his head to look at him he yells, "TURN AROUND!" Then walks up to his window and yells it again. Annoyed, but knowing not to do anything stupid, my husband says "Yes, sir" and still, this officer is yelling, turn around. I have to imagine he had JUST come off of a case or some issue - nothing could explain his approach, aggressiveness and anger. Becuase you never know how crazy people are or when they will chose to abuse their power, we did as asked and left - and then SAT IN A PARKING LOT A MILE AWAY FOR AN HOUR! Stupid! If we had the time, I would have gotten this guy's name and badge number to file a formal complaint. Since I didn't/couldn't, I'm venting here. TIP FOR "SECURITY": How about, I don't know, you speak in a normal tone and explain the schedule changed. It was interesting watching the the attendant's emotions go from angry and annoyed, while sitting, to STANDING (remind you, we're seated in our car), with a red face and teetering angrily like he's going to fight or have an accident in his pants...? This is so bizarre, and frankly pitiful. Especially since we paid a lot of money for VIP parking and box seats. Reconsider the next time you attend an event here, my husband swears he won't return.  PNC/LiveNation, revisit your parking policy, your hours, your communication of last minute changes, and add some bathrooms throughout the parking lot. Had to share our experience. From reading other reviews, their whole parking situation, unprofessional parking staff's and police's manner of handling parking, the admission process and exit procedures have cost them some well earned negative reviews and a poor reputation. Also, I've noticed they don't adhere to the "no tall camping chairs" in the lawn rule. So if you go, be prepared to be treat poorly, wait forever to park, if you're in the lawn just know you cannot see over the tall chairs, and know it takes a good 1+ hour to exit while nearly getting hit by aggressive drivers trying to cut in front of you (or drunkenly into the side of you)... oh, and don't bother paying extra for VIP parking (there's nothing VIP about it). VIP seats are fine, but don't pay for the parking "upgrade." Tsk tsk PNC!The learnings for PNC/LiveNation: Provide updates on changing parking lot times, allow MORE time so families CAN tailgate (you're not using the lot anyway, let guests in and get settled), provide restrooms/porta-potties in the lots, make parking & LEAVING much safer and more efficient. Lastly, teach your staff and the hired help some manners. As for the performers - they always provide a great experience! As I hope would be expected, this is a review on the services and the venue itself only. Don't bother doing lawn seats unless you don't mind having some big guy in a large camping chair sitting in front of you either... if you can, pay extra for seats.
4	Great venue to see shows. And the parking lot is great for tailgating before hand to save yourself from $11 beers inside.
1	Total piece of white trash at the gate gave me an attitude about proving I am disabled...then said she doesn't remember me.  We have dealt with her three other times....great customer service - NOT!))
