1	After having such a miserable experience, I feel socially obligated to post this review no later than 30 minutes after eating at Ocarnivores so that others do not suffer the same fate as myself.In no particular order, let's count some ways that make this place the worst attempt to copy Chipotle ever:1.) They were out of pico de gallo;2.) They were out of lettuce;3.) The food server picked the salsa and sour cream bottles out of a container with melted ice and the water from the bottle dripped all in the burritos and rice bowl as the items were poured;4.) The food server continually touched the tortilla to her filthy shirt as she made the burrito;5.) The food tasted stale and the salsa was not good;6.) The bowl was almost the same price as Chipotle yet it was half the size;7.) There weren't any other customers and the servers stared at me while I ate; and8.) They didn't have any type of sign for visibility.A $9 "meal for two" Groupon brought me here.  The pictures were grossly misrepresented on Groupon.Without a doubt, save your time and money and avoid this place like the plague.  Some businesses truly deserve to fail and this is one of them.
1	I feel really bad writing this review - but I have to. Ok, here it goes. They have no liquor license, but their menu on the wall shows prices for beer, etc. They also do not currently serve 1/2 of the food menu on the wall but it's in bold, large letters. I don't know why they don't cover it if they're not serving it. First of all, the first time we went they were out of guacamole, lettuce and cilantro.The staff was super friendly so I decided to give them another shot today. Today they were out of straws and medium sauce. *sigh*The salsa was good but the beans were really hard and my tortilla was burnt. I had to pay $2 extra for guacamole and there wasn't hardly any in there. The portion for the burrito was HUGE but the beans were hard so it wasn't super enjoyable. I don't think I'll be going back and to be honest, there isn't much food traffic going in there. I don't see it being open for too long.
1	I am unsure if one star is low enough. We asked if they were ever referred to as the fake chipotle.  The girl was very smug and replied, the difference is we make all our own food.  Hmmm, ok, well let's give you a try.  We wanted a chicken burrito and a chicken salad.   The girl was slowly making quesadillas one at a time, and said our order would be a while. When our order arrived, the salad was tiny and all thrown together. The burrito was supposed to have guacamole, and had a tiny bit in one end. Beans were undercooked and tasteless.  Rice was bland and resembled minute rice from a box. Chicken had no identifiable flavor at all. We were not impressed with the food, atmosphere, ie wwf smack down really loud, or the food.  There were only a handful of people there, and the quality of the food is probably why.  We won't be going back.  A real chipotle is always close by.
1	I was there on 10/18/13.  Obviously the kind of reviews it was receiving led to its on downfall.  The place is closed for "rebranding" - and may re-open under a different name in 2014.
