1	Terrible Herbst/Chevron had been advertising a .20 cent per gallon discount with the purchase of a car wash.  I pulled into this location, and while at the pump, I saw this very deal electronically advertised above the pump, every 20 seconds or so.  Based on the advertisement, I purchased a car wash for $7.00 and began to pump gas.  I was looking for the .20 cent discount, but it did not seem to happen as I was pumping.  I put in approximately nine gallons of gas, and looked closely at the receipt.  Hmmm, no discount still.  Sure, I was charged for the car wash, that was clearly evident on the receipt.  Well, I am a consumer that absolutely hates to be lured into purchases based on false advertising, so I was willing to go to the clerk and ask about the discount.  She was respectful, but stated that deal ended yesterday.  I pointed out that it is still actively advertised at the pump, this very second.  She realized she could not resolve the problem, and brought me the manager.  He stated the same thing, that the offer ended yesterday.  I stated the same thing "You still are advertising the special".  He asked "Where?" and I told him "it's on an electronic rotation right above the pump where I accepted the deal".  He said he would not honor the advertised deal.  I told him that I wasn't going to get mad, but I was going to Yelp about his business on the internet.  I also told him I would never ever do business at that site again.  He stated "So long as you aren't mad."  Personally, I think this is a bad move for a business to rip off a customer who purchases your product for $41.57 and then the business won't honor their advertised discount that comes to a whopping $1.80.  I'll let you all decide for yourselves whether you'd do business at this location.  By the way, the wash for $7.00 wasn't too bad.
3	No frills gas station located at a busy intersection near downtown. The good things about this location include a large convinience store, numerous gas pumps (have never seen too many being used at once so there's never a wait) and a self service drive thru car wash. The negatives about this place mainly involve it's location in a seedy looking part of town. There are many interesting characters walking around so be careful while pumping gas if you're not familiar with the area. I stop here a lot because it's really close to my work and I know I can get in and out unlike most other small gas stations in the area...otherwise I would not stop here
