5	This is a brand new Comfort Inn & Suites. When I stayed here it had just been open for less than one month and I was the first person to stay in the particular room I was in. The staff is incredibly friendly and accomodating.The hotel is located one mile from Nellis Air Force Base (for those who might have a loved on in the Air Force or want to enjoy an air show) and two miles from the Las Vegas Motor Speedway. This Las Vegas hotel is also close to McCarran International Airport and Lake Mead National Recreation Area. The Las Vegas strip is about 15 minutes away and there are several restaurants are within walking distance of the hotel. If you are looking for a quiet place to stay off the strip with gorgeous scenary, this is the place for you.
5	Great hotel! Awesome staff and very clean amenities. Stayed there for three weeks and never had an "issue." I would recommend this to a friend that has business at Nellis AFB and will stay here again if I have a letter of non-a.
1	Worst place to stay, we stayed there from june 24th-26th, me and my buddys had 2 room, one room was fine but the other room ac wasn't working, they gave us a shitty portable ac but vegas in a 106 degree weather, those portable ac wont work.  Complained to the front desk, know help, talk to the GM but all this person says is sorry and wont even give me a break.  The sorry was bullshit, i wished the stupit GM stayed in the weather that we stayed in, the room temp was around 90 degree.  The stupit manager is never available to talk or unless they just didn't wanted to avoid me and talk face to face with me.  I work for comfort inn and being an employee getting treated like shit, maybe because i had the employee rate whice they did not like. Never stay in this hotel again.
5	Incredibly convenient and a great value - perfect place to stay if you are on the North Side of Vegas.Most of the Comfort Inns I have seen or been to are usually older properties. I was pleasantly surprised to see that this hotel was just a few years old. As a result, this place looked pristine, the lobby was incredibly well maintained and rooms were spotless. You could tell the management actually wants you to come back as they do check-up on your stay and willing to do a little extra (bring breakfast up to the room, swap out rooms with a few, provide extra pillows/sheets for free) to make sure you enjoy your stay.Yarod the front desk manager was extremely nice and check-in was smooth and quick. The hotel is just down the street from Nellis air force base and less than 5 minutes from the motor speed which is perfect if you have to go to either one. The location of the hotel is right off the highway and its surrounded by restaurants, gas stations, and a Wal-Mart is down the street if you need anything for your trip. One of the great perks of the place is the complimentary water bottles you get. The staff is more than happy to provide you with as many as you want. This is great because it saves money and usually isn't something people think about when traveling. Like all the other Comfort Inns, this place offers a complimentary morning breakfast, but their's blows the other ones out of the water. They offer up sausage, bacon, and a bunch of different pastries, cereals and all that great stuff! You can make your own egg-Mcmuffin if you want. Overall we were definitely satisfied with our stay, the hotel is convenient, extremely clean, and a friendly staff make it a must-stay if we ever need to get a room on the North side again!
4	I stayed 2 nights (10/31-11/2) at the Comfort Inn on Craig Road.  I was so pleased with the experience from arrival to departure I wanted to give them kudos.  All of the front desk staff were pleasant and provided excellent customer service by describing and offering amenities (bottled water, breakfast, fresh cookies, and even a computer/printer to print my boarding pass).  My room was clean and comfortable, nothing crazy fancy, but exactly what I would expect for this class of hotel.  One issue I find in all levels of hotels is bad water pressure and I was very happy this was not the case at the Comfort Inn since no one wants lingering shampoo/conditioner in their hair.  If I'm in the area again and unable to stay on the nearby Air Force base hotel, I'd be quite comfortable staying at the Comfort Inn.On another note, and not necessarily related to the hotel itself, the neighborhood isn't the best, so if you stay here don't go walking around solo, get a rental car or have a buddy.  Also, like everywhere in Vegas, ensure your vehicle is locked and no valuables are left in sight.
4	Close to Nellis AFB.  Very nice place to stay.  Homemade cookies all day long.  Free continental breakfast that's is well worth $10.  Rooms are affordable and clean.
5	I love this place. Will definitely return. Place is friendly, clean and they have  free coffee, hot cocoa, and water all day. They also have free continental breakfast, they have many options to choose from, it was delicious. They also give a discount for AAA members.
1	This hotel advertises free transportation to the airport on their website. We booked a room and had a friend pick us up, with the expectation of a shuttle getting us back to the airport. The short of the long: they told us they didn't have a shuttle, but it was parked out front. Then it was, "we don't have a driver". This place gave us such the run around and then we ended up having to wait thirty more minutes for a cab, that we had to pay for. I travel a lot for work/pleasure and I will never return to this hotel.
5	They made our "unexpected" stay super easy and pleasant...got stuck in town on a road trip while our truck was repaired. Room and beds were comfortable and a nice respite from the road. Breakfast was continental plus...lots of hot options, something for everyone,  all kids happy. Judy and the crew allowed a very late check out and then stored our luggage for us while we waited for our truck. All smiles and friendly...so nice in our crappy situation! And reasonable price too.
