1	I lived in this place during grad school in Arizona.  I found it online and the pictures of the grounds looked nice, the apartments were cheap, and it was close to ASU, so what could be bad about it.When I first moved in, I was a bit indifferent about the complex.  My apartment was spacious and while the unit seemed aged (stained carpets, broken cabinets, broken down appliances), I tolerated it for the price and the convenience.  Also, I found the management team responsive at first to maintenance repairs.Now, this isn't exactly the high class establishment, but I didn't expect that from a college town.  I expected a lot of students and loud noises, but it wasn't usually as bad as I thought it would be.  Some of the other people living here besides students seemed a bit low class though, but they never harrassed me.Now, why am I giving this 1 star do you ask?  Well, on the back side of the complex are railroad tracks that back up into projects.  There were a bunch of punk gang members that would often jump over the fence to vandalize cars.  I didn't have an expensive car, but I got my car broken into once and the stereo stolen.  The management was not responsive this time, and they wouldn't take accountability for their actions.  Some security measures they have here.  With Arizona being so cheap to live, you'd be better off paying a couple hundred more per month to live in a newer, safer, nicer complex, in a better neighborhood.  In retrospect, it would've been worth the extra 10 minute drive to school from Scottsdale.
1	I would never recommend this complex to anyone. As the previous yelper pointed put the cars here get vandalized A LOT! Not only that but management changes every six months and each one wants to clean up the complex differently. We had cute little curtains on our patio and they were fine for 4 months until it randomly rained and made them look weird. We had not had time to clean them yet and then were given a warning to take them down due to "community violation". When asked about it they said we could not use our beige curtains because the color was not approved (it was the exact same color as the outside buildings). I was pissed because two apartments down some tenant has a rainbow/flea market blanket hanging in lieu of cute curtains. The place is never clean and arizonas swat and most wanted teams have been here more than I can count. Management does not give a crap about you and are willing to show it. It is not worth the 100 dollars less to live here. You will become frustrated and annoyed and hate life. The only person worth anything here is Ozzy the maintenance guy. He is pretty freaking awesome though sometimes forgetful.
3	I have lived here for five months now, and it hasn't been terrible but it hasn't been great either.  My particular unit was very clean and in good order when I moved in.  The only issue was that a majority of the outlets didn't work but they fixed that issue quickly.  I feel relatively safe here; I take my dog out late at night and I've never seen any "odd" things going on.  I did experience one creep that tried to come into my apartment at 11:30 at night.  I called the police and they responded immediately.  Haven't had a disturbance otherwise.  It's pretty quiet here too except for a lot of the moms who yell at their kids once in a while.  We did have a pipe break and it's taken awhile for them to come out and patch up everything.  I'd say at least check it out, there's no harm in looking at the place.  It is quite spacious and each unit has its own washer and dryer which is super nice.  It's pretty close to ASU and to a lot of points of interests in Tempe.  Keep in mind you get what you pay for.
3	Rancho Murietta is a decent option with some good and bad aspects.The GOOD:The apartment is spacious, and came with good working appliances including a dishwasher and washer/dryer. Covered parking is included, with lots of extra parking for visitors. Maintenance has always been very quickly responsive to take care of any problems in my apartment. The complex has a high wall and only one entrance or exit, along with a security patrol at night, so things seem fairly secure to me. The A/C works well to keep the apartment cool. The location is also pretty good from my perspective - there is a 7-11 and a great taco shop a short walk away, and the free Orbit Mars bus goes right by the apartment complex allowing you to commute for free to ASU.OK, now the BAD:Above all, make sure you DO NOT get an apartment right next to the courtyard with the pool and basketball/volleyball courts. Before school starts in the summer, and well into the fall, there will be sizable groups of people out there after the 10 pm quiet hours making a lot of noise that carries through the thin apartment walls. I had to call the courtesy patrol almost nightly for a long period, and if they don't answer then the non-emergency police line takes forever to respond. If there's no enforcement of the quiet hour rules, then there is honestly no reason to have them, because they are ignored by inconsiderate people all the time.My other gripes are fairly minor. Another problem due to other residents: dog poop being left around was a big nasty problem when I moved in - even though there is a fine it isn't well enforced just like the noise policy. That seems to have improved a lot. The apartments are also pretty old and feel kind of cheap; this means the fixtures aren't the nicest (although everything works), and if your neighbors upstairs don't actively try to not stomp around and bang things, you're going to hear everything they do (including their crying baby). I also had a problem with ants for a while. The weekly pest control is a nice service, but it doesn't solve the problem permanently - I had to poison the ants myself to get them to go away. That's about all I have to say!
1	cockroach infested! terrible beyond belief. huge ripoff!
1	Stay away from Rancho Cockroachietta, My wife and lived here for a yr, and made repeated request for building to be fumigated because of cockroach problems, and bed bugs. Only to told by management that complex doesn't have a roach problem. WRONG WRONG WRONG, My wife is bitten nightly by bed bugs, and I have woken up with cockroaches crawling across my arm. Their own pest control person even admits that is a problem, but still they won't do anything about it. Now because of this problem we are being evicted because of it, and have to throw out a California King bed that cost 1500 because of the bedbugs.Also the first night we were there, someone asshole vandalized my wife's brand new car, and when I reported to the management, all they could say is we aren't responsible for damaged property. I can guarantee that if there property was damaged those losers would going after the person who did it.
1	Just got back from Rancho Cochroachiette, finding out what damage they say I did, turns out these cocks charged me $85 to resurface counters that were falling apart when we moved in there, and there still not replacing them, what a bunch of fucking scum sucking assholes. IMT management wants a war come fucking get it. Oh by the way Rancho Cockroachiette, I will be sending you the bill for the damage that happend to my wifes new car on the first day we were there.
1	The most frustrating unintelligent staff you can imagine that go back on their leasing quotes! Don't bother!
