3	We like this place ok.  The coffee is usually pretty good.  The staff has almost always been nice.  It is convenient for us and it has a drive through which is very nice at 6 in the morning.The inside is unfortunately a dungeon.  When they designed this they should have put the seating area on the south side.  Big mistake.  Please remodel.Furthermore there are trees on their lot that are really suffering.  This may be the ultimate responsibility of their facility owner but Starbucks should be contacting them to correct this.   There is a tree that was hit by a plow that is struggling for life near the drive through and at the entrance there is a tree that should have been treated for insects but was left to be devoured.  If they don't care for their "landscape grounds" how can I be sure that they care for their "coffee grounds".Too often the service area in the drive-through is filthy,  I want to give this place more stars because the people are so nice but the service window is a pig sty and the plantings look like some picked over garden supply lot.  Been that way for years!   Ugh.
3	This Starbucks is close to my home so I go here often. The staff is very friendly and the drinks are consistenly good. I do frequent other Starbucks and the Fitchburg location has to be LOUDEST one I've been in. There is not a single sound-deadening element - tile floors, wood chairs, glass - and between the coffee grinder, the vacuum and the chatter it gets NOISY here. I agree with the post that the location needs a redesign... facing south to take advantage of the sunlight and view would be nice. The drive-through is handy but the parking lot has just one way in/out so there is some tricky manuvering. Hey Starbucks, how about a new location with some more space in Fitchburg?
2	Let me clarify - I am a fan of coffee, especially if it is brewed/prepared correctly. Typically Starbucks does that very well - customer service can wreck a whole rating.  When I am here on business I make a stop at this Starbucks every morning.  There are two cashiers (not sure if they are baristas as well) who are my favorite.  One is a guy with long hair usually pulled back in a pony tail - he is always nice and cordial.  The other is an older lady who is always very sweet.  I wish I could say the same for the barista who is usually there on the mornings I am in town.  No name tag so my best description is she is always a little heavy on they eye makeup (okay a lot heavy) and lipstick.  She NEVER makes eye contact with me (I am demanding that way - good customer service, eye contact, smile) and today she was chatting it up with another customer waiting at the bar.  This barista was trying to guess what this customer took in that customers drink ('Don't you take 2 splenda?' - customer :'Who?' barista: 'you' customer: 'no' barista: 'okay') While this conversation is happening  - she plops my drink on the counter and doesn't say a word.  Nothing.  Just puts it there and continues on her not so merry way making drinks.  Wow.    When there is a line of customers and everyone is kind of eyeing one another like 'is that yours' - it'd be nice for you to announce what drink that is - or just read my name off the side and I'll come get my drink I paid for.  Coffee - 4 starsCashier Customer Service - 4 starsBarista Customer Service - meh 2 stars.I'll be back - because I like coffee and hopefully one of two things will happen 1) she won't be so disdainful or 2) she'll be off that day.
3	I went back this morning, same barista - different demeanor! :)  Friendly and helpful.  (She got me a drink carrier and the oatmeal the cashier forgot to give me).  Pleased and of course, I'll be there tomorrow. :)
4	It's starbucks.   Close to work, easy walk, and I can get a convenient latte.  Normally 3 stars but, the folks that work there always make me smile :)
4	I love what they have done to the place! I've been there before and after the remodel, and I love the new seating arrangements they have. Although I wish they still had the awesome chessboard tables + boardgames, the overall increase in tabletop capacity makes this particular location much more inviting to patrons looking for places to study/work (me!). This is the reigning Dane County Starbucks location in my book! (:
5	Super sweet staff and they always give my two big dogs whipped cream! :)
4	For a Starbucks they are pretty good.  I have camped out there for an hour or so to take advantage of the free Wi-Fi and have been pleased with how clean the place is and the level of service.  When in need, I always pick it over the Panera which is close by because the Starbucks has many power outlets and the Panera only has one I can find.Big downside to this location is that they have a bad parking lot. If you don't pay attention it would be easy to get into an accident there.
4	Love the convenience of the drive thru! Staff are always friendly and service is fast! Only downside is the parking lot entrance and exit.
4	Drive thru gets clogged quickly with caffeine addicts.This being said the staff is on it like a rabbit in a hole.  They're fast, quick moving little bunnies aiming to please the heck out of those desperate caffeine addicts.They keep the inside of this place clean if you ever get out of your car.It's got the new updated look so it looks a bit too hip for Fitchburg.Last time I waited in line, they gave me a free coupon since it took so long.No sweat Starbucky Bunnies, I'll be back.
5	My husband and I frequent this location a couple of times a week and very, very rarely do our drinks not taste up to par. We visited a Starbucks in another and town and both laughed at how critical we were of it. We're a little spoiled by this location! :) The drive-thru, as others have mentioned, fills up fast! But they do a good job pushing everyone through and still delivering yummy treats and drinks. Drinks have always been hot for us; no melted whipped cream or 3/4 full cups here. The rare times that it has taken a little long to get our order, we have received coupons for free drinks...nice!Keep it up Fitchburg! See ya soon:)
3	Alright, it is corporate and a chain. Save your complaints.  This place has a drive thru which is important to people like me. It is cold and I hate getting out of the car. The customer service is a mixed bag. Sometimes good, sometimes less than ok. However, they can move a drive-thru line quickly and get you on your way.  This place will have to do until we get a few more drive-thrus.
