4	For our xmas gifts to each other, we set aside cash for homebrew supplies - knowing that this is where we'd spend the money. Alternative Beverage used to be off South Blvd before the train happened - now, they're in an unassuming industrial space directly behind Sleepy Poet. Climb the steps, walk in, and you're in a warehouse full of everything you'd ever need to distill your own beer or wine. Kits for the inexperienced, barley etc by weight for those with the know, fruit concentrates, huge pots, carboys of several sizes, bottles of varying design, tubes, hydrometers, fridge of yeast and other fragilities, all sorts of fermentable insanity as far as the eye can see. Think Beer Brewing Mad Scientist's Secret Lair. They were a tad swamped on Saturday with only one dude working the register and the kid helping us and everyone else with questions, but they handled our confusion professionally and were obviously stoked to be selling us brewing equipment.We ended up walking away with almost everything (the deluxe kit did not include a funnel, which we thought was odd) we need for less than we had saved, which was a rad surprise. They have a larger warehouse in Belmont but dude #2 told us that they have almost everything in the Charlotte store that "that guy out there can get".Soon enough, we'll be able to Relax, Don't Worry, and Have a Homebrew of our own, thanks in no small part to Alternative. Awesome!
4	They have a really good selection of homebrew supplies that they seem to keep well stocked. Employees are friendly and seem to know their stuff. It is a little frustrating that most items are not priced, so you have to keep asking, or looking at their website on your phone while you shop. I have been to this location as well as the wharehouse in Belmont, and have found the employees to be very helpful and knowledgable at both locations. Overall a very good place to get your brewing supplies...
5	This wonderful place is tucked behind the Sleepy Poet Antique Mall.  Don't be fooled by its warehousey exterior and forbidding door that seems to lead to nowhere.  Inside is a veritable treasure trove of beer brewing and wine vintnering supplies, along with a staff of super-knowledgeable, passionate, and helpful employees.I know next to nothing about brewing beer, but brewing equipment was my husband's Christmas wish, so I took me to the Alternative Beverage and said, "Help!"  The guy who helped me hooked me up with a two stage brewing system, compiled all the equipment my husband would need, and sent me home with instructions and a three month buyer's club entitling my husband to 10% off any purchase.  Divine.We went together to Alternative Beverage this past weekend for supplies for my husband's first batch, and the folks were equally helpful (despite a profusion of douchey dudes and their girlfriends, all milling around the front door... seriously, it looked like an entire group come straight from a full night at Pure and a brunch at Pewter Rose).ANYWAY.  It's a great place to poke around, even if you know nothing about the brewing process.  I found a booklet about making my own vinegar.  Now that's something I can use!
4	Brew your own beer....or wine! Cool!I actually found out about this place through a friend (who lives in WA). My friend brews craft beer and I asked her for advice and she found this supply store for me. It's tucked away behind the Sleepy Poet Antique Mall. There really isn't a warm entrance, but just a regular door with a small sign...so small you literally have to walk up to it to make sure you're in the right place. But there is a larger sign on the wall next to it...Walking in I was really surprised...wall to wall supplies. To the left as you enter, they have a table set up with two starter kits to make beer. The rest of the warehouse has bags and bags full of ingredients and bottles to put it all in. You'll definitely need a large space to put it all. If you are a clean-freak like me, it may deter you from getting it because it's kind of a lot. I'll give it a little while to set in before revisiting this idea. But if you are ready to get your hands dirty and your tastebuds trying new flavors...this is the place! Cheers.
5	I love this place. Every time I need ingredients for brewing I come here. Everyone is knowledgeable and helpful.
4	Alt Bev has been my one stop for micro-brewing since 1996.  What "bought" my loyalty was the time they took with me during my first couple brews.  Pulled their advice line phone number off the website and they patiently took about 5 phone calls within an hour while as I knocked out my first 5-gallon brew.  The beer came out better than great! This location is now my favorite (closer to Spartanburg).  Buy from with confidence.   They're good people.
5	A little hard to find but worth the effort.  Hint, its right behind the sleepy poet antique mall.  They have pretty much all the average home brewer would need.  Plus, knowledgeable people to help.  I hear they also have a warehouse in Belmont and can order pretty much anything else.  Highly recommned.
5	Alternative Beverage has everything you need to brew your own beer or make your own wine. They have knowledgeable employees that will answer all your questions and get you set up with everything you need. They have supplies for everyone from the brew novice to the brew master. I highly recommend Alternative Beverage for your home brewing needs.
5	Great to have a place like this in town so you don't have to place all your orders online. Shipping will get ya man, especially on those larger items. The selection here is unreal- they have it ALLLLLL. Brew ingredients are all broken out- good finds for extract, partial-grain, all-grain- whatever you're into. All different yeast cultures, hops, etc. I like to piece meal the ingredients in my recipes so this is my jam. Kits are lame dude. If you have a material need, they got you covered too- fermenting, conditioning, kegging, cleaning, whatever.Staff is great, completely knowledgeable on the crafts.There's another shop in Belmont that's a little bigger, but the selection is still pretty comparable.Don't miss out on this place. South Blvd directly behind the Sleep Poet (same lot).
