1	DO NOT STAY HERE!I found a pubic hair on 1 of the pillows. Yes, I know it was a pube. Omg... traumatized.There were blood droplets on the pillows too. Yeah, they were small, but that is so so SO nasty I can't even describe it.I think there was a condom floating in the pool. And if it wasn't a condom then I have no clue what it was. I don't want to know.I'm not sure if it's their soap, or what, but something is freaking caustic here! I washed my hands 3 times that night. By the 3rd time they were on fire, lobster red, chapped, & had started bleeding. Thank the lord that my friend had Dr. Bronner's body balm. I would have been miserable & in considerable pain.This is easily the worst Motel 6 I have EVER stayed in. And I've gone across the country in Motel 6's. I don't care if it's only $49. It's not good here.
3	Its not great great... But it suited my needs. Staff was very helpful as well.
1	Not so good. The manager was nice enough - no big deal. I knew what I was paying for. But it was sleezy. It really was - there were lots of strange people hanging around. At one point a girl knocked on my door and said she wanted to come in. She said, "let me in'. I kept telling her no but she continued to insist she must come in. I started to shut the door and she put her foot in it to block me. I called out my son's name and she moved her foot. Then she beat on the closed for a minute. Of course, I called management and they said they would security immediately. Security never came. After a while  the police came to my room, but it looked they weren't there to be supportive, they almost looked like they were there to investigate me. Opened the door and I asked if they were there about the girl trying to break in but no, they were there to investigate a screaming baby or child. No child or baby here. They sort of tried to peak over my shoulder to see if I was hiding something so I opened the door wide for them.It was weird. I asked again about the girl pushing her way in the room - 'didn't management contact them to come investigate?'. So I told them the story about the girl - I could tell they started to understand something was amiss - they believed me. They left. Later I saw a security guard and asked why she didn't come to the room - she said she never say anyone lurking around but a girl did call the front desk and complain about my room number saying a baby was screaming - possibly being abused. I don't have a baby but do have a 22 year old son who was with me. And he's been giving me a a difficult time so I actually did want to beat him but I've never hit my kids so why start now at 22? The guard said after investigating they decided the woman was having emotional problems and left it alone. But no one told me! The front desk never called to check if the situation had been resolved. I was left hanging. Then the police came! So much confusion that could have been easily avoided if the front desk and guard had communicated with me. Incidentally, there was no baby in the room with me.Don't stay here. It's just too weird.
3	I have been here about 5 Times total, and I don't mind it. I use it to get away for a day and relax. It is fairly cheap and the staff is nice. There is WIFI for 2.99$ a day, basic tv channels, and a super cold pool! The problems I have are the super old tv's and the fact that they don't provide toothbrushes or shampoo, just small bars of soap that leaves your skin with a rubbery feeling. But for the price, it's decent.
