5	This is honestly my 1st review on yelp and I have to say these are delicious. I picked these up at the farmers market last week and got one of every flavor and am not even a huge sweets eater but I like these. They have just enough to give you that sweet flavor without all the junk. Highly recommend whether you're a gym go-er or not!!
5	These are un-freakin'-believable. I wish this company would just move in next door to me or something so I could be their friend (and/or rob their stock!). The ingredients and nutritional profile speak for themselves - plus they taste good. Win/win!
5	Picked these up at Greens & Proteins. I bought peanut butter and a pumpkin flavor. They are very tasty. Low cal/ high protein. Sweetened with Stevia. Love the ingredients they used. Very good product.
1	They taste great because the ingredients listed have been wrong since they started. Even after the real ingredients were posted online, the ingredient list remained the same in stores for a while along with a big sign saying 33g protein. There's only 14-21 g of protein (depending on flavor), not 33. I've bought a lot of this product but did not know I was eating sucralose, acesulfame potassium, xanthan gum, etc. Not only does it piss me off to know I've been eating artificial sweeteners I try to avoid, but I've been using them post workout as a protein supplement with half the protein!
3	I read about this business Yelp so I set out to give it a try. Take note that their address here leads to a warehouse, not an actual business front (see my photos). It's literally a storage shed type door with a hand-written sign taped to the front. We rang the door buzzer but nobody answered, so off we went to find a Greens & Proteins in hope of trying some low carb Manbake Beefcake cakes. I purchased a bag of the chocolate coconut and the carrot cake cakes for $10 total. I was giddy when I saw that the serving size was "1 bag" -- yeah boy, the ENTIRE BAG -- but once I opened the package, I saw why. These little cakes are tiny but there are only three in the bag! I think $5 per package is really overpriced; I would've felt less ripped off if they took just a buck off the price. So don't be alarmed when you open the package and think "where the heck are the rest of my cakes?"The carrot cake ones were far better than the chocolate coconut cakes. The chocolate cakes were very dry and sort of bland. The carrot cake was moist and each cake had a big, raw cashew nut on top. I found that one cake was plenty to satisfy me but I'm not sure if that's a result of all of the protein or just that the flavors were so "meh" that I just didn't want to eat more than one. The carrot cake was still moist 2 days later after opening the package. I would love to try all of the other flavors and I really like this concept and product. I think tweaking the recipes a teeny bit might help (like adding more cinnamon to the carrot cake) or something to beef up the flavor profile. I was sad that they tasted so bland.
4	I go to Fresh 52 farmer's market on Sundays *just* to get Manbake's delicious cookie butter. Chock full of protein and lots of natural ingredients, this is quickly becoming one of my favorite snacks! I love it with apples but I could seriously eat it straight from the jar, LOL. Hoping this product will become more widely available around the valley because it's absolutely amazing. It's a little pricey, which is why I knock off a star. The first time I found at the farmer's market it I received a deal for buying two jars and I've never gotten that pricing again. But it's delicious and worth a little extra $$.
5	Was first introduced at the farmers market. These guys rock!! Such great flavor and no sugar!! Makes me wanna lift something heavy! The sales people are really knowledgable, I think his name was Seth, Nice guy. I will be back ! Ohh and now they make nut butters , damn ... Good on you guys
