5	I've been searching for a regular massage therapist for some time to no avail; someone who I could trust and feel completely comfortable with, that I could connect with and know that they had my best interest at heart. After disappointment after disappointment, I was referred to Millie through a relative with assurances that I would be happy and let me tell you that was a complete and utter understatement. Millie is one of the best therapists I have ever had the pleasure of being on their table, and I can say wholeheartedly that if you need work done she's your therapist. Her office is in an upscale, clean medical building in a very comfortable atmosphere and is very easy to find. Millie was waiting for us in the hallway and immediately started waving when she saw us, not even knowing if we were her clients, which put me right at ease. She is an extremely kind and soft spoken lady which added to my comfort. The office is shared with other therapists but is not cramped at all and is very nicely decorated with music playing throughout the whole office. Millie is very skilled at many different modalities along with energy work and used several during my appointment, which I have never experienced, even at the most expensive spas. The products that she used felt and smelled top notch. The only drawback, if you could call it that, is her table is a standard massage table, a more luxurious one would have added to the experience but is comfortable none the less. If you're looking for a therapist for the long term, one that you can trust and to have your wellbeing in mind at all times this is your person. I can't say enough about her, she's just stellar. A little background about me and my recommendation: while I am no longer in the industry, I am a certified massage therapist and know what makes or breaks an awesome massage/therapy session. I have enjoyed massages from all over the world, in some of the most upscale spas and from some of the most in demand therapists and I can now say I found and recommend one here in Las Vegas, Millie V.
5	Millie has an amazing array of massage modalities. She has the experience to fix the problem with her hands on healing massages. I have ben going to her for three years and each time I feel like I am welcomed into her massage room with caring and I leave filled with healing energy. I feel relaxed during the massage and then energized afterwards, ready to move on with my day.
5	Millie is great! I agree 100% with OZ.'s review from January 2014. However, I saw Millie at a location near Buffalo and the 95, so I'm not sure if she's still at this location listed on Rainbow. This was the best massage I ever had in addition to breathing tecnhiques, stretching, hot stones and emotional healing. She combined several techniques that felt amazing. I workout often and have a lot of muscle soreness in addition to stress. She was able to target all of my trouble spots and stretch my limbs. I could tell she has been doing this for years and really knows the body. She is extremely talented. I too have been searching for a regular, affordable massage therapist and I now found one. As OZ. said, Millie is very sweet and caring as well. The products did smell wonderful as well and the heated towels and warm table added to the experience. 90 minutes was great. I typically do 60, but 90 is really the best as you can relax and really allow her to do her magic. It's not a fancy spa, but it's ver clean and zen enough for me. Music, scented oils, nice room. It was the perfect Mother's day give for me. I'll be back. Thanks Millie!!
5	Discovered Millie with a Living Social deal.  What a pleasant surprise to have a therapist who educates you on things like how to breath when getting deeper massage work done.  Millie is kind and willing to share information to better your life.  I agree with other posters who have been getting massages for years that this was the best massage I've ever had in my life.  Don't let Millie's little stature fool you.  She uses a variety of techniques to ensure you have lasting benefits.The only minuses I can say is that one time I called, she seemed a little short on the phone - but maybe something was going on in the background.  She's really nice in person.  Secondly, I felt like I was working more with her availability rather than her working with mine; however, massage was WELL worth it.I would recommend Millie to anyone and would return again.  Millie has over 23 years experience and makes a difference.  Learn from the best!.
5	We've been looking for professional massage therapist for quite some time and came across Millie while we're searching in the internet, and she is awesome! We both work over 12 hours for six straight days each week and encounter numerous aches and pains along the way, and we feel completely rejuvenated after a hour long session!  Located in upscale, clean medical building, we feel completely comfortable, and the soothing music relaxes you throughout the session. Highly recommended to everyone!
5	Millie is a great healer, not only does she ask what what is going on and what areas need attention, she is also able to help with personal strife. I think of her as a therapist with strong hands :) she has a deep intuitive type personality and will surprise you with her insight. She is very flexible and is able to see me most times the same day. I strongly recommend you visit her to understand what I'm talking about !
5	I cannot say enough about how amazing this lady is. She's not just a massage therapist, she's truly a healer, both physically and spiritually. With Millie, you don't just get what you pay for. She customizes each session to what you need, whether you know you need it or not.  Go check her out!
