5	I highly recommend this company! Receptionist Linda was friendly and professional, and called to say a technician could be there right away (earlier than the noon to 3pm window we'd scheduled 10 minutes earlier) - was this okay? Absolutely!Technician Nick had all the parts on his truck, including a bottom bracket to replace my broken one. I opted to replace my broken single spring with a double spring setup. Job was completed for quoted amount in less than an hour. Excellent!
5	On Monday, March 25, we called our home warranty and they sent out NIck from Quality. He was courteous, friendly, and very knowledgeable. He answered all our questions because our garage door was inoperable after it was serviced by Anytime Garage Doors. (Do not use this company). He replaced the gear box and informed us that the garage door motor is still good. The only problem was the worn out gear box which he replaced. Service and labor cost us $60.00. This company is punctual, honest, and fair prices....I will continue to use these guys. I wish everyone else does too...Great company....great technicians !!!
1	I have American Home Shield Insurance and submitted a service request.  I spoke with the receptionist who called to make the appointment and let her know that my spring had broken on my garage door.  She said it was no problem and my deductible would be $75 for the repair.  When the repair man showed up, he asked me to get my policy and told me that it doesn't cover springs.  He offered to apply the $75 deductible to a $400 bill for the spring. The cost tor replace the spring with anyone else was $225.  Not only did they mislead me that my repair was covered, but never called me to discuss the matter when I refused to pay the $75 fee for a repair they knew would not be covered.  They found a way to make the warranty company send me a bill even though they never even touched my garage door and did not call to discuss it as promised.  DO NOT USE QUALITY GARAGE DOORS!
5	Great guys fixed our double garage door!  Rick and Ryan were so professional and nice. Also very fair price that our young family can afford.  Will recommend them to ALL of our neighbors and friends.
5	This was the 2nd company out to fix our garage door. He immediately looked up & diagnosed the problem. The last company out was apparently just trying to get money out of us, within 20 minutes the garage door was working like new!!!! I wish home warranty sent them out first! Very knowledgeable & the receptionist even called us to let us know the technician was on his way! Wow!!!!
5	Awesome work done! Garage broke on a Friday afternoon and due to my schedule they could come out on Monday first thing. Nick was the technician and he did not b.s. me. He was straight forward with what needed to be fix and did not try to upsell or anything. We were referred to this company through our home warranty which covered the broken gear (FYI, home warranty companies usually don't cover springs).NOTE: I called Anytime Garage Doors since they're sticker was on my door & they are 24hrs and they came out on the Friday that my garage broke and quoted me $450 for fixing the gear! I was in shock!!! They totally are scammers. I understand they have a business to run but that is outrageous!! Don't go with Anytime Garage Doors. If you don't go with Quality Garage Doors at first, at least use them as your second estimate and you'll really see the difference and more than likely you'll end up choosing "Quality"!!!
5	AHS sent out Quality to fix my garage door opener.  Not only did he fix the garage door opener, he replaced the rollers with rollers I had bought and oiled all the hinges.  Did a fantastic job in no time at all.  The previous Garage door repair shop AHS used was terrible.  I recommend Quality to anyone !
