3	Random lunch stop. Kind of a hidden place that does things sort of Chicago style. They have no deep dish pizza (coming soon) which makes me question the whole Chicago theme, but they do have Chicago thin crust which I was told is the preferred style for those from the Windy City? I had neither of those items as I went for the $6.95 calzone served with two free toppings and ricotta and mozzarella cheese. It was good, but the crust could have been firmer or crispier, but was also very filling and worth the price. This was a good calzone and was served with an excellent chunky marinara on the side and also a friendly young staff was on hand as well. Likely will try the deep dish when they finally start making the stuff soon. Only a few lunch specials though and that could be improved, but prices are reasonable enough anyway.
4	Quite a good chicken parmesan hero for lunch which kicks this place up a star. The cutlets were thin and well breaded and the sandwich had enough sauce and cheese to satisfy this diner. They have two sizes, but you might as well go for the 10 inch hero at 7.95 which is just a buck more than than the 6 inch version. Ordered the fries also at $1.25, but I already knew they were the frozen variety. Still, they were well cooked and crunchy crinkle cut style. Pretty empty about 1pm, but very filling meal.
2	they no longer deliver...in room dining only.  Not going to patronize until they deliver again.  Just ridiculous they don't deliver.  What are they trying to do?
1	Wasted my time. Waited a long time for below average frozen microwave pizza. They don't have pizza by the slice at lunch time, or any time. DO NOT eat the overpriced 10" pizza. Never been to the previous location so I don't know about that one. The only positives are the helpful servers.
4	Kind of weird to say I DIDN'T really wanna like the pizza here, but I actually did (as did my family).I guess this place isn't actually "new," but used to be located someplace else and moved into this space. My parents live pretty close by so we decided to give it a shot (when this location was a teriyaki restaurant we ordered from here quite often). Even though there's a few pizza places close by (that aren't necessarily great, but reasonably priced) we wanted to see if Little Chicago should be added to the rotation.It's a little pricier compared to Rome's, which is right around the corner (and not bad), but I think the pizza here is better. We got two 14'' pizzas (one cheese and one half mushroom/half sausage). I'm not well-versed in Chicago-style pizza, but my understanding is that it's usually deep-dish. Well, Little Chicago does thin slice, and the the slices are cut into squares, which I kind of like. I can't really put my finger on WHY I think there pizza is a slight notch above other pizza places in the area, but it just is. The cheese and toppings tasted fresh (I like that the mushrooms were good sized chunks and not just little shriveled up pieces) and the cheese to sauce ratio was good. We got take out and it was pretty quick (about 15 min). The place itself is kind of weird, but seems nice.
5	Wasn't happy when they stopped delivering... But they decided to start delivering again, from the new location! Good for them for getting a larger space and branching out into a free standing building! We definitely miss their old location as it was a quick walk around the corner... They've had a friendly staff, and always great customer service between both locations. The hot Italian beef is amazing... But I always go with the Turkey and Provolone. Great place for lunch... Plenty of parking and seating. Dine in, Pick up AND delivery(again)....Specials every day!! Support local! And don't forget to tip for their hard work!
5	I was happy to see they moved and got bigger and added beer!  Best pizza, wings and subs. Pasta dishes are great too. Try the meatballs, Italian beef, pastrami. Great local eats.
5	Had the pizza here several times now and really love it! I usually go with the pep and sausage or just cheese. Love the thin crust, zesty and tangy sauce. Pizza dough is fresh and the crust is crispy. Young Female Staff Members are friendly, attentive and not hard on the eyes (always a bonus).The personal Pan Pizza probably would leave a Big Hungry guy, desiring a bit more. Keep that in mind when ordering.Never tried delivery but hear they can be a bit slow and that they can get busy.Looking forward to trying some of the other menu items!
4	This was a favorite of our years ago. Now that we are back in the neighborhood this will be a favorite again. Pizza is delicious and I just had a calzone from Little Chicago for the first time - delicious.  The dough was buttery, golden brown and the inside was soft,  doughy and divine. Must try. And they deliver!!
1	After all the great reviews and it being independently operated I thought what I would get would be 5 star review worthy.My pizza didn't arrive on time. Period. It was  actually 20 mins late precisely. I kindly brought my issue to the driver and he called to ask if I could have my pie in the house for it being late. They declined. After his quick call he nonchalantly shrugs his shoulders and says "well it's my money anyways." Excuse me? You're just the middleman.I call little Chicago to inform them that their driver had insisted a rude tone with me. They apologized. So now we lead up to today when I try to get my reimbursement pizza which the manager said I could have; until she spoke with her driver who says of course he wasn't rude or made a comment. Let me just say that in the business world, especially food, you don't take the word of your grungy pizza driver over a potential usual customer, or any customer at that. The real loss is for you, little Chicago pizza. I will not spend money there, or attempt to in my case. And sorry if I offended any usuals, but what the manager said to me was outrageous. Her name is Adeena. If you're ordering from little Chicago pizza, beware and good luck.
5	Haven't had anything on the menu that we didn't like. Great with deliveries, pleasing staff, the delivery guy even knew us by name after our third order haha. Gotta try it.
5	We love this place so much. It is our go to pizza place Sunday nights. The pizza is just delicious and we've never had a bad experience here. They are closed on Monday, so every time we want pizza on Monday and go to a different place we are disappointed!!! They are fast and polite. We always get a mushroom pizza, well done, and as much as we want to keep our diet, slice after slice goes in our mouth! LOL YUM! Waiting for my pizza now, don't wait, go there now!!!!!!!
1	Short version is: STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE IF YOU WANT PIZZA!On March 29, 2014 and being new to the area I drove past Little Chicago Pizza and decided to stop in because I grew up on both thin crust and thick crust "Chicago" style pizza. I ordered a "double crust" "extra crispy" extra cheese XL pizza to go. I took it home without opening up the box big mistake!What I got was a completely blackened burnt to a crisp pizza with no evidence of a "double crust". I took one bite and threw it in the trash as i cannot eat something that tastes like burnt cardboard and cheese with zero flavor. It was terrible, honestly.To LCP credit I called and talked to Terra who identified herself as one of the owners and she said she would reverse the CC charge but I told her I would prefer she did not because it wasn't about getting a refund it was about one entrepreneur to another alerting her to what type of product was coming out of her kitchen. I even texted her photos of the pizza top and bottom so there could be no misunderstanding as to what the issue was.Anyway nice convivial waitresses and concerned management but this has nothing to do with the product. This is not "Chicago" style thin crust.My experience underscores the value of reading reviews such as YELP.Atlas C
5	We love this place, the food is great. Being from the Chicago area it's hard to find good pizza here in az, this is our new favorite place for pizza and wings. The staff is always friendly and helpful.
5	Awesome friendly staff! Food is so awesome! 10' personal cheese pizza!
5	Always great pizza. Friendly, fast service. This is my favorite thin crust in town. They deliver and have a nice dining area too. They serve beer and wine as well. The wings are always served hot!  Who likes cold wings? Not here!  Give them a try. You'll love it!!
5	Didn't disappoint! I live in the area and enjoy eating at local places. Had the cubs pizza, Chicago dog, hot wings, and cheese sticks...yum! Delivery time was short for it being a saturday night and everything was still hot when it got here. Will definitely keep going back.
5	Went to the new restaurant, corner of McDowell and Hayden. Had their awesome thin crust pizza with veggies and a Caesar salad, split an order of hot wings three ways. Came to $40 including a round of beers. Of course. Same great food. Great peppy polite staff. And you don't have to wrestle for one of the three tables any more. Or eat on a picnic table. Its a nice little place with ample seating. Great wings, did I say that? I would eat them in if you can because when they deliver them, the foil makes em soggy. So don't be lazy, get up and drive over there. It's a big dining room! But they do deliver on those "bad hair days" and everything is good, just order early they don't do that Dominoes 30 minute deal. Did I say great wings? Cold beer? Awesome pizza? Good.
5	Wasn't really ready to be put on the spot here BUT Little Chicago's may just be the best pizza ever. The service is awesome too and our delivery driver Travis was super friendly. I think I've said enough at this point! Thanks LCP!
5	This place was absolutely the best! Hands down to the BEST WINGS ever!!! We got the 6 hot the sauce is just too lick the plate for. The pizza had a nice thin crust we got a 12 inch with like 5 toppings and 2 cokes it came up to 28$ it was so worth it ! I repeat best wings people!!!!!  Gota try it
1	I was disappointed in this place. The first indication that maybe we should have gone somewhere else is when we pulled up to a near empty parking lot. I thought to myself that because we went on a Sunday its going to be slower. The place was empty. We ordered the Cajun chicken wings and a cheese thin crust pizza. The chicken wings where dry. The pizza I compare to the pizza I used to get in the cafeteria in middle school. Only redeeming thing was that the staff was friendly. I have to say this would be first and last time I would visit.
5	omg really good pizza the crust was thin and very tasty no soggy crust the sauce was excellent we also had the cheesy garlic bread and cannolis  very yummy i wish they delivered to Tempe but they have fast friendly service inside
5	Daughter and I went for lunch on a Sunday service was good food was good. Wings were yummy as well as the sub sandwich but you must try cheese fries! We will be back soon!
4	Little Chicago Pizza is great! If you are searching for the best delivery pizza in the Scottsdale area, look no further. Before you decide to create your own pizza be sure to try out the specialty pies. My personal favorite is the chicago beef, the menu alone isn't just pizza be sure to try everything. The pastas are all great and the meatballs are to die for. Thankfully they started delivering again, glad you guys are back!
4	Being from the northeast, I must admit that I'm a pizza snob, but Little Chicago Pizza did not disappoint.  Their pizza is just down right good and exceeded my expectations by all means!  The pizza had such a fresh taste to it.  The pizza sauce is super tasty and they use good quality cheese.I also tried the wings and they were OK.In terms of service, I ordered delivery and was quoted a delivery time of 35-40 mins but it arrived within 20 minutes.So far, this is the best delivery pizza I've tasted in the area.Definitely check this place out!
5	Ok so once again we found ourselves at Little Chicago it is so convenient and everything so far has been great but last nights visit was exceptional not only the food but the service was great! Our server was Meghan she was fantastic explained al on the menu made our choose easy, we ordered one of each. Meghan made the whole experience! We will go back to see her soon!!
5	Fantastic salads and sandwiches. Have not tried the pizza YET  The service is always excellent! Tell your friends.
5	Excellent food! I'm coming back....! .....................................................................................................................................................................................................................
3	Pizza 7/10, would've been better if it was hot. Manager was a little grouchy & not the friendliest. Also- she said she hated yelp
4	Ordered wings and a gyro a week ago. I am am from Chicago. This place is good! Had the garlic cheese bread too....good red sauce! Gonna try the pizza next time....overall a win
5	We love this place! We order something different every time and we haven't had a miss yet. Well staffed too so service is always excellent. Highly recommend this neighborhood joint for really good food at good prices.
5	Had wings, fried pickles, and garlic bread. Everything was EXCELLENT!! can't wait to come back and try the pizza. Great prices, too!!
5	Coming from a native Illinoisian......Simply the BEST pizza in the Valley....My one & only to go place for pizza!!Nuff said!!!!
5	Best pizza I've had outside of my hometown of Chicago. Thin crust like all Chicago pizza was before Uno's made the world think Chicago pizza was all deep dish. Great sauce. Excellent sausage (not too spicy). Great service. Clean, bright place with very good service. It's 25 minutes from where I live, but I expect to happily make the trip often.
5	Best local pizza place! The dine in experience was great with a nice staff and quick service. The thin crust pizza was awesome and the calzones are thick and packed full of cheese. I will go there again for sure or order in sometime because with that good of pizza at lower then most prices, so worth it.
5	Little Chicago's pizza has to be my favorite pizza/Italian joint....Hands Down! Since discovering them about a year ago I find it hard pressed to have anything comparable. Price for the 16" pizza is really cheap, and the quality of the ingredients are outstanding. Cheap + Quality = everyone's dream. I love that their pizza is thin and crispy, it has never been delivered soggy or cold. If you order pizza with pepperoni they cook the pepperoni underneath the cheese so it's not such a holy greasy hot mess..They say their delivery time is usually 45-60, but I've never found that to be true... They are faster.  Also your food comes with very tasty Parmesan side, that even tastes fresh. I would lastly like to mention that one time I ordered their turkey sub just for kicks and same thing, it was super fresh ingredients and amazing tasting.I hope for everyone to share this place with their family and friends!
5	Great local find--FANTASTIC service!  A great lunch experience, had the chicago beef with peppers and onions, mozarella and it was delicious.  We just moved offices across the street, we will definitely make this a regular go-to lunch spot.
4	Love the thin crust pizza.  Friendly staff and fast delivery.  One of my favorite pizza delivery joints in Scottsdale.
5	This place is the best delivery pizza in Arizona, people will say well it's not Pizzeria Bianco but I also don't want to wait three fucking hours to eat a pizza. The pizza here is killer, thin crust and great topping options. On top of this their pasta, sandwiches, and appetizers are also amazing. No delivery pizza joint has good pasta choices except Little Chicago. I mean even their chicken strips and French fries are bomb, what am eight years old, but yes they too are amazing. Delivery is always prompt and service always friendly. On a side note they do have seating and serve beer and wine, place is small and nothing fancy but it is clean and the reason I go is for the food.
5	I tried this spot one weekend (I ordered a pizza, take out) and its is the best pizza I have had!! Little Chicago Pizza will not disappoint! I will be returning and bringing friends with me!
5	After reading a Huffpost article about pizza I decided today was the day to get delivery pizza at the office.  Got a few others to go in with me and called as soon as they opened at 11am.  I ordered and was given a window of around 45 minutes for delivery.  The pizza arrived in 30 minutes, was still perfectly warm and just as delicious as I remember.Cheap, fast and delicious.  You can't find anyone better than Little Chicago.
5	Delicious Pizza and Wings!! Little Chicago's is my go to place to order pizza for delivery or dinning!  Great, fast service and at an affordable price.
5	What a delightful surprise !  We ordered take out not expecting much. We got home and WOW--BOTH the PIZZA and the WINGS were A+++   I was also really impressed with the ranch dressing and "to go"packages of Parmesan Cheese and Red Pepper Flakes (that was a value add)I cannot wait to order from here again---and feel lucky that they are not farfrom my townhome ---YUMMY  !
