5	Where the hell did this come from?!  But I'm glad it came!  I happened to overhear some people talking at the coffee shop who stopped for lunch at Casa Rasta, and were raving about the tacos.  Never let it be said that eavesdropping doesn't pay off.Having taken over the ever changing former home of Broadway Pizza, there isn't even a real sign up yet, but don't be scared off by the lack of advertising.  When you walk inside, the small dining/waiting area is completely clean and organized, if a bit plain.  You definitely know you're in for quick take out or a fast meal.  But it will be a fantastic fast meal.  The owners, the two Rastas in question, have taken the taco to wonderful heights.  Corn taco shells are standard for the tacos, with larger flour shells for the burritos.  Their menu is small, but potent.  On this first visit, myself and my lovely eating partner had a mix and match of the Pulled Pork, Citrus Marinated Fried Pork, Chorizo, and Jamaican Jerk Chicken tacos....and they each blew our minds.  Filled with a good helping of meat, each taco comes with cilantro, onions, and a bit of shredded lettuce.  The meats are all perfectly seasoned.  My personal favorites were the Fried Pork, which had its own special pepper sauce, and the Jerk Chicken, which had a mango salsa that will blow your mind.There are also beef, steak, and two vegetarian options.  Any of the fillings can be made in taco, tostada, burritos, tortas, or quesadillas.  The prices are good with with Tacos being $2.50 and Burritos being $6.  There's none of that price up charging for extras, as has become the norm in many places.  They also have weekend specials and homemade salsas.Fantastic food, good prices, nice people.  It's all you could ask for.  Well, maybe a credit card machine.  But as they are still only about a week into being open, and they are already hitting on all cylinders, hitting the ATM for some cash is totally worth it.
5	Reading the previous review, my wife and I tried to give it a shot for dinner. Turns out, it was a wonderful decision. We tried the Jamaican Jerk Chicken burrito with a side of Mexican rice. The chicken was very tender and flavorful, and not a bit dry. The mango salsa that came on the burrito was an excellent touch. My wife enjoyed the rice. The owners were incredibly friendly and the kitchen was immaculately clean. Definitely will be making a return trip.
4	Yay, another good Mexican taco shop!Small place with 2 table and 2 chairs at a counter.  sauces and sodas lined up at the counter so you can see what is available.   The service was friendly and they filled us in our some of the offerings and info on the owner/chef.  Found out it was the wife of the owner/chef, so it is a family affair.  She said, "they have some specials on weekends including some Caribbean items". Corn taco shells are delicious had about 6 options and we choose the Carnitas and the Jamaican Jerk.  Very good tacos filled with a large portion of meat, cilantro, onions, cheese, lettuce and they bring out 3 different types of salsa to add to your taco.  Jarritos Mexican soda is also available.
5	I agree with the other yelpers who have reviewed this place - yay for another taco shop in Pittsburgh. This place is great.  Affordable and FAST.  We have recently visited some of the other new taco shops in Pittsburgh and waited 45 minutes for lunch. Casa Rasta was speedy.  We tried 3 tacos and a torta. I am not normally a fan of vegetarian sausage but the soyrizo here was amazing.  Definitely worth a stop.
5	We tried an assortment of tacos and the jerk chicken wings they were all amazing!  It is very cute inside and the owners are super friendly!
3	Here's the truth (which I'll always give you), if I hadn't gone to California Taco Shop before I went here, I probably would have given this place another star.  Since I have...it's A-OK.  Which I always have to remind myself, is not by any means bad.  It's very tiny, with only two real tables, but they offer a great take out service so it makes up for the tiny dinning accommodations.  Besides, if you're like me, you inhale the burrito you purchase in 2.5 seconds and you're done, so it wouldn't matter if I had to stand and eat it.  I ordered the steak burrito.  I really wanted a shrimp one, but there are no seafood options on the menu.  The other menu option missing is fresh tortilla chips.  Total bummer considering they bring you a fantastic spread of regular salsa, salsa verde and jalapeno's.  I could have used something to dip in it!  So the next option was to slather my burrito in it.  I thought the burrito itself was good, but definitely not a giant one you'd get at Cali Taco Shop or Reyna's in the strip.  It's more of a taco size, you'll need more than one if you have a big American appetite like I do!  The steak was a little too salty for my taste, but was cooked just right.  The rice was really the winner of the burrito.  It had just the right amount of lime added.  Loved it!  Would I go back?  Sure, why not.  But I probably wouldn't order the steak again and I'd hope they have chips next time!  Plus, it's a fantastic addition to the neighborhood!
2	I wanted desperately to love this little place.  The vibe is awesome, the menu is cool and I love the cuisine.  Here's the thing, nothing was aok besides the beans.  The black beans were good.I ordered the jerk chicken taco and the cochinita pibil pulled pork taco.  They came with a side of green and red salsa.  Nothing was aok about any of this.  The jerk chicken was kind of grey and didn't have any jerk flavors, it was topped by unripened mango.  It was supposed to be a fresh mango salsa I guess but the flavors didn't mesh and it was just awful.  I tried it with the salsas but couldn't recommend either of these insipid and flavorless imposters.  Were they sitting around too long and did everything need salt?  There was too much wrong with all of it to sort it out.The pork was ok, there wasn't enough of it.  Neither salsa really complimented it.  It was swallowed by the flavorful double corn tortilla that housed both tacos.  These were obviously made locally and fresh but were heavier than I am used to.I can't recommend eating here and I will not be back.  Can I go back to Chicago now?  Mexico City downtown was the bomb and I wish they hadn't closed because this was the real deal.  Even if this isn't supposed to be authentic, they still need someone who understands food preparation and this particular cuisine.  Only my warm heart kept me from hitting the 1 star key.
4	A couple of weekends ago, Darren and I were looking at houses in Beechview and found this cute little taco shop. All I had was a taco with chorizo sausage, and it was soooo good. The corn tortilla was so exotic, and the meat was rich and spicy. Darren wanted to eat a dozen of them! But I stopped him!The people who work here are really nice and welcoming. They even have Jarrittos Mexican Sodas which washed down my taco great.
5	This tiny treasure in the heart of Beechview has some of the best tacos and burritos I have ever tasted. Luckily, the night my roommates and I ventured out here, curried goat was the special. And boy was it special! If you are ever in the area, even if you're not, you should definitely go out of your way to check this place out. Food was VERY fresh and the service was super friendly. A must have, for sure.
5	Jahh...Casta Rasta hooked me up with an awesome pulled pork burrito. The spicy pork was definitely spliced up with onions and red peppers.If you're eating in you'll receive two types of salsa. One is a green salsa delight that  when mixed with some Cholula is a perfect 1 - 2 punch to begin every bite of any burrito. I polished off my meal with an old style glass bottle of Fanta. I will come back to listen to reggae and gobble down some of Casta Rasta's fine grub for sure.
4	Tried both of the vegetarian burritos... Amazing! Great salsa/sauce. Not sure why they've taken a stand against chips. OK, so it's a fusion place, how 'bout plantains or sweet potato chips. Something. Hope they expand the menu because so far so great! We took out but if you dine in be prepared for a tiny place. Will return!
5	Awesome flavorful and original twist on Mexican food. Terrific friendly service with a feeling that you're not in Pittsburgh for a moment. With Mexican music playing and Spanish being spoken this place is a display of laid back authenticity at its best.
5	Stopped here today to give it a try and must admit the food was excellent. I ordered the vegetarian Soyrizo (fake sausage) burrito and fell in love. It was well worth the $6. It's not like the big chain restaurants where they serve you a massive sloppy burrito. It was the perfect size and easily handled. It's small and quaint, with some seating outside in under a canopy. The owners were a lovely couple, passionate about their food. Excellent.
5	Yay Casa Rasta! Again, still on the vegetarian kick and they have THE BEST soy-Chorizo burrito around. They also have a quaint little patio that over looks one of the steepest hills in the United States for driving. The owners are amazingly nice and their food just screams quality to me. If you are in the mood for a good burrito try Casa Rasta out!
5	Give's SMOKE a run for the money for best tacos in Pittsburgh.  The taco's here are awesome.  Carnita's are amazing.  I would have given them six stars but they are all the way in Beechview.  Maybe their second restaurant will be in the east end!  Either way, see you next week casa rasta!
5	What's wrong with me!? I haven't update this review when it has so clearly earned it's way up to a five star establishment, without a doubt!All my previous complaints... GONE!  It's bigger.  And I don't just mean the burrito!  They've put two outdoor tents up so there's plenty of additional seating outside.  Hopefully they'll get some heat lamps in for the colder months, it'd be a shame to lose all that seating!  The burrito... BIGGER! I inhaled a large burrito last night and was STUFFED. Could barely eat one Jamaican Jerk Wing. Jamaican Jerk Wing you say? Yep, they've added new items to their menu! And guess what? My burrito was shrimp! Exactly what I had wanted all along. They now offer a shrimp diablo and shrimp curry option.  My shrimp diablo was HOT, maybe not to the spicy food lover, but hot for the "I like spicy food but it's hard to take" spicy food fan. Plus, I could tell it was fresh shrimp and a good size.And that salsa verde they serve? I could eat gallons! Still not so hot on the red salsa, but the salsa verde, a winner!We walked in on a random Wednesday night at 7:30 and there was a line! That makes me really excited for them. They deserve the business because they serve up awesome food! Now that I live in the hood, you can bet I'll be stopping in once a week. Okay, maybe twice... who knows! All I know is that it rocks my world!*They take credit cards!
5	Simply the most delicious tacos that I have ever eaten.  And in walking distance to my Beechview home, makes this a great urban living ecperience.
5	Consistently great! Vegetarians, ask for a burrito with BOTH soyrizo AND Poblano and potatoes. OMG!
5	I love this place so much I joined Yelp just to communicate how amazing Casa Rasta is. Tacos are great even when they're awful but these tacos aren't awful at all they are actually the best. The carnitas tacos are amazing. Pickled onions are involved! And Mexican Cokes! Both salsas were terrific and perfectly spicy. This is my favorite meal in Pittsburgh at the moment and it is also incredibly inexpensive. The best part is you can eat tacos and then get pizza at Slice when you are finished! Why not? Seriously, because I don't even know about things that are better than pizza and tacos. Maybe puppies but I probably wouldn't like to eat one of those.
4	My coworkers and I decided to make it simple for the cook and ordered three Shrimp a la Diabla burritos for take out. Nah, that just happened that way.The food was waiting for us after 25 minutes. They came with three containers of salsa; which we used, because we like our faces to melt off we were hoping these were spicy, and they were. The burrito itself was delicious, with or without the hot sauce. The price is great, the burrito is huge and now I'm ready to take a nap.
5	Hands down this is the BEST Mexican fusion restaurant in the Pittsburgh area. Located just off the trolley tracks in Beechview, this little storefront venue is an amazing find. Antonio and crew keep it simple but savory. Where else can you get burritos with savory Jerk Chicken? Or tostadas with homemade chorizo and mango? The prices are amazingly inexpensive... and it's BYO... so a meal will not break the bank if the fiscal cliff has put a dent in your finances. If you are in the South Hills, or want to make a little trip just off of Banksville Road: try this gem!
5	Such a cool spot; a food phoenix rising from the ashes of Beechview's urban decay. I've had every menu item, and can't say enough good things. The highlight for me is the jerk chicken taco with mango-avocado salsa. The cochinitas pibil tostada is another go-to for me.The staff is nice and friendly, and their weekend off-menu specials are always interesting and a tasty change of pace. Go here.
4	Good tacos - quick service - nothing bad to say about this place - planning on going back to check out the Friday / Saturday special
