5	Awesome, no-gimmick hair salon/barber for men.  Menu options include scissor cut, shave cut, beard/face shave, shampoo, etc.  Had my first visit yesterday and I'm impressed.  Got a haircut and shampoo & was in and out in 20 minutes.  Wife actually complimented my new Doo' so I guess I have a new place and stylist.  Her name is Renee by the way and she kicks ass at cutting hair.
5	If you are looking for the best you have to go here!! Ask for Elisha she is the best!! I got a shave and haircut and it was so relaxing I am now going back there exclusive to get cleaned up!! Talk about great service!!! Hospitality!! Great prices and you know you can't beat the skills this stylist has!! Go see Elisha!! Thanks again for cleaning me up!!
5	Great men's cut environment. No girl talk and no nasty salon smells. ESPN on TV. Julie was awesome!
5	I tried this salon recently, mainly because I drive past it and it didn't look too busy. I made an appointment for the following weekend morning and was able to sit down after she finished up with one guy. Good thing I made an appointment because six other guys walked in during my time there. It was $20 for a haircut, but that included a shampoo. They offer a full line of services and seem to have a strong focus on shaving and shaving products. I did not partake in that, but maybe next time. The haircut was quick (I dont have much hair), but looked great. I will definitely use this one again.
5	I was hesitant to return to this location. I've only had a couple positive experiences there with one stylist Elisha. I'm not a needy guy, but after all it is my hair. My first stylist was Lori interesting gal to say the least, however she could cut hair and did an ok job. Returned again she wasn't there and thats when I got the Elisha experience. What an awesome stylist you get spoiled and what a high bar she sets. But again I was unable to keep her she quite busy. That's when my heather experience happened. Tattoos were cool, but she can't cut hair and was wasn't much for listening, so yes crappy haircut. I wasn't sure about taking a chance, so I called and someone new answered not the last gal! Glad I took a chance, because Courtney was my stylist and did an awesome job. I will return and I hope to have Courtney continue to style me for a long time to come. Cheers
4	Mug was a great place to work but it is time for me to move on.  I am now at Fantastic Sam's off the Gilbert exit on the 202.  I'll miss my regular clients...good bye n God bless.
5	Love this place!! As for Elisha. Service was amazing and the quality of work is there. Plus you can't beat the price for the quality! Don't got anywhere else. Try the shave...
5	This place is great, have been going for almost two years. Have seen a fair amount of turnover in women working there, but they are always excellent and always professional. I always recommend them to anyone asking about men's grooming.
4	I enjoyed my haircut at this place. Sure its geared towards men, and that is a fairly simple accomplishment. While cutting hair, just let the poor guy vent.. That's the whole recipe - not that I am the venting guy, but I do have opinions that I force upon those that have no choice but to listen. But I got a decent haircut with a wash and all that goes along with that. The hairdresser (in lack of more accurate nomenclature) asked me what shampoo I use, and I answered that I usually use soap that resulted in a horrid look as if I was breeding dogs for fighting. I'm a guy, I use what I have got to my disposal. If soap will do fine for the rest of my body I am sure it will pull its magic cleaning stunt on my noggin too. But she found my skull a but dry, and I did concur and therefore bought something to combat this unwanted situation. Overall it was a good experience. Would go again.
1	I went in there on a Monday morning at 9:30 without an appointment and thought they were closed. There was just one girl working there who made me wait 5 minutes because she had to get her station ready. This was my first time going there and it was excited because the girl (Heather) had a tattoo of scissors and a comb other forearm. I figured anyone who marks there body for life with scissors and a comb must know hair cutting is their calling in life and I'm in for a great haircut. Aside from asking how my day was and what I wanted done to my hair, she didn't say a word to me. No one else was in the shop and it was very awkward. I've never had my haircut by anyone who was so silent. I think I shocked her that I didn't want a buzz cut because she seemed like she didn't know what she was doing with the scissors. She acted like it was her first time cutting hair. Then when she shaved the back of my neck with the straight edge razor, she shaved little spots at a time instead of shaving one long section at a time like a barber does. I was waiting for a camera crew to come out and say this was a joke and I was on tv that's how bizarre this was. When I got home I saw that she left pieces of hair covering my ears and missed spots on the sides. Who tattoos scissors and comb on their arm if they don't know how to use them?! I felt duped and won't go back to this shop again.
5	Elisha at MUG has styled my hair for the last year. I really appreciate the ease of scheduling (always scheduling at the last minute), the relaxed atmosphere, spotless stations and low pressure attitude. I don't go to MUG to make decisions about this or that, Elisha and her team just KNOW what I want. What I want is easy, no pressure, clean, relaxed and quiet...oh yeah, and a great style and fabulous Shiatzu! The Dutch Bros next door is just an added bonus.Keep it up gang!
5	I have been going for several months now and it's a great place for a men's cut and shave. The staff is very polite and great at what they do. My son now goes there too and teenagers are hard to please when it comes to haircuts. The best is to make an appointment as they are busy on most days for walk ins but that is a sign of a good men's barber shop.
5	I went MUG about a year ago, and had no idea it was a full service trim.  I really enjoyed the staff and the cut was great.  We moved away due to work but now were back!They are quite busy so the best thing to do is man an appointment.  The lady that cut my hair was Jaysmn and she did a fantastic job.  I would highly recommend MUG.
3	Pretty good haircut. More of a salon vs barber shop. They only shave the back of your neck and not trim anything past there. V's gives you the whole hot towel wrap, straight razor your neck, beard and behind your ears.
1	I walked in this place last night after work, the grooming was out of control so I decided to treat myself to the works.  Head shave, face shave, beard trim, the works basically.  Well, there was two stylists working, only one of them had a client.  The young lady at the counter looked me up in the system and asked if I had an appointment.  Well, my job demands make it difficult to keep appointments, so when I said no she started to look concerned.  When she asked what I wanted done, her response showed a look of disgust that I wanted to drop a $100 with tip in her salon.  Take your money elsewhere, find a V's...find a country clipper...find anywhere because they really don't know how to make a customer feel welcome.
5	Recent moved to AZ and found this gem. Best barber in town! Service is impeccable, I highly recommend this place.
1	Second time going there and each time I went there I was disappointed. This SHOP just opened up near my home and I was happy to see something similar to V's Barbershop open up near me since I use to drive about 20 minutes to get to one. Few months later,  I decided to stroll in for a haircut, lady took me in - it wasn't busy at all - in fact it was empty , I told her I wanted a haircut and she went along cutting my hair which felt like something I can get at Fantastics Sams or SuperCuts. I didn't feel at  it was a special "MENS" Grooming place at all.  After my haircut, I looked at it a few times and had to correct her on uneven sides and bulk hair leftover. I mean c'mon - you want us to pay big bucks and I have to correct your hair skills? The second visit, I figured I'd give them another shot but I'm usually that guy that "you only get one shot to prove me you're good" but since I'm a nice guy - I thought maybe I'd just get a shave/trim. One lady in there, nobody else in there and I have to make an appointment?  I mean how long does it take to get a shave/trim ?? No where in their website says anything about making appointment so what gives? You really can't spare another 20-30 minutes to do a quick shave/trim? People make appointments all the time and they still wait to get seen so even if you were 10 minutes late for your appointment it wouldn't matter you just made the company money and probably an extra tip for taking me in as a walk - in? Does this place hire dummies or what? I'm not going back here again. V's Barbershop doesn't disappoint me, never has,  and they are worth far more better tips then this wannabe place.
4	Sierra was great. Good haircut and great scalp, neck, and shoulder massage. I gave it 4 stars because the website makes this place seem much different. Online it seems like it would be a men's lounge kind of feel. it's close with the big chairs and nice fixtures, but the fluorescent lights and general appearance of disorganization somewhat kills it.They have cool looking hanging lights. Would be nicer if they used them, killed the fluorescence, and organized a bit. Would be even nicer if the back office wasn't disorganized and generally open for everyone to see
