5	Chris did some fantastic work installing carpet in my closet, upstairs hallway, and on my "floating" stairs.  He's extremely professional, the price was great, and best of all it looked amazing.  I've also purchased a couple area rugs from him that really compliment my wood floors.  I wouldn't hesitate to call him again with any other carpet jobs I might have.
5	I own a carpet cleaning company here in the valley and keep a number of Chris' cards on hand and pass them out to any and most of my customers as often as I can. Chris' knowledge is incredible and he is a good, honest, hard working, straight shooting individual who I am privileged to know and work with. I refer Chris on carpet, tile and wood flooring sales and installation as well as repairs and stretching of carpet. He is really my go to guy in the carpet industry. If I have a question or need information on carpet, he is my first call. If you need Chris' services, He is a Must Call!!!!! You won't be disappointed.  What are you waiting for, Call Him!!!!
5	Chris did an excellent job at replacing carpet that was torn from previous tenants dogs - he showed up on time - charged  a reasonable price and got the work done - I would highly recommend him -'Linda - Century 21
5	We replaced our carpets with Carpet Chris. He was very professional and explained the whole process to us before the installation began and any problems that could arrise thereafter. Chris worked in a very timely manner and did a fantastic job at a fantastic price. We had no problems afterwards.A few years later we put our home up for sale and called on Carpet Chris! He didn't hesitate and replaced the carpet in our three bedrooms. Again, he did a fantastic job and had not one problem. If any problems arose then and now..I know who to call! Carpet Chris can fix it!!
5	Chris fixed the carpet in my home, and did a great job with everything. He was fast, friendly and flexible with timing.
5	We called Chris to do the transition from carpeted rooms to newly-installed tile.  He showed up on time, did a fantastic job on the transitions, and all for a great price.  We'll call Chris anytime we need carpet work.
5	Chris did a phenomenal job repairing the carpet in my home.  You can't even see where it was repaired as it blends in with the existing carpet very nicely!  That is how good he is!  His prices also blow the competition away.  If you need your carpet repaired, Carpet Chris is the only guy you should call.
5	Chris did a great job repairing our carpet! The repair was done perfectly...I would highly recommend him!  I found Chris' company on Yelp...
5	Chris did a great job on our closet re-carpet after we spilled a can of paint :(. He also was able to fix two other spots in our master that we had been having some problems with. fair priced and very responsive!
5	I was 100% satisfied with the job Chris did.  I recently came from out of the area and relied on yelp to suggest a good resource.Chris promptly returned my initial call and I set up an appointment for a couple of days later.  He was on-time, charged a fair price, was pleasant to deal with and, most importantly, he did a great repair job of what man's best friend tried to destroy.Although I hope I do not need his services any time soon, if I do, I would not hesitate to call him again.
5	I replaced the carpet in the living area of my house with tile and that left me with four bedroom doorways that had carpet / tile transitions that didn't look too pretty.  I called Chris and told him I wanted the job done as soon as possible since I'm getting my house ready for sale.  Chris made time to get my job done on short notice, he showed up at 7 pm the next night on schedule and finished the four doorways with carpet / tile transitions at a very reasonable price.  I will definitely use Chris for any carpet repairs I need in the future.
5	Chris came out and repaired a burnt section of carpet for us when we were selling our house. He was extremely professional and did an AMAZING job. You couldn't even tell the carpet had been replaced. He was quick, professional, and did an amazing job! If you need a carpet repair, don't call anyone else! Give Chris a call!
5	Chris was referred by our carpet cleaner, Paradise Carpet Cleaning, but I still wanted to go online and research some options so that I could get a couple quotes on getting our carpet stretched.  After looking on Yelp, I found Chris Carpet Repair and realized it was the same guy that I was referred to!  Well, no need to look any further!  I called Chris and he gave me a quote over the phone for just one room, and once he got to my home and saw that he only needed to stretch one corner and not the whole room. He knocked the price down and I really appreciated not being sold services that weren't necessary.  I asked him to quote me another room so that I can budget for it and he said he'd just do it then for no extra charge because it was so minor.  Really nice guy who stands by his work, is honest, and doesn't up sell or charge crazy amounts.  That's all that I ask for!  Thanks!
5	I needed the carpet stretched in my master bedroom and Chris did a fantastic job, especially considering how big the bumps were. He was extremely professional and got the job done quickly. I will definitely use him for any future carpet needs.
5	Chris was great.  I needed my daughters carpet put back in place after having some slab work done.  He was out the same day I called and took care of it quickly and efficiently.
5	Professional, courteous, and prompt.  Chris repaired sections of dog-chewed carpet in my apartment in less time that it will take me to write this review.  He is knowledgeable and his results are a testament to his experience.  Even more impressive is honesty.  He originally quoted me $150 for the job after I sent him a picture of the carpet and charged me only $125 after he finished.  When I handed him $140 as I did not have change, he returned my second twenty dollar bill and said $120 was fine.  Who does that?! Honesty and integrity will always win me over.  Please do yourself a favor and have Chris handle all your carpet needs.  This fickle customer was impressed and you will be too.
1	I called 4 days ago about carpet installation on my stairway and he hasn't even returned my call. I realize it is not an entire house of carpet but in this economy no job is ever to small. Guess I won't be relying on his services. Very disappointing after reading all the reviews.
5	Chris showed up on time which is a huge.  He returned my calls and answered all my questions.  Was in and out in an hour.  Great job I will use him again for floors.
5	Chris was great!  He was pleasant, courteous, prompt, and did a great job of repairing my carpet.  I would highly recommend him.
5	Great prices, super prompt, excellent quality of service.
5	I called Chris to repair dog damage to my carpets based solely off the reviews on Yelp and was not disappointed.  He was every bit as professional and capable as the previous reviews stated.  He made sure to call when he was on his way and showed up when he said he would and was much more reasonably priced than other services I had called.  He took his time and did a phenomenal job with 2 repairs in my home. I would call him again in a second.
5	Chris came recommended from Rob at I Clean Carpets as the right man to help me patch up a few holes in the carpet of the house I was renting before I turned it over to the landlord.Chris fit me in quickly and did a very quick and thorough job on the carpet repair - thanks to him, I was able to get my entire security deposit back.Highly recommended!
5	We used Chris two years ago (but just started writing reviews on yelp). Back then, we had just gotten a new dog, who tore up a bunch of carpet at the front door of our apartment. We sent pictures of the damage to Chris, and he immediately gave us a very fair quote for the work. He was honest, on-time, and completely successful with the repair. I would highly recommend using Chris for any of your carpet repair needs.
5	Called Chris to repair some carpet on my stairway that was damaged thanks to my cat. Chris showed up on time, assessed the damage and offered multiple solutions to repair. Chris is a super friendly guy who works fast and the results were amazing! Not to mention the price was right for me, will definitely use him again should the need arise. Thanks Chris!
