5	Great food at very reasonable prices. There's finally a good Vietnamese Pho restaurant on the North side of town.  The place is clean and plenty of parking.  Located next to the Love Store. Friendly staff.   Service is a little slow, but it was their grand opening (so that's understandable). The pho noodle soup was hot and delicious. The egg rolls very so good - fresh and crispy. Try the coffee with boba, it's refreshing. Definitely will come back.
5	Saw this place while driving back home so today I gave it a shot.   I had the dac diet B1 and my girl had the padtai.   The food came deliciously presentable and tasted great!  Prices are great.   Will definitely come back again.
5	Very friendly staff.  Omg!!  Our very own pho shop in the northwest. I ordered the well done steak and brisket.  Delicious broth,  perfect huge portion,  great meats. I also ordered f4,  that's the crispy veggie egg rolls,  perfectly crisped and delicious.
4	We went to have some pho last night.  Now I'm still somewhat new to pho only been to a few in town.  Got the combo needs a lot more tendon and tripe or just a bowl with tendon and tripe.  The flavors were simple and the sauces at the table made it so I could spice it up to my liking.  It is the best one I've had on my side of town but not the best in town.  My youngest got a chicken noodle stir fry that I thought was awesome but he only wanted the chicken.  I like this place will be coming back sometime.
5	Do you love pho? Do you live in the Northwest Valley? Yes? Then why are you wasting your time and gas driving to Chinatown?! You can get your fix here. The pho here is amazing. I usually use a generous helping of chili and hoisin sauce wherever I pho, but let me tell you I loved the taste of the broth so much here there was no need. Throw in an order of those deliciously porky ground pork rolls wrapped up with the vegetables and fish sauce to dip in and you are good to go! The restaurant is very clean and the service is very friendly, not like a lot of the establishments you will find on Spring Mountain, which is a definite plus!
5	Hands down the best Pho I ever had! The workers are very nice and welcoming!  It was our first visit here and we will most definitely come back. It's a lot closer to our home.  We don't have to drive all the way to Chinatown for Pho.  This place is way better than Pho Kim long N the service is 10x better!
5	Really good stuff. Living up to the hype! Staff is really welcoming. Food is great, good presentation, good portions and best of all really fresh.Now we need more asian foods here at northwest. We need korean bbq, ramen places, etc.
4	So excited to have a great Pho restaurant in the northwest! Our waitress was very pleasant and the food was great! They started us off with a complimentary pot of green tea, which was perfect for the chilly evening. We started off with an order of vegetable egg rolls. These were awesome! Nice and crispy with a great filling. The dipping sauce was yummy too. My fiance and I both got the rare steak bowl. They added the meat before bringing it out to us, so the steak was closer to medium by the time we started eating it. However, this did not bother us at all once we tried the broth! It is so flavorful that even my fiance, the king of seasoning, hardly added anything to it. We will definitely be back! :)
4	Close by and pretty darn good! Pho Rancho you had me at Hello. If you and I are friends, you already know I'm overly excited we have a pho restaurant in our neck of the woods now! Yes, driving to Spring Mountain was very inconvenient but there really wasn't any other choice for good Vietnamese food nearby. I'm glad to say I can now get my pho fix in North Vegas. And there's one thing you should know about me, I am a Pho snob. So I wasn't expecting it to be as good as my beloved Pho Saigon but what a pleasant surprise for me that it's a very close second. So delicious and not to mention kid approved. The restaurant itself is very clean, equipped with flat screens which are usually set to the food network. The portions could be a tad bigger but the prices are fair and the staff is very friendly. They will refill your drinks before you happen to notice your glass is half empty (or half full if your the optimistic type). And I also like how they come by periodically to remove empty plates, you don't usually see this type of service at other Vietnamese restaurants. They definitely have the right idea and will stand out from the bunch. Making sure customers are happy is the best way to ensure they will be back and often. Case and point, the restaurant just opened in November and I've been back twice and that is only the beginning. 4 solid stars. ; ) PhoLife.
3	It was alright. My expectations were really high, considering all of the 4-5 star reviews they got on here. To their defense, I probably just ordered the wrong thing. I got the Thai Curry because I've been craving it for a while and I was surprised to see that they had it there, and for really inexpensive too (about $6), but when it came out it tasted so bland. There was almost no flavor to it and absolutely no spice. The best way I could describe it to my boyfriend was, its like when you're sick and your tastebuds can't taste anything.And to make matters worse, the lady totally forgot to give me my Thai Milk Tea that I ordered lol.My boyfriend, on the other hand, loved his food. He ordered the charbroiled pork chop and a side of egg rolls. The only negative thing he could say about it was the portion size was super small compared to other pho places like Pho So 1, Pho Kim Long, Pho Mailan etc.If it weren't for how clean the restaurant aS and how welcoming and attentive the staff was, I'd probably give this review lower than 3 stars. Not saying I wouldn't go back though. If my boyfriend loved it and 13 other people on Yelp love it too, then I'm sure I just ordered the wrong thing lol.
4	I'm SOOOOO happy some Pho opened up closer to us! We tried this place out today because we're feeling under the weather, and nothing soothes the soul better than Asian soups!!The Pho here was delicious. We had the shrimp and beef. We ordered take out. They have everything separated for you in bags and containers - perfect. The broth was very tasty. And as you know, this is everything for Pho. The beef was nice and sliced very thin and the shrimp was cooked but tasted fresh. There isn't much else I can say because Pho is good or Pho is bad. Ready to go back and try out some of the other dishes they have. Especially for the prices they charge. It was only $15 for two large portions of Pho.
5	Can't get enough of their house fried rice! Friendly, clean and reasonable asian food.. It's not only Chinese food, but thai, japanese, Vietnamese.. And all delicious
5	Food was on point and service was helpful. Delighted that we no longer have to drive to China Town to get good Pho. We had pot stickers, shrimp rolls, rare beef Pho, & pork/shrimp & egg roll w/ vermicelli. Everything was delicious and tasted as it should.
3	Tried this place out for the first time and it was okay. Food - The combination pho was pretty good. I ordered the pork eggrolls as well, which was okay to say the least, it tasted premade. My biggest complaint however, was the thai tea.. Most of my drink was nothing, but ice! A few sips of it and you're pretty much done! I wouldn't order it again, not for three bucks..Service - Not sure why, but it felt like I didn't get that good of a service? There were empty booths, but I was seated in the middle of the place. The empty dishes were not taken away and my water wasn't refilled? Everyone else around us had pretty good service and had their stuff taken away and water refilled.. Not sure what was going on, but my bf and I were pretty quiet, we didnt even make a ruckus or a complaint so I don't get why we were excluded? The only time we were noticed is when our food was brought to us and the bill. OH and did I mention the workers were arguing about a money shortage? Yeah, that should not be done out in the open for your customers to overhear.Will I be back? Maybe.
5	Super great place. Food was good friendly people. We ordered take out and while you waited they gave his ice tea. They alway make you feel welcome when you come in. Place is very clean. You have to come and eat here.
5	This is our 2nd time here in a week. Food and service was great. Happy they're open late on a Sunday. Again, so happy that we don't have to drive to China Town. We had pot stickers, shrimp rolls, two bowls of pho, and it was only $27.
4	So far, the best pho I've had in Vegas. I've been to Saigon 8, Kinh Doh and Viet Bistro. I prefer other restaurants in Vegas for things like egg roll and banh mi. The service is ok. Never refilled our waters or checked on us. They also accidentally threw away our ticket so they had to dig through the trash before they rang us up. They seem nice otherwise...
5	First time coming here!! Location is great, and very very clean!!! Staff was super friendly!!! If you don't want to drive all the way to Chinatown for PHO I recommend  this place!!!!!
5	Today I really wanted pho again but decided that I can't live on pho alone.  So I ordered the charbroiled pork and Shrimp over a bed of vermicelli and some Veggies. The pork was charbroiled to perfection,  the flavors were marvelous and the vermicelli texture was perfect. Woman can live on pho alone,  the varieties of pho from beef, chicken Shrimp and plain veggie are always available here.  But the other non pho choices are awesome.  Don't miss trying the veggie egg rolls.
4	Had the pho with the brisket it was delicious and my son had the chicken noodle soup which he devoured perfect for a cold and rainy day, they were pretty busy and kinda forgot about us for a while when they realized they were very apologetic and gave us free  thai tea wich was good too. Definitely be back
4	Looking for a place to eat and found this new Pho restaurant on Yelp literally across the road from where we were. It's kind of strange to see ANY pho in this part of town but it had very good reviews so that was reason enough to try it out. If you know where the Roberto's on North Rancho is (and if you're local and you don't know then shame on you) then you can find this place as it is in the same strip mall right between a State Farm and a sex shop. Only in Las Vegas. This place has been open less than two months and it looks like it. Everything is very new and clean. You can still smell the paint a little bit.Service was great but then again we got there right after they opened and we were the first customers. Everything on the menu is surprisingly cheap. Most things were under $8 which is great. The menu is, for lack of a better word, a bit safer looking than most of the places in Chinatown. Most things had some variety of beef or pork in them and about the most unusual thing on the menu was tripe. Basically, being a boring white person, I did not have to guess at what anything was. I get the feeling that they are geared toward the less adventurous diners.  We got the shrimp pan fried noodles, the pork egg rolls and the B1 pho special which has a little bit of everything in it. Currently, Pho Saigon 8 on Spring Mountain is my favorite pho place in town. I wouldn't say that the pho or the egg rolls at Pho Rancho were quite as good as Pho Saigon 8 but I enjoyed them all the same. My girlfriend loved the pan fried noodles. Overall this place is pretty good and I hope they are successful. I know we will be back to try some other things since it all looked good.
5	let me start by saying this BY FAR THE BEST PLACE TO EAT PHO IN VEGAS.....i have eaten pho at many places on spring mtn and around las vegas nothing to write home about folks i never finished it all, that is until i came to this Marvelous place.The Pho is outstanding to say the least i can never have enough the place is very clean and the staff is nice but the food man oh man i cant wait to go there again and again :)
5	Best pho shop in vegas hands down. I come from san diego with a heavy concentration of really good pho restaurants and this place is reallyyy goood. Very new and very clean and awesome friendly staff. Will be back forsure
5	Very satisfied customer so far. The food is great and the service is exceptional. Special thanks to the owner for my free tea!
5	Food is delicious, service is fast, and the restaurant is clean! That's all I really ask for from a one $ sign restaurant! The beef pho and short ribs were both really good.
4	North Las Vegas is stepping it up with a few new restaurants and this is one worth writing about.  There are really NO legit pho restaurants in North Las Vegas, so I would say this a great addition to the area.  The next closest spot would be Viet Bistro but even that is a little further away.So onto the food, we tried the pork egg rolls, combo pho, and charbroiled pork vermicelli bowl.  The pork egg rolls are definitely not as good as Viet Bistro, but a whole lot cheaper.  You really can't beat 4 large eggrolls for $4.95.  They weren't my favorite due to a strange salty/sour flavor.  I'll probably give them one more go, in hopes that it was an off batch.  The combo pho really hit the spot for me...it had rare steak/meatballs/tendon/tripe...all the good stuff.  The flavor of the broth is a tad bit on the sweet side but still very savory.  For $8 a bowl, the price is definitely right for the quantity.  The charbroiled pork vermicelli bowl was very tasty, but a little skimpy on the pork in my opinion compared to other locations.  Also,  I wish they offered chicken as an option instead of just beef and pork.   And where is my favorite bun bo hue....that would really make this place legit...but prob scare the non-Asian folks in this area.Based on my observations of the staff, they are Cantonese and Vietnamese (since they speak both languages).  They also have some other Asian offerings (like stir fried noodles, curry, pad thai)....not sure if I'll venture into ordering non-Viet or Cantonese items offered.  The restaurant is fairly large and clean...for now.  Good fro groups and they were showing football games on Sunday.  Definitely will be back for a nice hot bowl of pho in the wintertime!  Hope they last in this location, it's a needed addition to the restaurants up North.
3	Service  is good, waitress  was very attentive. Location  is great as there aren't any other Pho restaurants in this area. Food was good... its no "Pho Kinh Do" but when you don't  feel like driving down to Spring Mountain "Pho Rancho" can hit the spot. Floor leading to the restrooms was sticky... I HATE STICKY FLOORS.
5	First time here and really loved the genuine  flavors, the price, and the atmosphere! Will be back pho more.
5	Sooooo good!!! We ordered the pork rolls, beef pho, shrimp pad Thai, chicken fried rice, and beef chow fun. It was all delicious!! I'm so glad I don't have to drive all the way to Chinatown now! :)
4	Food taste is what you expect from a Pho but what makes it different is the enthusiastic feel from the staff. A place that i would come back to with this 35 degree weather.
4	The food was very fresh and pretty tasty.  The restaurant is very clean and the service is prompt and courteous.  I like that there is a Pho restaurant on this side of town and we don't have to drive to Chinatown to enjoy a decent meal. The prices are very reasonable which gives you the opportunity to enjoy more items from the menu.  This will now my "go to" Pho restaurant.
5	I've been to several pho restaurants around the valley, and I have to say that this is by far my favorite pho restaurant. If you're in North Las Vegas like I am, this spot is very convenient since you don't have to go all the way to Spring Mountain just to get some good Vietnamese food.Pho Rancho is very clean and the service was excellent. Our waiter was very attentive and made sure everything was in order. The pho was very hearty. I don't think I've been to a pho restaurant that was generous in their slices of beef. Broth wasn't overpowering or bland at all. I'm pretty sure if Goldilocks ate here she would agree the pho was just right. My father also ordered the grilled beef with rice, which I have to say was very good. If you're familiar with Filipino cuisine it tasted like tocino, but beef. The ground pork eggrolls were fantastic as well.But the one thing that will definitely keep me going are the prices. I don't think you can beat their price for the damn good quality taste they have. From comparison, I would say they're about $2-$3 cheaper than your average Vietnamese restaurant. Would definitely recommend.
4	Situated in a small town outside of the strip this place has some of the best Pho I've had in awhile. The broth had that authentic Vietnamese taste that wasn't oversaturated with oil. Only reason for 4 out of 5 stars is that I like to eat at a place twice before giving it 5. Very good first impression though
2	I went to this restaurant three separate times, each time ordering the rare steak pho, and each time the service was horrible. I have never been to a "restaurant" with such inattentive staff before in my life. There is a sign at the door that says please wait to be seated, and if you follow the sign you probably will never eat. Each time I went to this place I had to seat my self. The first time I went here the food was pretty tasty, but the service was not very good. The waitress actually came over while I was on my phone and just grabbed my bowl while I was still eating. I mean all she had to do was ask. The Thai milk tea is tasty, but they fill up those cups with so much ice that you barely get anything.Second time I came here I took my mother, we ended up sitting ourselves and I grabbed menus. By the time we were ready to order three separate groups entered and sat themselves. We waited for the waitress to take our order but what she did was go and take everyone elses order first! strike one. I do not know if it was a race thing or what, because she went over to the table seating an asian family, who came in the restaurant more than ten minutes after us, and took their order first. Then she went to each table that was seated much after ours before finally taking our order. My mother was very irked at the sight of this, I had to reassure her it is no big deal, even though it is extremely rude. The gentle man who works there brought all the other tables their veggies, bean sprouts, lime, peppers, branch ,etc, before our table got anything. Its funny because we did get our food before everyone else but we had no sprouts, or any of that, I had to ask for it. My mother loved the food, enough so that she wanted to go again. The chef was very nice and she did come out and apoligize for the fact that they were understafed, she should have said that the staff was undertrained.What really got to me the second time was that we asked for light ice in our thai tea, the waitress kept saying,"less ice yes, less ice" I kept saying no we want light ice, just a little ice, not too much ice, she repeated," yes, less ice" when we got our tea it was filled with ice. This simple thing really got on my bad side. How rude!!The third and last time i will ever sit in this place was a couple days ago, I went with my mother and we ordered the same thing as the previous. We actually had to ask for ice on the side so there was no confusion, It was a really bad mistake. The Thai tea with no ice was not layered so it was pretty gross. I think its also because with no ice they put a lot more half and half. When the food came out it was not hot, it was warm but not hot. I ate it anyway, until I just lost my appetite. This is the final time I will ever eat inside this place. Maybe I will get something to go, but never will I set foot in this place to eat ever again. Its hilarious, the waitress grabbed my mothers bowl without asking, just thinking that she was done, I had to tell her that she was still eating. My mother was irked at the fact that she did that and just told her that she is done now. This place needs to sell their new Tv's and hire a hostess and new waiting staff. or at least Train their existing staff to be competent. They should also dim the lights, it is not a robertos, so quit acting like it is. I would give this place a one star if it was not for the food being fairly decent.I really wish that this place was replaced with Monta Ramen or something similar.
4	Haven't been to too many Vietnamese restaurants, so this review is from the "average joe" perspective. Walked in about an hour before closing, there's a sign that says to wait to be seated, but you really just seat yourself and the waitress comes to you. The menu is very simple to read, with nice big pictures that show what your ordering. The prices are very cheap compared to some other places I've been to, but the quality was the same, if not better. My total came to around $7.50. I ordered the Beef and Broccoli. The food was great! The broccoli was crisp, yet soft at the same time and the beef was cooked to perfection. Overall, don't expect too much. It's not a five star, fancy restaurant, but a good mom-and-pop family owned restaurant. Will most likely be coming back in the near future.
4	Convenient, cheap, if a bit eccentric. The egg rolls are nothing to write home about, the pho, even plain, is excellent. I thoroughly enjoyed my sliced beef dish, but it was a bit slim on meat portion, not a bad deal given the price.Their bun needed a little more roasted garlic flourish but its almost there. The nuoc mam could stand to be a bit stronger but I guess they want to maximize their potential customer base; personally I have no problems passing for a fish market after some excellent Vietnamese. Have yet to try the Chinese dishes on the menu but they do look mighty appetizing. Service is still getting sorted out but its not bad, just a work in progress. Later hours on weekends as well as offering broken rice would be nice.
5	This place is good, no joke! I ordered the Rare Beef with Noodles soup   ahhh it was delicious. The beef finished cooking just right in the hot soup. Totally recommend this place!
4	Excellent broth, good food, exceedingly clean restaurant, and a nice owner - we will definitely be returning!
