3	Uhhhhh, Ok I guess this place was good, my only complaint about it was the mac n' cheese that I got wasn't stirred up, it looked like when you make kraft mac n' cheese and just pour the cheese powder on there and not mix it together....yeah kinda gross. Everything was great about this place otherwise, fast and friendly service and was in and out within 6 mins.
2	This KFC is poorly ran with an exceptionally poor evening staff. I have visited this location about 10 times over the last year and have left twice without purchasing food. the first was due to a 20 minute wait, second was due to staff informing me that the dining room was closed during normal business hours and that I would need to purchase my food in the drive through. With the mess up of my order (two other occasions) that arent apparent until I have already gotten home. There have been at least two occasions where I have been treated very well and have gotten excellent food with great customer service but unfortunately they were all during the day time. Make sure you check your food!
2	Trash was overflowing! Literally. The dining room had one couple in it, and unless a busload full of people left moments before we walked in, I can't think of any valid excuse that the trash was overflowing, the tables weren't wiped and there was trash all over the floor. The only reason I'm giving two stars is - the chicken was great (we took our order home), the order was right and everything was hot. We got an extra spork in our order (bonus) so I'm not gonna hold the fact that there was no honey packet for the biscuits (its not really honey anyhow, ya know..)Management - clean up your act.
1	KFC as a whole is just not worth the money. This store sells you overcooked hours old chicken to boot. Frys has better chicken. So sad.
1	Why isn't less than 1 star a possibility?  We try this every now and again, thinking it's got to be better.  This was just a one bad night.  Well, that's it.  Service is too long, employees don't know their menu, the place is warm, service is terrible, and the food is not that great to begin with.  We have had ore bad experiences here so we won't go back.
1	This place and service is terrible. The facility itself was dirty, the tables were not wiped down people were literally standing waiting for their orders to takeout..the racks in the back were empty the staff were clueless as to what was going on...I didnt see a manager anywhere, I did wait on my order as it was already 715. The meal was horrible..I will go elsewhere and it wont be KFC~
3	It's probably been about a year or so since I've been here. I ordered the 3 piece combo with a large drink for $9.05. Pretty pricey for 3 pieces of chicken and two smallish sides and a drink. I'll let you in on a secret, I pull the fried stuff off of my chicken. And underneath all that fried stuff are juicy and tasty pieces of chicken. The cole slaw at all of the KFC's is the best. Nobody beats the Colonel on cole slaw. The biscuit was good, I usually throw it out 9 times out of ten because it's usually hard and rank tasting. So the Colonel has definitely stepped it up a few notches in the biscuit department. More mash potatoes instead of all that gravy people. I didn't come here just to eat gravy.The place is clean and the employees seem to do a good job. Why only 3 stars. That constant drive up bell drove me nuts. I was trying to get some reading in and the bell keep ringing non-stop. It kinda reminded me of the ACDC tune Hell's Bells in the beginning of the song. Imagine this bell sound every 15 seconds while you're in the dinning room.    http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0G1RqPUvW8Y
1	If I could give a No Star I would give it to them. The food was cold, the service sucked, ( drive thru ) personnel had big attitude as if I was inconveniencing their "chill" time, and they gave me attitude for speaking proper English and them not understanding it. So I will never go back to this KFC.
1	It's Friday night at 5:30 and I ordered an eight piece of extra crispy. I was told it would take twenty minutes. I left.
2	Not so great chicken, and a service charge. Ordered two 10 piece buckets, one of which was total mush. Not a crisp piece in the entire bucket. In addition, I was charged a 39 cent service fee for using a debit card. There is now a sign in the window that this location charges a 39 cent service fee on all orders with a 39 cent discount for cash and CREDIT card customers. When I questioned the charge, and informed the not-especially-helpful cashier that my debit card can also be processed as a credit card, he insisted that it could not, and that their system charges automatically for debit cards.  What a rip off!
2	Disappointing experience. Took a long time to get the food, and everything I wanted was not available and had to settle for something else. The person working the register had to go and check what was available in the back. Took way too long. I have been here once before and had a great experience, not sure if I'll come back.
