2	This review was posted many months ago, but I guess It posted in the wrong area and it was removed. So, I'm posting in, what I hope to be, the right area. I'm more than glad to remove it permanently if the information is no longer accurate. The show was awesome. Faith has a great voice and Tim is a good entertainer. The showroom is beautiful. The acoustics are awesome. I saw Phantom there a couple of times and I thought during this show that I would probably come back again at some point...STOP!!!!! That is until the show was over and it was time to leave. Our seats were upstairs. First of all, we had to walk up a ton of stairs to get there .After waiting 10 minutes in the elevator line for ONE elevator, with no luck, we decided to endure the knee pain so that we could get to our seats on time. It took us THIRTY minutes to depart the showroom. THIRTY MINUTES!!! I've been to most showrooms and arenas, both on and off the strip, and it has NEVER taken me that long to LEAVE a showroom. It was the most ridiculous egress process in Las Vegas. Once we were down the stairs, we saw a clear way out, but an usher blocked us and told us that we weren't allowed to exit that way. I never experienced this with Phantom (of course I always sat downstairs). What was the problem? The Venetian wants to make money. So they have a Soul2 Soul gift shop immediately at the exit. They also have a very large "buy your photo" area right at the exit. VENETIAN!!!! I've got news for you. THERE IS NO ROOM FOR EITHER. Heaven forbid someone gets sick in that crowd. EMS would never be able to get to them. That situation has to be against fire code. A thirty minute exit totally ruined my show experience and I will never go back. Well, if they change the exit experience, I might...
4	This is a nice theater. It's older than some of the other show places around the Strip, but it's still nice. Most every seat is a decent seat. It has good sound quality. And the decor is interesting. I'm still not sure what those gargoyles / monsters were doing. But it certainly occupied my time until the show started.
4	The Venetian Theatre is a beautiful venue for any kind of concert of Broadway style show.  I've been in the theatre twice since it was the Phantom Theatre.  Much of the Phantom design elements are still there except the eternal audience.  The chandelier in the center of the theatre's dome is a part of the one used in that famous seen from Phantom.Last night, I was in the theatre for the Brian Wilson and Friends Show.  The show was being taped for broadcast next year on PBS.  The only negative last night was the box office not being prepared for the hundreds of people who came to pick up their tickets at the appointed time.Unless you're sitting way in the back, all seats give a good view of the stage and the performers.  I am so glad the Venetian has retained this theatre.  It was announced last night that the theatre would be used for more events like last night.  It will be good if it gets used a lot!
