5	AMAZING bike shop. Doesn't have a large selection of bicycles but there is bare necessities. John is classic and extremely knowledgeable about bikes and bike repair. He doesn't mess around. The downtown biker masters told my man about this place. Best kept secret bicycle shop in Vegas.If you're in the market for a used bike or want to sell your bike on consignment this is a great place to go. Or just pick up a fixie for $300.
5	Where to start?Pros:- John is the man. He will even teach you how to inflate your tires! (Tell him I sent you.) - There are bikes, clean showers, lockers and restroom facilities exclusive for members (I cannot recall how much membership was, but it was not expensive), air pumps, now only one remaining chair, and if you have to park your bike outside: roving armed guards who seemingly deter theft enough so one's vehicle is still there upon return. YMMV. (Lock your fucking bike up correctly [that includes the saddle, yo.])- New!: There is a bike stand outside. It even has tools (if any of you steal them ....)Cons:- Those same armed guards may entirely too trigger-happy so you may end up being collateral damage if you resemble a zombie or are talking to one when they are put down.- Only open from 7AM to 7PM (although, parking outside is open twenty-four hours, obviously). Neither Pro nor Con: - So-called Zombie Apocalypse taking place outside. Some days they are ultimately entertaining, on others they want to make you just cry . Do not ride your bike within the curtilage of the BTC. There is an N.R.S. for that and I have heard -- although never actually witnessed -- guards are quick to get on you about it. Never experienced it myself, I prefer to strut about while steering my bike by the head. Yeah, I am cool like that. The bike centre membership gets you discounts on all repairs and I think it even gets you complimentary tune-ups. Not sure about that: go and ask. I know for sure that it allows you to lock your shit up in a locker while you go out looking like a Modern Man walking in DLV. Wear your helmet. - E
4	I have a membership at RTC bike Center, $30 for 6 months.It's absolutely fantastic and so convienent towards my life. I work downtown area at the Justice Court during the weekdays, all i have to do is wake up, throw my business clothes into my bag and wear my cycle bike gear on. Ride down Alta/Bonneville(One of Las Vegas's great bike lanes to ride through) arrive shortly from my house to the bike shop. Clean up with a shower and throw my gear in my personal locker. And have a friendly coffee sip with the provided kuerig coffee maker the bike shop has for members only. And then 20 till 8am I walk down the street to clock in for work. Life is GREAT! I never have to worry about not having enough excercise into my day and Im twice as much more productive and cheery during my day because of the power of cardio excercise and getting your heart rate going.***One request probably i would reccomend to the manager or owner of the Bike Center is to provide filtered water to fill up water bottles and for the coffee. Theres a huge difference is we could implement that.
