4	Like earning cheaper gas
5	Great store, very good selection and quality.  Snowbirds be sure to sign up for the discount card, well worth it!  Very good prices.
1	My suggestion: Go to the Marketplace on Higley/Chandler Heights or Combs/Gantzel. Avoid this store at all costs. 1. Customer service by most of the staff is substandard.2. The store is constantly out of stock, while the Marketplace manages to keep items in stock. 3. Found numerous cases of expired food.4. Overall rude behavior.Where to begin? How many characters do I have? There's good, bad and just plain ugly!1. Cut hand on their display. Found employee near the pharmacy who told me to hike it down to customer service to see what they could do and went back to texting on her phone. I went to the pharmacy where they were very helpful. 2. Due to an error, I had to return inside while my 2 sons waited outside in the winter. 1 is 4 and the other 17 years old. The clerk knew this as I had just gone through his lane and it was a slow night. While inside, a couple of young men were getting liquor. The clerk said to me, "I'm just going to take them first. You don't mind, do you?As a matter of fact... I do mind! Of course, I did say that also. 3. One day, I was with children and using self checkout. I wondered why the coupons I had given the clerk was not showing on my screen. So, I mentioned it to him that the coupons were not coming off. He told me to not be "antsy" and "calm down", in front of my children. I was actually calm and matter of fact about the situation. I sent the children to the SUV and then proceeded to ask the young man who he thought he was, speaking to me in that manner. 4. Finally, today, the little bookkeeper was rude to me. I simply started to state the coupon policy on facebook. Luckily, I had witnesses, including the cashier who were stunned by this bookkeeper's actions. I said  "According to the Facebook page," She stopped me and said, "Don't talk to me like that". I said, "I'm sorry, did you find something rude about my tone." She said, "Yes".Of course, we can't always analyze the mental illnesses and deficiencies in others.However, I happen to be a Communications professor, which makes this all the more hilarious and ironic. I will be using her as an example for years to come. Some good has come of this. No matter how professional and sincere you may be, someone who has personal emotional problems may interpret tone as rude. Of course, I can understand how someone would have esteem and emotional problems, having to work as a bookkeeper at a grocery store. However, there is no need to treat customers that way, just because she doesn't respect herself. Which leads to another final oddity about that store, and this is the self checkout clerks constantly chitchatting with people rather than helping customers. This happened the other day.It is sad that there are some really good employees heire, but also some really ignorant, rude and obnoxious employees. The fact is, all the above incidents were perpetrated by Caucasian employees. I happen to be 1/2 Caucasian and 1/2 Asian. I certainly hope that this is NOT a case of discrimination as well as overall poor customer service by the Caucasians at Frys.
1	Very bad customer service. Too many kids work there and goof off! No management what so ever.  Never got my lunch meat on time once. Go to the store off Combs.
1	Wow someone should terminate "Dee." I saw her stealing money from the bottom of a self check register and putting it in her pocket. I know she was in fact stealing because she glanced over both shoulders suspiciously before putting the cash in her pocket. This was clearly somebody's change! Janet wears a red customer service vest but refuses to provide acceptable customer service and does not engage with customers.This store is always out of stock and their vegetables are rarely fresh. Here's what you need to do, drive to Combs and shop at the Marketplace. The staff there is mature and professional and the produce is of a much higher quality. Poop on this store.
