4	I am surprised that this place has not been reviewed yet, so it's great that I get to be the first!Dark Ocean is located off Portobello Road, near the Morrisons supermarket, and provides laser gaming for all ages.  Whilst it might not be as well known as Laser Quest, this place provides an equal if not better experience.There are two things that make this a great place.  Firstly, there are enthusiastic staff.  I was there with a group of children, as part of a night out with the children's charity I volunteer with.  Staff patiently allowed all of the kids to choose their name for the evening, and then played the part as the kids got kitted up with their packs and (laser) guns.  This helped to create a really fun atmosphere for the kids we were there with, who were aged between 8 and 12 years old.Secondly, the game itself is enormous fun.  The arena that they have constructed is great, with plenty of places to hide, many routes from one place to the next, and the odd dead end thrown in as well.  The game lasts around 20 minutes, after which the scores are collated, and everyone gets a copy of how they did.  These provide a very thorough breakdown of all of the vital statistics, so you are left in no doubt as to who is the best.It is worth bearing in mind that there is very limited parking at Dark Ocean itself, although you can park at the next door Morrisons.  I was able to find a space for a 17 seater minibus without too much trouble.As these sort of places go, and I have been to a few over the years, this is right up there with some of the best for me.  A great evening out is guaranteed!
5	Same as other folk in my aging position, when I turned 30 I had a complete and utter second childhood moment. Demanding party food from when I was 8 (who doesn't like fondue and finding your bit of food floating in the mire?), ghost walks in Edinburgh and refusing to accept reaching my 4th decade in this world, my family arranged for a surprise trip to Dark Ocean. It was my first time at Laser Quest and it was amazing. I turned into a Commando. 8yr olds made mincemeat of me. My nieces and nephew stalked and destroyed me. I hid out and tried to play sniper. I was utterly crap at it all and had the best birthday ever. If it had been a proper children's party, I should have demanded jelly and ice cream after with a few cartoons playing, but maybe I am a little bit more grown up afterall. But only a little.
5	When I first walked past here I thought that it was a pub, but then realised that it was a laser tag venue. My first experience of laser tag was only a few months back when I went to the Laser Quest on Dalry Road. I know it supposed to be for kids, but it is honestly a lot of fun and such a good laugh when you get together with a groups of mates and play. The venue has an ocean theme with neon lights in the main area or aquatic life, which adds an extra dimension to the game and allows you to not walk or run into the walls, which is all to easy in other venues!The staff were really friendly and explained the rules thoroughly to a couple of guys we were with who had not been before. Inside the game area itself there are loads of nooks and crannies to immerse yourself in to try and avoid and pursue the fellow players.
