5	I HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!!  I called on a Friday morning, they initially told me it would be Monday (which is still extremely fast) before they came out but once they got my address, they called their field tech who was in my area.  He came over during his lunch break to look at the issue with my refrigerator, determinted it was a simple repair and took care of it right there.  Technician was extremely friendly, determined that since it was just  a minor issue, charged me merely for the service call and labor, fixed my refrigerator for $98, gave me tips and advice to look for in the future. This company guarantees their work for the life of the appliance. It's FANTASTIC!  CAll them for ANY appliance repair you need done!  They're honest, dependable, reliable, and CHEAPER than the big name repair companies!!!
5	They fixed my dishwasher, and the man was very friendly, work done was good.
5	This company was fabulous! From the first phone call to my freezer being fixed, it was first class all the way! I called in to have someone take a look at my ailing fridge on monday morning expecting a repair at some point in the week. They fit me in that afternoon and the repair was done so fast! my technician was friendly and the price was perfect. i would recommend these guys to ANYONE that needed it!
4	Did a great job repairing my dryer and vent system. Honest and reliable. The price is also reasonable..... A+++
5	Mike is honest and reliable. He repaired my over the range microwave fast and at a fair reasonable price.  I will be using him for all my appliance repairs!  A++++
5	I am not a fan of most 'repair' companies. Tip Top is an exception. I don't know how a business achieves 5 stars until they do. I expect professional, courteous treatment as well as keeping appointments and no surprises.A small business that is run very professionally with clear communication and on-time appointments.I called and left a message. Shortly I got a call back. Suzanne scheduled the appointment to my needs and called to let me know Mike was on the way thrity minutes before he arrived.Mike arrived and went about repairing my refrigerator and provided clear options. There were additional small issues that he was able to resolve in addition to making the refrigerator work again as well as fixing the ice maker work too.I then asked to make another appointment to look at a washing machine and a leaking faucet. He took the time to troubleshoot the issue, told me he had to order parts and timeframe for returning. He lef t me with an invoice for the current work and an estimate of the planned work.Again, I got calls when parts came in,scheduled time, and Mike showed when scheduled after a pre-arrival reminder. So what drove 5 stars. Attitude, helpfulness, a high degree of comfort that the communication from the office and Mike was open and honest, no hidden charges, and his hones assesment of the condition and viablity of the appliances.I have his magnet on the Fridge and will call him whenever there is  need in Arizona.
1	Overpriced
5	****Honest, Friendly, Reliable*****I first called Tip Top in 2006 or 2007 when my clothes washer was having issues.  They investigated for me and found that the repairs would be covered under warranty.  I was impressed with their integrity and courteous behavior. I have since called for repair work three more times over the years for other appliances. Each time I was given an honest quote of work and materials.  The repairs were then done quickly and at a reasonable price.  I will continue to call on them and refer them to my friends.
5	I was weary of calling Sears when my washer stopped working as they were extremely expensive last time I needed service. I decided to take a shot on Tip Top because of their rating and pricing and I am so happy that I did.The customer service was top notch and the actual machine service to my washer was timely.I will definitely call again (but hopefully no time soon )
5	I am so happy to have found Tip Top Appliance!  Mike and Suzanne are a great team!  Suzanne worked with my schedule and always kept me updated on Mike's arrival time. Mike was professional, knowledgeable, courteous and trustworthy. I felt comfortable with Mike from the get go, and knew I could trust his word.  I have already recommended Tip Top to friends and neighbors!  It's great peace of mind knowing that if I have another issue with any appliance I can trust Tip Top to be there to help me out!!You will NOT be disappointed!!!
5	Was in need of a refrig/freezer repair due to leaking water.  After reading reviews for Tip Top I thought I would give them a try.  SO glad I did!  Mike was right on time, friendly, very knowledgeable and explained everything in a way even I could understand.  I highly, HIGHLY recommend Tip Top....you absolutely will NOT be disappointed!!!
5	These guys have fixed a couple things for me and are always helpful and professional. They are willing to work with my home warranty which I greatly appreciate. I will call them for all my appliance breakdowns. Mike came out today to fix my washer and his office made the extra effort to make sure he had the right part on his truck.  We are back up and running for the holidays. Thank you! Thank you!
3	While initially upset that they were not on time, I did not know that it is a two person company. Still not pleased at the lack of communication, but Mike and Suzanne try their best to ensure each customer is thoroughly taken care of to a point of satisfaction. Unfortunately, parts had to be ordered, but such is life. Give these guys a chance.
