4	Yay for an Express store at Paradise Valley Mall!!! I love love love the clothes at Express since they are fitted and super stylish.Found a pair of cropped pants for $30. Since the red-line items get an additional 30% off, I walked away happy with $21 pants! WooHoo! Another article of clothing to add to my business attire.
4	I went through a phase where I bought all my clothes from Forever 21 because the prices were so cheap and I quickly figured out so is the quality. I love Express because the clothes are classic styles that are well made and can transition from work to going out. The prices are a little high but their sales are not to be missed you can find some killer deals. Express also gives out coupons that allows me to buy some items I normally wouldnt buy because I am a bargain shopper.
5	I buy most of my clothes from Express. I am a picky shopper. I like that I can get business and casual clothes here. I always wait for my $30.00 off coupons to score good deals. The quality and fit of their clothes are great. My husband looks super cute in the military cut shirts.
5	Went to buy t-shirts and collared shirts yesterday. The young man who helper us was very friendly and helpful. Selection was 3-to-1 for girls, but I found enough for me.
4	I recently got reacquainted with this store.  They have added very cute and modern items.  And when they have a sale, that is an even better deal.  I have also gotten a few shorts for my hubby.  They are pretty good quality.
4	Time to come in Express. They are having  big sales and their sales staff is very nice and very friendly. I didn't have any trouble tracking one down to open a dressing room for me, in fact, they came over and helped me get one started. I was able to get a cute skirt and a nice shirt on sale for a total of $26only sad thing for me is I am in between sizes for their pants. Size 2 is too small in the waist and size 4 is too big in the legs and butt. Too bad they don't have a happy medium for people with my body type!
3	My recent shopping experience at this location was not up to par as one savvy shopper would expect. The stores appealing window designed with dazzled up mahicans appealed to my eyes which lead me to go in. The trendy items throughout the store were perfectly placed in a presentable manner. The store looked wonderful after a busy holiday season. I was never greeted or approached by any of the staff. I only saw one person working the register and did not notice anyone else on the floor. I walked only the woman's section and accessories. I found a few items that tickled my fancy so I headed to the dressing room. There was a woman along with myself searching for someone to help us get in as the rooms remain locked. I happen to notice a woman sweeping the inside of a dressing room. I asked her if she could unlock the door. She told me I could have the room she was in and that was the last I heard from here. No name, mention of sale or a simple hello. The rooms were so disgusting. The chair looked like a health hazard it was so dirty. It was a a black chair that had so many stains on it the coloring was fading. The mirrors could use a little touch up along with some major wipe down on the walls. I made it quick and unfortunately did not find any items that I liked on me. Since the sweeping store attendant was again no where to be found I hung my clothing on the rolling rack outside the room. As I walked out the store I noticed there were plenty of customers but no seemed to be working except the gentleman at the register. Overall the store was pretty and well organized. I will stop by again but may pass on the dressing rooms unless they get a major makeover.
