5	Welcome to Part II of Dallas G's Improving My Life series.You may recall in Part I of Improving My Life I reviewed Whole Foods. I talked about how I stopped drinking (haven't had a drink in over a month, which means my Yelps will no longer be funny) and switched from a vegetarian diet to vegan, which is going on about 2 months. I'm even considering a raw food diet. We'll see. In Part II, I'm going to be ridiculously effusive about Amen and the Amenzone Primal Workout. The deal with human fitness, at least for me, is that you don't realize how far you've let yourself go until you start working out rigorously and discover through pain, but hopefully not injury (be careful!), that you're not 18 anymore. Like many of you, I have several extra ELL BEE ESS's. I'm not obese, but I'm not the lean specimen of lady lust induction I'd like to be... In fact, my problem has been that my life was too good living with a mediocre body. My bird likes a man with a belly. And I still manage to have many wonderful friends despite my paunch. I AM FORTUNE'S FOOL! But I realize I'd be happier if I LOVED how I look naked. My sizable head could swell even larger. And most importantly I know I'd feel better because I've been in really good shape once before and it's amazing. So here's the meat:Amen is a HIGHLY charismatic, energetic gentleman who is the creator and 5:30 AM inspiration for me and about 15-30 others of a "primal" workout that involves no weights, no machines, and no B.S. We use old tires. We use our bodies. Sandbags. It's intense. It's draining. It's honestly the greatest way you can possibly start your day. Almost every day of the week he offers some kind of training. There is now primal yoga. There are high intensity before and after lunch sessions. You can hire him for some one on one brutality. He has trained professional athletes and yet he's not gonna make you feel like an asshole if you can't physically do something. The first session is free. it's $20 for a drop in and if you buy a package it's about $15. So what's your health worth? I highly suggest you check it out. During my first session I had to quit with ten minutes left. It's seriously intense. I've since been able to finish but it's still as challenging as the first time. I've just learned to pace myself. If you are totally out of shape and haven't worked out in years I suggest talking to him about easing your way back into it. Seriously, try this. Thank me later.
5	I have finally tried the workout Dallas G has been raving about. Amenzone didn't disappoint. So we attended the early class, which meant 5:30AM! I somehow made it there on time. Most of the time I don't see that time of day, unless it is just getting in. The gym is in downtown in a cool little warehouse space. For this particular class we were outside in the back portion of the lot. There were no weights, benches, or rubber bands. All that was out there was the asphalt and old car and tractor tires. Definitely different. 4 rotations of 5 stations involving every muscle group, plus running. There was shadow boxing, stretching/yoga type moves and wind sprints to round out the workout. Amen, the trainer, does a great job of keeping you motivated while you are testing your mental fitness about as much as your physical.  It is also a very mixed group of people, first timers like me, some very fit and some not so fit.  By the end of the class everyone is cheering on everyone else.  There is no need to be embarrassed or ashamed if you are unable to finish, but Amen and the group will try hard to keep you going.  My only regret so far, I haven't been back in two weeks. I have got to change that.
5	I'm down 23lbs since I started amenZone. It's not easy. It's not a miracle. It's hard work and it works, which you know in your heart is what it takes.
5	I bitch every time I head for a work out at Amenzone Primal Fitness Training but I'm always thankful for the results I see & feel. I never heard of this place until I read Dallas G's review. I thought if I could work out at this place, maybe a bit of Dallas' smokin' hot looks may just rub off on me. Ha! Amen is charismatic & knows exactly how to motivate you. When I'm working out with a class of 25-35 folks, I don't feel as though I'm in competition with the other attendees. I feel I am in competition with myself to do the very best during that one hour. Amen brings that primal instincts within myself. So thank you Dallas for the inspiration. Thank you Amen for making me want to see & feel a better version of myself. First class is free. So if you're ready to to push yourself through primal fitness, head to http://www.amenzone.net/ and check it out. Cheers! PS...I've lost a total of 16 pounds & feelin' so much better about myself. :)
5	New ideas require old buildings and this is the perfect combination. I love being in this part of town. It's feels urban, and real. The old warehouses that still exist are beautiful and have so much potential to be something amazing. AmenZone is a perfect example. I've never worked out so damn hard in my life but you will not find any weights, benches, treadmills, mirrors or walls of TVs. After the first time I worked out here I went home and could barely walk for about 3 days. During the workout our bodies were moving constantly for about an hour (with a few much needed water breaks.) We used our own body weight and a tire to engage our muscles and minds in a way that I have rarely felt when working out. AmenZone has changed my life. I will be going there for a long time.
5	I can't say enough positive things about Amenzone.  I've been working out here since August of last year and in that time, my stamina, strength, and energy have increased immensely--beyond what I could've possibly expected or anticipated.If you like mirrors, weights, and chatting/texting in a gym, Amenzone is not for you.  If you're serious about getting fit--mind and body--and you're up for a challenge, Amenzone is definitely for you.This is, bar none, the best workout I've ever done.  And I'm in the best shape I've ever been in.Come and try a class--I've got a guest pass with your name on it :o)
5	If you're a life-long exercise fanatic like me, you've probably hit that plateau, with every activity you've done.  At the time of joining Amenzone, I had been trail-running for about a year, and just completed a couple of 12-mile runs around McDowell Mountain, with a 'whatever' attitude.  So I started going to Amen's, and doing the variety of disciplines he and La Mar teach.  Whether it be Boxing Training. or Primal, or the Saturday advanced class, they all include every muscle group, and they vary through the entire 50-minute session.  Guaranteed-the first two weeks you will be sore, as you have just worked muscles you, normally don't use.  But once those muscles come online, you are burning many more calories all day, every day, and the curriculum switches to you going beyond your limits...which are undefined for most.This combo of extreme exercise, and mental conditioning are two elements that push your outside life to new levels as well.Amen or La Mar always end the class with an inspirational talk, which is always about gaining a perspective on life, which is necessary, because doing their workout makes you a hardbody, and you now are pretty intimidating...in a great way.
5	i love this place. between amenzone, personal training, and pilates, i have lost over 50lbs in 6mos. amenzone is challenging and fun; it is so much better than going to the gym.
5	If your looking for a great work out with friendly, positive people you need to come here!
4	I can't give this place 5 stars yet...but soon...maybe...I hope...I wanted to take some type of boxing classes and this was the only place close to my home.  I'm really not into the boot camp type stuff that seems to be the cornerstone of every thing this place does, but I decided to give it a shot.So last night I dragged my wife down there for our first boxing class.  It was an awesome workout and really kicked my ass.  It was difficult to make it the entire hour because you are going hardcore the entire time.  I'm not 100% sure because there are no clocks in the room, but there couldn't have been more than 30 minutes of actual boxing stuff.  It seemed to be more conditioning work than boxing drills and mechanics.   La Mar is a solid instructor and seems like a nice guy.  He had me motivated the entire time and gave me a killer workout.The class size was a bit too large for my taste (about 15 people) but the large facility easily facilitated everyone.  I also think they need more punching bags for a ratio of 2 people per bag instead of 3 or 4.Anyway, my wife and I are probably going to sign up for a few more classes and see how it goes.
3	After the initial large group boxing bootcamp workout thing (which was hardcore btw), my wife and I decided what we really wanted was more of a small group class that concentrated more on boxing.  I waited for weeks to get rates and the boxing guys availability but it was like pulling teeth.  Oh well.  We've since moved on to a new place.On a good note, this place does give an awesome workout if you enjoy a bootcamp style workout in a large group.  If you want something in a smaller group however; this place doesn't seem to be that accommodating.
4	The workouts are amazing. Totally ass kicking. The location is what kept me from joining when I lived in Phoenix (it was over 20 miles from my house). I went a few times with my friend, though. I love the trainers - super motivational and they always leave you with great quotes and stories to motivate you which is so important. Fitness has to be a way of life and the Amenzoners that I know are dedicated. If you don't mind driving far, this is a great place to work out and develop a tight group of fitness minded friends.
5	I have returned for a few workouts here and there. I love Amen and his Crew. I recently attended a Boxing class led by Tommy -- amazing class. Only thing that keeps me away is the distance. I attend another Boot Camp style gym but it's just not the same. Every time I go to class at the other gym I feel as though I'm settling and I HATE this feeling. Looking forward to the new AmenZone that will be located Metro Phoenix area. Amen & his crew are the best. Cheers***
5	This is such an AMAZING work out. Nothing like you've ever experienced before, and it completely life/body changing. The teachers are so inspirational. I highly recommend anyone to try it once, be careful, you might get addicted! xo
5	Like no other workout. Love this place.
5	Always a great workout! The atmosphere is motivating and there is always a variety of what's going on! You can't go wrong with a primal or boxing class!
