4	I can't believe this hasn't been reviewed yet?  The Great Dane located in Dane County Regional Airport?  The place is often so busy!So, if you know the Great Dane brew pubs, this is like a light version...only with great beer!The menu is reasonable though, scaled back.  Service during my visits has been prompt and friendly.   Of all the airports I travel through, and having this as my home airport....I sure do wish the others had a Great Dane, like this!
5	The bartender was nice and friendly, and I was there eating breakfast at 5:00 in the morning. I asked for tomato on my sandwich and she told me that there wasn't a fair way to charge for that so she gave it to me for free. My sandwich was delicious and came with a side of fruit. If I travel to this airport again, I will definitely be back, hopefully later in the day so I can order a cocktail!
4	Great food at reasonable prices (for an airport) - and they actually have salads. Like- actually good salads.  I haven't had the beer there - but if its anything like the great dane downtown - I'm sure you'll find the beer to be great. The staff is always super friendly - and reasonably quick if you let them know you need to be on a plane soon. If you need to kill time, they're happy to let you take your time with your meal and won't rush you - a very rare combination for any place in an airport.Make sure you ask your server for recommendations - they have been upfront and honest with me about what they do well - and what they don't.
1	Almost impossible to get good service at this location. Definitely hit up the downtown location instead. Also, what's up with the reduced menu? No veg options here, unless you're in the mood for a dry veggie burger.
2	Terrible waitress at the bar. Had trouble using the remote control for the TV and that's really the only reason I would hang out here at the airport.
3	The food tasted good and came surprisingly quickly...that is, once I finally got noticed and a waitress came by. The taking of my order, refilling of my drink, and finally getting and paying my bill took foooooor-eeeeeverrrrrr. Kind of ridiculous, actually.But the food was good and it didn't cost me anything, thanks to the incompetence of Delta.
1	French fries were barely warm. BBQ was cold in the middle. Waitresses standing around talking to each other and had to get up and tell them I needed service.  No time for that in an airport.
2	The airport location of the Great Dane is a sad shadow of the real locations. Being used to the experience and food quality at the downtown and Hilldale locations, I've twice been wholly disappointed by the airport Great Dane. Dried out vegetables, sad, soggy fries, and a general lack of attention by the waitstaff, accompanied by traditionally high airport pricing make it really unappealing. For a better beer and food experience at the airport, the Usinger's Wurst Bar wins on all levels. This is really too bad as I know the Great Dane has the capability to be a Madison treasure, they just fail at this at the cold, personality-less airport location.
1	One of the worst restaurants I have eaten at (that is the Great Dane at the Madison Airport)-  The service was slow and unfreindly.-  The menus were crumbled on the edges and covered with food stains.  And the first two items I ordered I was told they don't carry anymore.  -  The food was edible.  Not great but it did not give my food poisoning.  I suggest finding somewhere else at the airport to eat.  I tried the Quizno's at the airport on my next trip thru the area and it was SOOOO much better.
3	Not my best dining experience in an airport.   The server was very nice, she redeemed the place...still - I was desperate for breakfast and it was one of the many overpriced options in the airport.  The price for the eggs and pancakes and bacon was definitely not worth it.  The wait was a little longer than you would have thought for there only to be 3 or 4 other people in the place.
4	This was the first time here. I enjoyed the ambience and the food was great!!  They have several selections on their micro beers!! very tastsy.
3	Nice brew pub, with excellent pilsner beer. The fish and chips was outstanding as was the fresh cole slaw
4	Food was good.Waitstaff: nice, fast and efficient.It's not up to par with the Great Dane in downtown Madison but the food menu is mostly the same (albeit overpriced as all airport restaurants).As for the quality of our meal, I would say its good.
3	For a brew and some snacks before a flight, this ain't a bad place. I had the pale ale and some cheese curds. The pale ale was fine, but the cheese curds weren't authentic Sconny cheese curds. They were breaded like something you'd get out of the frozen section at the supermarket. The service was pretty good here. I would come here again.
3	With an hour to go before my flight home, The Great Dane seemed like the best option for dinner.  The minestrone soup came from a can, but I'm giving them a hall pass since this is an airport location & it's probably much harder with the limited kitchen space to make fresh soup. The prime rib wrap was definitely a nice dish. It's like philly cheese steak in a wrap, with peppers & melted cheese.  Definitely cooked to the right temperature & the au jus was nice. The fries weren't salty enough so I asked my server for a side of ranch.  Not great, but not awful.
2	We had over an hour until our flight. Ordered a plain vegetable salad, nachos, and crop circle beer. The beer was warm and flat and got a new one, which was only slightly better. (And cost $8!)After about 40 minutes of waiting the waitress came over and asked us what our order was. We then watched her go to her computer and put in our order. With 15 minutes to boarding time, we finally got our salad (bread was forgotten) and then the nachos. Probably won't go back.
2	I was served these carrots with my cheesecurds. They were dry,shriveled up,and had, slimey spots. I asked for new ones, and the server returned with another set on unacceptable ones and remarked "I just opened a new bag and they all look like this".My thought- just bc you open a new bag does not mean its not spoiled inside.Note to management- Train servers to use better word choices with customers.
4	Had the Fish and Chips. The Fish was fresh tasting, firm, and flaky. It had a very light flavor, not heavily battered nor oily, yet it held up to a bit of malt vinegar very well. Only had a few of the fries as I was not ready to acquire so many calories.Service was friendly and genuine. Great place to stop if you are at Dane County Airport.
3	The Great Dane in the airport is the only true restaurant in the place. It is a good place to grab a square meal before a flight, and with outlets in every booth, it is also a great place to charge up.I went to the Great Dane for breakfast on a Monday morning. I got two eggs, bacon, and toast. The eggs were cooked well, the toast was great, and the bacon was a little soggy. Overall though - decent food.The service in the other hand is a bit below average. It took 10 min to be greeted, and I didn't get a water my food was being brought out. I also got sausage instead of bacon on the first try. I can overlook all of this since I wasn't in a hurry, but if I had a plan to catch, it wouldn't have worked out. This place needs to be speedier if they're going to be in an airport!
3	A pretty solid airport joint made all the more better by a great bartender (Wendy) so has worked here for a while. She might possibly be the nicest bartender in any airport in the US. This place has very serviceable food, with the fish and chips being the standout. Think perfect fried crispy golden batter enveloping a tender juicy white fish. A quick splash of brightness with malt vinegar and life is good. Nachos and tortilla soup are a but bizarre, but edible. Not bad for a quick stop before boarding.
2	Odd customer service model.  While there were only a few tables with customers when I came in (about three), I was given a menu from Kate who said Helen  would be my server.  Helen finally appeared from the back and took my order.  She then disappeared to the back.  Suddenly my check was on my table.  Ok, I understand this is an airport and they want to get paid before people jet. Again, restaurant fairly empty, a customer who needed to pay her bill and get to her flight asked the bar tender, who was the only wait staff on the floor.  "I can't help you.  I was not your sever."  Weird! Where's the teamwork?  The response should have been "let me get your server to help you."  Finally her wait person appeared from the back (Helen) to settle the bill but then Helen disappeared to the back again.  The lady stood there and stood there holding some cash and her check.  She finally asked the bar tender to give it to Helen and that she can't wait any longer. My burger arrived with a "this has a wonderful smell."  "Helen" I thought, "get your nose out of my food."  My ice tea went empty.  "I sure need a refill to wash this dry bun burger down" I thought to myself.  Finally when I had just one bite to go, I got a refill.  Again, with both Helen and Kate spending most of their time in the back.  I suspect they are chief cook and dishwasher as well as wait staff.  If you're sitting at a table, don't even think of asking or even looking at the bar tender.  She won't help.  What's a person to do though?  Stuck in the airport and it's the only "restaurant" past security.Lesson?  Eat before you arrive or "fill up" on those crappy airline "meals for purchase."
2	Meh - this is the airport location. Of course this is a better choice to eat AT the airport but if you want to try The Great Dane go to one of the other locations. Everything was a little more expensive :/
3	Very dependable place for early-morning departures. Friendly and efficient staff. Somewhat limited menu, but food is fresh and quickly prepared. Not a destination restaurant, but quite good for what it is.
3	When you're at this airport, you're limited on restaurant choices. I was surprised that they had a Great Dane here at this airport, I recognized it from the one located in Downtown Madison. Unfortunately, my experience at the location in Downtown was not great. I was reluctant to try this place, but, as I mentioned earlier, you are limited on options when you're at this airport. My coworkers and I were at Wisconsin for Epic UGM. When we got to the restaurant, we knew that it was going to packed because everyone was flying out from that airport. When we arrived, we had a party of 5 and we were told that the wait would be 30-40 minutes. We understood and took a seat outside while we waited. The host was kind enough to come get us when our table was ready. We were seated and I was happy to see that the waiters and waitresses were quick to serve us, despite the madhouse. The waiters and waitresses remained clam and friendly the entire time, that's a big plus! Food, I ordered the tomato soup and beef wrap. The tomato soup definitely came from a can, but it I was craving it and it came out hot so it did the trick! The beef wrap was decent. I was surprised that they heated the entire wrap, I was only expecting the wrap to be cold. I also ordered the Sprecher root beer. Glad I was able to get this before I left Wisconsin! Overall, this is not a bad place to kill time as you're waiting for your flight. The service is great! The food is decent.
2	SLOOOOW service, food is not great. Not many healthy or vegetarian options besides the salads. Pity this is the only actual restaurant at MSN.
3	This is the Great Dane on the secure side of the airport - after you clear TSA. It's not bad for an airport joint.  It's actually pretty consistent with the other Great Dane locations in Madison. I ordered the Webster Street Salad with a cup of Corn Chowder. The Salad was decent aside for one bite of gristly chicken. The salad was comprised of mixed greens, plenty of dried cranberries, walnuts gorgonzola and cut up bite sized pieces of chicken. The Corn Chowder was tasty albeit the salad alone would have been plenty substantial in terms of filling one up. If you are in the Dane County Airport - this is your only option for a true sit down restaurant. It has a full bar and the service is relatively efficient.  They are also open very early if find yourself at the airport for a Zero-Dark-30 flight.
