1	Lowes locally reps this line.  They lack local installers, at least when I wrote this, so lead times for quotes took forever.  And when they finally sent me a bid, weeks longer than it should have, their pricing wasn't competitive, nor worth the wait and hassle. I paid $35 for a hassle and worthless quote.
3	Went here for parts. They did have what I needed, and customer service is ok.
5	I have been dealing with Arizona Shower Door for over 15 yrs and have never been disappointed. There customer service is unmatched and they offer all of the latest designs. From a simple Sliding Door to the most custom Frameless Door...they have it all. We have several options when it comes to glass suppliers...but AZ Shower Door has more than earned our loyalty. Their Showroom is a must see if you are planning a Bathroom Remodeling project.JesseBathroom Transformations
1	I orders three sets of bathtub sliders and one shower door which totaled over $2k. through LOWES in Las Vegas- first there was a problem with the delivery. (I do not think that had anything to do with Arizona Shower Doors though). then the doors arrived, a few days later I began installation only to discover the tracks for the sliders had not been shipped with the order, I asked the manager at LOWES to hold them there so I could pick them up. (Four wasted days waiting to delivery that never showed). I picked the tracks up at LOWES. The following morning I began opening the tracks; The first thing I noticed is that where the cut the backside of the sides and the holes they drilling for the screws to mount them where jagged and rough (Unfinished) I discovered this when both of my hands became embedded with aluminum "splinters".  The Second thing I discovered is that they did not send the screws with the door hardware. I noticed this on two of the sliders as well as the swing out door. I contacted LOWES (Again) in person to see if they could do something about this "series of problems". the manager was very considerate but passed me off to someone from the department where I ordered the doors who wasn't going to be in until the following day. (I should expect a call). The call came and John was on the other end; I explained the situation to him aftger explaining it twice already to the LOWES management. He said he would call Arizona shower doors and  let them know.....I believe it was later that day or the following day that I received aa messages from John; He explained that his contact at Arizona Shower Door said to look in the boxes, that they were put in with the doors (What the F##k???).Thats really their response, waste more of my time looking where I already looked????  come on, we are talking about screws, anchors and rubber piece for the handles that couldn't be valued at more than a few dollars. So, Rather than just get my address from John and ship the parts, they want me to waste my time (More Time) requiring me to make another call, or stop in the store AGAIN for something they should have had completed more than a MONTH EARLIER. Customer Service is the new approach most companies have been focusing on in recent years and realizing a significant ROI in doing so. I think its time to just ask LOWES to come get the doors and refund the money or reorder through another supplier. I realize people have "bad days" but someone at Arizona Shower Doors was having several consecutive "bad days" which they were kind enough to share with me,...the customer. I've already lost three days or roughly $1,500.00.  And I am the person who brought one of my homeowners to them for this order of more than 2k. (Total order that day at LOWES was $3,350.00).I still have no idea what the quality of the doors are. I do know the tracks are as bad as anything I have ever received all the years I've been remodeling or flipping homes covering four states. My hands became infected from the slivers of aluminum from the door tracks making it difficult to do certain things.I would drop them as a vendor if I was making those decisions at LOWES. at least for a few months ( A Time out ;=))Update; 12/2/14; Returned everything to LOWES. After several attempts to get the missing parts, I have no more time for this. Arizona Shower Doors & this LOWES location will never receive business from my clients again. (already cost LOWES $8,300.00 in revenue)
