5	Jenna gives the best salon hair. It took me over a year to find a great stylist, but she is a diamond in the rough. Environment is very friendly.
5	I bought a groupon and just had my hair cut and styled by Nikki.  She did an awesome job..I will definately be back!
1	I will start off by saying Nikki cut my hair a few months ago and I got a lot of compliments.  She didn't do the same thing this time though.  We talked about keeping the length and trimming it.  I told her again I was trying to grow the sides out to get my hair all one lenght.  She cut about 4 inches off the back and sides to even out the layers to match the front.  That is not a trim.  Everytime I look in the mirror if I don't actually start crying, I want to.  This will take at least a year and a half to grow back out if not longer.  There is nothing that can be fixed.  So if you want a great layered shorter style its all good.  If you want to keep your hair long, stay away.
1	Went to Nikki and asked for a TRIM and said I was trying to grow out to one length.  She cut 5 inches off my hair and layered it. Beware.
5	I always leave here feeling like a new person. And the bite out of my checkbook isn't bad. Of course, I only know Angelica . . but completely and totally recommend her.
5	Launey cut my hair for the first time a few days ago. His work is so good and he made great suggestions for changes to my short hair style that I really like. I will go back for sure!
5	I've been getting my hair done by Launey for 10+ yrs now so clearly I like his work.  He  primarily cuts and styles my hair.  He also does one of my best friend's hair, a friend of my mom's hair and his sister used to do another GF of mine's hair before she moved.  The best thing I like about him as a stylist is that if you tell him to cut off 1/2 inch that's what he cuts no more no less.  Cutting "too much" has NEVER been an issue with him.  He's really good like that.  He is also the only person in town that I have found that can round brush my hair and it actually stays put.  With other stylists  they don't have that much strength in their wrist so they relay heavily on hair spray which I'm not a big fan of because after a 1 day my hair looks oily.  He's really cool about experimenting with different styles but make sure you know what you want before hand cuz I can guarantee you there is someone waiting after you and he's not going to have tons of time to help you decide. Only negative on him would be getting scheduled.  Usually doesn't have that many openings and you have to wait a week or so.  He will not be able to do you on short notice so don't even bother. Overall I have recommended him to several people.
1	I wouldn't trust or recommend Eunique Rodgers AT ALL!
5	kudos to Heidi @ Launey's - first of all- she truly cares to know what you want when it comes to your hair and how you wish to present yourself- I feel I am like a lot of people I know where our hair helps us feel great about how we present ourselves to the world, yet caring for my hair doesn't often seem to take precedence- and whether it's been weeks or months- Heidi knows exactly how to make my hair look amazing again.   She also cares for my two boys' hair- making sure they always look like adorable young men.
4	Great salon! Heidi does a fantastic job. It has a relaxed friendly atmosphere while providing exceptional services and Great values.
