4	Fresh margaritas made to order, not too sweet- best I've had this side of the Caribbean! Tacos are money as well- fish and shrimp were my favorite. 4 stars because steak tacos were over cooked and guacamole needs more flavor.
3	Chips and salsa ok, great priceMeat sticks ok, great priceMargarita not so great. .99cents thoughFootball games blared in my ears. Was there on a Saturday afternoon. Pretty filled up. Waitress was cool!
3	Ambiance and staff are a huge part of an experience, and for a "foodie," can even make up for the lack of punch in flavor, which is very much the case here. Sol Diablo is a great new little spot #1 because their staff are friendly and attentive, we enjoyed a late Sunday dinner here and were welcomed and greeted by almost every one working. Our waitress was friendly, and quick. The decor is on-point, exactly what you'd expect from a trendy new spot near the college. The food, not so much. We had a decent size group so the manager provided us with complimentary chips and salsa  as we waited for our food. The best menu item was the Chicken Skewers, tender and flavorful, the slaw it laid on was lacking, tasted bland and unfinished. The tacos were similarly disappointing, Chicken was dry, actually made it hard to swallow, and the tortilla completely fell apart after one bite, each of us ended up using forks to eat our tacos. The Carne Asada Burrito was decent, again, just not a lot of flavor, but a good portion. "Mexican" food can be so basic meat, cheese, tortillas, beans, and rice, there really isn't much to it. The fact is you can get it on almost every corner in AZ, and you can get it for dirt cheap, my suggestion, is go to Sol for the atmosphere, not the food. Overall, I'd love to give the spot another chance, as they are still so new, I hope they find a way to step up the food.
3	I honestly really wanted to like this place, but it unfortunately ended up disappointing me.Lets start with the good. This place is seriously nice inside. There's a great patio area and it seems like a really cool place to hang out with your friends. Very clean inside and very friendly staff. I'd be happy to spend a few hours here with some good company.From then it starts to go bad. I was just passing by and decided to try this place. It was such a slow night that they were closing up 3.5 hours earlier than their listed hours (closed around 10:30pm). I got a beef taco to go and price to size it was actually a really good deal. The tortilla was warm and reminded me a little like flat bread. There was high quality lettuce and everything looked great. Then I bit into it. It was way too salty that I couldn't taste anything at all. I think I'll come back in a couple weeks (if they're still open then) and try the food again. It has a lot going for it and other than the salt content would be an awesome place to relax.
4	Came in for the opening weekend, great street tacos; I recommend the tri-tip. Dollar margaritas are a decent size. Very nice interior layout, as well as a back area for beanbag games and beer pong. Casual bar, nice break from Mill.
1	Here we go. Maybe it has been a while for me hanging out in Tempe. But I will start with this... Paper plates? That just doesn't seem right for a Mexican restaurant. Also, I asked the server for a napkin and she brought me a stack of cocktail napkins. And the chips sure seemed like some kind of Doritos to me. The salsa was ok. I asked if they have multiple choices for salsa and nope just one. I ordered the chicken tacos they were ok. But phoenix market has been flooded lately with tacos shops and burger shops and these tacos were nothing to brag about. Service was good . Server was good. Bunch of tv's looked good. Probably wont go back.
3	Went for lunch last week and was very impressed with the service. We tired the guacamole and it was wonderful, full of tomatoes, onions, cilantro and lime juice. I had the tri tip burrito and also tried the green chili pork, while both were good unfortunately the amount of salt was so overpowering I could barely eat them. Hopefully that was just an off day because the place itself is great, love the decor and the servers rocked. I will still try it again and hope the salt level lessens. The other complaint is the amount of time it took to get our bill, I think we waited about 20 minutes. They need to keep in mind a lot of people in the area are on the lunch hour, so be timely is important!
2	Tried to come here for lunch today. Sign advertised 5.95 lunch and I work right across the street, so I thought what the heck... "it can't be that bad." Well we will never know cause they were closed for lunch. No sign, no explanation, just flat out locked doors. Unacceptable.The only reason this place gets two stars is they offer free chips and salsa with check-in. Fun fact, 94% of mexican restaurants already offer free chips and salsa.
4	Really good sports bar. Had a "meeting" here one night and it wasn't too crowded during the week. Service was good and prices were also pretty good. I hear the lunch specials are great so I definitely need to make it back soon.Check it out if you are in the area. One nice thing about this part of Tempe is there is no shortage of good bars.
3	Decent mexican food, everyone in the group i went with enjoyed their meals no complaints. I ordered the chicken tacos on the lunch menu included 3 they were good. went here for lunch and their lunch specials were $5.95 which isn't bad. i'd highly recommend checking it out, its close to ASU, the only Downside chips and salsa are extra not something that is free. Plenty of TV's and outdoor seating to watch the game.
5	I loved this place!  The waitress was so nice and helpful.  The food was amazing.  The best nachos I've ever  had.  The owner came over to see how everything was.  He seemed very excited about the recent changes and was genuinely interested in our feedback.  I wish I lived closer, but will definitely be back the next time I'm in the area.
1	closed! out of business already???
5	Excellent food and great service. So glad this place re-opened!  We came in tonight for their grand opening celebration and loved it!
1	Came in for a beer before the game and it wasn't crazy busy but it had a good amount of customers. It took about 10 minutes for us to get service. We got water after she had passed our table and made eye contact several times. My water glass had definitely been spilled in the transport as it was half full. The waitress came back several minutes later and asked if we needed anything else. I asked for a ML and she said they didn't have Miller Lite but I could get a Coors Light. I was not offered an option of draft or bottle. It then took about another 10 minutes for me to get my beer. She had walked past our table several times. She finally made eye contact with me and realized that she had not brought me my beer. I watched her walk up to the bar and ask for the beer. This made me think that she had not even put in the order. After drinking the beer and going through water, the heat in the bar finally got to me, and I realized it was time to leave. Let me add that I asked for the check and then she disappeared and finally came around a few minutes later after she had delivered food and drinks to other tables. Finally came back with the check and disappeared again. Waited with my payment and then my boyfriend went to go find her and she took my money but needed to get change and disappeared again. Finally came back several minutes later with the change. I get it was game day but there were plenty of waitresses and what seemed like managers walking around.
4	Great staff, prompt service always with a smile and eager to please.  This is our pregame spot for ASU football and basketball games.  I wouldn't recommend the food as it is below average, at best, which accounts for the lack of a fifth star.  Great place to watch games before the game, and their beer is always ice cold.
3	Salsa was very good. $3/each 'tacos' are a complete ripoff. Above average beer selection. Will be back for game day
5	The service, atmosphere and food were all great. Excellent tacos! The crispy fish and pork carnitas were my favorite. My wife ordered the mushroom and veggie tacos and she loved them. Great destination for ASU game day.
5	The food Was excellent! I was amaze how cute this place was when I first cane i:) I just love to discover cute little place like this! 10/10 for their house made margaritas ao many flavor I had Guava and my friend had pear both frozen and on the rock was so yummy!Chopped salad was very good to share with the tacos.My favorite was carne asada and the fish grilled one! Next time I will try the empanadas.. Give it a shot free chips and salsa with check-in and 1$ tacos on tuesday and very good happy hour 3-7 pm.
4	The food was really good, just super expensive for the portion sizes. $3 for a teeny, MAYBE two bite taco. Cool patio. Its a little hidden but its right across the street from ASU stadium.
5	Great service and delicious food...grilled fish tacos are to die for!!! And all you can eat pork tacos for $10 on sundays!! Yummy
1	This was my first time at Sol Diablo for taco Tuesday. Needless to say it'll be my last. After 15 min of sitting at a table in a restaurant with 4 other tables a girl finally greeted our table. We gave her our orders after looking at the little flip page of specials we never received menus. After another 10min I spotted another server who was also behind the bar and I walked up and asked if we could have some waters since we never got anything. Our original server brought them over after mine had a bug in it and no I'm not making this up. I flagged down the 'bartender' who then got the original girl to bring over a new water. Finally after 25min we received our food which was not good but at that point I was so hungry I ate my 3 mini tacos. I asked the server if I could have a napkin which I never received so I walked over to a table and grabbed one for myself. We then asked for our bills which took another 10min to be ran through and brought back. I have been a server for over 6 years and still am part time now and I can honestly say I'm more patient with servers because I understand how hard it can be. However honey if you can't handle 4 tables at 12:30 on a Tuesday in a slow restaurant maybe you should find a different job.
4	Came here with a friend for the first time on Taco Tuesday and was very pleasantly surprised! This business is actually under new ownership and in the process of transitioning their menu. I attempted to order a couple things from the menu, but my waiter told me they were no longer offering those items. Normally, this would be frustrating, but our waiter was extremely accommodating and proactive in getting the closest substitute. He even provided my friend and I with a free drink the restaurant wanted to test out. The tacos, (only $1 on Tuesday!) despite being tiny, were extremely flavorful and filling. I tried 3 different kinds, and each was more delicious than the last! Despite not being a huge tequila fan (but it was too cheap to pass up, and kind of mandatory on Taco Tuesday), I really enjoyed my watermelon margarita! With a great patio, delicious food and drinks, friendly staff, and crazy low prices (3 drinks, 4 tacos, and chips and salsa came out to less than $20...), I will most definitely be back! Can't wait for the grand re-opening festivities!
4	Haven't had the food yet but the ambiance is nice inside! Got the mushroom, crispy fish, and carne asada.
2	Paid $6 for a PBR can. So many bars and so many choices. This is a bad one. Everything is meh and the bar is lifeless. At least you get free chips and salsa for checking in.
5	I had the carne asada tacos they were fantastic!  Not to mention that it's Tuesday and they are only $1!!! The place is very clean and the staff is super friendly!  Eric the bartender is awesome!
4	This is the place for tacos, only $1 during happy hour, $2 other times. We arrived around 6:55 PM. There were only a few patrons in the place. It took the waitress a few minutes to come take or order.  She did not give us a chance to give our food order after she took the drink order, 1 Sangria and  3 waters. It was after 7: 00 by the time she came back with the drinks, too late for Happy Hour prices. Most of the tacos were gluten free. Although the tacos were small, they had ample filling.  Our party of 4 tried 5 - 6 tacos each: Carne Asada, Grilled Fish, Crispy Fish,  Fried Calamari, Chorizo & Potato, and Carnitas.  All were delicious, only the Calamari would not be ordered again.  The 4 states rating is for the food only.
5	We came here for lunch and I'll think we will be back for dinner, the calamari taco and chorizo taco were my favorite.
