4	They have Mustangs!  Though not adverstised on the website - call them and ask - I got the cheapest and best deal in Vegas on a Mustang here - where it was least expected.-  Cheapest -  Great service-  Negotiation not out of the picture-  Transperent terms and conditions-  Unlimited miles in nearby four states - unlike Budget, Savmor etc.-  Reliable
4	Just flew in on Hawaiian and we had 2 shuttle buses pass us by (all very full).  Very busy day for Vegas airport.  Finally boarded the 3rd shuttle bus to McCarran rental Car.  There was Thrifty, Dollar, Budget, and etc.  All the other rental car kiosk had only one person standing in line.  Longest line among all the rental car services available had to be Enterprise.  Must be b/c it has the best deals $$$.  Minus a star for the slow service at the counter, they need to hire more help.  :)Free upgrade with Costco membership!
5	On a recent trip to Vegas, I needed an AWD or 4WD SUV. Although I requested one, they couldn't guarantee one. Upon my arrival, there wasn't any more AWD/4WD for my class. Andre was very helpful and got me an upgrade without additional cost! That is what customer service is all about and you bet I will go back to Enterprise again in the future.
4	A Dodge Avenger, five days and unlimited miles for $145.00 including all taxes.Not a bad deal over all.In Vegas all the rental car companies are off site in a single building about a five minute bus ride from the terminal. Take your hotel shuttle to the airport and then ride the free rental car shuttle to pick up your car.A taxi from the Strip to the Airport or the Rental Car Center will cost you $25.00The differentiators are price, service, car quality and selection.Enterprise scored high in every area except for one.I ALWAYS book the cheapest car I can get get because they ALWAYS want to upgrade you to a higher car class.I booked, the subcompact for $58.00 for five days. By the time they add all the fees, taxes and service charges you have almost tripled the price anyway. What do you expect, It's Vegas and they make their money on the tourist dollar.I upgraded to the Avenger for an additional $7 a day.The only thing that keeps this from being a five star review is the little lackey told me the Avenger was a six cylinder...NOT.It makes a difference when your on The 15 to LA and back.Also, I recommend taking the deal where they gas your vehicle for $2.87 a gallon. Prices at the pump in Vegas are $3.15 a gallon at best.
2	The price of the rental was more than our airline ticket.  This location is where all of the rental cars are held.  It was hard to find and I will not rent from them again.  At least not in Vegas.
5	This is one of the rare times I'll ever rate a rental car agency with five stars, but hands down does this agency deserve its very best.Upon arriving at the Mc Carren Rent a Car Center from the main terminal, I walked up to the Enterprise counter and was greeted kindly by an agent who brought up my info on her system within a few seconds.  She confirmed with me regarding the price, and quickly directed me over to the rental booth in the garage.When I got to the garage, another agent greeted me warmly and went over the contract/price, and it was exactly the way I had booked it online.  I did upgrade to a full-size so yes, the price went up as expected.  They didn't hassle me for insurance as I had mentioned very clearly I would opt out for all options.  She handed me the keys to my Toyota Camry and off I went on with my business.The vehicle (Camry) was comfortable and a perfect vehicle to ride around town.  It was clean and just the way I had expected. Upon returning the vehicle, another friendly agent did the quick inspection and advised me that the charges were exactly the same amount I was quoted in the very beginning.It is so rare to ever come across such great service from a car rental agency, especially when most of them are scams and agents are d-bags.  Needless to say, I was not only super satisfied, but will most definitely choose Enterprise should I ever need a rental in Vegas.  My rating:  A+
2	I have had great customer service experiences with Enterprise in the past, so I chose this car rental place over others at the LAS airport that had the same price.The employees' upselling here really turned me off. When we checked in, the guy at the counter told us we might be uncomfortable with the a/c produced by the intermediate 4-cylinder engine on our drive to LA. He recommended a $20 per day upgrade to a standard car, which would be more than double the $17/day rate for the car we reserved. He made me worry about my decision to stick with the intermediate, but the a/c was fine.Once we went to the lot to get the car, the woman conned me into accepting their insurance. She told me they would not honor the coverage provided by my credit card, which I've never heard before. Then she started asking lots of detailed questions about my personal insurance. (I don't have a car but am covered on my family's insurance, so I'm not very familiar with our coverage but have been told that it covers rentals.) After all her worst-case scaremongering, I signed up for the insurance. Later, my mom confirmed that I didn't need it. The insurance more than doubled the cost of my rental.Finally, the car we received barely made it back. It had some kind of mechanical problem. The only positive customer service we received was when they comped the gas charges because we explained that we were scared that if we stopped for gas, it wouldn't start up again.
1	Watch out the lady outside to greet you when you get your car is a salesperson ...without you knowing ,they will charge you "Basic Protection " without informing you the cost (30 bucks a day )...not cool especially when your in a rush ....keep asking question ... If there is a name for it... It it will cost you something ...
5	My boyfriend and I have rented from this Enterprise 2x during his business trips. I'd definitely say that they have really good customer service & really take care of you.One of the managers waived my boyfriend's young driver's fee for us. She told us that she thinks it's ridiculous that there's a young driver's fee but no old driver's fee. hahahaha! But she definitely knows how to maintain her clients! I'm sure that every time we're out here in Vegas for business, we will definitely come back here.
2	I had a reservation for a compact car for 4 days. At the upstairs counter I declined to upgrade to a larger car for $5 per day. According to the Enterprise website, a compact car is a Nissan Versa, a Toyota Yaris, or similar. Anything similar to those two cars would have suited our needs perfectly. When we arrived at the cars in the parking garage, I was told we would be in a Fiat 500. While I am sure the Fiat would have been fun to drive, it was much too small for our needs. Looking at the technical specifications for the Fiat, it can in no way be compared to a Versa or Yaris. It can't even be compared to a Chevy Aveo, which is in the economy class.After seeing the Fiat, I told the representative that I would like to pay the $5 per day upgrade fee after all. At that point she told me that there was no $5 upgrade fee, apparently that is just a generic number the upstairs reps throw out to try and get you interested in the larger cars. My companion and I repeated that we had been told $5 per day and requested a supervisor. After being left in the garage for about 15 minutes the rep came back and said that the rate had been approved by a manager and shortly after that we were on our way in a Chevy Malibu (which was actually two classes higher).So, while I appreciated the fact that they eventually accommodated us, I was extremely upset that they tried to put us in a car with 5+ less cubic feet of cargo space than anything else in the compact class, and then initially refused to honor the upgrade rate quoted upstairs.
4	Fine.  Everything went as expected, which is what you want.  The only downside was the three times I was asked if the service was good.  Seems a little odd.  Not a big deal.
2	Rented a car for 5days and end up with a hyundai accent car (super lame) the car smelt like smoke and the plug for the iPod wasn't working. It sucked too cause the car was manually rolled up windows and lock the door your self. Since I was 21 years old I was charge $75 more for the underage fee plus I got the insurance which was $20 a day so there goes $100 added to my total which came out to be $500 (not worth it cause the car was shitty). I guess renting a car under 25 years old is ridiculously expensive. Not so bad if you have five friends splitting the bill but it was just me and one person. Next time i visit vegas I'll prolly just be catching the cab every where. One star for good service and the other star I guess for being fair, can't blame the price being so high cause I am underage.
1	This past time that I rented, I was very disappointed.  Not only did enterprise try to charge me all kinds of extras but they also fell short when it came to the maintenance of the vehicle that they put me in. The first car, yes FIRST, that they put me into wasn't anything special...not until we drove around in it for about 10 minutes. About ten minutes after we got the car off the light, the maintenance light went on. Then, the check engine light went on. OH LORD!! I was NOT pleased about this at all. I had to make it to the Convention Center, however, to drop off a business partner. So, I took care of that and on the way there, I had my partner call Enterprise and complain and to tell them that we were bringing the car back and wanted these extra charges removed and that we wanted to exchange this car for something else. They were not real excited about that. I hope that they didn't just have someone turn that light off and let it stay the way that it was, in need of maintenance. I would hate to think that they take shortcuts like that. Anyway, after taking my partner to the convention center, I took the car back. With this whole policy that Enterprise agents don't have to ask managers for approval for things, I don't think that they had to know about customers being up-charged as well. That isn't a practice that I like. The system of checks and balances is in place for a reason, not just a good idea. It's a must. UGH!! Anyway, I had the extra charges removed. I had the car exchanged. I even managed to get 25% off my rental. This was just MORE work than it was worth. WTH. At least there was that. Sheesh, and I am a plus member. WTH is the PLUS membership worth if you're not well taken care of ever time. I'm so pissed!And get this, the girl who attempted to help me in the garage told me something like, oh we probably just serviced that vehicle but it just hadn't had the alert lights shut off. Oh really?!? How is that when you were the one who issued the vehicle to me at 6AM. That's how I know you were lying. That's how I know that it didn't just come back from being serviced. I've had it since 6AM you fool. Don't lie. It's not cute and it definitely doesn't make me trust you more.
5	Good customer service and good selection
5	I've been a fairly loyal Enterprise customer (especially when we go to Vegas) for years now.  Occasionally I will stumble across a "special deal" from another rental company, try them out, and after thorough disappointment will always return to Enterprise.  The service is always quick, friendly, and never pushy.  The cars are usually better than what I'm expecting.Recently I reserved a car through Enterprise, expecting to arrive in Vegas by 4 PM, but our flight was delayed over 7 hours.  We got into McCarran very late and were in no mood for a hassle.  Unfortunately, the computer system at Enterprise was down at the time (almost midnight on a Saturday night), which didn't help our mood but everyone was very understanding...long story short, we got an upgrade and the rental ended up being free.  Enterprise made a potentially disastrous vacation into a totally rewarding trip.
4	Flew into Vegas for the weekend and needed a rental car.  I reserved one via Expedia and Enterprise was the best deal, so I went with them.  I reserved a compact, which was supposed to be a Corolla or something like that....instead, they gave me a free upgrade to a Camry, awesome.  For that, they get 4 Stars.Return Factor - 81%
5	Amazing customer service and prices - I was so pleasantly surprised and everyone that worked there was awesome. I was standing in line at Dollar and tried Enterprise - i was on my way in minutes!
1	I has been to Enterprise Jamboree in Newport Beach for car renting every week for 6 months. I knew almost every clerk over there. They run the best business I can ever imagine. 5 star recommend for Enterprise Jamboree to everyone who visit Orange County.  I rented a car there as usual last weekend and drove to LasVegas to celebrate Chinese New Year. When I left Vegas 55 miles to my home, the car was broken down and I was tolled back to Veags after 3 and half hours.I was 100% satisfied with toll service and the lady in the phone call was very nice and helpful. But when I was tolled back to Las Vegas Enterprise Airport, my nightmare began. I arrived there at 5pm, I hadn't eaten or drink for 8 hours. I was extremely exhausted and I felt weak, cold and sick. But the clerk in Las Vegas Airport whose name is Michael S**** refused to provide any help. He said I only had two options: close the contract or exchange for a new car. He said I should contact Enterprise Jamboree where I rented the car. He refused to help me contact with them saying that he couldn't find the number while the number is in my contract. When I talked to Enterprise Jamboree, the clerk there tried his best to help me out and offered to pay the hotel and bus/taxi fee. I am very grateful for his help. When I talked to Micheal S***, I clearly said that I couldn't drive safely based on my health situation and I hoped someone can help me to book a hotel room. I asked for several times. But he refused all of them. His literal words include: "We don't provide services like that", "I am not a doctor" and "We don't owe you anything". I was helpless in there because I was not in good shape. My friends or families are several hundred miles away. I thought about calling 911 for help but I were reluctant to abuse public resources since I was not injured after all. I was basically sitting in the Enterprise office weeping for 2 hours. No one in that office approached to help except an African American lady. But the lady  was interrupted by her colleague whose name is Eulalia Z**** so she had to leave.  After 2 hours, I gained a little strength and called Enterprise 800 for help. At the time, Michael S***** had left the office. The lady in the phone was very helpful and she asked the clerks who still stayed in the office to book a hotel and send me over there. My problem was resolved in 5 minutes. These two clerks who helped to book a hotel are two young ladies. They were very helpful and I appreciate that very much. The next morning, I had to go back to that office to pick up a new car. But even worse things happened there. Michael S***** accused me YELLED and SCREAMED the last night and he said TEN clerks in that office confirmed what he said in a meeting this morning. I was so angry that I tried to confront with some clerks I met the last night. But Michael S***** ordered them not to talk to me. Then he said he would call police or securities to throw me out. After I responded with "please do that", he just walked away. Then according to what Enterprise 800 suggested to do last night, I called enterprise 800 to file a complaint in the office. I talked with a representative in English for 20 minutes. Then the lady over the phone asked me if I need a translator. I said yes. I waited 10 minutes before the translator was found. When I started to speak Chinese, the clerks in Enterprise Las Vegas might think I ended my call with enterprise and I was talking to my families or friends. They started to interrupt my call for 3-4 times. I asked them to stop since I am in the phone. But one clerk started to grab the contract paper work in my hand. He tried it several times and at last he touched my possession to grab the paper work which is half inside my purse. I was terrified and felt threatened at that time. At that time, there were only me and 3 male clerks in the office including Micheal S****. I shouted for help to the lady and translator over the phone. But I think they didn't understand what was really going on because I was so horrified and I couldn't even believe what just happened. I still tried my best to complete the complaint file through the phone call in several minutes, get a new car from them and leave the office safely. All what I said can be testified by the phone call record saved in Enterprise 800. They treated me very rudely at first. And when I started to speak Chinese, their actions were far beyond being rude. I hope this can be taken seriously. And I hope what happened to me would not happen to anyone else anymore.
5	I had one of the most smooth rental car experiences in this Enterprise location. I was greeted at the front counter, the reservation was retrieved quickly. The front desk person was polite and professional, after I briefly explained that I won't be needing the collision damage or liability coverage. I was quickly sent to the lot office where I was greeted quickly and politely by another staff who shared that within a minute another staff would be taking me to my rental. The other staff arrived on time, the vehicle I chose ( which I did because of the price) was not available and instead I was provided with a choice of vehicles which were all an upgrade. The staff allow me to choose from the class of vehicles available which I did to my preference. I must commend the Enterprise staff for being energetic, polite and professional. I felt well attended, not pressured and respected. I was in and out in 15 minutes which is great as I had people expecting me somewhere else.  The vehicle was clean and well equipped. The return experience was equally pleasant,  the bill was as quoted, I was greeted with energy and charms, and again I was out within 5-10 minutes.
4	Came to Vegas for another bach party and debated between really cheap vs reputation. Reviewed other car rentals on here and just stayed on the safe side and chose Enterprise, happy w/ my decision. Wasn't expensive and customer service was great, no long lines like the cheap car rentals and it was in n out getting the car and returning the car. Also got a free upgrade and extending the use of the car over the phone was an ease as well.
1	Time is convenient, however the representative who served me did not clearly explain all the details to me and I have to pay an additional amount. There are plenty of options in that car rental center and I will choose a different one next time if I need to rent a car!!
2	This review is for Nancy a employee who works for Enterprise at this location, I called to cancel a reservation and make a new one, she really acted like I was interrupting her from something, she did not have any patient ,I said excuse me what did you say your name was cause I knew where this was going ,people  in customs service that talk to people over the phone generally think they don't have to be nice cause we can't see them,be nice cause I know somebody you all the times.
5	I was going on a long trip and decided to rent a car rather than use my own. We originally had a reservation for Budget, and after waiting in line for forever and getting an agent who had to defer to their supervisor for everything, were told that the cars were not allowed to be taken to the state we were trying to drive to (Oregon).Enterprise had no line, and I spoke to Jeff who was extremely friendly and attentive. He was able to get me a good deal, worked quickly (which was amazing as I was pressed for time), and was knowledgable about his product and the services. We were walked out and actually given our choice of a vehicle instead of the "Here's the car you get" deal, and were able to really check them out before deciding on a Kia Soul.We returned the car late at night and I had forgotten my glasses in the center console, but didn't realize it 'til the next day. I called in, spoke to Patrick, and he was able to locate my glasses, leave a message as requested since I was at work, and left them in a safe with my name, and a note that someone else would be coming to pick them up. Excellent customer service with all the folks I interacted with, speedy processes-- absolutely no complaints. Thanks, Jeff and Patrick. If I ever need to rent again, I'll definitely go with Enterprise.
5	Great experience all around! Our plane was almost two hours late arriving,so we got in at around midnight. We received excellent service from everyone at Enterprise, the check-in, the employee in the garage when we received the car, and the return. Super easy, very professional, we will definitely use enterprise again! Thanks
3	I was going to rent a car there for a day , because we were taking a drive to Red Rock canyon.  but they said i had to takeand pay for  a grayline bus to the airport and get picked up by their rental car bus.  their ads on tv say they will pick you up.  anyways I canceled my reservation and rented from Hertz.    I usually rent from Enterprise, but not this time.
1	Loads of extra charges they don't tell you about until later! Garmin nav system is not up to date. Pricier than other car rentals.
4	Henry really took care of me today. Speedy checkin, pleasant service, free upgrade.Enterprise isn't always the cheapest, but when you factor in speed and quality, it's a winner.
1	Had to wait over 20 minutes in the garage. The wait was so long that the attendant was taking pictures of how many people's paperwork on the board. Get more staff!!!!
5	Thank you for making it easy for my Daughter car rental from you guys so easy ...
1	Enterprise had a clean car available to us with 3/4 a tank of gas available. The attendants were friendly, but my list of complaints and unhappiness far out way friendliness. Our car was totaled to about 436.00 on our online 5 day rental plan. The sales people pushed insurance on us so we got the most basic plan. The total went up immediately of course and we prepaid for a full tank of gas. She have us a total of about $536.00 which we assumed included taxes, the insurance, and gas. Our price kept steadily increasing. She has us the bill, and we drove right out of there. Coming back we saw that our plane left 2 hours later. We asked if we could bring the car back an hour later for drop off time. They proceeded to inform us that if we extended our use another hour then we would have to pay 1/2 the rental fee for the day... Which is insane. We originally scheduled a 7 pm drop off and wanted an 8 pm drop off. We already paid for that day as far as I'm concerned. Then we dropped the car off and were tacked with a different total then originally. The guy wouldn't answer our questions concerning the bill and our total ended up. Being $700+. He also began questioning us as to why the gas tank wasn't filled which we informed him we prepaid. Obviously he knows to charge us all these extra charges, but doesn't look at the information about our benefits? It amazes me that a 436 total can jump to a 700 without our knowledge or they could have at least informed us that this was going to be our total the first day we rented it. Then there wouldn't have been a 300 dollar surprise when we were trying to come home. I feel that there's many hidden fees and instead of working with you the company tries to force you into more. I won't rent frThem again.
1	I was picking up a rental after my car went in for the service. The dealership had talked to the manager and everything was supposed to be ready when I get there. However, it took me almost an hour to get my car. When I got to this place, the manager "Ricardo" was "test" driving the new Tesla around the parking garage, took me almost 20 minutes to get him. He did not have any idea on what he was doing and we had to get the dealership on phone twice to make sure that he was charging them correctly. After another 20 minutes of solving the issue of payment, it took them another 20 minutes to get me a car. Their prices are ridiculous as well, so I would prefer to rent from Avis or Fox.
1	It took us longer to get a car than fly. Awesome!
5	I have used Enterprise for many years.   I am generally pretty pleased with the service at most of their locations.   But, I have to say that the service I received at the Las Vegas airport location was completely top notch.I arrived around noon on a Thursday a couple of weeks back.    I received immediate service at their counter, which was staffed with 2 people.    The person working at the counter was very friendly, and I was thankful that they did NOT waste my time trying to pressure me into buying insurance that I didn't need or want, but rather as soon as I verbally declined the insurance once they quickly got me on my way --- it seemed like the entire process from me arriving at the counter to me leaving took less than 2 minutes! ....that is greatly appreciated.From there I went upstairs to the garage where a very friendly representative greeted me, walked me out to the cars, asked me to choose which one I'd like, and then she went around the car with a tablet denoting any dings on the car right on the spot so that I didn't have to do it myself.    She was also very fast and efficient. Just a fantastic experience all the way around.
5	I have tried hertz, Avis and Priceline, but their prices are pretty competitive and customer service is just outstanding. They treat customers like God. Went in today to pick up an mid-size SUV. Due to high demand, none of the kind that I wanted were available. The staff and management were so kind that in order to avoid any inconvenience(since I was renting the car for a month) and as incentive for me being in the armed forces, they upgrades me to luxury Infiniti SUV for no extra charge. No I can have a more relaxing relaxing road trip to California. Keep it up guys and keep us coming.. :)
5	Mccaran Airport  Las Vegas customer service was amazing...  we rented a van for 2 days and exchanged for a compact they were so nice and accommodating when I had to extend another couple days.  I definitely recommend Enterprise!
5	We recently flew into Vegas on the way to the N. rim of the Grand Canyon. We had a mid sized car reserved and upon arrival we had a choice between 2 nearly brand new cars that met our requirement for relatively good gas mileage. We had no wait in the check out nor in the return and everyone that waited on us was professional and accommodating. I couldn't help but notice that all the other rental car companies had lines, both in and out. The price was right, the service was great , the car was what we needed and no lines, what more can you ask for.
4	professional, line not too long, the car was clean and comfortable. Not wild about the new trend of shaking hands and being your best bud.No issues, which is what you want the experience to be. I usually rent from Enterprise.
5	My first priority and travel either work or leisure is with Enterprise.. Las Vegas Station is so cordial and considerate way far professional then above the other rentals ... always always go first with ENTERPRISE!  MAHALO!!!
1	Low fluids..... Really? #fail #enterpriserental Couldn't fill up the wiper fluid  before u gave the car to me? I was looking at the display that read "low wiper fluids" for 7 days! Other than that,  when I get some sort of concession I will give you 5 stars.
4	Most of the time enterprise is great to deal with.  They have always tried for great customer service and the Las Vegas location is no exception.  I have always been treated kindly, courtiosly, and promptly at enterprise.
1	I'm an Enterprise Plus member...and typically I love renting from them. However this experience was much less than good.I rented from the Las Vegas airport location. The counter staff downstairs was exceptional!  Thank You.It was when I went upstairs, the treatment was not good. The person placing me into a vehicle was rude and short with my [simple] questions. And acted miffed that she needed to assist me...crazy...it wasn't even busy.She then put me in a car that has been smoked heavily in, and also had a very sharp, distinct odor of pot. Everyone who rode in the car inquired about it! Not a teetotaler here, but wow Enterprise...embarrassing. The individual checking the car out was unapproachable, but when I called it to the attention of the final check-out guard...he just was nonchalant and offered a simple discount, then noted it.I guess that's ok? But no offer for a different vehicle...and don't they charge you like $300 if you smoke in the car? Maybe the fine should be given to Enterprise when they pass the car off to you!?Overall, it was embarrassing and annoying. And the customer service of the vehicle placement person was unacceptable. Don't typically, but gonna begin researching my car rental options.  For those that brave Enterprise, don't get pulled over...the smell of pot might get you a nice, convenient vehicle search!
1	The shuttle from the airport to the rental car place is nice, but after that it kinda went down hill...There was only 2 people serving customers at the counter, and it took over half an hour to get through 3 people... Thankfully I had made my reservation online and i was done at the counter in a couple of minutes. Went up to the parking garage to wait around for another 15mins until an staff member could take me to my car. We did the whole walk around thing and then he told me I needed to buy insurance, and I needed to sign for the additional charges...I am a novice car renter and at the time I was unaware that it is possible to decline this, especially as the staff member stated that it was a necessity and implied it was mandatory. I was only expecting this rental to cost about $500 instead it was over $800... This really put a spoiler on my trip and really pissed me off, that is some shady business practices Enterprise...
5	The line to check in was shorter than all the other companies. The wait for the car was minimal. Car was in perfect condition, and the attendant was nice. Returning the car was very fast and easy. Will you wait in line a little bit, yes. Will the parking garage be crazy hot, yes. But renting a car is always a kind of hassle, and if the requirement for 5 stars is "as good as it gets," then this enterprise deserves 5 stars for doing the best they can within an industry that isn't exactly fun to begin with.
5	Made a yahoo reservation in advance. Price was $20 more compared to the other vendors. Line was definitely shorter than the rest.
5	I had a great customer service experience.  Very friendly and very fast agents.  Upon departure, the agent started my car first thing so my car would be cool.Then check-out and the return processes were both easy.I highly recommend this Enterprise location.
4	Enterprise almost never fails to get me a clean vehicle in good working order. The service is cheerful, helpful, and occasionally funny. I used to be a dedicated Avis customer, but pricing and service quality have me renting more and more often from Enterprise.I did have one small issue with the vehicle I just rented in Las Vegas. The windshield washer nozzle on the driver's side did not work. It wasn't a major issue, but could have been a hassle under different circumstances. I don't expect rental agencies to check the working order of every single function on a vehicle before it goes back out to a customer, so I look at this as a small inconvenience.Overall, I'd definitely recommend Enterprise and this location.
5	Enterprise locations usually have above average customer service compared to most rental places, and usually for a reasonable price. I reserved a mid size car through Priceline. My flights in and out were both late night, so my experiences were during the late shift, between ten pm and midnight. I cannot speak about other times at this location, and it's certainly possible that my experience was based on low traffic. However, every aspect of the customer service experience was excellent. There was barely any wait at the counter. The clerk was friendly and gave me tips on how to avoid credit card surcharges (I'm not sure whether he was accurate, but points for caring.). The deposit policy was very reasonable; unlike many locations which hold hundreds of dollars, they only held an extra day's charge, less than $50. He wasn't pushy about upsells at all, which is a big plus. The garage crew really did a good job. Again, minimal wait, and the wait was because they were giving another customer a detailed overview of his car. If you are nice and friendly, Enterprise garage staff sometimes have the discretion to offer upgrades, and they upgraded me to a "full size" (Altima) for free. Checking in was just as quick, and since I happened to get the same guy on the return, he recognized me and it saved a step. Just keep in mind that the rental center is nowhere near the airport terminal, so you have to plan an extra 15 minutes on each end for the shuttle bus. The bus ran often and smoothly so there wasn't an issue, but you do have to plan for it.
2	Don't take your keys with you.  From the company that advertises - We'll pick you up, i found them to be less than accommodating.  After being in Vegas for a week, and having one of these new cars that is "keyless", when i returned the car, I mistakenly had my keys in my pocket.  Did anyone ask me to give them the keys when I returned the car?  No, they just let me walk away, go to the shuttle bus, and get all the way to my gate.  THEN, i get the call about having taken the car keys.  Admittedly, this was my mistake, but Sasha, the manager told me that if I didn't make sure to get the keys back to them that day, i was going to be charged for replacement keys.  Could I mail them to them?  NO!  Could they come get them at the airport?  NO!  It was fortunate that my flight was delayed and I could leave the airport, but I imagine I'm not the first nor the last person this has happened to.  I almost exclusively rent from Enterprise... now I'll pick anyone else but! You'd think that since they run back and forth to the airport that you could just hand the keys to someone at the airport like a lost and found to get them their keys back.  The only lucky thing besides having to go on the shuttle back to the rental car place in Vegas, which is a haul, was that i was able to go downstairs to the curb, hand the keys to one of the shuttle drivers and pray that he gave them to Enterprise!  I can only imagine if I was unable to get in and out of security to make my flight how much it would have been for replacement keys.  And you KNOW that they have another set, but just another way to make money off the customer I guess. So, lesson learned by me... If possible, I'll never rent a keyless car again, unless that's the norm, and secondly, I'll make sure that i check myself for keys on my person.
2	The car and upkeep was great. Their new prices and the fact the keys are wound so close together made the car shut off when it got bond against the steering wheel on a turn. I told the kid who I returned the key to but he was more interested in getting me a receipt and repeating the monologue. I don't know if it's new policy but if you use your own insurance they told me you would not only be liable for the deductable but the car would remain rented to you while it was being repaired. Kind of a scare tactic to invest in their insurance program. I have used the plus program here for years but I may give the Fox folks a shot if they are more hungry than the enterprise folks.
5	Shanice helped us out right away when we didn't feel like waiting 2 hours for Dollar Rent A Car (who was horribly understaffed). We were so happy with our experience at enterprise.  Everything was so clean, modern, and efficient from their counter to their staff. Very happy and glad to pay a few dollars more for service
5	Had a very good experience with Enterprise. I picked up in San Francisco and dropped off at Las Vegas airport. The rate was very economical. Will definately be renting more from Enterprise.
4	Enterprise came through and with flying colors. My check-in process and accessability to my vehicle was pretty much seemless. No lines and no waiting for a long time.The staff was courteous and made my late night experience with a 9 year nice.I just wished they had a better selection of mid-size cars at the Las Vegas location the night I arrived. :-)Ms. G.
5	This place has been good to me, good deals, reliable and clean vehicles, awesome customer service folks. Thanks a lot :)
5	This is the Enterprise at the Las Vegas Airport.  They are AWESOME!!!  We've done a lot of traveling this year and our biggest issue has been the rental cars and service related to them.  Every aspect of our experience with Enterprise was easy and efficient.  We rented the car online, we got to the airport and they quickly checked us in and got us into the exact car we requested, we returned the car (also speedy and efficient) and were charged exactly what they quoted us online.  Everyone was friendly and helpful.  Overall, 10 stars!  We'll DEFINITELY be renting from this location again.  They were all fantastic!!
5	Enterprise rent-a-car in las vegas is one of the best car rental companies in my opinion.  No hidden costs or strange charges on my bill.  Service was very professional and fast.  Everything was explained to me and I really felt like I was getting top level service.  Enterprise might not be the cheapest car rental company in las vegas, but if it's a matter of a few extra dollars a day, I would go with Enterprise for the hassle free customer service.  Of course, all their vehicles are relatively new and clean.  I could not have been happier with how pain free the experience was.  I never once felt that they were trying to sneak a charge by me or pad my bill in any manner whatsoever.
5	We rented from this location 3 times in the last month for our business and each time the service and the staff have been exceptional. We used to rent from one of their competitors who we thought gave us good service but Enterprise has them beat by a mile.
5	The staff at Enterprise Vegas is flawless. No lines. Enhanced checkin techniques that speed up the experience. Friendly employees.  Clean cars. They have perfected the checkin process   No time wasted and no high pressure sales. Great job Enterprise!
5	Excellent, speedy service (used the kiosk machine to "check in"). Then received great, friendly service from everyone upon car pickup. New minivan was great too. Only question was, why would they put two identical keys on ONE keychain, which you can't unclip? Makes carrying the key(s) kinda' bulky. Check in was quick too. Will rent from them again!
4	Their employees were helpful and courteous. We quick with my reservation and helpful. The young lady that took my car back in even gave me a break since I'd not returned the car with as much gas as I was supposed to have. Allowing them to make their own decision on such matters means a lot. Will use them again when I return. Plus found out they have motorcycles to lease as well with competitive rates! Who would have known?! WOW. Great job people!
5	After dealing with 4 other companies over the past few months, Enterprise was by far the BEST at the airport. It was a fast and easy check in and check out and the car was clean. An agent actually walks with you to the car to help you look for dents and help with questions! I didn't get that from any other company. Customer service was outstanding. I plan to never rent from anyone but Enterprise from here on out if the service continues this way.
2	I'm an Enterprise e-plus platinum member and have rented from this location maybe 5 times. The good part is that you usually get a good choice of cars instead of just being handed a key and being restricted to one specific car.On the other hand, most recently I was rented a car in which the tire pressures were apparently all low (3 at 27 psi and one at 25) on a Maxima which was low enough to set off the tire pressure warning light after about 4 miles of driving. I know these cars are churned through customers with little more than a quick wash with a mop/bucket and a vacuum between rentals, but for me to have to stop at a gas station, put quarters in an air machine, and maintain Enterprise's car is bullshit.And give me a break, a Maxima with cloth seats is really more of a full-size class like the old bodystyle Impala is considered currently, not a Premium as I had reserved and paid for. I was also offered a base model Mustang coupe, which once again, isn't a Premium class car, and sure as heck wasn't going to work with the amount of luggage we had.I'll rent here again, but it's only because Enterprise has my employer by the balls with cheap corporate rates.
1	Terrible follow up.  By mistake I left my camera in the driver door pocket of the car when I turned it in.  I realized this during my flight and called this Enterprise location immediately upon landing.  The response:  "We are not staffed sufficiently to check the car for your camera".  Someone at Enterprise now has a new camera - mine.
5	Enterprise employees are always nice and friendly. I do not rent from anyone else.
4	Picking up the car using the kiosk was great.  Staff was quick, friendly and efficient.  Drop off was  little slower, but still friendly and efficient.
1	Update: apparently an employee screwed up and charged me for 4 days instead of 1 day. Should be resolved soon. I still did not like the vibe or selection of cars. I will use hertz instead where I always have great service and no issues.Horrible. I rented a jaguar xjl  from airport exotics location in Vegas and just looked at my credit card statement which said $1,213 for one day rental when the actual price I agreed to was $304.  Sorry guys the car would never rent for that much. It is not that nice. I have the receipt and will be disputing this with credit card company. Unacceptable practices enterprise
5	I rented through Enterprise like I do most of the time and picked the car up in Las Vegas Airport.  The customer service staff were very helpful.  Everything was as expected.  Extreme friendly and fast.  Kept the vehicle for 8 day's.  My CSR was going to upgade us to a bigger SUV for free but I decided that I really didn't need anything bigger since there was only 2 of us.  Certainly would rent again from Enterprise at this location.
5	I debated giving them an amazing review because I wanted to keep it to myself, but ..  Having originally reserved a Fox car, I double checked yelp and saw the horrible reviews, I checked availability at Enterprise. I have sporadically used them in the past, and when I checked my Egencia site, their prices were very reasonable and not much higher than Fox. So I reserved the car about 2 hours before I was slated to arrive. They had a convertible available at only $10 more than the Fox advertised price (which after reading the reviews wasn't always the actual price). I was here because my father was having heart surgery and I didn't want to hassle and deal with customer service issues. I arrived at the counter, which had 1 person ahead of me, on a Saturday where as other agencies had long lines. The guy was helpful and friendly, called up to the garage to let them know I ended up needing a GPS which I didn't originally reserve. I went up to the garage, and only one other person was ahead of me. I waited about 3 mins for my car, which the agent went over with me ( how to lower and raise the top). They went over insurance, which I declined and they didn't haggle me for. Then off I went. Return was just as easy and simple and pleasant an experience.I will have to come back in a few weeks for more surgery for my dad, but will absolutely use Enterprise.
5	This was HANDS DOWN the best service I have ever received from a rental car service in my life. The staff really made this an incredible experience for me, everyone was smiling, happy, friendly, helpful and personable. Kudos to the recruiting manager or team, you have hired a stellar team of people. From pickup to return, Everyone was helpful, and communicated everything clearly. I will never rent from another rental car company again. Thank you guys!
5	Outstanding customer service by Jason on the second floor and Dante or Deante (light skinned young man). The blonde hair lady on the first floor was also excellent. I received a Ford Fusion from you guys and called the insurance company who was paying for my vehicle and told them I need a bigger car so I returned to Enterprise and received a full sized vehicle. Jason went and grabbed my mother and I the best vehicle in that class of vehicles and pulled it up right in front of us. I was very impressed. You guys were all great! I highly recommend Enterprise Rent a Car. Hurtz employees get commission and treat you like shit if you aren't interested. Here's a tip Hurtz - Give great customer service and people will give you their buisness. Thanks Enterprise Rent A Ca
4	They were very nice and helpful when I was having a tough situation. Got me in and out and made a tough situation easier
5	I travel on business quite a bit. The Las Vegas branch of Enterprise is great. I arrived, the check in was quick which it almost never is anywhere else due to a lack of urgency married with incessant up selling. The guys at the car pickup and return were polite, professional and courteous. Awesome.
5	Great service - friendly and professional staff when picking up and returning the car. I appreciate the self serve kiosk to check in when you arrive to save time.The car was clean and in great condition, and the price was very competitive.
5	As others have said, it is a quick ride from the airport to the rental car center.The Enterprise desk only had a couple of customers, and I had my contract in hand in a few minutes.  No upselling on the insurance or options.  Up the stairs to the garage and was met by one of their reps who took me up to the available cars.  I chose one and she documented any issues on her tablet and had me sign.  Flash the license to the exit agent and I am on my way.The return was just as painless, as they did a quick check of the compartments to make sure that I didn't leave anything behind. (Sunglasses!!!)  They looked around the car to make sure that there was no damage, printed the receipt and I was headed the shuttle bus to get to the airport.I won't take any stars away because I did not have a problem with it, but I do the like the program at Avis where you bypass the counter, load your luggage, and head to the exit.  Again it was not an issue, but just something that I got used to when I travel on business.
4	Great experience from pick up to drop off. Staff was very friendly & helpful. The OnNLY thing that doesn't make sense is after leaving the rental counter, you have to go to the rental car garage to give another staffer your name and then wait for another staffer to take you to the car.  That middle stop seems like a waste. Cool peeps but not needed.  Oh yeah, the car smelled great! Idk what scent the car wash crew used but .
4	good experience and will definitely use them again soon!
5	My son and I were taking a week long road trip to Minneapolis from Las Vegas.  We reserved  a comfortable car (Chrysler 300) from another agency, but when we showed up they did not have the car.  The rental pavilion at Las Vegas has all the companies in one building, so it was relatively easy to go to each counter, trying to find a similar car.  After visiting 6 or 7 counters we ended up at Enterprise.  We were originally told by an Enterprise female agent that they don't guarantee any particular kind of car. This, of course, was the same message we just heard 6 times at the other counters. Nick, another counter agent, heard the comment and intervened.  He went the extra step to find out when a Chrysler 300 would be coming back.  While he was on the phone, someone was returning that car.  He was extra nice and accommodating. We then went to the pick up area and they were cleaning the car and Thomas Finneran took special care to make sure that we were satisfied.  Very special service and next time we rent at Las Vegas, Enterprise will be the first counter we go to.
1	AUTO INSURANCE COVERAGE.  Watch out for Enterprise. Car RentalOne thing you have to watch out is the auto insurance.  They are $16 to $20 a day.  Even if you told them you don't want it, they still circle it in the contract for you to sign.  Or, they don't circle anyplace and let you look at the fine print and hope that you would cycle the place where it says you want to buy insurance.Enterprise is very bad on this.  They push very hard and con you to take the insurance. Watch Out for Enterprise.We rented a car for 10 days.  We told the agent that we didn't want any coverage, including collision.  Usually they would cycle the box for us to initial.  Now Enterprise Car  may not do it.  They let us look at the fine print and cycle yourselves.  I cycled the wrong box.  Thy agent knew that we did not want any coverage,but still entered it in the computer system.  It is unethical.  Enterprise push very hard on it because it is a money maker and I think the agent who sell them get a commission.
