2	Papa Murphy's is a pizza place with a unique concept.  They sell you an uncooked pizza that's assembled right before your eyes.  You then take it home and bake it according to the given directions.   We went there one evening and got a pizza with Canadian bacon.Papa Murphy's also sells raw chocolate chip cookie dough.  Again, it comes with directions.  Soda comes in 20 oz. bottles and only Pepsi products.  Hint:  If you like Coke products, just go next door and get your soda at the Subway Sandwich shop!The pizza directions are pretty straightforward.  However, we found it strange that the instructions said to puncture any bubbles that appear while the pizza is baking.  A pizza crust without bubbles?  How strange!  Needless to say, we ignored that instruction!The chocolate chip cookie dough also comes with straightforward instructions.So...how did this all turn out?  The pizza was unremarkable---no better than a store bought fresh pizza---and that was disappointing.  Somehow, with such a unique concept, we were expecting better.  As far as the cookies go---what was odd was that they gave off no smell when baking.  When you make homemade cookies, they tend to give off a tempting aroma that has you waiting impatiently for them to be done.  So...the cookies were ok.  However, we've had better.If you do get one of their pizzas, get it knowing that it won't be any better than what you would get at the supermarket.  However, the one advantage that Papa Murphy's has that the supermarket doesn't---you can customize  your toppings.Otherwise, the staff was friendly and efficient.  When making our pizza, they made it incorrectly but quickly spotted their mistake and made us the pizza we ordered.
4	This is my favorite chain pizza joint.  The chicken bacon pizza is the best.  Go there on Thursday's, because that's when they run the specials.  I think it's better than frozen grocery store pizza... so, there!
3	Papa Murphy's is a take and bake pizza place.  We like the fact that you can pick what you want on your pizza and they don't own a freezer so everything is fresh.  The taste and quality is just okay.  Today we got the Italian salad and the lettuce was wilted which was disappointing.  We have noticed that the regular crust is extremely filling and thick, so we always opt for the d'light crust.  All the pizzas come with baking instructions and a telephone survey.  If you complete the survey there is a code to write down and you get a free cookie dough on your return visit.  The cookie dough is strange, it doesn't smell like anything when its baking and when the cookies are done they are pretty greasy.  Papa Murphy's is a good alternative to delivery as far a price goes, in fact they advertise that they accept food stamps, but the quality could be a little better.
3	Their pizza is pretty good. Not way ahead of a frozen pizza in terms of taste but in terms of freshness it knocks frozen pizza out of the park! I like that you can have it made the way you want it. Overall, average pizza, average experience. It's all about convenience, but is it really more convenient than delivery?
3	Meh...it's exactly what you would expect. Nothing spectacular but it's a descent pizza for a good price.It was pretty busy when we got there but we were able to order right away. The three kids that were working the line were going as fast a they possibly could. We waited about 15-20 min. Next time I will call ahead.My only complaint is that when there were no customers to ring up, the manager just stood there and told the teens they were moving real fast. It would have been nice if he helped them out and I'm sure they would have appreciated it.
2	First time there tonight. The customer service was less than thrilling and they wouldn't help us find a deal so we could order more food. We would have ended up buying bread sticks and soda, but they were so rude that we only got the pizza. However, the pizza is very tasty. I still don't think we'll be going back, though.
4	I like the place, dont mind the baking part at all.  I've only had 2 types of pizza there.  The $5 large pepperoni pizza and that stuffed meat pizza (the best).Prices are decent, food quality is decent.  Good pizza place to try out. Better getting their $5 pizza (a little to thin though) over Little Caesars.The customer service could be a little better, but I like how it's get your food and get out. No unnecessary nonsense
5	Was pleasantly surprised by the excellent customer service at this location. It had been many years and many miles away since I've visited a Papa Murphy's... I have always enjoyed take and bake but the customer service I got here today is what will bring me back again and again. Great job! You guys are doing things right!
4	Love papa murphy's . Can't get a better pizza for your money. Yes, you do have to bake it but they use all fresh ingredients and don't skimp on them. Definitely recommend them!
