5	Amongst all of the insanely expensive stores in the South Park Area, K.La is so refreshing! It is young, fun, AND reasonably priced. I had a great conversation with Melody, the store manager - she will totally hook you up if you go in there. She's got a great sense of style, and loves to help people find what will work best for them. Immediately upon walking through the door I found three very cute summer dresses that could either be dressed-up or dressed-down, and plenty of cute accessories. I found most of the other stores in the area to be full of plain, simple clothing, but K.La totally broke this mold with bold prints and funky shapes and styles. A great shopping experience!
4	As others have noted, the main thing to remember about K.La. is UNDER $100.  This is the place to pick up cute, trendy things at inexpensive prices; literally most everything in the store is less than $100.   K.La features up-and-coming new designers in an ever-changing assortment.  You may or may not see the same designer twice.  The look is young, but almost anyone can find something.  And when it 's on sale?  Like $25.
4	Did someone say sale?! Nothing perks up my little ears more than the word "shopping" and K. La offers a sweet little option to get in my shopping fix without spending a bundle.Why?! Because the majority of K. La's fabulous items retail for less than $100 each (save upscale denim). They have everything a fashionable lady could dream up - chic accessories, pretty tops, cute cocktail dresses and smart little jackets. My fave items in here are the breezy little dresses and their accessories. This is a perfect little place to score a gift for a friend or choose a much needed date night outfit, without breaking the bank. The staff here are really helpful and energetic. I've always felt welcomed, regardless if I walk out with a purchase. As the other reviewers stated - this is certainly a breath of fresh air in the quite expensive SouthPark boutique landscape. They also have a decent sale section and run promos throughout the seasons. Yay for K. La!
4	I like this store a lot!This store saved me from having a meltdown. They have a good handful of selection for the current season of clothes. Store - clean, spacious, easy flow of getting to the clothes -- as the space is already small itself.Staff - courteous and friendly. Doesn't badger me with getting anything. Selection - a mix of good and some. Every now and then I see something that piqued my interest. Last week, I was desperate for some outfits to wear to Cancun.. And as you can see in the picture, one of which  was all from KLa. I received a lot of compliments. Price - decent! It is not bad for what you get. Although the jewelry is it bit pricey.. So I like to to browse through the sale section. Hours - I'm just happy they open on a Sunday.
5	Great location, great associates and great prices.  A boutique that is very affordable.  The girls that work there are so nice and helpful.  I fell in love with a pair of leggings there and they did not have my size.  She called the Atlanta store ordered them for me and I had them at my house the very next day!   Not sure why the address says Ballantyne; it is in South Park in the Phillips Place shopping area.
