3	Don't you hate it when things you want get built by your area after you move?  Well I was upset that this place opened up right after I moved and i'm a big fan of frozen yogurt (Yogurtland taro being my absolute favorite).  This place is very easy to miss.  There's no signs or banners pointing out this place but its located right in center of the vons and the CVS.  Walking in initially the place was empty but I was greeted nicely by the guy behind the counter.  The layout is similar to the other frozen yogurt places.  You have your soft serve machine lined up and then you have all the different toppings and condiments after selecting your yogurt.The selection here was very limited.  There wasn't a lot to choose from and the variety was poor.  They have those ketchup cups to sample all the different flavors so try them out.  I ended up choosing the sea salt caramel pretzel which was actually very tasty.  You can literally taste the saltiness and the sweetness which was well blended together.  Other than that the flavors are all quite boring.  Doesn't appear to be the "healthy" sort of frozen yogurt i'm used to seeing so for the health conscious im not sure if i can recommend this place.  The topping were all old.  Literally have been sitting out all day,  The fruits weren't firm , the nuts and mochi were old and tasted expired.  They serve crepes but didn't seem very appealing to me.  If you're in this area i'd go to crepe shack for that.Overall:  Service by the guy behind the counter was great.  He explained a lot to me with good knowledge of the store.  Yogurt itself was good but not a lot to choose from and topping were old.
5	Very good, love the fake boba berries! I had coconut watermelon swirl with mango bobas, my son got blueberry with gummy worms!? (I know!!) very cute and clean place , courteous cashier explained everything and asked if I had a coupon from 89052 book!! We will be back !
5	The yogurt is really good but the crepes are excellent, friendly and clean staff. It's my new favorite place.
5	Delicious yogurt, in a spotless store. I have found that some yogurts disagree with me, but the quality of Swirlicious is far superior to others I have tried.  Josh and Luis, who seem to be  working  there everytime I come in, are both terrific.  So polite and helpful. They are a real asset to the store. Swirlicious is a real find!
3	Right up front, the yogurt itself is phenomenal.  If nothing else, it's worth trying just for that.However, self-serve at 43 cents per ounce (and you can't weigh it until you get to the check-out), it is VERY high priced.  And when they deign to give discount coupons in local publications, you can't use it on yogurt purchases, only on "desserts," which are the even more expensive crepes and crepe sundaes.Recently, I went to buy a pint of yogurt for my Mom because she loves it so much, and they had no lids for the pint cups.  The most expensive yogurt in Henderson, and they can't even stock the right sized lids for their cups?Bottom line: the brand they use, Honey Hill, is delicious and even a bit addictive.  But there are a few too many issues for me to want to patronize the place on a regular basis when there are so many other yogurt shops within a three-mile radius.
5	Really enjoyed the yogurt here, especially since I am diabetic and they had no sugar added yogurt and fresh fruit topping choices.  Everything looked and tastes fresh and not like it had been sitting around for a while.  The only negative part of the experience were the little a-hole teenagers who were making nasty comments about my sisters wheelchair and artificial leg, but that's not the restaurants fault.  That's just people being insensitive and ignorant.  So overall, I will give Swirlicious 5 stars and some of their customers minus 5 stars.
4	Not as many flavors as the big chain places but more toppings! Toppings were fresh. Outdoor seating. Open late.
5	This place is a gem! Not only is it super convenient from my house (love to go for an evening walk with the hubby to this spot), but their yogurt is amazing! The staff is fabulous & the store is clean.
3	This place is deep in the burbs, I mean deep. Swirlicious is just like any other Yogurt shop; clean, brightly lit, and with a hint of sweetness in the air. They offer multiple flavors and a large buffet of toppings for varying levels of a person's sweet tooth. The one thing this place does offer that most Yogurt shops don't, are crepes. Yup, they make em' to order right in front of your eyes. I didn't have one on this trip and I doubt I'll ever be back to try one. This location is just to far to go for a thin layer of heated batter and run-of-the-mill yogurt. If you find yourself up here and you want to fulfill that sugar craving, Swirlicious might have just what you need.
3	Went here the other day and they didn't have any fruit flavored yogurt. They had chocolate, vanilla, peanut butter and mind chocolate I believe. Kind of disappointing. But considering the fact that this place is new I am hoping they will have a little more to offer. Might give this place another shot in a couple weeks to see if they have anything new. The interior was very clean, nicely decorated and lit. Staff was friendly just small flavor selection.
