4	We were in town Thanksgiving (2010) weekend for a quick little visit. We decided to come to Casey's for lunch and a couple drinks - boy am I glad we did!  I ended up getting the "Du Marche" and a few Rickard's Whites. The "Du Marche" sandwich was AWESOME - definitely something I have not had around here (turkey, panko covered cheese, granny smith apples); and the Rickard's white was basically a Belgian white beer - very good! Being a visitor, I'm always on the lookout for new beer and beer glasses. I asked the waitress, who was a very pleasant girl, if I could buy the Rickard's glass. She asked her manager, who said he would get me a price. When we were ready to leave, he said due to the holidays I could have the glass. All in all, Casey's is a very classy place - another good place to watch a game as they have tons of TVs.
3	Pretty good little place for burgers and other pub type food.  Service has been consistent every time I've been here.  Good spot for a quick bite and a few beers.  They also have a terrase to enjoy the summer weather on.  The bar side is pretty small, so if your going to go here for the hockey game, you better be early, and the last time I checked there was only one poorly positioned TV in the dining room area.
3	Food was good, my steak sandwich was tasty but a bit too fatty. Caesar salad was perfect but could have been a bit more generous. Mom had the sandwich du Marche which had green apples, coleslaw, grilled chicken, beacon, tomatoes I think and get this...  A breaded and fried slice of Cheddar cheese ! Yum but they should make a sandwich out of that alone. There's a nice terrace in the back, the waitress I think was alone, it was around 6 on an early weekday. She was friendly but seemed a little too comfortable. Now, the not so good....The prices are steep, the plates we had should not have costed more that 12$ max and they were around 17$ do you know what I can have to eat in Montreal for 17$??? Shaking my head !!!So despite the fact that i admire their ambition, unless prices drop considerably, I won't be returning to Casey's as there are way more places in Montreal bang for your buck worthy !
