5	These guys are the best! I love that they have everything you need all in one office. The staff is top notch, friendly, professional and extremely helpful and understanding. They took care of my whole family, worked with us on scheduling appointments that work with our crazy schedules and were more concerned with our dental health than our financial one! Dr. Freeman is kind and gentle and those are 2 words I have never used before to describe a dentist!
5	I came in from out of town for an emergency. They were very friendly, and helpful. This has to be the most understanding office, of my financial situation. I can't say enough about what wonderful service they provided. Thank you, thank you, thank you!
4	Very friendly staff. Prices are reasonable and it's comfortable for kids. I will be going back.
5	Office was clean, the staff is always friendly and helpful, and they do a great job explaining pricing and what your insurance covers. We are military and we haven't had any red-tape nightmares between this office and MetLife. Easily the best dental office my children have ever been to.The giant TV's on the ceiling above the exam chair are a big plus.
5	I was absolutely impressed with this office and every staff member there. From the moment we walked in we were greeted by the friendly receptionist who helped us with all the paperwork. They weren't crowded at all, and since my appointment was for a Saturday morning I was excited for this. My 2 year old needed to have her first checkup and some teeth trauma examined. The young man who took pictures of her mouth was very friendly, gentle, and patient with her while getting her pictures. He took us to the exam room where we waited no more than 10 minutes for the Dr. And then there's Dr. Amy, she was professional, courteous, friendly, gentle, patient, any good word you can think of to describe her. I was nervous for my child's first dentist appointment but will not be for the next. I will most definitely return there.Thanks everyone!
