2	It's 9pm on a wednesday night, I just landed from San Francisco and I hadn't slept the night before.I need sustenance.Prime rib for $11.99? Sure why not.I just wish I had fresh horseradish. Also, a little more attention from the waitress would've been nice. The place was EMPTY.The prime rib was annihilated.
3	Harold's is a lot like most of the restaurants in Cave Creek. It has a lot of country flare, and a lot of steak and ribs on the menu. Some friends of mine who live in Cave Creek recommended we go there for lunch one day. The food was decent, but the service was pretty bad. It was nice and quietduring the lunch hour though which was nice. My friends really seemed to like it out of most of the places in Cave Creek so if you are there check it out.
4	okay, you don't go to Harold's for service and nicey nice.  You go to Harold's to get drunk and eat a hamburger.  At least that is what I have done every time I have been to Harold's.  And have had an enjoyable time when those were my expectations. I used to live in Cave Creek right after I graduated from college, for about 4 months.  I didn't really even know it was called Harold's b/c I referred to it as the Biker Bar Restaurant.
3	The food is good, I usually go with the bbq. Only bad thing I can think of is the wait.  I think they take entirely too long to serve the food.  They have big portions and the prices are very decent. The hosts don't seem very outgoing or friendly probably just young girls who really don't need to work, but the servers definetly are friendly and attentive.
3	Harold's is worth the drive up north if you're looking for a good 'ol country / biker bar to drink beer, listen to country music, and/or watch Steelers games... It's a huge space with several rooms inside and a great big outdoor patio too.  Up until my most recent visit, I might have told you that the service and food were pretty consistent too... but unfortunately, both the service and food sucked during our last visit!Since I've been going to Harold's for years though, I'm sticking to a 3 star review in hopes that our last experience was a fluke. In the past, I've enjoyed both the beef ribs and the salmon entrees at Harold's.  I went for a steak salad last visit and was extremely disappointed - it was pretty nasty. I also found it funny that when my bf asked about the soup of the day, the waitress said it was 'clam chowder' and that it was 'good when fresh' but she didn't recommend it the day we were there... huh, that kinda makes you wonder?!Harold's does offer steamed broccoli as well as plenty of other side items including french fries, coleslaw, baked potato, and more.  Their menu is huge with something for everyone, but I think Nadia C has the right idea in going to Harold's for beer and burgers!
5	Harold's has THE BEST salad ever!  It has fried chicken, lots of cheese and  french fries.  It basically defeats the purpose of eating a salad.  I love it!  I had never heard of french fries on a salad and even though it may sound weird it's very delicious!
3	I went here for a motorcycle club meeting brunch. It was buffet-style, and really was ample on the fillin's.  My litmus test of a breakfast establishment is if they have hot sauce or not.  Harold's does.  Did you ever see that episode of the Simpson's where Homer goes to a rough outlaw bar and needs to ask a question, and can't get any attention? He smashes a glass and the whole rowdy, fighting bar stops and looks at him.  Yeah, that could be Harold's, if it were rowdy.Great for huge groups.  And make sure to check out the weirdo ceiling fans.
3	I've been meaning to come here for a while now, but never seemed to have the energy or motivation to drive all the way up here.  I finally decided that it was time to clear out some of my bookmarks, and made the very long trek up to Harolds on this lovely Saturday morning.I wanted to go to Harolds for breakfast, and thats exactly what I did. I love the carefree/cave creek area and could hang out in this area often and frequently.  When I lived in Anthem I used to spend more time here, but since moving down to Tempe, Im not up here as much as I would like to be.Anyways, I got here a few minutes before 8, and Harolds wasnt quite open yet. I waited and was one of the first people in when the doors open. It kind of has a rustic coral/bar-ish type feeling to it.  Cute.  Seems to fit in with the other places outside.I liked how big this place was too.  Smaller tables for parties of of 2, 3 or 4, and much larger dining areas for substantially larger groups.  Harolds is also known for being a big biker hangout, which I think is way cool, along with being a Pittsburgh Steelers place as well.Anyways, I ordered off the breakfast menu. Scrambled eggs, corned beef hash home fries and toast.  Yummy.  Sort of.  The eggs weren't so bad.  I felt like I was eating egg beaters. Edible, tasty, and yummy, but they couldn't be fresh out of the shell.  Home fries were slightly salty, but tasty, and the toast was fine.But, heres my real point of annoyance. Ive never had corned beef hash before.  I've had corned beef lunch meat, but not this hash crap with breakfast.  The hash was so salty I couldn't finish it.  At first I thought they had actually given me two sides of hash browns because the place was so dark. I was wrong.  It was the corned beef hash.  Is this stuff supposed to be that salty?  OMG I was dying.  Not totally unedible, but I really couldnt finish it.Anyways, service was fine.  I gave this place only 3 stars.  I was hoping for more, food wise, but overall it was okay.
3	Steeler Country?  More like Cougar Country!We went to Harold's last night to see John Corbett and his band play.  Yes, I said John Corbett, from "Northern Exposure" and "Sex and the City".  He's a pretty good musician too.  The doors opened at 7, and it was a madhouse trying to find a seat.  They set up chairs all over the place on the West side of the bar near the stage.  We eventually gave up on finding 2 seats and ordered a beer at the bar.  Judging from the layout of the seats and the big open space in front of the stage, we figured we'd just stand and dance anyway.  We walked around a bit and decided to have dinner.  We were promptly seated and our order was taken.  I ordered the "Strip Steak" and my wife ordered the "Cajun Scallops" appetizer as an entree with a wedge salad.  The waitress brought my salad out first, and then about 2 minutes later returned with my wife's scallops.  We asked for her salad which she then brought out within a few more minutes.  My steak arrived in a reasonable amount of time and was very good.  We both agreed that the food was very good for what we paid and if we are ever in Cave Creek again, we will most likely return.  I'm giving them 3 stars for the unorganized mad house rush to get inside and for the timing of the food.  I do have to give big props to the owner of Harold's for bringing in John Corbett!  He sang for over 3 hours non-stop and then signed autographs and took photos with everyone who wanted.  He was very down to earth and really nice guy.
3	Harold's is pretty good! Stopped in for a few beers at the bar area. They've got an impressive happy hour(s) list of specials, which starts earlier than most other bars. $1 off premium drafts (good beer), which knocks em down to $3 a pint. Select appetizers for a mere buck & all others at 50% off. That's what I call a happy hour specials list! Not a bad spot to kick back and enjoy some beers & apps.
4	There is not much to do in Cave Creek. I consider Harrold's to be a great place to go for a little break. They have a great happy hour from 4-6 with 1$ small drafts and appetizers (2 tacos, 2 sliders, 2 beef ribs, 6 wings or a cheese crisp) 2$ domestic bottles and 3$ large drafts. Always good service by friendly staff. The food is pretty tasty and they usually have some evening live entertainment going on. Not to mention off the track betting for gamblers.
1	This review is for their annual luauI have not eaten at this establishment on a normal night, and can not comment on that.Sooo, the luau.It was disorganized.  The food was brought out buffet style and hundreds of people rushed the table leading to a gigantic and very slow moving line.By the time we made it up to the food table, everything was picked through and looked like a tornado went through it.Drinks were not included, bu tthey did have cheap and tasty Mai Tais.For the food we got to eat, I wasn't too impressed.  The beef ribs were way to fatty.The pork was so fatty I found the section I was given to be inedible.The corn on the cob was my favorite part.So I spent around $40 to eat two ears of corn and a few drinks.Le sigh.More organization and better food is needed for this event!I demand it!
4	I have only been here once for a bachelor / bachelorette auction and let me tell you I felt so bad for some of those people, especially the one bachelor that didn't get any offers. Ouch. The food was decent and the people were nice, although I am sure they were kinda wondering what the blazes I as doing there lol. I was even asked if I was going to be on the auction block that night. Hmm I wonder how much if any I would have raised for charity. Ah the world will never know.
1	Time at the location1 pm Oct 3, 2009All, just wanted to add a few comments about a this restaurant that i stop to eat. Its Steeler bar which is not problem -I am Eagles fan and there a few tv's aroundThe food was not that good I had the roast beef with lousy gravey more like a paste, my wife had the chicken sandwich which according to her was fair. The service is the worst I've have ever experienced. I would not recommend this place for anyone who like spend their hard earn money and not get good food adn service in return. The Hostess need to find another job was not friendly.BTW this place doesn't care about your 2nd Amendment Rights. There is a sign post at the door.Spend your $$$$ elsewhere
4	I love Harold's. I have never been able to go there at night because I have two small children. So, all I can comment on is the food quality. I LOVE it! Everything has been good. From the pizza to the roast beef. Its a great place to go, especially with a child in their terrible twos.
4	Love the place. It is a fun relaxing place where you can let your hair down and enjoy some better then average casual dining. The decor is eclectic and the mix of people make it an interesting place to people watch. Only been there for dinner never of any event or to watch a Steelers game. If you do not live close it is worth the trip.
3	If you want fancy food and waiters who part time as sommaliers (not that there is anything wrong with that) then Binkley's and Cartwright's are great options...if you want a no frills bar menu and normal beer list (Fat Tire on tap and occasionally Sierra Nevada) with an entertaining live band then Harold's is your stop.  Oh yeah, also if you ride a Harley, have rubber bands in your beard or simply support the Steelers then this is the place for you as well.  But that being said, I have heard rumors about this place bein a rough and tumble biker bar.  Maybe I show up on off nights (Friday and Saturdays), but patrons have always been friendly.  So pull up a chair, relax and bask in the Sonoran sunsets and night skys.By the way, the 3 stars isn't a knock on this place, I honestly enjoy it.  But it's tough to give more than 3 stars to a standard bar.  And if they kept folks from smoking on the patio I would add one more star, but then where would the urban cowboys get their Marlboro man on?
4	Best damn chicken sandwich in the state.
4	I went to Harold's Cave Creek Corral with my family for mother's day. The place was hopping! There were bikers, there were families and more importantly, there was food! We all opted for the Sunday brunch which is offered at an impressive price of $10 per person. They serve bacon, sausage, eggs with peppers and onions, eggs benedict, seasoned potatoes, yummy bread with fresh fruit toppings, biscuits and melon. They also have a full menu of omelets and any other delicious breakfast/lunch/dinner option you could want.The drive out was pretty, the restaurant was fun and yummy and I'll be happy to go back!
1	The place would have been OK if the bartenders weren't Pm'sing. There were two girls working that have no business being behind a bar. My friends and I were greeted by a tall beautiful brunette. With that being said that will be her only compliment, this girl was rude, surly and just down right mean. We actually felt intimidated to ask for another beer, we didn't want to inconvenience her while she cleaned with a down right hateful scorn to her face. It's a shame too, this town seemed to be like something out of a wild west movie. That was pretty cool, however I can assure you we will not be back!!!!
4	I have been to this place a few times. The first time I came here was for lunch and it was very good, But honestly I love to have breakfast here. I usually get something I believe its called the wagon wheel, which comes with eggs, choice of bacon or sausage, potatoes, and a choice of french toast or pancakes. Its a BIG breakfast, and oh so tasty! In the morning this place isn't too busy, but wait until nightfalls or a Steelers game is going on and this place gets packed!
1	Disgusting food, bathrooms, service. Steak sandwich was on white bread, 2 (count em) french fries, horrible service, no parking, breakfast buffet was empty and looked like it was 3 days old, perogies were soaked in grease and rubber, never again.
3	Inexpensive happy hour menu. Spacious interior and covered patio. Busy on the weekends, parking area can be crowded.
1	Combine bad service and awful food and bingo ... You've got Harold's. With about a billion restaurants to pick from, why would anyone eat at this dump and based upon the dining area and it's level of filth, ya gotta wonder what the kitchen looks like.
4	Excellent barbecue. The meat has a smoky flavor. Nice country atmosphere
2	Came here for breakfast with my dad. Place doesnt open until 8am.I ordered the chicken fried steak with biscuits and gravy and some OJ and it came with some potatoes.I dont remember what my dad got but  both our plates tasted like a jar of oregano. It was like they spilled it all over our dishes and instead of remaking more, they said fuck it and gave it to us. I think it actually would have been good if it wasnt for the oregano all over.
4	If a person can't feel at home at Harold's, there's no hope. GREAT atmosphere, good spot for people watching, Steeler Bar on Sundays...the Italian Stallion sandwich will blow your socks off. DON't miss this spot !!!!
2	As a resident Creeker, I can tell you that ONLY tourists and wannabes come here.  Everyone thinks it's some bad ass biker bar, and as far as legit biker bars go, this ain't it.   I always thought the inside looked like a VFW hall, so I honesty don't get the interest.  Besides the wannabe thing mentioned above.  lolIf you're ordering something like buffalo wings, and have low expectations, you'll be content with the food.  Beyond that, you don't come here for the food.  You come here because you are a wannabe.  But, it is Steelers central, and if that's your thing, you will have a good time among your brethren.
4	This bar is awesome. I'm a fan for sure. Margaritas on tap are actually really good. Not that I'm a margarita connoisseur but these are drinkable and strong. The bartenders are friendly enough and make drinks the way I like them - strong.  I've never had the food so I cannot comment on that aspect. It's a classic cowboy bar, complete with a corral to park the horse you rode in on.
5	Great atmosphere to watch Steelers games! If your a yinzer you must check it out...
4	Great roadhuse type bar restaurant. Big menu with lots of choices. Wait staff friendly and work hard. Only thing, it gets really busy, sometimes food takes awhile. Hire more servers during peak times. Fun place with live band. Not a place for quiet romantic dinner. Food is excellent especially the steaks.
4	Public Service announcement: Cave Creek is large and not just the exit off the 101....  Agreed to come here on the former assumptiong and after looking this place up was worried I made a bad commitment. (Hey, I may be blonde but  I'm also new here!)Fun events going on here all the time! Busy even early on a Thursday. It is a ton of fun! I came here with a big group of family/friends. Although the Catfish took a while longer than the rest of the meals to come out, the food was good, the music was loud, and the place was accomodating to all ages. (Not really sure the music was that great but I can't complain as you can still generlly speak to your neighbors). I would definately come back!
5	Oh Hell Yeah!I'm a Jet fan through and through, but when my buddy and his family (mostly Steelers fans) came through town I had to join them at Harold's for the experience.This is THE Steeler's bar! They have Iron City Brew, killer burgers and the most loyal Steeler fans ever!The service is pretty good, even on a crowded Monday night game! This isn't a fancy joint. It's not the nicest joint, but it is one of the best. The vibe is an old timer's biker country-style bar. TV's everywhere, so you don't have to strain your neck, a gigantic patio, and a pretty diverse menu. Something for everyone.BY THE WAY...If you have an awesome baby like my friend Carey...bring him/her. This place is baby friendly...as long as your babe is a Steeler fan.
3	Harold's is a cool country/biker bar  and worth checking out. The owner is such a sweetheart and the bartenders are all pretty cordial. I've only been a few times and have yet to try the food, but have enjoyed each visit I've made purely for the entertainment, country music and company.It's a pretty big sized bar/restaurant with a large wrap around patio.If you're up for some two-step and rocking it out to a Lynard Skynard song or two, this is your spot.
4	I'm a foodie; I come here for the steaks, not the drinks or the ambience.  Their steaks are better than the chain steakhouse restaurants.  If you're looking for a fancy steakhouse, go to Ruth Chris or Mortons.  If you're looking for a cheap steak, go to Sizzlers (are they even still around?).  Here, the steaks aren't cheap, but they're cooked well and full of flavor.  Add one of their toppings (I like the mushrooms and scallions or the black peppercorn sauce options), and the steak just comes alive.  Their prime rib just melts in your mouth... but the au jus that comes with it isn't that great.  Their appetizer sampler platter is almost a full meal in itself for a small group; some very interesting interpretation of regular barfood appetizers.  I've tried several other items on their menu, and they're hit-and-miss - but it's obvious what the misses are.  (Hint:  this is the wild west... so don't bother with pasta, salad, etc.  You're also in the middle of a desert far away from the ocean and in a dusty little town in a cowboy/biker bar - why would you think to order seafood here?).They don't bother serving you water when you sit for dinner; if you want it, ask for it (something about not wasting water if no one wants it...).Ambience wise, this place just fits in with the Cave Creek feel - cowboys and bikers.  The place is huge, with a big wrap-around porch and a large dirt parking lot.  Service is a bit slow, and they obviously cater to their sports - especially the Steelers.  Some nights they have live bands that they bring in - some local, some nationally known; it's hit-and-miss - you just have to check what's happening ahead of time.  I'm not a Steeler fan, I'm not a cowboy, I'm not a biker, I don't live in Cave Creek, and I'm not a wannabe... but I do know a good steak, so I make the trek out to Harolds every now and then when I'm in the mood for one.  My most recent trip was on 2011-05-04.  Things aren't perfect (the lettuce in my salad seemed a bit wilted), but I was happy with the steak and Arizona wings, and left satisfied.
3	Pretty decent place for a burger and a beer.  I had the blue cheese and bacon burger.  It came with lots of fries on the side.  Not the best burger I've ever had, but completely satisfactory. In keeping with the "blue" theme I washed it down with a Blue Moon from the tap.  Try to catch some of the live music acts they have here at night.
5	Freakin' rad place.  I came here for a concert (DAC) at night and I thought it was a pretty sweet venue.. not too big and not too small.  The staff/bartenders seemed friendly and responsive as far as I could tell.  We ordered some pizza before the main act went on and it was actually pretty damn good.. I was expecting subpar bar food and was pleasantly surprised.I live in California but If I ever get a chance to go back I most likely will.
5	What kind of lunatic knocks a place like Harold's? In no way do they claim to have the worlds finest cuisine. It's a honky tonk that serves great greasy food and cheap beer. It's an alternative to the (equally fantastic) Buffalo Chip especially if you have kids, seeing as how the Chip caters more to a 21 and older crowd. Harold's has great music, lots of football during the NFL season, though it is a Steelers haunt so if you're not a Steel fan(which I'm not), you might want to keep your negative views of Steeler Nation kinda hush hush. Stuffed breadsticks are quite possibly the greatest accompaniment to a pitcher of beer you'll ever find. Basically stromboli as the east coast Italians(which I am, originally) would call it. The best happy hour in town for value and selection. BBQ beef sandwich is pretty killer too. Bear with the servers; this place gets busy, so order two rounds at a time and have a little patience. You shouldn't be in such a rush when you're in Cave Creek anyway...it's off the beaten path for a reason. Been going here since the early 90's and the fact that it hasn't changed in 20 years tells you that they've got the right formula going.
3	Just a cute place with pretty good food! I loved sitting outside and watchng the great cars and bikes in Cave Creek. Harolds is a greasy spoon kind of a place, but that's part of the fun of it!
5	The best Breakfast EVER !!!
2	Eh...the food is ok.  Nothing to write home about and I've had better elsewhere. There really isn't anything compelling about Harold's that would make me want to go back again.
3	Huge cowboy restaurant/bar! If you like dancing to country music then this is your paradise. It's not mine. Though I am curious to try one of their steaks the next time I'm out here in the sticks.
4	The service sucked, however I have to give 4 stars. My husband had the chicken enchiladas and I had the open faced turkey sandwich. We had wings as our appetizer. The wings were awesome. Our main dishes were good too. I just can't get ovet those tasty wings. ;-)
4	Fried Provolone cheese sticks, made here!  Mmmm. Those were tasty, unlike the lame stuff that most bars have which all comes from the same Phoenix distributor.Finally a decent happy hour in the area, starting at 2pm as of writing this review.  Good appetizers list, good choices for happy hour specials.  Daytime service, seating, and parking were all very good (can't comment on night experience).
4	It's a lively Saturday night in the cowboy town of Cave Creek. Just four "city folk" out for a night of two steppin, beer drinkin', cowboy hat wearin' good times. The first stop on the list was Harold's, a classic in the Cave Creek community and the setting to many a movie over the years. We stepped through the doors to step back into a time of saloon living and let the night begin. Harold's is a classic and rightfully so. The food is good (especially the Southwestern burger), the drinks flow and the setting is the perfect blend of families out for a western filled-fun night and adults looking to two step once they pound enough beers to give them liquid courage. Then there's the bands that come through. When we were there, we listened to a hip country cover band that played all the hits and kept the crowd swaying and singing to their favorite country songs. The people watching alone is worth making the drive for. I saw everything from classic cowboys gliding their cowgirls across the dance floor, to country-lovin' cougars ready to find their own John Wayne to call their own. And yes, they even have games here, including big buck hunter and car racing that kept me occupied for much longer than I like to admit. They also have pool and randomly enough, just one bags board (typically there are two). Harold's is a great spot to start your night and have a cowboy's meal before hitting the prairie or night out on the town. I would prefer this spot for dinner and a drink or two and once it's time to untie your horse from this spot, just move next door for more of a hootenanny.  I see why this classic country establishment has been in business for so many years and why so many famous faces like to call it a favorite. It's on my list of favorite Cave Creek hangouts now as well!
1	This place lives on its reputation as a Steelers bar alone.  Ordered the Primanti's Brothers knock-off.  Looked and tasted like Wonder Bread Texas Toast and Steak-ums.  The service was even worse.  I won't be back.
5	I have been eating at Harolds for almost 15 years. I have probably eaten every item off menu. One of my favorites is the Cajun Prime Rib. Still my favorite place to go eat and hang out.
5	I came up here to Harold's for the first time in a long time, and I'm glad that I did.  I haven't been here in a while, and since the weather's been nice and I have some extra time, I thought I would treat myself to a nice lunch at Harold's.I forgot how much fun this place is.  I pull up and there's 3 horses parked in the corral that customer's rode in themselves.  Loads of bikes in the parking lot, with quite a few people eating inside.  I went to the hostess station and told her it was just me, and she sat me in the Fireside dining area! I've never sat in this section before! It's a little room off to the side, with linen tablecloth's, a fire place and its much smaller and quieter to sit back here.I ordered the BBQ sandwich which came with coleslaw, a pickle and had a Sprite as well.  Tasty!  I think my server was Brittany, and she did a marvelous job.  Service was great, food was awesome, and I love coming up here.  I will be back again in the future, as I had a great time and really enjoyed myself.  Keep up the good work Harolds! I love you guys!
4	Harold's is just a great place to eat, drink, and be entertained, period.  It's fun, it's noisy and raucous, and the live music is simply fantastic!  If you want it a bit more quiet, sit in the back in the lovely, yet still rustic, fire place room.  The food is what it is; either good cowboy/pub grub, or more expensive meals.  I've been to Harold's countless times since moving to the Cave Creek/Carefree area and have never had a bad meal or a disappointing experience.  Long live Harold's!
5	Yeeeeee, bloooooody hahhhhhhhh!!!!!Just love this bar, attentive staff, great venues, down to earth, good people. Lot's of want-to-be- cowboys / girls etc, but who cares, just a great place to hang out, eat some inexpensive BBQ, watch, bull riding (on Fridays) and drink cheap beer...it's the American way after all.... And as a "Brit'......I love it!!!
3	You got the news from your doctor, it's not good. Your cholesterol levels are so high, he warns how one more plate of fried anything could catapult you into the record books as the first known human to undergo an octo-bypass. What do you do?You didn't get this far in life to have some wormy little 30-something tell you what to eat or not eat. Screw him, you're going to Harold's for the Friday night fish fry.Start with some whiskey. You're in Arizona now, that's what we do. We drink redeye.Then we order the all-you-can-eat fish fry, being sure to not miss out on any offers for additional servings. After you're plum full, you stagger to the bar area and flirt with a couple 'o cougars you thought were eyeballing you during supper.They were...astounded by what a hog you are.You're not feeling well. Maybe the doctor was right. Ok, he was right, as you collapse to the floor.You're floating above your body now as you listen to the paramedics pronounce your time of death. You're not even sad.Instead, you keep thinking about how good that fish was as you plead with the angels to give you one more chance. But they're smarter than you. They know you'll just come back for more whiskey and fish. Your ruin for certain.You send them away, asking for the Devil's agent instead."No problem" he tells you, and whoosh...you're back in the game.Back at Harold's. Only this time, you're a Mexican busboy named Hidalgo, cleaning up where some fat guy just died from a massive fried fish and whiskey overdose.You work at Harold's the next twenty years, watching as happy people eat, drink, and dance the nights away.Don't look at me, you brought this on yourself...Hidalgo.
4	This place is good for breakfast, lunch, happy hour and dinner. If you're in Cave Creek AZ and looking for a casual place for good food and cold drinks, I recommend this place.
5	I love this place. It could have something to do with the drink I partake in before and while I am here. ??The service while slow is always good. The fish fry is a favorite of mine. Done right and simple. The patio is a great place to hang out and drink or eat! You can hear the live band anywhere in and out of the building.
4	I can't really remember what I ate while I was here...The drinks, however were plentiful and potent. (Grin, wink, wink)  I love the atmosphere, being born a desert rat (that is hillbilly minus the hills, frills plus cacti) I loves me some honky tonk! This place fit the bill, the band was fun, played a nice gamut of country gold, honky tonk, and new age country. My little and I had a great time cutting up the dance floor to it. Fun place to bring the munchkins (or your mate) for some "San Antonio Stroll", steaks and whatever else you fancy. PLUS- you just can't beat Carefree on a warm, spring night. You just can't- everything else is just icing.
2	After a long morning of riding dune buggies through the desert trails, we stopped off at Harold's Cave Creek Corral for a quick lunch before heading back to our rental house... at least the plan was to just have a quick lunch, but that soon changed. As soon as we sat down we were greeted by a friendly waitress who immediately took our drink orders, everything seemed ok up to this point. The drinks came out fairly quickly and a few of the guys that had gotten there early had ordered appetizers for the whole table, which also came out fast.... but then another table was seated in our section. Apparently the restaurant can hold about 200 people, but as soon as more than 20 are seated the whole place falls apart. We didn't see our waitress for another 30 minutes or so as she frantically ran around to all the tables at the other side of the restaurant. We eventually had to go up and ask another waitress to inform our waitress that we had every intention of eating lunch, but she was making it quite hard to sit there any longer. I guess the threat of a table of 10 guys leaving was enough for her to check on us again and take our food order. The food came out in a decent amount of time, but I don't think everyone was happy with that they got. The meatball calzone was apparently delicious, my BBQ Beef Sandwich was decent, but my brother's steak sandwich was absolutely terrible. So with terrible service and semi-decent food, we decided to ask for our check before we even finished eating (as we weren't sure we'd ever see our waitress again). By the time the check came, the local pink-shirt-top-hat-wearing-drunk had made his way into the restaurant and made his way over to our table. I can't complain about that as we called him over and he was harmless. He told us a terrible joke and laughed at us as we got up and made our way out of the restaurant. The only reason I gave this place 2 stars is because my food was decent and the calzone was incredible. The service was horrendous when the place was empty so I can't imagine it when it's full... Hopefully they are better staffed during normal busy hours, but I still can't recommend this place. There are a bunch of other places in the area I'm sure you'd be better off eating at.
4	What a neat place to go. Lots of fun. Went there with family and friends and we had a great time. Food wasn't anything to rave over but it's not really an upscale kind of place. We had a great time and we will be going back soon.
5	Similar to how one might spend his entire summer building a resistance to Iocane powder, I've spent the last few years building my resistance to tequila and Dos Equis,Well I'm happy to report how all of my resistance training paid-off yesterday at Harold's. The ultimate challenge. Cinco de Stinko and, The Kentucky Derby all rolled into one day-drinking event.Five stars for our server, who could 'make or break' such an event. She was young, pleasant and attentive, making sure we had fresh soldiers upon her noticing our half-empty bottles. Now that's attentive. We dedicated the first half of the day to Kentucky, drinking only Maker's Mark, washing it down with beer, and cursing the Duke NCAA basketball coach for losing in the first round of this year's March Madness tournament. Fucker. Anyway, the place was packed.Lots of forty something babes with bonnets and old dudes in tow. But after a couple of Mint Juleps, the old-dudes were going down like Sasha Gray. Then it got fun, watching as the bonnet brigade checked us outt....their 'dates' slumped in their chairs.The betting lines were long, but that worked in our favor.By astutely spying the end of the line for a group of fun-loving babes, whose old-dude escort was too weak to mess us up, we picked that moment get into the very long line.Before long, we were buying shots for the girls. Laughing till we snorted. Trying on their bonnets, and encouraging them to dance.Fun for a while, but now it was time to turn our attention to Cinco. The race run.This is where all the training paid off. Drinking only tequila and Dos Equis, smack-talking the white babes in Spanish,  and now, trying to hustle weed from the old hippie bikers, we managed to meet some really fun people. Some who even thought they were the shit, challenging us to a drinking duel. Dumbasses. Nobody beats me in day-drinking.  I majored in Iocaine powder...remember?Anyhow, we prevailed.It was fun to see them go down in flames. Even more fun to see one of them throwing up over the patio rail. But I got some nice pics on my Iphone and before too long, decided to call it a day.I don't recall much after that. Only waking up in the parking lot in my Jeep, delighted to see how I had all my limbs, digits, and no sign of blood anywhere on my person. Overall, it was a good day. Thanks Harold's. I don't know who helped me to the Jeep and tucked me in, but if it was one of your staff, special thanks to them.
1	This place sucks. Food has gone downhill majorly. Fun for drinking. Bad for food
3	I went to Harold's Cave Creek Corral for the first time tonight. I wasn't sure what to expect as far as the quality of the place. All I knew when my sister-in-law planned the outing with other family members was that there would be dancing lessons, a live band, a very country atmosphere and an all-you-can-eat fish fry. The parking lot was packed when we first got there. A good sign. The establishment was huge. Very spacious. And yes, there was definitely a country atmosphere, but it was cool. Our waitress was a dangerously beautiful creature with a great ass, which for me, goes a long way. Her service was not superb, but still better than most places one could go to. At one point, someone in my party spilled a beverage on the table. I asked the beautiful server for some towels, which she promptly provided, but she didn't offer to help clean up the spill. I'm not really sure what the waitressing etiquette is on that one. The dance lessons were more of a crash course in country and line dancing. I'm not much of a dancer, so when my two left feet were leading my sister-in-law in circles around the floor, our "instructor" informed me in a very annoyed manner that I was taking too big of steps. So he had me dance with his partner, the female instructor, who didn't teach me anything. So that portion of Harold's was the only thing I'd have to say was deliberately sub par. The live band was a group called Young Country. They were decent, but I can't really critique a country band because I don't listen to country. So after dabbling in the art of dance, we go back to our table where my appetizer of a cheese crisp is waiting for me. It is definitely crispy. Tasty, but too crispy. My all-you-can-eat fish fry (beer battered cod) then came out, and was quite delicious. Until, half way through, I noticed something foreign in the bite I had just taken and fished (no pun intended) it out of my mouth to find there was an extremely long strand of human hair in the piece of beer battered cod. I promptly notified the manager  --and this is the total redeeming factor to the whole Harold's experience--and he was so appalled by this discovery he personally took the food away and brought me another plate of which he watched over the preparation. He then comped me for the meal. Hey, accidents happen. I understand. But it's the way the staff and manager of an establishment respond that really matters. And after that little bit of nastiness, the manager and waitress at Harold's did everything they could to rectify the situation. I also need to mention earlier in the evening that same manager did what he could to make our lighting situation better, even when it was something he really couldn't have helped without installing a light fixture over our table. A little bit of effort goes a long way. All in all, Harold's was a pretty cool place. I think I'd rather go during happy hour next time. The dancing lessons and volume of the live band were overwhelming.
4	I live in Cave Creek and I have been here many times over the last couple years with friends that come to visit from Oregon.  Cave Creek is a fun little town to wander around and Harold's is a fun place to take them.  The food is good not great, although both my wife and I love the salmon and being from the pacific northwest that is saying something    There is a reason the place is busy on the weekend.  It is fun and it is a destination for folks around the valley.    If you want haute cuisine go to Binkleys  up the street.  Stick to the basics, have some drinks and have fun at Harold's.  Oh, FYI on Sundays this is a Pittsburgh Steeler place.  If you get there during a game there will be  a long wait for a table unless you have a reservation.  After football season or during the week no problem.  Lots of room.  If you don't want to see dozens of adults wearing Steeler jerseys just skip Sundays during the season. Or go on the bye week.  Good food and service.  I just find anyone over 13 years old wearing an athletes jersey to be a bit disturbing.   Support local businesses wherever you live   Fuck Buffalo Wild Wings if you get my drift
4	I've been here several times, it's my dad's favorite. He likes to imagine he is a gruff cowboy who rides his horse up to Harold's to enjoy the huevos rancheros and giant stacks of french toast.It's fun to be pretending by breakfast time!I know that Harold's is lively at night but the breakfast is pretty awesome, too! The food is pretty good and you get huge quantities of it! On prior visits I have worked my way through the breakfast enchilada, the southwestern eggs benedict, and a large stack of pancakes. All food comes out hot and with a smile! Definitely a fun place to take visitors (or yourself) and reminisce about the old southwest.
4	Love the food at Harold's, the large menu, the atmosphere, the great service, and the fact that it shares a parking lot with Buffalo Chip so it's easy to mosey on over for bull riding after a good dinner. Buffalo Chip has mediocre food, a tiny menu, and bad food service if you get there too late and it's super busy.Harold's has a large dining area and a wonderfully large menu. While most of it looks vegetarian, I found out when researching rehearsal dinner places that many of the sauces have some kind of meat stock in them, making it unvegetarian. The server we had for dinner was really nice, prompt, and helpful. The menu has a ton of different choices like regular bar food, mexican food, tons of bbq, pizza, pastas, and burgers/sandwiches. The salads are fresh, the bbq sauce is amazing, and they serve warm, soft bread rolls with just about everything.The inside has a charming western feel and doesn't get too crowded feeling even when there are a lot of people because the rooms are quite large. The patio is really nice with a ton of misters, a beautiful view of mountains & cactus, and is sunset-facing. I definitely recommend getting dinner & drinks here and then heading over to the Buffalo Chip for Friday night bull riding.
4	We always enjoy listening to the live bands at  Harold's on the weekends.  This time, after spending the night in Cave Creek, we decided to try their Sunday breakfast buffet. We headed over about 9am to make sure we had plenty of time to eat and relax. When we got there we were greeted by the hostess. They had a moderate amount of people but weren't crowded, and she took us to our table right away. She gave us menus. Our server came over within a few minutes with big glasses of ice water. Already a good sign. We ordered coffee and told her we wanted the buffet. She brought our coffee and plates promptly.The buffet consisted of a long table covered in a red and white tablecloth with large warming trays on top. It didn't seem very impressive at first until we started filling our plates with the various foods. There were scrambled eggs, fried potatoes, biscuits and gravy, bacon, large sausages, blintzes, thick-cut french toast and a few more things. They also had strawberry and blueberry toppings for the French toast and a tray of fresh cantaloupe.I would like to have had some other choices of fruit since cantaloupe isn't my favorite and maybe some cheese to put on my eggs. The biscuits were on the dry side but nothing a little gravy wouldn't take care of,Everything was hot and delicious. Our server came back several times to refill  the water and coffee. The coffee was very good. Another plus. It was a great way to wake up and start the day. We will definitely go back.
3	Great food, great drinks, crappy service. What is with employees in carefree/cave creek??? We would go back for the food as football season is here.
5	Nice Staff. Always a good night at Harolds.
4	Harold's is a fun country bar way out in Cave Creek.  It's very far from my house, but when we're in Cave Creek playing golf or shopping, we drop in for a Beer or three.  It's pretty large and is a great place for a group to meetup after a golf tournament or hike.We've never eaten here, just dropped in to imbibe.  The servers here are cute and friendly.  You'll frequently see a lot of bikers here, especially on the weekends.  We like to bring friends here to give them a feel for Arizona country drinking.Return Factor - 90%
5	We went down to Harold's for the Rodney Atkins concert on Saturday night and had an awesome time! They had all the big radio and beer vendors out there in the concert area, and the restaurant and bar area were jam packed but we didn't have to wait very long for food or drinks. There were probably a couple thousand people there for the concert, but they managed the crowd well in comparison to some big busy bars i've been in. We were able to meet the owner and his family, and they were more than gracious to us, very kind people and fun to talk to while we were enjoying the concert and afterward. I would definitely be there more often, but I live in Tempe, and thats a bit of a hike for me!
4	I liked this place.  First time there and has a huge dive feel to it.  Big place that has lots of space to view the games at.  It's a steelers bar so watch what you say.  Got the fried chicken and it was delish.  Definitely not fine dining but good dive food
5	We were visiting from California and had a GREAT time here! We had out kids along, and went to see the bull riding next door earlier in the evening.  After bull riding, we really wanted to get some dancing in, and hoped by some miracle we could bring our kids into Harold's, on a Friday night, after 10 pm.  Yep!!! No problem, as long as they are with their parents, they are allowed inside. The band was great, and we dancing the night away :) No cover charge to get in... Sweet. And, their pricing on food and drinks was very reasonable. (Large pizza for $11).We will definitely go back, when in the area!!
1	Single Women STAY AWAY... my friend was recently Ruffied there. (Friday 11/23/2012)  With a few friends, the bartender "bought" their first round for them.. noone handled her drink besides her... fortunately she was with good friends that took care of her and got her home while she got violently ill and lost all memory after drinking one full drink... clearly the bar tender was in on it.  Pathetic and evil, she is a single mom and rarely goes out at all.
3	Went here last Friday night with some friends for a drink and to listen to some music. I had heard this place was mostly for the country lovers but when I went they had a fun rock band that did cover songs. Lots of people dancing the night away until about 1pm (it's a slightly older crowd; 40's-50's from what I could see). Had a good time and drink prices were fair. Didn't try the food; maybe next time.
5	Great taco salad and BBQ sandwich. Never disappointed. Very cowboy feel to the place.
4	Great place for Sunday brunch. Blood Mary's very good.
5	Dinner and music for 4.  This place was packed.  The food is always great and our new waitress did a great job!  The band rocked the house as usual (Mogollon) and the people watching was top notch.  We come here several times a year and it is always worth the drive.
5	Casual bar atmosphere, good food reasonable prices, friendly helpful wait staff (Katie).Try the fish tacos, perhaps the best I've EVER had.  Great place, nice bar that tolerates kids well.
4	Always a good time and delicious breakfast at Harold's!  Fast and friendly service.  The Sunday buffet is well done and typical variety.  Absolutely love the french toast
5	Great staff great music
5	Morgan was great best breakfast in cave creek . Harolds is a lot of fun at night and always a good time
2	Why do I do this to myself- we had visitors so we had to do Harolds, crappy food, spotty serviceBut FUN!
4	We've been regulars at Harold's for 8 years and it's a FUN place - with great food. The atmosphere is old West... with a side of Pittsburgh Steelers! This is the largest Steelers bar in the country, and you know it the minute you walk in.Harold's has consistent food quality, and if you have special requests the staff always tries to be accommodating. Our favorites: Prime Rib, Salmon (blackened), awesome CHILI, good burgers and even my favorite spinach salad in town!The owner - Danny - is usually around and takes time to spend with the guests ... although we had the honor of him being in the kitchen the last time we were there... and my salmon was out of this world! There is an off track betting site for the ponies too - and win or lose - it can be light hearted fun or serious biz ... depending on the races going off. Yeah - I lost my Derby bets!If you are coming to the Phoenix area and want a taste of a small western town, HAROLD'S is it! Be prepared for a parking jam at peak hours ... so wear your boots because the hike to remote "hill" parking isn't for you city folks!
1	We had Mohther's Day dinner at Harold's because mom wanted a good chicken dinner with mashed potatoes.  Finally.......when our dinner arrived the chicken looked like what you would over nuke in a TV dinner!!!!!  The breast was like leather and the mashed potatoes tasted like what a dirty refrigerator smells like.  Husbands ribs were tough and over cooked (nuked).  Daughter had a chicken pollo and it had veg-all in it!!!  What gave this a star, were the rolls, they were terrific! Won't be back
4	First trip into Cave Creek, so after our failed attempt to eat across the lot, we figured that we needed to try the most famous place in this town. Again, not too busy on a Saturday afternoon and even better there were no motorcycles in the parking lot, which meant no bikers in the place. Very reasonable beer prices as my craft stout was only $3.50 and her domestic bottle came in at a buck less. Huge menu that covered almost every genre of food from pizza to burgers to italian, etc, but date went with the BBQ beef sandwich (not brisket because that wasn't available on a sandwich) and it was pretty good and standard, but the cole slaw didn't taste as good as it looked, not even salt and pepper could help. Much more success with the Philly Cheese Southwestern style sandwich that I ordered. Full of rib eye steak and onions and peppers and poblano peppers and pepperjack cheese, the sandwich had a small kick and the bread was toasted. The cheese was melted on top of all the steak, not folded in, but it was a very good sandwich for $9.99. I upgraded to the Sweet potato waffle fries and those were also good. So with a nice waitress and all that history going for it and good food, Harold's lived up to the hype and no bikers on this day made it even more pleasant.
4	This place is where you want to be on a Sunday morning with your biker buddies.  The breakfast buffet is hot when you arrive and the coffee flows as soon as you sit down.  My friends picked this spot for a breakfast stop during a morning motorcycle outing and it was great.  Piles of breakfast meats, excellent eggs benedict for a buffet and easily accessible for groups.  We walked in a dozen deep and the hostess didn't blink for a second. Plus I have to express my gratitude for hostess who know what they are doing.  Harolds crew is what moves this from a 3 to a 4 star.  When you can look at a huge group and grab menus with a smile and say, "right this way!"  There is nothing more gratifying to someone jumping off a bike and coming into the nice cool, confines of a restaurant.I am always shocked by restaurants that cater to the motorcyclist crowd who look at the size of our groups and get that look on their face automatically.  The crews I have ridden with are always respectful of our servers and always are in good spirits.  If you don't want people with money to burn, wanting to be in your establishment, then please put a sign up on the front door.  Thank you Harold's and I can't wait to see you for breakfast again.
5	I have been going to Harold's for years, but I went today and had the the best Shrimp Street Taco's I have ever had!  If you have not been to Harold's lately you need to go.  This place is absolutely amazing.  We are looking forward to the 4th of July celebration.  Check out their website at http://haroldscorral.com/ for the schedule.  Guaranteed to be a good time.....
3	Yee-haw!A group of us went to dinner on a friday night, but the place really wasn't that busy. We were seated right in front of the stage, so we got to see the line dancing and dance lessons up close. It was really neat to see, everyone was so enthusiastic about it.The service was mediocre. Our waitress, actually I don't think she even gave her name, was pretty young. She didn't seem like she really wanted to be there, and never really made appearances. So, we had to flag down some other servers. The food, also not the best. Everyone at the table ordered the fish fry, but I opted for the salmon salad. Kind of a mistake. The fish was burnt, very very burnt, and the salad was soggy from too much dressing. ick.We would come back for the atmosphere, and maybe drinks and a try their burgers.
5	The food is terrific but, most importantly, this is the biggest, greatest Pittsburgh Steelers bar in the country.  A biker bar located in the desert twenty minutes north of Scottsdale, they have live music as well.  Cave Creek, and Harold's especially, is definitely worth the short road-trip (twenty minutes tops) when visiting Scottsdale.
3	It was just ok for us. I was disappointed in my steak and lobster. The barbecue was weird, and the rolls were very hard. I liked the ambiance, the place has charm. I doubt we will bother diving out here again,  but it wasn't the worst.
5	Ive been going to Harold's for years but just signed up for Yelp. I felt I needed to give it a review.... This place is perfect for everything from a Sunday brunch after church, to a night out to dinner with the kids, to watching the game with the hubby. We've never had a bad experience. Love the steaks, burgers and salads. oh and the beer is always ice cold! The girl at the bar even stuffed a couple extra on ice for us!!!
5	Wow what a great experience, can't believe you can actually order all you can eat ribs. And not just any ribs, you can order beef or pork ribs. The beef ribs look like something the Flintstones would eat. The pork ribs are absolutely fabulous and it is all you can eat The beef ribs which of course is my favorite are the meatiest ribs I've ever had in my life if you go to the store and try to buy beef ribs they cut all the meat out luckily heralds cuts their own meat The ribs are great this service is great one of the ladies that was our server was also a part-time manager her name was Heather and Heather is absolutely amazing great personality cute as a button if I wasn't 30 years her senior I would have asked her out
4	Harold's Corral in Cave Creek, AZ , is a western style family restaurant with good food, reasonable prices, super large patios and lots of space for large and small groups.  This is one of the original Cave Creek "joints" with two big bars and the real deal cowboy/cowgirl vibe. It's the best and most authentic of the Cave Creek bars.The food is excellent, the servers are terrific and if you are a Pittsburg Steeler fan, you haven't lived 'til you've been to Harold's on game day.  Live music is a staple in the evenings and if you like to dance, then this is the place to be. I've  been going to Harold's since the mid 70's and it's one of my favorite restaurants anywhere. The old west decor and really cool bars make it a lot of fun to hang there. It's a great place to watch a ball game and it has a terrific, friendly staff.  My favorite bartender  is Ryann, a daytime bartender.  She's funny, fast & friendly with a great personality.  Check out Harold's, you won't be disappointed.  Russ C., Carefree, AZ.
4	Great place but I'm only giving 4 stars because the chicken sandwich I ate tasted weird. I'm not picky but it tasted like a bad piece of chicken.
4	Great decor, reliable service, good food.  We always go when in town. Great fun.
3	Sad to have to rate this as only 3 stars, but feel I'm being generous doing so. I'm easy to please as anyone can tell from reviewing my numerous 5 star reviews. I love trying new places and avoid chains as much as possible. .After a false start at eating here during our Phoenix visit a couple of years ago, had really wanted to try again. We moved to N. Phoenix earlier this month and had our daughter and her family visiting from CA.  Off the 7 of us went to have lunch at Harrold's and tour the Cave Creek/Carefree area. Arrived around 2 and we were immediately seated by the friendly hostess. Our waitress appeared right away. So far so good. While she didn't introduce herself, she did take our drink orders and returned with them in just a few minutes. She then took our food order and left to place it. All went well until the food arrived, brought by a different server. We received 5 meals, but had ordered 7. Several minutes went by until we were able to get our servers attention. Told her we were missing our granddaughters meal (think it was bowl of chile) and our grandsons cheeseburger. Got the chili right away, but no burger. Blamed it on the kitchen. Next time she came by, several minutes later,  she said they were "plating" it right now and it would be right out. At that point I ordered a second beer. At that time I did not realize getting it would take on a life of it's own. Several minutes later everyone was almost finished eating and still no burger. Managed to get her attention and she said "what, they didn't bring it"? Errrrr, no, that's why we brought it up. Off she went to check and again several minutes went by. Finally she brought his meal and mumbled a sorry comment. Fast forward 10 minutes or so and she brings us the bill. I casually mention that I didn't get my beer. She states that she was waiting on the bartender. My son-in-law Steve hands her his cc and off she goes. See her coming back a few minutes later and she suddenly detours over to the bar, where she tells the bartender something, who then grabs a beer and takes the top off. So I got my beer as she handed the check back to us and everyone was finished. Also, not once during the meal did she offer to refill our soda/iced tea glasses. My wife's tea glass sat empty for over 1/2 her meal. As I was finishing up my beer, Steve took his youngest to the bathroom. Saw her sitting at a table texting. Maybe it was her break time or maybe that explains the poor service we received. Also, never like having a server blame a problem on another employee. Ours blamed the kitchen, the "they", whoever "they" are and the bartender. By the way....the food was very good and plentiful. A good value for the price. I plan on trying Harrold's again as it looks like a cool place with a lot of character. I really want to be able to bring our out-of-state friends here. The food and the friendly hostess brought this review up from a 1-2 star rating.
4	Cool cowboy bar. Standard stop when in Carefree.
3	I appreciate the communication with the  owner that resulted in my review. I always feel that service is the most important thing in a restaurant business, even if the food isn't top notch, good service will keep people coming back. Again, I think this place had charm and we were both fans of the ambiance.
4	I go to Harolds a lot, and have been going for about a decade. It's a classic old time Cowboy bar, and at times can have the best ambiance in town. It is a huge place, and sometimes that makes it lose it's charm, especially since the depression. The inside is  a mixture of dance floor, stage, and a new bar with the original bar near the door. The menu is large and they have everything from steak to Mexican, to Italian. Personally I love the burgers and the Pulled Pork. They usually have a band playing on weekends, and a variety of a crowd. The outside patio is great, and the fireworks on the 4th are top notch. Great Breakfast too.....
4	My bf has been talking about this place for forever, and finally decided to take me :) Love it! Great food, great service and friendly people. What more could you ask for?!?! Oh, and for you uppity-types - its not at all a white tablecloth candlelight type of place... FYI...
1	It's a shame my experience sucked, but to be honest we didn't come during any events at the restaurant, and we came in a large group. Also I didn't choose to eat here; we were here for a celebration.No one sat us; we arranged tables ourselves outside. A waiter eventually came 10 minutes later to get our drink orders.Prices for the food are too high, especially since the quality is bad. I had the BBQ burger, and there was a dot of barbecue sauce imprinted in the bun, none on the burger. The sauteed onions sat in a pool of grease on top of the burger. The sweet potato waffle fries ($2 extra) were soaked in oil, so bad that it took 2-3 napkins just to soak up some of the grease off of one piece. I ate the burger because I was very hungry, but it wasn't any good. My friend ordered chicken fingers, and for $8 she got 4 measly-looking pieces. I don't know where all the good reviews are coming from. Maybe they have good bands play or good drinks that I don't know about; but the food is absolutely terrible.
4	Very good food and excellent entertainment!
4	I have always received great service and the food is always great as well.  I have attended large group functions as well as hanging out by myself.  A perfect destination for bikers as well as the huge Steeler fan base!  Great people and a great place.  Greeted always at the door mostly by Amanda who checks on us whenever she walks by.  Other staffers are always helping out each other.Great place.
2	We go here frequently for the Sunday brunch. The gals at the hostess station are always confused and make such a big deal about seating & there are usually tons of open seats!!  Amazing!  We always do the self serve buffet & only need coffee & plates. You would think the seating would be a breeze, but there is a wait no matter how many people are there. You really need to train those girls. They are the first people that patrons have to see & need some customer service training and need some help!  The food is always good. The place really needs some help and needs to step up the service!!!
4	My dad lives in Cave Creek and we always stop here for a couple meals.  I haven't had any bad food and have enjoyed my experience.  It does get busy, which isn't a surprise - its a fun place.  This definitely isn't a fancy place but if you want some good simple food, this is a great place.Too bad it is a Steelers bar though.  They're the worst fans after Packer fans.
3	I had the shrimp tacos and they were pretty good.    My friend ordered a Purple Haze brew infused with raspberries and it was amazing!  I enjoyed a fresh iced tea and the amazing scenery off the patio.  You can't beat the location and desert landscape.  However, I thought the service kind of blew-- it was slow but felt rushed when she stopped at our table.  Maybe they had too many tables per server.  Prices were pretty high but we both did like our selections.   I'm not a beef eater, so maybe if I was ordering their specialties, I would  have hit a winner.  It's a checkerboard table kind of place with a touristy vibe and price tag.
3	My 3-star rating is based on our group dining experience, not the bar experience, which looks quite entertaining and would probably deserve at least 4 stars if we were here for a night of drinking and dancing. However, we were here for dinner so that's what my review is based on. Someone ordered chicken wings & drums as an appetizer and the 4 people in my group who ate them said they were among the best they had ever had. 3 people in our group complained that their drinks tasted watered down. I ordered wine, which was a couple dollars more than it should have been. Usually a $6 bottle of wine should run about $5-$6 a glass. There were 6 in our party and our server did a great job meeting our drink needs. Of the 6 diners, we ordered 5 different entrees, all of which we agreed were luke warm and bland. 2 people did not appreciate the chicken fried steak. One ordered the salmon salad and said it was okay. The server was apologetic about the items weren't fond of and was eager to please. She took my order off of the bill without my asking because I wasn't able to eat it and she wanted to bring something else. I declined since there wasn't anything else that I wanted. Note: I am a vegetarian and while there are a couple vegetarian options, the ones I have ordered here in the past have been very unappealing. Pros:Live country musicDance floorIndoor/outdoor seating & barsServiceCons: Mediocre food (Even for you carnivores) Watered down mixed drinksCountry music (I'm just not a fan)Tip: Come ready to party in the evening or watch a game in the afternoon, but don't order food until you've had a few drinks and need to soak up some alcohol.
4	Harold's Corral in Cave Creek gets 4 stars just for being a Steeler's Nation Bar... All you Black and Gold fans dont miss this restauant and Steeler's museum.of pictures of the Steeler greats. Plenty of Pittsburgh memoriabilia. Harold is from the Burgh and treats his fellow hometown customers with class. The only draw back is the the food could be better. Its ok but could be better. Stop in and have an Iron City Light and ask for Harold.... Plenty of room with multiple bars and a large wrap around porch. Check out the sign on the roof of the restaurant ... " Heinz Field West" ... Here We Go Steelers... Here We Go !   :-)
1	Been here many times and it's always the same. Slow, confused service. I only go back because other Cave Creek bars aren't much better. Now with Oregano's opening I don't see myself coming back to Harold's anytime soon.
5	My wife and I went in for a late lunch. She had a spinach salad and I had a Cobb salad. Not something most people would order on this type of place. Both were fresh, cold, sizable and very good tasting. Our waitress was excellent. We look forward to going back very soon.
2	I wish I could give this place a better rating...mostly because of the statue of Willie Nelson sitting on the bar smoking a J. Alas, Harold's, it was not to be.I've been here a few times with a smaller crowd, but this past Saturday I brought family of 12 visiting from out of town on the way to a day at Bartlett Lake. Nearly everything that could go wrong did. For starters, it turned out that they were having a Kentucky Derby viewing party that day. At the door, a startled hostess first told they couldn't accommodate a group my size with out a reservation, but they eventually found a place for us in the dining room. Apparently, outside of their Derby party, everything else was an afterthought. Service wasn't unbearably slow, but we would've liked to see our waitress more often. We would have also liked her to listen more closely, because: I ordered fried chicken-I got chicken fried steak, 1 burger missing cheese, all burgers not cooked to doneness requested, several orders of sweet potato fries missing (even though we were still charged for the upgrade), several of us ordered the BBQ platter, only to be told 10 minutes later that it was too early in the day and they didn't have any cooked yet, we were charged 18% gratuity even on the items that were then removed from the bill (like the chicken fried steak). The runner that brought my food out also rolled his eyes at me when I informed him that I had not ordered the chicken fried steak. Great service, dude. Will I ever go here again? Maybe if it's just me and 1-2 friends and we're ordering steaks at the bar. More than likely, though, I'll be heading next door to the buffalo chip.
5	Mindy Harris was amazing Friday night. Sings Miranda Lambert as well as Miranda herself. Harrolds ALWAYS get the best bands in Arizona to play there. Young Country, Mogollon, Crown King, and now I would add Mindy Harris to the list. LOVE THIS PLACE!P. S. Unfortunately Young Country has joined Mogollon in believing the louder the music the better:-( Management should ask BOTH bands to turn it down.
5	Outstanding food and service. Relaxed family atmosphere... Doesn't matter if it's lunch, dinner, or the Sunday Buffet...always great! Hats off to Danny, he runs a great place.
4	Went here last week Friday to try their Fish Fry......I am impressed and happy and will return. Hard to find a "Great" Fish Fry and this is a spot to not miss. Also, enjoy the live entertainment...and the opportunity to learn how to line dance.
4	Great good.  Steak salad came with fries on top.  I got them on side.   Should have let them serve as on menus.  DELISH.
5	Dive bar with the fam could not have been better! Soooo much food! Be prepared for big portions and share! Great place to hang out for a while so make dinner and event and order a few items eat them (if you can!) then order more!
4	Went on a Sunday afternoon. The place was semi-full. I loved looking at the cowboy boots that graced the rafters. The place is very spacious. I can only image how the weekends look when there's a band playing. I couldn't decide on the Ruben, Philly cheese steak, or beef brisket... Finally, I chose the brisket, salad, and loaded baked potato. My goodness, it was a lot of food! The brisket was so tender, I cut it with my fork. I didn't get to sample the rolls because the waitress (very friendly) forgot to bring them to the table until after I had thrown in the towel. No worries tho... when I left here my stomach was sitting in my lap! You will definitely crave a toothpick after eating here!!! I know that it's a drive, but I'd go back! ;-)
2	Tacos were good but pricey for what you get. Service was friendly but slow and not attentive to our needs.  With other restaurants in area, there is little incentive to return.
4	Best ribs so far on this USA trip. Potato fries were not for me but Deb loved them. Her fries are always covered in tomato sauce so I really don't know how she can tell one style from another anyway. Twice fried perhaps where I'd like them less oil and more potato flavor going on.Waiter was super friendly. The sheriff was eating here with his deputy. Must be good.Deb had baked cheesecake that was loaded with cherries. Waiter told us it was so you'd get one cherry for each mouthful of cheesecake. Deb was a very happy girl.
2	Went here mid-afternoon when it wasn't too busy.  The server was really nice and the place has a great country western atmosphere.  Drink specials were very good, but the food was AWFUL.  Ordered fried zucchini and mushrooms and they were burned beyond recognition and cold.  Completely inedible - we had to return them. Pasta sauce was worse than what you'd get from a can.  I'd still recommend it as a good place for drinks and entertainment but do yourself a favor, and have dinner first!
4	Waiting for our prime rib specials.  Nice crowd, the game on tv, Josh taking good care of us.  Yee-ha, Harold's!
5	Went here with some friends while we were in the area for a girl's trip. We went on a Friday night and there was a live band that was awesome! The drink prices were reasonable (even for a Saturday night!) and we had more fun than I can even explain in a post! It was a corral feeling, which fits the area perfectly. There was a lively crowd there that just added to the enjoyable experience. I will DEFINITELY be back!
4	Tried this place last night and the food was good. I had the stuffed breadsticks and they were awesome.You could tell the dough was homemade. I also ordered a Acai- Mango Mojito, Wasnt the best, lacked flavor.
2	This place is dying. Shot specials at 5.75 a shot? Im from pit and will never come back here. Place is crazy expensive and was not busy. Better off at applebees
5	I'm pretty sure this was the best breakfast I've ever hAd! Happy Labor Day to me! Great place to sit outside and beautiful views! Love the cheese steak and the wagon wheel breakfast! Can't wait to come again!
2	Food is ok.  Alcohol is way more expensive than The Chip.   The quality has crashed.  They put on a good show though - a few weeks ago we got to see one doorman toss his coworker across the bar.  They were fighting over who got to toss some guy out.  What a bunch of clowns!
4	We were trying to order dinner when a waiter came to the next table to announce someone's birthday. My ears were still ringing 5 minutes later. I could not concentrate on what I was trying to order. The waitress apologised. The food was just average - nothing special. We ordered a starter of onion rings and had 5 between 2 of us.
4	This review is from a visit last January, during the week.  Took an out of town guest here for a beer because she was staying nearby.  Was ready to have to settle for a mediocre domestic beer or common import, but was shocked to find an incredible list of craft beers, including... Chimay on tap!!  This place rocks for beer.  There was also a (loud) band playing inside.  The food was mediocre, and service was mediocre but the beer alone earns it four stars!!  Be prepared to pull out your wallet for a good beer, however -  quality is not cheap!  Update - went again and this time it was karaoke night.  I don't really care for karaoke but the people were really friendly and so into it, so we stuck around for a few beers!
2	Went for another try at Sunday Brunch. First of all the food is great. Never had an issue with the food. With that being said, the service continues to be mediocre to poor. The front hostess continue to be confused by the little map they use to seat us & have a hard time figuring it out. We told her where we wanted to be seated & sat down. After waiting at least ten minutes for service and watching the servers huddled talking and laughing in front of kitchen I had to get up go get the hostess & ask for our server. Amanda. Mind you all we want is a cup of coffee & our plates to go through the buffet. They tend to hold the plates hostage here!Very annoying to say the least. Again the food is great & that keeps us coming back. We have resolved ourselves that the service will be bad and the seating slow. But will return for the great buffet. We were there at 8:30 this morning. Not crowded. During our meal we saw four servers yakking it up on the ramp where patrons have to pass by. They were oblivious to what was going on around them. We even took a pic of them but won't post it because we are sure they would be embarrassed. Not because the boss would care. We also had to wait to pay our bill while our server sat with other servers at a nearby table and ate breakfast!
2	I've come here for dinner before and when the bike rallys are going on and usually love this place but today we came for Sunday brunch and will rethink coming back. We were seated quickly and the server took the order right away but 3 people with us had the buffet and after their first plate they finally got tired of waiting for the waitress and went back for seconds with their dirty plate. When I got my food I ordered a bowl of chili it was burnt the cheese was so hard I couldn't mix it in and had to cut it with a knife. When I finally got to ask for a refill of my drink I got a glass that had to be the end of the bag and I didn't get to ask for another glass cause she didn't stop long enough for me too. Then she brings us the check and seems to get upset when we ask for seperate checks... We had to tell her what when on each check and when we told her what was in my husband's and mines order she says she has the other orders so she could figure ours out. Defiantly will not be back here anytime soon.
1	I have been to Harold's many times over the years for breakfast with my motorcycle chapter. Last Sunday we had a reservation for 20 and called them when we were half an hour out to reconfirm and let them know we were on our way. We got there, the place was only semi-full and we were seated and then? ...15 minutes after arrival still no water or coffee offered. After 20 minutes of trying to get the attention of a waiter, half the group got up and walked out heading down the road for breakfast. After half an hour we were finally having our orders taken and all meals but one came 20 minutes later. After asking on 3 occasions as to the status of the missing meal that arrived after everyone else was finished eating. When we ordered we all ordered indicating separate or together but with only 10 of us we were amazed that it took another 30 minutes to get the bill. When the check came the waiter indicated it was one bill for the table and that was policy. So now we're up at the cash register for 15 minutes trying to sort that out and a day later finding that my credit card that I handed over for a $14 bill is charged $28. To top it all off, I had a voice mail on my cell phone from Harold's at 9.45am  inquiring if we were still planning on coming for our 8.45am reservation. I love the ride up to Cave Creek but quite frankly Harold's has some serious issues that they need to work on. I won't be returning anytime soon as there are too many good options in Cave Creek that have their act together.
4	Great service and a really good breakfast! Super cute country bar & restaurant. Love the decorations for Christmas and all the western decor! They teach line dancing twice a week. Definitely recommend checking out Harold's while in Cave Creek.
3	Not worth the trip.  Barely worth stopping if you are passing by and hungry.Harold's Corral is a large vaguely western-themed eatery with a clean but cavernous main restaurant and patio seating made less enjoyable by the adjacent very dusty parking lot.  The food is standard western fare.  For lunch I had a burger and my wife had a beef BBQ sandwich.  They were okay - maybe the burger was a little better than average, but the less than crisp fries made up for it.  Prices are pretty high for a burger joint and this ain't no fine dining restaurant.  Three stars says it perfectly.
3	The Sunday brunch is good but not great, the place is a great steelers baron Sunday's
1	Very disappointed by management at this place. We came to watch the biggest NFL game of the week (Flex game), and called two days ahead to get ONE single TV To show this game. They gave us a reservation, promised they would show the game. When we showed up they refused to show it and said without a hint of remorse, "sorry for the inconvenience." They were rude and didn't care in the slightest. The food, which I had the misfortune of trying on another occasion, will never be good enough to make me go back to that almost-clean bar for a game. If you like jerks, you'll like this place.
3	Not really sure what's going on here, this is my regular go to place, and though the prices have increased since my last visit in August. in my opinion the quality of the food has gone down from what it used to be.Tonight was all the pasta you could eat, and though the initial order was quick, hot, and perfectly cooked, the reorder took more than 20 minutes. I felt bad for the bartender because she checked several times with the kitchen, and kept apologizing, and it's not as if they were overly busy. Therefore the kitchen folk need to get with the program, or consider applying with McDonalds when they open this coming summer.
5	Great fun. Great food. Best food in cave creek. Ask any local. I bring lots of visitors to Harold's and they all love the food and experience. Amanda the manager is  . Very nice and accommodating.  Real sweetheart
3	The service was awful. We came in with 7 people and it took us almost 2 hours to order, get our food and eat. The worst part was that if they were busy I would want understand but they weren't. I am giving 3 stars as most liked the food but the fries were cold and stale. I will not return anytime soon if at all
4	One down side, the air conditioning was set way too low. Have a cardi with you. Bon appetite!
