5	I love love my hair, thanks to Gwen she is amazing! Her studio is very clean, comfortable and private. I had such a great experience, nice and relaxing. The massage she gives during your shampoo was the best I have ever had.  I will definitely be back
1	Gwen put a few feathers in my hair that stayed in for about 3 weeks. She also used a white bead, and I have dark brown hair. WTF? Am I supposed to tell you how to do your job? When I tried to make another appt with her she was too busy, couldn't be bothered.
2	I got a deal for Gwen through HouseSeats.com, free haircut and style. I'm a full time student right now, so why not? I went to the salon, which was pretty neat, I've never seen anything like it but it's smart.... each cosmetologist has their own little room with a door so it's quite private. It's like they each have their own 1 room business. Her room is cutely decorated, but unorganized. She has stuff all over the place, I always like when hair stylists have all their cute little baskets of products... But everything was everywhere.When I arrived Gwen had a client in the chair, which is fine. I alerted her that I was there and waited on the chairs outside her room. Little did I know I'd be waiting for nearly an hour past my appointment time! LATER to find out that I waited an hour for her DAUGHTER. New clients should be first priority over your daughter, didn't make any sense to me.After her daughter was finished, she (hardly) cleaned up the room.  There was purple hair all over the floor, and on the chair that she asked me to sit on. I sat and she asked me what I wanted done.. I told her I was there for the haircut and I wanted to know what she would charge for highlights... Her daughter stayed for a bit and they continued to chat and she sat me down and started to wash my hair..... There went my chance of getting the highlights done that I was hoping to have done. (From a free haircut, wouldn't you want to convert something you're going to make money on??) She finally quoted me towards the end of my appointment, useless information for the time being.During the appointment she asked me where I was from, where I lived, etc. As soon as she found out my family lived in town, she awkwardly said "so if you like it you'll tell your mom to come too?" which I was caught off guard by. I just feel like if you're confident and you do well, at the end of the appointment you can give me a few business cards and ask me to spread the word. But that's just me.... On top of that, one of the first things she said to me was that there weren't any good hairdressers in Las Vegas.... Which is 100% false information, nice try... Her next client showed up before she even started to blow dry my hair... The classic trickle-down effect... My appointment was an hour behind schedule, and now her next client  (who was also a new client bc she introduced herself) was probably 30-45 minutes behind schedule as well. She wouldn't have had time to do my highlights in the first place! The haircut was fine, it didn't blow my mind, especially because my roots are just as disgusting as when I went in to see her. I considered going back to get my highlights done with her, but honestly, she doesn't respect peoples time and after contemplating the entire episode I decided I would rather give somebody else a chance... Someone with better time management and communication/listening skills. Sorry Gwen.... Maybe this will help you see from the eyes of a new client.
4	I had a free introduction hair cut from Gwen from House Seats and was very pleased with the hair cut and style.She made me feel at home and I received compliments from friends the same day on my hair cut..Will go back again
5	I found Gwen through house seats and went in for a cut.  I have long, thick, wavy hair and as always was looking for advice as to how to cut it to make it more manageable and to give it some sort of style.  She NAILED IT! I love my new hair "style" I actually have a style now instead of a big mound of hair!!She cut, blowed and styled my hair for me and at the end of my apt she gave me a big hug.  I returned for highlights to brighten my locks for the spring and explained that I had a big interview with a Casino coming up and Gwen took her time to get it perfect before letting me walk out of her salon. She went as far as to send me a text that night wishing me luck for my interview!   She definately goes the extra mile to make sure you look and I feel like she really cares.  Thank you Gwen!!
4	I felt like I had a good experience with Gwen.  She was friendly and easy to talk to.  Her salon is a private room above Hooters/Grimaldis which was nice having her undivided attention. My hair was a mess and I told her my hopes for my haircut. I also mentioned I was considering highlights and she said she could book me an appointment at a later date, then she offered to do it now, which I gladly accepted the offer. I loved the cut she gave me and the highlights really helped brighten up my look. She even checked on me a few days later to make sure I was happy with my hair. She told me she has flexible hours if you work odd shifts or days. I will go back.
5	Gwen is AMAZING!  Before I met Gwen I had long hair that had never been colored and only saw shears once a year.  After my first hair cut and color with Gwen I was hooked!!  She completely re-did my look... Every time I leave I feel like a sexy fox!  Beautiful red curls!When you meet with Gwen don't expect to be in and out quickly.  Gwen takes her time and it shows!  Worth it! My mom now flys in from NC to get her hair cut by Gwen.  We are hooked.
4	Yesterday was my wash-cut-style with Gwen: she's delightful and bubbly, a great and chatty personality. I haven't touched up my color since I was in Texas with my original colorist and I'm always hesitant to let a new person do anything other than a simple cut. But my head was starting to look pretty shabby.Gwen quoted me $50 to touch up color, then advised adding lowlights to offset the color a little more favorably. With tip, I was comfortable spending $80 to finally look like my old self again.She took her time on all steps of my transformation and was happy to provide bottled water, advice on events and businesses to check out as a newbie in Vegas, and had two regulars while I was finishing up- they are clearly dedicated to her services and she maintains excellent bonds with her clients.I am happy with my color (and with the cost!), and now also have show, restaurant, and gym recommendations aplenty- a very worthwhile stop to both fix my mane and get clued in to social life in the valley.Side note: as others have stated, Gwen seems to pack in the appointments and she was right on time up until I added on the color treatment. But I'm happy to report that she made sure everyone was satisfied before letting them go, and seemed to be a pro at juggling her clients while ensuring each got the attention and service they came in for.
5	I love this place! I've lived in Vegas for a little over 2 years now and have gone to more than a few hair stylist and  never really been very happy with their work on my hair until I met Gwen. She does such an awesome job! The first time I went to her, she actually had to fix the color of my hair since I used a boxed color at home. And the result was amazing! Once again, after about 4 months today, I've grown a natural ombre and she gave me a color and highlights that I love love love! Her salon is small in the salon studios but I don't care because my hair always turns out so great! She's funny too and has an upbeat personality so it's always a pleasure to sit on her chair! I love that she follows up too! Go see her! I promise she wont disappoint you!
5	Got a wash, cut and style from Gwen as recommended from a friend. Loved the cut and now back for color. Great personality, we hit it rite off;)
5	Joanie gave my daughter an awesome hair cut and style,  She is personable and very talented,
1	Rude, unprofessional, and just creepy. Came in for an appointment and "Gwen" couldn't be bothered. As I sat waiting for my hair service, I was ignored, not greeted and twenty minutes after my appointment time, was told she couldn't service me and was too busy. I suggested a new appointment, but she said she was too busy to even make a new appointment. Needless to say, I was dumbfounded at this unprofessionalism. Just so rude and weird! Later in the day,  I spoke to a former client of this woman, and was happy that I DIDNT get my hair done by Gwen. This past client said Gwen DESTROYED her hair with using low grade hair color products. Keep in mind, this salon is a solo owner in one of those cubicle places she rents out so she doesn't have to work for or with anyone. There's a reason this woman does not work in a true, well known, salon. She doesn't understand business or customer service. Soooooo glad to NOT be her client. Buyer beware.
