2	Uggghhh.  The location's convenient, but it's a pretty nasty urban gas station.  There's always trash in the lot, and it's a terrible layout.  (Half the lot isn't used at all, and there's frequently congestion at the pumps and/or all the parking spaces are taken.  Giant Eagle flushes money down the toilet because they won't put money into a major renovation of this place.)The clerks are extremely friendly 50% of the time and really mean and grumpy 50% of the time.  I'd much rather have polite and efficient, but not necessarily friendly, 100% of the time.This is a Get Go-wide problem: these guys have the SLOWEST GASOLINE PUMPS in the world.  Seriously.  It takes me at least twice as long to get gas at Get Go than it does at other gas stations.  The computer takes forever to process inputs (card swipes, credit/debit?, car wash?, etc.), and they pump gas about 2/3 as fast as other stations.  This partly explains the lines at Get Go stations.  I've even taken to hitting a less-convenient but similarly priced BP near work just because it's much easier to get in and out.  (Because let's be honest: getting gas is not a "fun" thing to do.  Unless you're at a Wawa or a QT.  Why won't Wawa cross the mountains and come to Pittsburgh?)
2	When I lived in LV I used to frequent this place pretty often. It's a pretty decent location except for the panhandler who always asks me for change on my way inside and out.
3	Get your gas and munchies here!
1	Rude, ignorant, and demeaning employees in the store. The ginger guy Jason is the worst of them all. He talks down to women especially my wife after she placed an order the other day. I finally had to jump in and say something to him. He said this is my store and to get out. He made a scene in front of others. Will never go back there. The lot is hard to get in and out of especially when you need to make the left up 40th street.  Always long lines in the store and at the pumps. Hope changes come soon or this place is going to be a pr problem for the company if it continues this way
2	This place is the worst.  If you live in Lawrenceville, though, it's one of your best options for gas and quick treats.  And as far as I know, one of the only places that's open 24 hours (come on, who wants to open a late-night diner in L-ville with me??!!!).The gas pumps - only 4 of them.  It really doesn't matter what time of day you go, you'll always be waiting for one.  And there is no discernible system for waiting, either, it's every man, woman, and child for themselves. Do you need a receipt? Forget it - the printer isn't working.You will wait inside, too. This GetGo is teeny-tiny, and has the most basic items.  The only items I ever get are donuts and/or Ben & Jerry's. Half of the time they are out of donuts (big surprise).  Items are fairly marked up here, so this truly is just a place you'll purchase items out of sheer desperation.The RedBox is almost always broken (not GetGo's fault), another possible redeeming quality gone to sh*t.It's open 24 hours, and offers free air to fill up your tires, so there's that.  The employees must be sent from heaven, as they are typically pretty friendly.  Idk how, b/c this place embodies the definition of clusterf*ck.  I go here, but I hate it every time and have to restrain myself (most of the time), from screaming at the top of my lungs. I try to keep it to only swearing under my breath!
