3	Other than flag burning I'm not sure you could do anything more unAmerican than shopping here. 90% of the products are direct from China, 7% probably come from India and if you're lucky you might find that 3% of the items are produced in the USA, but that's probably a stretch. So, if you can get over being a commie you'll realise that the absolute only reason to come here is to get some CHEAP tools. Sometimes I wonder why they even bother putting a price tag on the crap it's so cheap. But of course like anything in life you get what you pay for. Most of the tools here are garbage. You literally buy these products knowing good and well that they are disposable. So why on earth would I ever come here, I know it's not for the superior customer service or quality products, its the price. Did I mention yet that this place sells really cheap tools? Okay, yeah, they're cheap but make sure that you don't ever buy anything unless it's on sale. On any given day about 1/3 of the store is on sale and if what you're looking for isn't on sale chances are good that in two weeks it will be on sale. Obviously I don't buy all of my tools here. Using cheap ratchets, screw drivers and other hand tools that require tight tolerances is no fun. I stay away from these sorts of things....but if you want a recip saw for $17 or an angle grinder for $9 this is your place. They also have a great selection of stuff that you never knew that you needed until you saw it on sale. It's a great place to pick up tarps, tie downs, trailer accessories and other things that Home Depot will screw you on.
4	this is a good place to get tools that don't cost a fortune. the quality isn't the best but thats what you give up for price. if you need a tool for a specific job or one you'll only use infrequently then this is a great place. for those that use their tools on a daily or for work, you know where you need to shop. that other review saying how unAmerican it is to shop here and that you should just go burn an American flag is just stupid.
4	This place has some tools, they may not be the best in the west, but for the price, you can pick up just about anything at bargain prices.   One of the best places to find  items, that you might not think of in terms the usual places to purchase these things.  Like magnifying lamps, I bought two for the office and use them daily, best thing I could have bought for $30 each.  Most sell for way more than this.  I have also found some rulers and other items I use for crafty work and at prices way below the craft stores or catalogs.  So sign up for their mailing list, and go in from time to time and check out their bargain prices.
4	LED Flashlights. This is THE PLACE to get them, especially with the 20% off coupons that float around. Also if you're in need of specialty car and crafting tools and don't want to pay out the nose for them this is where you go. Case in point: Brake tools. I bought a 3 piece set for $11 here, Autozone and PepBoys across the parking lot wanted double that for their tools and they only had 2 tools in their set. Another example: You can pick up a starter airbrush for dirt cheap to practice with until you get good and decide it's time to go with pro gear. Harbor Freight is one of my main Burning Man supply points as they have everything from Arbor Presses to powder coating guns to Dremel bits and Sawzall blades for cheap. Tarps, rope, you name it, chances are they have it. I've bought from Harbor Freight for years, the secret is to go online and read the reviews on the specialty tools to know if you're getting a good deal or not. Chances are it's a good deal though. And their air tools have been a godsend! 4 Strong Stars. My debit card knows this place a little too well. Sign up for their special offers and coupons and check your weekly mail ad inserts as that's where I get my 20% off coupons. They also have a program you can sign up for and get special deals, invites to sidewalk sales and other perks but even without that you can still save serious cash shopping here.
4	Have you ever had a project at home and you need a tool you don't have to complete it?  Do you go to a hardware store and find that one tool you will most likely use for just project and it's kind of expensive?  I have run into this situation many times.  Then Harbor Freight Tools comes to rescue like a caped crusader.  The tools are cheap.  Most likely your aren't a contractor that is doing jobs daily.  This is place to get that one tool that might break after a few used but you got the job done.  They always send the flyer in the mail if you request and then you start building a wish list.  I even have some tools that I was sure would break for years now.  So, if you need a tool at a good price for a single job then check this place out.  Cheers!
4	This store is located on E. Sunset Rd . Just east of Pecos  behind Autozone and right next to Bedrosians Tile.Plenty of parking so no problem.The place has about every nick nack tool and oddball housing item you can imagine. Mostly cheaper import stuff but if its for ocaassional use, its a deal and usually works pretty good.Customer service is really poor. They are always understaffed and if you're wanting information or specs on the items they sell, dont hold your breath. Whatever is on the box or in the ad is it. They arent trained on the items they're either stockers or cashiers.  I'm not complaining because you do get exactly what you pay for.They always have online coupons and in various car magazines and similar. You can get free items and coupons up to 20% off.Recommended for all kinds of things around the house for men and women. Go in look around and you will find something you want and it will be a deal.
3	They sell all sorts of tools here. You just have to know your stuff. Sometimes you can get a great deal, like the General series tool boxes, or the car jacks.. other times your buying on the cheap and after a couple of uses your tools just stop working. A lot of tools here don't have the lifetime warranty like with craftsman, snapon, and kobalt. I like to do a lot of home projects and work on my jeep and I just prefer to have tools I know I can rely on.
4	Harbor Freight is a great place to buy tools. They have a very diverse selection and tons of specialty tools you will not find at Home Depot or Lowes. From floor jacks to welders, power tools to towing accessories and everything in between, you'll find what you're looking for. The only drawback is most of their products are made in China. While this does provide you with far better prices compared to Snap-On or SK Tools, sometimes the reduced quality isn't worth paying the lower price. I own a lot of HF tools but there are key pieces in my garage that need to be of a higher quality. Their customer service is great and any issues I've had with their products were resolved quickly with no problems.
4	Good stuff at great prices. Bought a metal work bench. 48 x 24. Two strudy draws.  Would have liked their wood work bench but it was too large. I had them place it in my trunk but it was so heavy that I had to break open the box and remove it piece by piece.  The instructions were poor at best...just study it before and during assembly.  It took me 2 hours a day for 4 days. Only worked on it in the early morning in the garage. Harbor Freight has a lot of good stuff at very reasonable price. Join their club and get additional discounts.  I had a news paper coupon and got a 20% discount on top of the special sales price.
4	Very friendly, great customer service and you can't beat the prices.
3	And so another tool store for my husband to shop at!We stopped in for something minor.  Thanks to the harbor freight coupons we've received in the mail, we walked out with more than expected.  They often send out coupons for free items.  Some of these items aren't great quality but hey,.. It's free! The store is smaller than that home improvement stores but they have tools for just about any small project around the house.  Their prices are great comparatively.  As stated before, the quality of some items aren't great but they do offer warranties on many of the small power tools.   Service here is ok but nothing over the top.  Huge parking area that sits directly under the inbound flight paths.  Next time when my husband needs to come here, I can watch the planes!
5	This was my first time at the store. The guys working here were very nice and helpful when answering my questions. It was not like some bigger hardware stores where it takes forever to find a sales person to help you. There was a pretty long line with people making several item purchases when another man working there noticed the line and opened his register. I think the price on sanding blocks and chip brushes are the best in town! They have so many great items at reasonable prices I had to leave before I spent a fortune!! I will be back soon!
