1	Walking into this place, I had high hopes for what I'd find inside.  It's got a nice sound system, lighting is nice and the decor is beyond what I had expected. The issue with this place is that it's clearly owned by people who have not spent much time in a nightclub.  First, if you're going to buy bottles, there should be no cover charge.  Second, if you're asking about bottles at the door, there should be at least 2 hosts (and the owner if it's as slow as it was that night) greeting you and asking how they can help.  The drinks are under poured, the cups and under sized and I was less than impressed with the clientele.  If you want people to spend lots of money in your club, then you need to dress the part.  Sadly, this place isn't going to survive . . .
1	If Tom Haverford from Parks and Recreation conceived a nightclub, then put JP from Grandma's Boy in charge of managing it, then told Ralph Nader to pick the location, you might end up with something similar to A Plus VIP Lounge.When my three friends and I went to this place on a weeknight shortly after the grand opening, we found one doorman in a tuxedo, two cocktail waitresses in knock-off Playboy Bunny outfits, two female bartenders who looked like they just walked out of an electrical-engineering study group, and two apparent owners, who lurked in the shadows like unfriendly cats during a house party.We sat on a pair of couches, but were soon informed that we had wandered into the VIP area, where no mere peasants such as we doth set our field-worn feet. However, because we were literally the only customers in the place, the waitress let us stay in the VIP area, despite the fact that we were not, in any true sense of the word, very important persons.I take this opportunity to point out the photos accompanying this Yelp page, which depict the typical crowds at A Plus VIP Lounge. Anyway, we ordered the cheapest drinks on the menu: $5 Budweiser bottles. The waitress returned with our individual bills. No Budweisers.  "What is the meaning of this malfeasance?!" I shouted in my most very important voice. The waitress explained that, because some patrons might consume their drinks and leave without paying, the owners chose to require payment prior to delivery of the drinks. It was brilliant. Leave it to the Chinese to solve the problem that's perplexed bar and restaurant owners since the dawn of time. "That will be five dollars please, plus tip of course, then you'll get your Budweiser.""Curse your tyrannical practices!" I declared to the cocktail waitress, "You shant command of me a tax to which I doth not consent!" My pay-in-advance drink bill remained on the table, untouched. I did not feel very important. Approximately 10 minutes after my friends paid for their beers, one of the owners came through the front door with a 12-pack of Budweiser, luke warm from the bodega liquor store a block away. At that point it occurred to me. This lounge must have cheated to earn its A+, because it was entirely unsuitable for persons of very much importance.
5	Well, I should say FINALLY THERE'S A TRUE NIGHTCLUB!!! Fantastic decoration, stunning sound system, hot waitress (which I think very important!!!) And of course all kinds of drinks. Price used to be a bit high(but worth it personally speaking), but I've just heard that they adjusted the price(AWWWSOME!!) I definitely need to go check the wine list myself! Maybe you should, too. One more thing to say, I have read other comments below and here's my thoughts: Walking into VIP zone or fled with unpayed bill, that's not the club's fault I guess? Let you stay the VIP zone is just been nice and charge before serve is just being cautious as far as I can tell. Anyway, check it out urself and prove whether I'm right or wrong!
5	Had a bit doubt when I heard it the first time. Just have checked it out last weekend and guess what, I LOVE IT! THE MUSIC IS BEYOND AWSOME!!! I used to have the thought of open a bar like this. Since there aren't any premium or high-class club here at CU. Shame it's still a thought to me but someone else make it real. This is my first comment, usually I'm too lazy to leave any but not this one! I'm telling u I'll seek for job there, maybe u will see me working there next time you go to A plus! At least I could be part of this club? l don't know lol
1	April 2, 2014 - Ben B. gives A Plus VIP Lounge a 1-star review.April 3, 2014 - Evan B. gives A Plus VIP Lounge a 1-star review.April 6, 2014 - Four first-time Yelpers give A Plus VIP Lounge four separate 5-star reviews.Three out of the four mentioned that the drink prices have been lowered. Three out of the four mentioned the "hot" dancers/ waitresses.Two out of the four mentioned the nice "decorations" (WTF?)If you think those 5-star reviews are genuine, I have some ocean-front property in Nebraska that I'd like to talk with you about.
1	@ Evan B and Ben B.  Does it surprise you that all 4 first time reviewers appear to be Chinese and the joint appears to be owned by a Chinese?
