4	My friend had Never been on a Hayride so I took advantage of the Groupon deal 2 for $15 Spooky Western Hayride.We did get lost going out there, arrived almost at the last minute but made the last ride of the night.She totally enjoyed her first hayride ever.  For adults, it's not very scary but I didn't hesitate to recommend it to a few friends that have children 5 and under.  It's spooky enough at night for them I thought.  The campground firepit was nice to sit around. There are livestock animals making farm noises.The staff was awesome.
4	Amazing experience!Don and I did the Jesse James Sunset Steak Dinner Ride here after purchasing Groupons a while back. We met up at about 5 or 6pm. It's kind of confusing when you get to the location because it's just an open field and there aren't any signs of where to go. We noticed some people just sitting in their car on the road and another group of people that drove into the dirt area and were just standing outside of their car. We did the same and just waited until we saw some horses coming our way. I figured everyone there was a Groupon customer, but it turned out we were the only ones, which is why she only asked us how we wanted our steaks cooked. There were about 10 people that came. We all had to fill out waivers and wait a while to make sure no one else was going to show up. They brought out enough horses for everyone and got out a stepping stool to help us each get on. I ended up getting "Itty Bitty" who's known to be a little stubborn (yay for me) and Don got a much larger horse (I forgot the name). Once everyone was saddled up, we began our journey around the ranch neighborhood. I didn't even know places like this existed in Vegas. There were so many huge ranch properties and a lot of them had grazing horses out in the fields. One house even had some huge buffalo. It was a very scenic and peaceful ride. At times I'd get a little annoyed though because my horse was very slow and I couldn't get her to go any faster. She also kept stopping to eat grass and leaves. I was pretty much separated from everyone the entire time :( The ride lasted almost two hours. I believe it got cut short because one person was allergic to dust, so he was swelling up like crazy. I really don't understand why he went horseback riding when he knew he was allergic to dust though. When we got back to the meetup spot, it was dark and they helped each person off their horse. Everyone started taking off and that's when we found out we were also the only people doing the Jesse James Sunset STEAK ride. It made it kind of awkward because it was just us two and I kind of felt like I was just going to someone's backyard and making them cook food for me. However, it was a delicious meal with steak, salad, corn, a baked potato, rolls, and apple pie that we got to enjoy by a fire.I would love to come back here again. It's definitely an adventurous and unique experience to enjoy in Vegas.
2	I was recently at Sagebrush Ranch for my nieces birthday. I didn't ride a horse, but most of the guests did. They went on a trail for about an hour and everyone said it was enjoyable. For the children too young to ride a horse, there were mini horses that they were able to ride on in a fenced-in area. From what I saw, the horses were well-trained.After the horses, we headed to the food/party location at Centennial Hills Park, which is about 5-10 minutes from the ranch. I was hoping it would be at the ranch itself, but the smell of horse poop would probably kill everyone's appetite. Furthermore, the Centennial Hills Park parking lot was packed! It was a Saturday afternoon and there were soccer games going on. We had to park super far (at the school nearby) and walk to the eating area. That was so inconvenient.For a party of 25-30 people, they reserved two miniature tables that none of us were able to sit at. So, I guess they just expected us to stand. At least the kids had fun playing in the playground.Furthermore, my niece's name is Niyah... Why did the melted cake that they provided say "Kiley"? Wow. Luckily for them, they had a plain chocolate cake without a name to substitute the one that was supposed to be for another kid. They provided COLD hot dogs and hamburgers. Ehhh...While I thought it was a unique experience for everyone, I would not have a party hosted by Sagebrush Ranch. It all seemed so unprofessional and not well put-together. They really need to reevaluate their whole party hosting strategy.
1	We were in a group of  11 people and had reservations for the holiday caroling and horse pulled wagon. They packed all 11 of us along with other people like sardines, a total of 32 of us on this wagon that was pulled by only two horses. There were some people on horseback riding behind the wagon. We rode around a neighborhood. The neighborhood did have beautiful million dollar houses which was nice to look at. Other than being packed like sardines the ride itself was not too bad. Then we get to the campfire which was located on their property next to their parking lot. There are no bathrooms, just an outhouse. Not much lighting either. It's very dark. They had seating around the campfire but not enough chairs for everyone. A lot of people had to stand and eat. You had to eat holding a cafeteria tray. The hot dogs were ice cold and so were the buns. The chili was just a heated up can of chili with beans. They had shredded cheese, ketchup and mustard on the table. They served hot cocoa and apple cider. Not worth the price we paid and also it was just in an unsanitary condition. The workers(a family and their kids) had no way of washing their hands, no sinks, nothing and they're serving the customers. The health department would have a field day with that one. They definately overbooked and obviously was more concerned about bringing in the money rather than the comfort of the customers.
2	OK, here's the lowdown. The breakfast is un-necessary. I'd rather had just eaten somewhere else, and done the 2 hour trail ride by itself. The breakfast is instant pancakes. The cooking staff was less than friendly. She didn't even try to look at me in the eye, or bother to shake my hand. The wrangler was nice, but the less than polite behavior continued when we were greeted by a girl at a table that required a $15 per person gratuity in advance. I told her that no one had informed us of this in advance, and she gave me a sarcastic glare. I had no problem with tipping at the end of the ride, but as the total cost for the 4 of us was already $436, I feel $40 would have been more than adequate. I double-checked their website, and it says nothing about a gratuity. As far as the ride went, we have been on many trail rides, and frankly this one was boring. It was all flat, no desert travel, and mostly consisted of gravel roads or paved roads, with an occasional ranch house, and a sprig of pine trees. It's more like riding around a neighborhood. In contrast, for $260 the 4 of us rode at Mount Charleston Trail Rides for 2 hours to an elevation of 7000 feet, and it was very scenic along old indian trails. Even though I only paid $260 at Mt Charleston, I tipped them $60 anyway, and they were happily grateful, and had never asked for a gratuity. That ride was MUCH MUCH better.
1	Go somewhere else! This place is unorganized, they cancel lessons and don't tell you until you show up, OR you end up waiting up to an hour and a half before they are ready to start! And they don't tell you they are running late, they just give you the run around. Try mount charleston trail rides, way better!I bought a package of riding lessons for my 8 year old.They are late and cancel without telling you (I made sure she had my cell number in case they canceled, but they don't call). Big waste of time. Today its 930 and my daughter still isn't on a horse and no one will tell us anything- so much for the birthday party we need to be at by 10am!  Diane and crew curse ( F bomb included) right in front of myself and my daughter!.  I wish them well they have been around since they were at the end of ann road, BUT THESE GUYS ARE REDICULOUS!  SOMETIMES RIDING LESSONS START AT 8, MOST OF THE TIME ITS A HURRY AND WAIT, AND WAIT, AND WAIT!I HATE THIS PLACE!
1	I've never been on a horse before and I would've loved to have had a better first experience.  The instructions given were pretty rushed and vague.  I liked petting the horses but once I got on my horse and the chaos and yelling started, I just completely freaked out and wanted to get off the horse.  My horse started nibbling on other horses.  Not everyone in our group are experienced riders.Our group paid $89 + tax and gratuity per person for a 2-hour ride and lunch.  The whole process of booking the trail ride was disorganized.  I booked it a month ago and received a call the night before that the address we need to be at has changed.One of the horse handlers almost got kicked by one of the horses when he was getting them out of the trailer.  The said handler yelled at the horse, "try to kick me and I'll  kill you" which makes me wonder how these horses are treated.After 10 minutes on the horse, I was just not having a great time. So, I and another person (who also had a terrible time) in our group had to go back.  The handler mentioned earlier didn't assist me in getting off the horse.  He just told me to swing my right leg over the horse which I did and now I have bruises and scratches on my arm.  It was not a fun day and I'm officially afraid to get on a horse again which is sad because I always thought horses are beautiful animals.
1	We bought a deal from RJ Deals for the Halloween Spooktacular Hayride.Do Not waste your time or your money!I wish I would have checked this site before I purchased anything from these unorganized Hoosiers
4	Today my family (myself, my wife and my 10 year old daughter) went on a 1 1/2 hour trail ride with Sagebrush ranch.  My wife and I had ridden horses several times in the past however my daughter never rode a horse before aside from the carnival pony rides.  I was rather leery after reading all the yep reviews about bad experiences but I decided to call them to "feel it out".  I expressed my concern that the horses needed to be well behaved and that my daughter was a totally inexperienced rider.  After the conversation I felt good enough about it to give it a try.  Everything was great!  We arrived and the horses were waiting for us with our tour cowboy Jimmy and another experienced young rider named Ariel.  Our cowboy had great conversation pieces to offer as well as a nice sense of humor and he never took his eyes off of my daughter!  The terrain was rather even but it did allow us to go up and down some small swells.  When the ride was over (after about 1 hour and 40 minutes) the trailer and staff were waiting for us and quickly helped us dismount and we were on our way.       I am not really sure how everything could turn around as quickly as it did or just the people with bad experiences had voiced their opinion in the past but we had a great time with very well behaved horses and informative staff.  I am looking forward to riding with these guys again.  And did I mention that you cannot beat the price even with a fat tip at the end of our ride for our cowboy.
1	Dangerous! Stay away. We live in the neighborhood where Sagebrush often takes trail rides. Kids in bike helmets and tennis shoes, so not appropriate or safe for riding. Today one of the kids horses spooked, saddle slid off and child fell off on the hard road. Not sure if child fell before the saddle slipped. Trail leader (scared inexperienced young guy) and runaway horse charging down our private drive with about 10 crying children on out of control horses in hot pursuit. One of the most terrifying scenes I've witnessed in a while. We ran out in the road and stopped the runaways. The parents of the child whom fell were not called while we waited.  The groups horses seem sweet if a bit neglected, lame, unshod, bad tack, etc.... If you value your childs life, stay away. To top it all off, we were never thanked for our help.
1	Terrible place!  Do these folks even have a license or insurance?  Serving food without a food handlers license or health inspection?   The condition of the horses is borderline abusive.  Don't think that you are helping the horses by patroning this place, you are just putting money into the pockets of folks who see these horses as another object to scam money.  If you want to ride horses you are better off finding a licensed riding facility where educated trainers teach you how to ride in a safe environment.
5	My sister and I decided to take my little brothers (13 yr & 11 yr) horseback riding while we were visiting them in Vegas. I booked a few weeks in advance and paid over the phone, which made the actual day of the ride easy and uncomplicated. Their locals pricing was the best I found anywhere in town. Neither of my brothers had ever ridden, and my sister had a terrible experience as a kid, which made her pretty apprehensive about riding again. But, I'm happy to say that we all had a great time on our ride! Our cowboy, Alex, was incredibly patient, friendly and awesome! He shared interesting facts about the horses and the desert as we were riding. He pointed out animal burrows, picked up a lizard for us to pet, and told us all about the fauna in the area. Our horses were very sweet and calm, which made the ride very relaxing and stress-free. Both my brothers as well as my sister quickly got the hang of riding. One horse was slow and fell behind a few times, but Alex did a great job of riding back and helping my brother get the horse to catch up with the group. The trail may have not been the most scenic, but it was great for the first time riders, and Alex's facts helped make the scenery even more interesting. We enjoyed every minute of it! Although we paid for a 1.5 hr ride, we rode for over 2 hours, which made us even happier because we didn't want it to end! Everyone was raving for the rest of the day how we needed to go riding again soon. We're thinking of trying their overnight camping in the desert ride next time! For a relaxing ride with a friendly cowboy and sweet horses, I can't recommend this ranch more!
2	The ride itself was lovely.  The preparation before the ride was atrocious.
1	This was by far the biggest disappointment for our Easter holiday fun! We bought a Groupon for an Easter egg hunt and Hayride that boasted a picturesque landscape and beautiful atmosphere complete with themed decorations, when we arrived we thought we were lost! This ranch was far from picturesque, it was a dirt lot in the middle of no where! There were a few pink a purple streamers tied around a wagon wheel or two but that was as far as the decorations went! My daughter was then invited to be a part if the Easter Egg Hunt and was escorted to a rectangular horse pin, there in the dirt were the randomly tossed plastic eggs (which were empty!) also on the ground amongst the eggs were piles of horse poop, not fresh but still there! After my daughters disappointment in the Easter egg hunt she turned in her collected batch only to receive three pieces of candy from a dollar store bag of candy! The Groupon I purchased stated the value of this deal was $86, had I paid this amount I would have been furious!! The hayride driver even went as far as to suggest tipping and donating more money to the staff on hand! Do not waste your hard earned money on their events! It is not worth it!
1	Having done a fair amount of trail riding in the area this was the biggest disappointment ever. They were an hour late meeting up with us and to our surprise the wranglers were high school kids. although very nice they did not seem experienced in leading groups. The owner was xtremely unprofessional. Will NEVER use them again!
1	Went here for the Easter egg hunt and hay ride on Saturday. This place was awful!The hay ride was supposed to start at 11AM. We got there at 10:30 just to be safe. We then had to fill out a waiver and each adult had to pay a tip to them of $5.00. They only had one hay ride truck for the over 100 people there! we had to wait outside in the hot sun for over an hour for the 1st peoples hay ride to finish. After the hay ride my kids and were supposed to then go to the Easter egg hunt. While getting off the hay ride, we witnessed the ranch worker dumping empty plastic eggs all the ground. We cam there for the candy and my kids were really let down. This was disappointing as it seemed like it would be a great family day if they got their act together.
1	Closed! Took the money for camp knowing that it was closed! Gate locked July 21, 2014.  Neighbor said it has been closed for a year. Horses were seized
1	Bought a gift certificate for Horseback riding at a High School Fundraising Auction. This place is closed!?!  My daughter was super stoked when we won the auction and she was going to go riding. What a let down and shame! Sucks to pay for something that is no good. =(
