4	A worthy effort. I had the nachos, which I only ordered because they are made with movie theater cheese. Which is how the gods eat their nachos. They open up a can of iridescent, not-real, fake cheese, the kind that alternatively could be pumped out of a spigot. Proper. Anyway, this particular fake cheese varietal is green chile fake cheese, which has a hint of some flavor that displeases me mildly. But Rachel, the waitress, is very cute. A fact of which I approve. They have Big Buck Safari so Dallas G can release his murderous rage on hapless computerized animals before returning to his i-won't-harm-you-if-you-dont-harm-me life. And the nachos are covered with chicken, black beans, sour cream, guac, salsa... and such. Definitely worth ordering. Great reverse happy hour 10-close and all day sunday. WooootSo best of luck, 18 degrees. Your 2nd day open is a worthy effort.I do have to say, though, one more thing about Rachel. She laughed at my story, and that gets her an A+ in my book.
4	This is our new post-hockey game hangout.  It helps that it is in the rink and that our usual server Rachel is prompt.  It helps that she is cute also.  We came the first time on one of it's first nights and it wasn't very busy.  The manager let us play the virtual sports game.  It has hockey, football, soccer, baseball, and golf.  We played for free, but it is rather pricey to use.  It was fun, but I don't think it would be worth using your dollars on.  The bar is owned by the same people who own Overeasy in Phoenix.I have only had the Black Bean Burger so far, but I tell you what.  It is f-ing good!  It has tomato, lettuce, red onion, and avocado.  I don't normally like avocado, but it's creaminess adds to it.  It has just a little bit of spice too. It comes with fries that are good enough.The bar itself has cool interior and has lots of TVs around the place.  The booths even have their own televisions.  There is a large monitor at the front with a Wii hooked up.  I strained my shoulder after last weeks game bowling and playing ping pong.   So if you find yourself cheering on the Rubber Mallets, enjoying an ice skating session, or watching someone at a figure skating competition at the Alltel Ice Den, be sure to stop into 18 Degrees for a brew and a bite.
1	I definitely will not be running back to this restaurant....if you can call it that.I understand that when I got there that it was pretty late, but the place wasn't empty and about to close, so I DO expect good service.  First of all it took waaaay too long to get anyone to notice that we had sat down at one of thieir booths.  Our dumb waitress Jennifer was barely around and we couldn't tell if she was our waitress or the dumb brunette there that could not stop giving us dirty looks.  The manager i think he was, couldn't stop being a huge douche about the fact that I was the only underage person there.  He went out of his way to come by our table and say, oh yeah your waitress asked if I had checked your IDs before when you came to the bar for a drink, so I made sure to let her know that you (points) at me, were the underage one.  Well thanks you asshole, but pretty sure I ordered a god damn coke, and not a beer.When we had gone to the bar before hand for a drink, I asked for a coke, (this bar is about a 10 seater so you can see everything) and he got everyone their alcoholic drinks, and left me without a drink. Even though, I was sitting directly in front of his "work area".  Pretty sure you can see that my drink coaster is without a drink.Now to tell you about the horrible food that came out COLD.  The spinach dip was discusting too.  Didn't have any silverware, napkins or side plates untill half way through the meal.  Couldn't get a refill on ANY of our drinks.  I had my empty soda glass sitting at the head of the table and she walks by, "need anything else?" and the glass is sitting right in front of her.  Uh yeah....She added someone elses tab onto our bill without saying anything or asking.  Then took her a lifetime to put it on a seperate bill.  All in all, everything was just insanely horrible.  Worse than denny's and sorry guys, but that means A LOT.Let it be known, we're in an economic depression right now, and the first businesses to feel that depression is restaurants, and as a server, you gotta milk every table that you're lucky enough to get as much as you can, because those restaurant doors could be closed the next day for good.
3	Some gal pals and I checked out this new place on a Sunday to catch a bite and watch some football.  The place was pretty empty when we arrived, but filled up by the time the Cardinals kicked off.  The location and setup of this restaurant/bar is really unique!  It looks into the Ice Den, and I was tempted to sit closer just to watch people skate by.  There's lot's of virtual sports and arcade games (like hitting the hockey puck into the virtual screen, etc) so I could see this being a very fun place to kill some time and have a few drinks.  When my friends informed me that this used to be a Peter Piper Pizza, it instantly made sense.  I also really liked that each booth had an individual TV on a mechanical arm that you could position to whatever angle worked for your group.  Now it's true that I don't get out much to sports bars, but I thought that was a cool feature!The food was.....eh.  Pretty typical bar food.  Several of the girls I was with got the pizza due to our server's reco.  It was homemade crust and they both reported it as pretty tasty.  I took her advice with her favorite thing on the menu and went for the pastrami sandwich -- it was mediocre at best, with pretty bland flavor and a really, really soggy bottom piece of bread.  I did finish the tasty fries though  :-)Overall, with happy hour specials (all day on Sunday!) and a convenient location, I'm sure I'll be back....but I'll skip the sandwich.
3	A very needed addition to North Scotts!  All the ingredients for 5 stars are in place once they get things running smoothly.  Food is typical bar fare, but made very well and often with some imagination.  For example, their burger is ground on site and is to die for.  Their coleslaw is done with a different, pink, sweet dressing that's good and not the same 'ol.  The fries are a must do because they're as good as ones I've had in a french bistro.  Atmosphere is darned stylish for a sports bar, yet not snooty at all.  Good diversity of patrons, from young couples to teens to families with children, and all seemed happy.  Just three stars for now because they got our order wrong not once, but twice, but the conscientious staff look like they will have things running like clockwork soon.
4	Well, let me start off by saying that this is my first yelping experience. So please bear with me. I always read reviews before visiting a restaurant and/or bar. 18 Degrees had some very mixed reviews, so I decided to see for myself...A few of us decided to go to on Monday after work to check it out. I was blown away!!! Our server informed us that it was "buy one burger, get one free" day. Being the burger lovers we are, we all decided to order one. It was one of the best that I have ever had. I might put it a step above Indulge Burgers...and I love Indulge burgers. I did the classic cheeseburger with cheddar. It was a 1/2 pound patty grilled medium and cooked perfectly. The server said that they grind sirloin, chuck, and brisket into their burger for a perfect flavor. Well a perfect flavor it was. I'm not sure what kind of bun it was but it held up great without being too bready. It was served with a smear of mustard and ketcup with classic L,T,O.  All I can say is that I loved that friggen burger. The flavor was just incredible. My buddy had the "Bacon Blue" burger and loved it just as much. We all had a great time. Pitchers of beer were cheap and they had a ton of tv's all over the place. I will certainlly return. I never would have expected to have the experience I had knowing that I was going to a restaurant in an ice skating rink. It was actually a really "cool" atmosphere. Get it -- "Cool".
4	18 Degrees is a great place to take the kids on a weekend afternoon.  In addition to the kid friendly food, the booths have their own tv's, there are games and of course ice skating.  The food's good enough for parents too, the decor is nice and the people watching is some of the best in the area.  I saw more than one NoSco Juicy Couture-clad mom hanging out with a glass of wine while the kids did their thing - oh, not to be judgmental or anything :-)The parking can look crazy, but a lot of that is from the rink and there's plenty of extra just east of the main lot. This time around we had perfection for service, and really good food.  The grilled cheese is a must-try, trust me on this one!
3	I'm unofficially giving 18 Degrees 3.5 Stars...3-Stars as a general restaurant; 4-stars as a sports bar18 Degrees has above par food compared to most sports bars I've been too. We stopped by to watch some of the Elite-8 tournament on Sunday and planned on having a mini pig out. We ordered onion rings to start... tasty and a good sized plate. I had the black bean burger. It came topped with good veggies: avocado, lettuce, red onions, and good tomatoes (hate the tasteless tomato slices served on most burgers). The black bean patty was decent; not the best I've had, but I'd order it again. My boyfriend ordered the BBQ chicken sandwich but was brought the Buffalo chicken sandwich by mistake. Agreeable as he is, he said it looked good and was more than fine with having the buffalo one. He ate every last bite and said he enjoyed it. The ambiance was great... kind of fun to have all the hockey rink right outside (you can actually look right into the rink through windows at the restaurant). There are TVs everywhere... our booth had our own individual small flat screen. My boyfriend said he's definitely going back with the guys.
2	This place was very mediocre, VERY!The food was blah and the place was not bustling.  Eventually had to go track down the waitress and get our tab...Glad to see others had a better time.........
3	It's a restaurant attached to an ice rink. Yep, that about sums it up. The place was pretty cool on the inside (see what I did there?), but there wasn't any activity going on in the rink so it's not like there was much to see. The restaurant itself was adequate. There are lots of TV's, including a private TV for each booth. That's neat-o, but unfortunately our private TV wasn't hi-def. So that sort of ruins that for me. Many of the others in the restaurant are hi-def, but apparently the private ones are not. So that means that you'll pretty much just watch the ones that are not at your booth. There are some arcade games around, but we didn't partake in any of that. There is a lot of hockey memorabilia hung on the walls, including flags for what appears to be all of the teams. I saw the Blackhawks flag at least, so that's all that really matters.Service was mediocre. Someone in our party ordered cole slaw as a replacement to the fries, but then still received the fries. We told the server and he brought out the slaw and didn't charge for the fries. Problem solved. We also had no problem getting our drinks re-filled. I really liked the fact that there were some healthy options available on the menu. I had the egg-white omelette and it came with a side of fruit. Tasted fine, but it was nothing special. The side of fruit was a little larger and more diverse than what is usually offered as a side a restaurants, so that was nice.All in all, I would go back if there was an activity in the ice rink, or if there was a good hockey game on that I wanted to watch. Otherwise..... Probably not.
3	Eh. If you're at the ice den - no harm, no foul. Otherwise - limited menu, over priced,average execution; if these are scratch made fresh cut fries - someone forgot to add the flavor. There are many other sports bars nearby that do it better.
2	The food couldn't overcome the bad service. No one to greet us at the door, but no sign to seat ourselves. One person walked by with no acknowledgment. Second person said hey'd be with us, but then said to just sit anywhere we want. Took at least 10 minutes for someone to take out drink order, even thought servers were serving the table beside us. there were about 3-4 tables in the restaurant, including us, and 3 servers, plus a woman who must have been the manager. She also walked by us without asking if we needed anything or if everything was ok. So, we got our drinks and waited another 10 minutes to order. One person needed sweetener for their ice tea and the server forgot, it took 20 minutes to ask someone again and get some. Had to ask for forks & knives to eat, and salt. It was a painful dining experience. I did like the food, but it was not worth the hassle to get it.
4	Great service, always greeted with a smile. Ask to sit in Jason's section if you go!
4	Ok, so we were trying to go to overeasy and didnt realize that the hours were different in Scottsdale and Phoenix.  Soooo, we just wanted anyplace to eat and since this was next door, we settled.  BUT, I gotta say, we were surprised.  Both of us were happy with our sandwiches and the sides (I had roasted potatoes, he had green chile mac n cheese) were GREAT!  I was pretty happy that we made the mistake on hours and ended up here.  If I lived in Scottsdale, Im sure I would come here lots to watch hockey and have a good bite.
3	Went here last week with the husband for dinner.  Had a coupon, but once we saw they do Friday night Pizza and Pitchers (1 pitcher of beer and 1 any whole pizza for $15.  Are you kidding me!  That's AWESOME!!) and were running a fish taco special for $8.  We ordered both.  The pizza was good, thin crust, good on toppings.  The beer was cold (you can choose Coors Light or Molson.)  There were kids running around all over the joint, and parents gathered at tables having a glass of wine.  It looks like a great place to grab a bite or a beer while the kids are doing skate night.  Overall, the food was better tan average for bar food, and the environment is very family friendly.One tip - don't get the cookie dessert.  It's $8 for a warm chocolate chip cookie with a scoop of ice cream on top, and the cookie was about 3 inches across.  I can get that dessert at Jalapeno's up the street with a 6 inch cookie.  Same price.Otherwise, definitely not bad!
4	OK, this place is totally cool, regardless!  To be truthful, I only had an appetizer and beer when here, and I ate at the bar, so my service was terrific.  But...I couldn't get over how cool it was to watch the ice from inside the restaurant!!!This is a GREAT place for a casual (albeit, very casual) date.  And, um, for my single sisters, where do you think you will find men?Can't wait to try it again!
5	I spent the entire weekend at the rink for the turkey shoot tournament. This is our third year at the tournament and each year, 18 degrees proves to be such a great additive to the ice rink. Throughout the weekend, we had our team pizza party, happy hour in the bar, the breakfast buffet and football on the couch.All the service I experienced was amazing. The feel of the restaurant is warm and homey. Each booth has their own TV for whatever sport, or cartoon, you want. The quality of food is good. Nothing to write home about but amazing for an ice rink. The prices are affordable. I recommend visiting 18 degrees if you have time to spare at the rink.
1	Ordered take out for the first time tonight...I suspect someone will be contacting me shortly regarding some missing hockey pucks, somehow they made it between the hamburger buns in my container of sliders.So, we tried the ribs, cheeseburger sliders, fries, sweet potato fries, and mac & cheese.  Ribs were generous in portion but fatty and just not worth eating.  The sliders I mentioned earlier are tiny individual patties that were black around the edges and chewy (like pucks), topped with a tiny piece of cheese on a bun  (no lettuce, pickle, flavor).  Their "au jus" for the burgers was served on the side and had no taste whatsoever, it wasn't even the "salt assault" style au jus that low rent places usually serve.  Mac and cheese was mushy and flavorless.  Fries were good.  Sweet potato fries never made it into the bag.One common theme to all of the dishes was a complete lack of flavor.  On the plus side, we didn't dine there so we were spared the sound of screaming children while we ate.  I'm sure if you got a cold beer and some potato skins you'd probably be fairly content.  As far as a real dinner goes, absolutely not - it's terrible.
3	I have been here a few times.... and it has been OK each visit. We have used Groupon like deals on two of our visits. ***STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE ON TUESDAY NIGHTS*** It's kids eat free night... and this place is an absolute zoo.... especially if you are not into having kids running all around you while trying to relax after work. The food is OK. I like this place because there are not many casual places in the area (with the exception of the Temple Bar down the street). I also like sitting and watching the hockey teams play. They have large windows that look right out over the ice.Service was always good. Prices are reasonable. And try the fresh Bavarian Pretzel appetizers! YUM!
3	I enjoy this place for what it its, always a good time.  We spend many weekend evenings here as my kids love to ice skate.  The hot wings are a staple to me.  We were not crazy about the type a cheese used on the nachos.  The white pizza and club are a hit for my wife.  kids enjoy the cheese burger and fries.  Service is always with a smile.  Great place to have a casual date night with the kids near by with the right price.
1	I'm sad that I had a terrible experience here, because we live in walking distance and it had the potential to become a regular stop for us. BUUUUUUUT no. I had a living social voucher I think.. some type of social media discount. The first problem they had with me, was that my voucher wasn't printed. Well on my iphone it clearly states, either print out your coupon or show the merchant your mobile voucher. If you are not going to honor mobile vouchers then maybe YOU SHOULD PUT THAT IN THE FINE PRINT.After I made it clear they were going to honor this, they tried to tell me I couldn't use it for happy hour prices. Now I would definitely understand this too, had IT BEEN WRITTEN SOMEWHERE ON THE VOUCHER. Nope, nowhere. So our bitchy waitress goes to get her manager because clearly she doesn't have the brainpower to think of another excuse for not honoring this voucher....So then this braindead manager comes over. He proceeds to tell me that he would be fine with using it for happy hour prices but the computer will not allow him to do so. I tell him to enter it in to show me that it won't let him & SHOCKER. It does let him.Now why on earth would a place try so hard to make a customer unhappy. Because to say I left unhappy would be a fricken understatement of the year. DON'T PUT OUT A SOCIAL MEDIA VOUCHER IF YOU ARE GOING TO BE ASSES WHEN WE TRY TO USE IT.
2	This place is total Ice Palace......so it is a great place in the summer.  Really....if I lived closer, I would just sit here all day and order H2o.  I came here with a girlfriend only because she had a gift card.  It is kinda of cool you can watch hockey practice here. It is a total sports bar so the set up with TVs, I really liked.  I notice the booths had their own TVs...that is really a nice setup!  Anyhow, we had salads....not a specialty place for that kind of food......this place is all fries, onion rings and burgers.  Our salads were  bland but  for 9-10 bucks ....GET THE BURGERS!  We were out of our element but we had 50 bucks to spend!  What's a girl to do?
2	I don't like to give bad reviews but 18 degrees had some of the worst service I've ever had. No greetings from the hostess, a horrendous server and the food was average and overpriced. To go in and have a drink by an ice rink, it's perfectly fine but don't expect a good dinner.
3	The food is nothing to write home about. I've had the burger and the Reuben which were just ok for me. Probably the best item that I have had was the Pretzel. The servers seem to be attentive, so they have that going for them. The views of the skating/hockey rink from the restaurant is fabulous. The restaurant is decorated with a hockey theme as all of the NHL team banners are on display. They show live and taped hockey games on the TV. It's a great place to cool off on a hot summer day. The Phoenix Coyotes also practice here as well.
2	Horray for hockey.  It's unfortunate that beyond the tv's to watch the games this place fails both on food and beer.  They share a kitchen with Over Easy so I know that the kitchen can produce great food however the menu is horrific.  Someone needs to step into this century. The beer menu is also pretty pathetic.  You would think that a place in North Scottsdale would realize that people will pay more for good beer and that there is more to beer than just Coors light. I give it two stars one for the tv's and one for the friendly waitress.
1	I have never received such horrible service in al of my life.Not only is their food mediocre at best, my friend was ridiculed for cheering for the team they didn't agree with, promptly followed by being called a bitch, then asked to leave. Beyond embarrassing and terrible taste. Don't waste your time.
1	Coyotes fans do not support 18 Degrees Neighborhood Grill. Tonight members of our pack were told to quit cheering for the Yotes because they're leaving to Quebec. When she argued backed, she was called a bi**h and told to leave. How can you call your self home of the Coyotes viewing party?
4	We found this place via Living Social last year.  Since it's located inside the Ice Den, an ice skating rink, there's no way we'd stumble across this place.  It's a pretty cool place to grab a bite to eat, drink, and watch sports.  There's plenty of TV's and the booths have small, private TV's that you can control the channel selection....perfect for watching a game!Every time we come here, I get the Appetizer Platter (Onion Rings, Chicken Fingers, Potato Skins, Quesadillas), $12.50.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/18-degrees-scottsdale?select=vrTkMnVL__fBIoCQuV537g#vrTkMnVL__fBIoCQuV537gIt's a large portion of food, so plan on sharing if you order it.  The platter is delish for bar food.They have drink specials and happy hour too, good stuff.Return Factor - 80%
4	I like 18 Degrees a lot, and bonus that it's close to home.  The food is nothing spectacular, but they don't promise to be a gourmet eatery; they're a SPORTS BAR!  You're mostly going there for a drink, appetizer, and to watch the people skate, since you can't do that at very many other places across town.  The service is always above par and the food is pretty tasty.  We'll def. go back!
3	Food is just ok,  average bar food. Stick to appetizers and beer, and enjoy watching the hockey.
4	Had a Groupon and decided to give it a try for lunch.  I got a swiss cheeseburger with fries and ice tea, while my wife went with a veggie pizza and rootbeer.  The burger was great, as was the fries and ice tea. My wife could not stop raving about how fantastic her pizza was, she said it was the best she has ever had.  I took a bite of it and almost wanted to take the rest away from her and eat it!  It wasn't the best pizza I had ever had but in the top 3, maybe even the top 2.  Great service too.  We will be back.
2	9/5/13Stopped in to use an expiring $20 for $10 Amazon Local Deals coupon**.  Was told to sit anywhere I'd liked, so I sat at one of the tables near the windows overlooking the Ice Den, the ice-skating rink next door-- pretty cool. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/18-degrees-scottsdale?select=3vIs8mTZeROUqDL3yPzWpw#3vIs8mTZeROUqDL3yPzWpw  There were booths alongside one wall that had their own flat-screens, which were nice touches, and an area with leather (or was it pleather?) seating, and yet another flat-screen, which looked inviting.  The young female server wasn't particularly enthusiastic or helpful about the menu offerings, but was honest enough to steer me away from the sweet potato fries when I inquired about them.  I have to agree with her that the green chile mac 'n cheese was the better option out of the two.  After studying the menus for many minutes, debating on trying three courses (app, entree, and dessert), or just two main entrees, and finally decided on ordering the Bacon and blue cheese burger, with green chile mac to start, and then later on going with the cheeseburger (cheddar) and subbed sweet potato fries for an extra $1.25.  (Perhaps she's not a sweet potato fry fan, or maybe she is and she didn't like the way they were prepared here?  I had to find out for myself.)  The burger patties weren't of high-quality-- I found them consisting of more fillers than meat and too fatty, yet not very flavorful.  I had a bit of the blue cheeseburger http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/18-degrees-scottsdale?select=KDB96IhpSqi3JgGvR259HQ#KDB96IhpSqi3JgGvR259HQ for lunch at work the next day, didn't enjoy it, and threw away the rest of both burgers that night.  Same thing with the sweet potato fries-- too soggy, even after I'd requested "extra-crispy," and not a lot of flavor.  The green chile mac was the only decent item I had.  Back to the burgers, I found it strange that the bacon and blue cheeseburger didn't come with any veggie trimmings ("only the cheeseburgers have them"), but I was given a plate of shredded lettuce and tasteless tomato slices when I asked.  The cheddar cheeseburger http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/18-degrees-scottsdale?select=LXfGcKQ1Z9fFAPSKVkRYFQ#LXfGcKQ1Z9fFAPSKVkRYFQ did come with lettuce and, even more interestingly, more flavorful and redder, tomato slices.The happy hour prices seem like a good deal, and it seems like a decent place to hang out and watch sports on TV, or to just  meet with friends, if hanging out at home, or someone else's, isn't feasible.  I thought it something novel to be able to watch both novice and experienced skaters practice next door...  I hope I can bump up my rating next time.  That is, if I return.**Sister with two kids were coming for a visit in August, and I thought I'd take them ice-skating.  The kids weren't interested in trying on ice skates, so the certificate went unused.
1	Due to its proximity to work, I've given this place a few goes, each time was awful. The staff is lazy and don't seem to want to be there. The food is awful for the price, drop everything $2/3 then it might be worth it. The pizza is far far undercooked and looks nothing like the picture, warning, stay away.
1	OMG!  Went to a business luncheon here in the "Warming Room".  I literally had to stop on the way home and buy some real food to eat.  The worst chicken breast I've ever had in the most tasteless sauce I've ever had.  The chicken was full of gristle and was as tough as the bottom of my shoe.  Boring iceberg lettuce salad with generic salad dressings.  Steamed mixed vegetables in a strong herb sauce.  Egg rolls.  Nasty food!  Wow, and for that I paid my group $25?!  Why is it that these restaurants that host groups can't serve decent catered food, and why is it that the catered food in no way resembles what they actually have on their menu???I won't be back.  Yuk.
4	Amazing place to relax and grab a bite/drink while the kids are skating.  The bartender is always on top of things. There are so many TV'S and they have every sports game on.  Happy Hour specials every day as well as daily specials.
3	This is a tough one!  I am puzzled by the nasty reviews - but after reading them, kind of understand!  This place has a great vibe, but it could be better.  You can watch hockey (or in our case, the Zamboni then figure skating lessons), the beer is  plentiful and cold, and the food was really good!  The pretzels appetizer scores a 12 on a 10  point scale, and the  hummus was delicious.  The fry sauce is tasty, and goes great on much more than just the fries!  At our table alone, we had that, plus a turkey burger (HUGE and delicious); the flat iron steak skewars which were cooked perfectly, lean and really flavorful, and the Asian salad (and the dressing was outstanding and I swear, there were two whole chicken breasts - not processed meat).  The bathrooms were clean, and the prices were reasonable. I can totally see how this place could become an easy hand-out.  On service - our server had ZERO personality.  She delivered good service, and allowed one of us to "sample" the salad dressing beforehand, which was nice, but seriously flatlined in the conversation and true "customer" zone.  She did have another big table, but really, is that an excuse?We'll be back, and it is certainly worth a try.  We were there for lunch, so I am curious what it is like for legit happy hour or dinner, or even later.  It's a cool idea.  If you go, Order the pretzels.  Period.
3	The location is great. Fresh brew iced tea would be welcome. The menu is fine, but I think that they could review what is on it and see what could be tweaked, improved or refined.
4	Very quick to get our food, food tasted delicious!!Got the southwest turkey sandwich. So great!The only down side was we barely saw our server...
2	If I weren't held hostage at hockey lessons twice a week, I'd NEVER eat at 18 Degrees. The staff is friendly but food is very mediocre and overpriced for the taste...and I've been coming here for years so I've tried just about everything. The wings, if ordered well done, and the mac & cheese are good though. No complaints about Over Easy.
4	Good place for Hockey goers! It's located right inside the Ice Den. Burgers are AMAZING! I'm not just saying that cause I work there. However I fell in love with them when I was a customer. The bartenders are cool, and friendly staff.
5	I just had an amazing buffalo chicken salad. Good atmosphere,great service.
