5	Delicious amazing Mexican food.  Go there now.
5	Delicious authentic Mexican restaurant and bakery - friendly, helpful employees and fast, cheap, great tasting food. Get the al pastor burrito - excellent!
4	Terrific, authentic Mexican food. Good chips,, spicy salsa and a very tasty trio of enchiladas with cheese and the red chile sauce
4	In town on business, read the reviews on Yelp and decided to give it a try. I agree the food was good, hot and fresh. The staff is friendly and the restaurant was clean. I had the dinner buffet for $12.99, so I had an assortment of food on my plate. Haven't figured out how to post pic from my new IPad.
5	Very authentic.  Very good.  I tried the Tamales.  They were made that morning in house!   Wonderful.  We bought some Pan Dulces for the trip home.  Best I've ever had and I lived in Texas for 15 years!  This place has been added to our list!
5	Went again and had Chicken Tostadas.  The tortilla never broke.  They never got soggy.  They were a real treat.
1	Do not waste your time, this place is terrible. They did not have much of a selection and our burritos were filled with sour cream and had no taste. When we were seated we were told they were out of fajitas which was not possible because they came with the topping and meat that were in our burritos. If I could give negative stars I would, there are so many better Mexican restaurants in Madison.
5	Best Taco in Town.  Beware they only take cash.  Most of my reviews are pretty harsh.  I grew up in Chicago and we are the fattest city for a reason.  This place was amazing.  The menu is simple only about 10-15 items, but you do not need anything more.I ordered the steak tostadas.  They fry up their own tostadas rather than use premade large versions of tortilla chips.  The steak was hot and fresh.  They added cilantro to all of their toppings.  It is the small things that impress me.  My husband got the steak tacos and those were equally delicious!!!  Each was served with rice and beans for only $7.99!! WHAT?!There food is simply delicious.  The restaurant is far off to the corner of a parking lot, but take a chance on it.  Please, I do not want it to close down.  When we paid our check it came out to $21 for two people (pop and dinner).  That is ridiculously affordable.  She did not have enough change so she was going to waive off her tip and the extra two dollars.  Luckily I had a few singles.They are nice people with good food and their prices can not be beat.
5	At first glance it does not look like much, but looks are deceiving. This is straight up authentic Mexican food. Pure awesomeness in my mouth! We were the only people in here, and I was a little hesitant at first. Then, the food came out! It was awesome. There are a 3 signs when I go to a Mexican restaurant that I look for----I'll Tell you them:1.It has to have real Mexican cheese of some sort. Chihuahua Cheese is my fav.2. I need to see Verde----like truly good tasting tomitillo homeade sauce.3. I need a Steak Taco! A good flank steak taco can not be beat.This place knocked them out of the park! Also they brought a nice mixed Mexican veggie bowl that I really did appreciate. It was fresh cactus along with a pico. Totally unexpected and awesome. To really push my in love with this place, I was handed a free piece of cake on my walk out the door filled with fresh strawberries! I almost gave the waitress a hug I was so excited!Great true Mexican food in Madison!
5	Came for dinner with my husband & parents because my mom wanted Mexican food. I checked Yelp, & we decided to give Mexico Lindo a try. The parking lot was empty when we arrived, & we weren't sure what to make of that.But, the food here is excellent; it's very flavorful, & the dishes all had a distinct taste. We had the chicken mole, Alhambres (not sure, but it's a combo meat dish over peppers & onions), & Huaraches (it's like a tostada but instead of a tortilla base it's a corn cake type base. In other Mexican restaurants where I've had them, they were called sopes).The salsas & guacamole they brought to the table were fresh & tasty. The chips were freshly fried & a tad greasy, but all in all, it was a great meal at a good price. We would come again. My dad said that he would come back just for the guacamole.They are also a bakery, & their dinner was so good I'm tempted to go back just for bakery!
4	With the demise of two of my favorite west side Mexican food spots, The Spousal Unit and I have been forced out of our comfort zone and out to the far reaches of East Washington in search of decent stuff. As mentioned before, Mexico Lindo is off in the middle of a parking lot and doesn't look like much but....I had business with a bike shop out on East Washington so I convinced S.U. to join me and have lunch while waiting for my bike. We were the only ones there for an early lunch but were soon joined by a few other customers, most likely native Spanish speakers from south of the border. Fresh hot chips came out served with a kick-ass green salsa and a very nice red one. I wanted to order a mix of tacos but was told the three taco plate had to all be the same since they cooked everything fresh (good sign) so I settled on al pastor. S.U. ordered chicken gorditas (3) that sure looked like sopes to me. Both lunch plates came with rice and beans. Add a pair of Negra Modelos and I'll call it Lunch! An excellent lunch! Their dinner menu is the same as their lunch menu but with larger portions. I would come back to try their mole, since everything that we had was so good and fresh.It's a long way across town, we'll make it back at least one more time but if I lived on the East side, I would get to know the ladies who run this place.
5	NO LONGER CLOSED!!!! Mexico Lindo has just reopened and the food was ah-maz-ing. Friendly, fast service. I ordered the quesadilla and it came out hot, fluffy, and was served with some very good hot sauces. The entire dish was only $4.99, and I could barely eat the whole thing because I was so very full. They do dine-in and take-out. Their new phone number is (608)219-0359. Very nice people- give it a try! Open on weekdays until 10PM and weekends until 2AM.
3	Who said it was closed???? The bakery may be, but there is still food being served, a bar, and bands now playing here. Did it get renamed? This place is still open. They also still make cakes to order.
5	This restaurant is open!!! And it's delicious! The service from the owner was quick, top-notch and friendly. Honestly, it was one of the best burritos I've had in-town. I can't wait to come back!
4	We just went this week. At first we thought it was closed the lawn hasn't been mowed a fee cars have been sitting there for awhile. But the open sign was on so we went in. Ordered pork tacos. These were fresh and so delicious. We also ordered bistec  ala mexicana , there was so much flavor. We were loving the fresh real Mexican food.  The salsa they bring to your table is great with chips but salsa maybe a tad warm for some. The staff was very friendly and helpful.  We have been here a few times now and have not once been disappointed.
