4	I'm not much for pools as some here are just a clusterfuck, but this was open and spacious. Decent sized infinity edge pool with a few waterfall edge jacuzzis off to the side. Nice open layout with two bars, card tables, nice day beds and also covered cabanas spanning the surrounding areas on three floors.The decor is beautifully executed and seems to make sense with the concept of the whole hotel's property. Not feeling Surrender, not really agreeing on its decor matching/meshing with this outdoor area.  They're connected- arent they supposed to be coherent? Beach Club I really like and will be back for Steve Aoki on Fridays- of course, I'm going to be outside the whole time. Yeah crowd was very mellow. At least for us, we were mellow more because of the DJ. BF and I sat down to listen and nitpick. If you are music listeners like us and have DJ gear at home, you would see that there was some that was not working nor was the song selection the best in creating a "mood"....it was scattered. There was moments where we liked what we picked, but it was shortlived as something usually, the song choice or mix in that we were not feeling. If you don't get music, ignorance I guess is bliss and go ahead and dance your ass off, but we just can't. We aren't club heads so music better be good. I know Steve Aoki well and if it's one thing that guy does well is create a coherent set and works crowds like no other so the vibe will change once he is here. I know I will be found in the forefront by the DJ booth going apeshit. He's a little dose of home and the club scene in LA I love. Oh and Kasade is the resident for Sunday afternoons. Thats a pretty big lineup they have going here and am excited about. Fuck Paul Oakenfold Perfecto. To be continued I guess....things will be changing once the place is in business and their rightful DJ's take the helm.
2	My husband and I stayed at the Wynn on Memorial Day weekend and weer really looking forward to the opening of the new Encore beach club. We really enjoy Rehab at the Hard Rock and were expecting a similar yet more luxurious experience to that.After paying $50 for tickets and waiting in a smallish line at 11am on Friday, we got in. It was beautiful! We instantly were attended to by a friendly staffer who took our towels and then proceeded to tell us we were free to put them on the ground or on the concrete benches surrounding the plants. Wha? No lounge chairs? Well, if you want to spend a $150 drink minimum for the lounge chair, this place might be for you. I couldn't do it. We had just come from a beautiful pool over at the Wynn hotel with quite comfy, free lounge chairs and nice music. So, we grabbed a seat near the water on the concrete next to another couple that was equally as pissed about the lounge chair situation and just sat there and people-watched for about 4 hours. We did grab some food- I had the Asian chicken salad which was phenom. At least that was worth it!The pool itself was gorgeous with beautiful decor. You just know it is a Wynn property from start to finish. Attention to detail was all there. Gorgeous. That being said, I also enjoy the Hard Rock pool and Palms pool immensely and feel like I have definitely had more fun at those two venues than I did at the Encore Beach Club. But again, It's a really pretty pool. If you want luxury and can afford it, you might want to check it out.
4	While I was in Las Vegas this Memorial Weekend, my friend that works at a concierge was able to get us in for the Encore Beach Club and Surrender's pre-opening party.  It was nice being able to bypass people and getting past the long lines!  We went in through the Beach Club so never got to the Surrender night club but it looked small.  The pool/lounge area is gorgeous!  I love the spaciousness, the large white round loungers in the pool were awesome.  I didn't care for the stripper poles but I guess this is Vegas!   It was open bar so getting drinks took a while but boy did they make them strong!  No watering down at the Beach Club.  We ordered 2 rounds at the same time at the bar and then hung out there for a bit before heading to the 2nd floor Cabanas.  The Cabanas weren't anything special but they have a great view since they're on the second level and the back opens up to Las Vegas Blvd. so you get views front and back.  I'm not sure what they usually cost but the manager said that the Cabanas were going for $20K on Memorial Day!
5	Wow!  This place blows the other Vegas party pools away.They have three pools with round beds with umbrellas in the shallow area to reserve.  In and near the pools are islands with poles for girls, or guys I guess, to dance on that also spray a shower down.  There's a hot tub with a water wall.  The pools are surrounded by lounge chairs and beds that are available by reservation.  Along the west side of the Beach club are two stories of cabanas.  They are away from the crowds to get your privacy, but close enough to still be a part of the action.  I saw three bars and two sets of bathrooms to alleviate the normal ridiculous lines you get elsewhere.  They also have some blackjack and craps tables set up in the elevated bar area that's air conditioned but still open.  There was a sort of snack bar area you could walk up to and order salads, sandwiches, wraps, etc and not have to try to flag down a waitress.  The setup was well thought out and addresses the issues the other pools lack in.The service was outstanding!  I was blown away by how friendly and helpful the staff was.  The bartenders had no problem blending up frozen drinks (another bartender at another pool told us this weekend he couldn't do that for us since it was busy even though its on their menu).  When we walked in, every single employee told us welcome, or thank you for coming.  It felt really nice to know that they were appreciative of the obscene amount of money we were all about to spend there.What is even more awesome, they have Kaskade playing there every Sunday.  If you don't know who Kaskade is, he is an established house music producer and dj.  So expect to hear some dance music when you come here and not hip hop.  The opening dj played more of top 40 remixes.  They really make this an experience for guests and I can't wait to go back!!
5	Look to my review of Surrender Nightclub as this review, too.BUT, EBC has less clothing and more wetness =)=)=)The night time pool party is every Thursday starting in June; and it's  ALWAYS FREE FOR LOCAL LADIES..cheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!Find me at this and Wet Republic pool parties, for sure, this summer!
4	This place is GORGEOUS. Just wow wow wow. Came here at night where no one was swimming (boo!) but I would love to come back and do so. When you turn the corner to look out on this place, it is absolutely breathtaking. Expanses of crystal-clear water, poles for dancing (holler!), 2 bars, infinity pools, card tables, huge orange beds, cabanas - just wow. There is a walkway right down the center of the big pool that also just begs to be walked over to either the Encore Beach Club bar or over to Surrender. Unfortunately when I went, it was a bit windy and the crowd was ridiculously mellow, but it was so beautiful. I definitely want to come back to see this place in the day and soak up some sun and take a dip in the pool which looks absolutely divine. This literally is the size of a beach and is just so pretty. Can't wait to come back for a party!
4	Went on Sunday for the pool party.Price - $50 for guys, even if staying @ hotel. We got a cabana however. It was really nice with a big couch, safe, tv, and fan. There was a $4,000 minimum tab for the cabana, and only 10 people are allowed to have a bracelet allowing them in. You can bring friends or girls up to the cabana with you if you walk them up through security.**FYI -- the cabana girls will try to UPSELL you. we ordered a bottle of tequila and they brought out the best (read: MOST EXPENSIVE) bottle and our thoughtless friend ok'd it without thinking.....it was $1,450!!!! As Napoleon Dynamite would say......idiot....god!!The scene at the pool was good, plenty of attractive women for the eyes to enjoy, not a trashy scene like some pool parties are. On a bad note there were a whole bunch of Joey Boombatzs and Paulie Guidos who looked like they were in the locker room with McGwire and Sosa in '98 shootin up the roids. At that point I felt like I never left New Jersey. I wish I had pictures, but if you've been to DJais in Belmar you know what I mean.Summin it up - If you have $$$$ to spend, get a cabana, get grey goose and champagne, get a tan, and enjoy the Sunday.
4	Encore Beach Club would get 5 stars if it played better music.  They play non stop house music here that blends in some hip hop but yeah. Its a very Euro type feel.  Other than that this place was PERFECT. I mean Encore is ridiculously nice already but to open this pool party area that has 3 different pools, a bunch of bars, a food section, cabanas, and a sexy pole you really can't go wrong here. We were on the guest list because my friend knew someone that worked there- of course always trying to get the hookup anywhere in Vegas and we we got there on a Saturday afternoon all the girls got in free (6 of us) and our one guy friend paid 20 bucks.  Not bad at all considering other pool parties general admission is usually 40 bucks.Its a very tame pool party tho- drinking beer and just chillin.  There was an area by the pool that we could sit so just because we didn't want to pay 100 bucks for a single lounge chair we weren't assed out. I had a really good time people watching, drinking, splashing in the pool. Encore Beach Club becomes Surrender club at night so it seems like a smaller scale of what XS is. I think Encore/Wynn is trying to take over Vegas people!  They have the best club- XS, amazing Buffet- Wynn Buffet, and now this beach club. NICE.
5	definitely a beautiful and really well designed pool. you can tell they didnt want to overcrowd the place with too many beds...that being said there are only like 20 beds in the whole place. and theyre usually all reserved so if youre just looking to layout...your best bet is to find a spot next to the pool and lay on your towel. skipped the hefty $30 cover charge since we got on the guest list. music is good. watermelon margarita..even better!! all in all a beautifulllll poool... definitely a way more chill vibe than the other party pools like tao beach. encore beach club seems like more of an older, richer crowd.. but still worth checking out!
5	Love this place.  We went here on a Sunday after going to Tao Beach on a Saturday.  This layout is gorgeous.  The staff are super nice too! We went for Kaskade Sundays which means $30 for ladies and $50 for guys.  I'm not sure if there is a guest list or a way around it... but we had the best time!  Got to say hi to Kaskade too!  Sigh. I would love to club here during the day every day! Gorgeous.
3	$100 to sit your ass anywhere except concrete??? Come on!!!We went on "Industry Mondays" where ladies get in free until 3pm. They kept us waiting in line for over half an hour for no reason.  The place was nearly empty.  Now I'll stop complaining.  It's beautiful.  Really beautiful.  It's hard to describe, you really just need to go and see for yourself.  Steve Wynn spared no details.  Music was on point, the place was packed by 5, and there's eye candy everywhere.  Beautiful bodies, swimsuits, tattoos and free mimosas for the ladies (woo hoo!) The mid-pool stripper poles are great in concept, but women should really self-evaluate whether or not they should be up there (looks or talent)... a very hot Israeli next to me kept laughing his ass off and saying..."wow, American girls are reeeeeaaallly confident, aren't they?"Overall, not a place to go every week, but for the occasional budget blowout, nothing in vegas tops it.
5	AMAZING AMAZING AMAZING! Another Job well done Mr. Wynn!I'd ACTUALLY get in the pool unlike rehab and wet republic. My cocktail waitress told me that they spent tons of money on that pool to keep it clean at all times. I went to the nightclub portion of it the night before, but it felt like a completely different party. Besides the structure and design of the place, it seemed to me that 90% of the crowd was there just for kaskade (DJ)  Service was great, but we waited awhile on our first order because they were slammed but all in all, everything came out on fair time.  The cabanas are relaxing and perfect to host a party. My girlfriends and I got lucky and landed a cabana for kaskade on a sunday for 3bottles. (because we were an all girl group..I guess its normally a 2-3k minimum  ) Had some trouble with my original reservation so my casino host at the wynn referred me over to Ashley (A host over at the beach club) She definitely took care of us. She worked up front so we didn't have much problems at the door like most clubsIf you anyone needs anything, def contact ashley! ashleyk@lasvegasnightgroup.com ashleyk121@yahoo.comtell her sheena sent you! :)
4	I highly recommend this pool if in Vegas. My girls and I went here on a Sunday and it was amazing. Fabulous music, beautiful people and a good time. The set up is beautiful and the pools are actually clean. Didn't have to pay to get in which was nice and didn't have to wait in line. I would definitely go back next time I am in Vegas!!!
4	FInally got the chance to experience Encore Beach Club this past weekend. I was able to get on the guest list with a promoter which meant no cover for the girls but our guys had to pay $30 each. I don't know if it was because it was Friday but it was pretty EMPTY inside. We arrived right around noon and i was expecting a line but to my surprise there was NO ONE IN LINE!  Once we got inside I was definitely taken back by how amazing the venue was. The pool was in the middle with daybeds surrounding it. There was also a pole in the middle of the pool for ladies to. um. perform. The drinks were expensive.. vegas prices. The service there was fast, prompt and friendly but two long islands will push you close to $40 bucks with tips. My tip- pre game before you go and enjoy the pretty people and venue :)
5	Fucking epic cascade Sundays. Thats all I can really say. I was here all day till they had to close to set up for night service. You will spend at least 200 dollars... GET a chair for 150, if you spend at least that you wont pay for the chair..... GET IT ???   it goes towards your minimum. You really have no choice here. You will be much happier for it. You will say I am so glad I'm not sitting in the pool all day. Now on with the review...... I fist pumped like a champ for almost 8 hours....  I DON'T EVEN FIST PUMP... And none of my friends do. We were all doing it. Being originally from NJ I was disapoint. This guy could really DJ. And he made it so when you stopped moving you felt like an asshole. And Everyone else around will be dancing... It's just fantastic.. Just fantastic.. If you like to have fun at all just try it... I can't really explain it..... OH bring friends cause this place is huge and overwhelming. P.S. GET THE CHAIR for 150..... it goes towards your drinks, so if you spend it anyway free chair.. if you get enough friends you can get a giant bed or something like that.
4	went here on a saturday, if your looking for a pool party similar to Rehab Sundays, GO HERE! this place was so nice and pretty! I overheard them charging 30 for girls and 40 for guys and if you were "trying to find a place to sit" its 50, my friend and I were lucky enough to just walk in, so I suggest you try to get on a guestlist or something..
4	Michael is a promoter for Encore/Surrender, and his number is 702-401-2027 for open-bars, covers, guestlists, and all that good stuff for the girls. Reserve seperately for a place to sit. I'm not really sure if I should be giving out this guy's number but everyone should be able to experience the prettiness that is Encore Beach Club!
5	Encore Beach Club is G-L-A-M-O-R-O-U-S. Kaskade Sundays is what's up. Like Wet Republic and Rehab, it's all about scene and be seen - you will be surrounded by beautiful bodies. Unlike Wet and Rehab, you will NOT be afraid to get into the pool! Mr. Wynn did an amazing job getting this luxurious beach club built in a matter of months. It's located at the front of Encore - I don't even recall them being under construction when I was there in April. The layout is beautiful with three pools and two levels of cabanas, and rainfall "cages" with a stripper pole in the center if you want to show off your skills. Kaskade definitely brings the party on Sundays, but the vibe is definitely more chill than Wet and Rehab (hence the cleaner pools). He's set up right in the middle in front of Surrender (the nightclub) and there's a small area for people to dance. We got in for free (doesn't hurt to know the promoters), however cover is $30 for women and $50 for men. You'll easily drop $100+ on drinks, so you might want to consider reserving a lounge chair ($150 drink minimum) or if you can splurge, reserved a day bed or cabana (some with your own personal see-through pool), which will run you thousands. Otherwise you can grab a towel and post up along the edge of the pool.There are two bar areas, a few tables to gamble and "The Grill" to order food. Share a few salads, which are huge, and the turkey club wrap - the more healthy options on the menu. Food babies are not attractive here.
5	Kaskade Sundays...enough said.  Worth every penny I spent and I'd do it again in a heartbeat.  This place is super high end, but worth it if you love house music and KaskadeStayed in the vegas sun at 115 degrees for 8 hours and loved every minute of it!  That's how good it was!
5	Kaskade Sundays... AAAAAMAZING!!!  I don't know how else I would describe this place!  I danced for 5 hours straight in 110 degrees weather and I did not want to leave when it was over~!  When Kaskade came on, my friends and I went to the stage.  We were so close to him we could almost touch him!!! SO HOT!!!We got a daybed between 10 people. Free entry and $1000 minimum~ not so bad at all!  I honestly had the time of my life.  I want to go back there next week if I could! ahhhh!
5	Obviously everyone's experience will be different depending on their treatment or hookups...I luckily did not have to wait in line, nor did I have to pay. I also got access to a cabana thanks to a good friend of mine, so I really didn't spend all that much money or deal with the "crowds."$15 for a mixed drink is a bit steep in my opinion, as was the $15 for chicken strips and fries (which were fairly bland but hit the spot when I was wasted) but it's all relative, especially considering we didn't pay entrance or for the cabana.The pool itself is pretty sweet and they had 2 stripper poles, both of which I went on but I can definitely admit I don't have the skills to pay the bills up on there...This is a pretty chill spot and I'd definitely recommend it to anyone!
5	Sunday night pool parties here are the perfect ending to a non-stop 72 hour Vegas trip. Totally worth the 0-2 hours of sleep you have to survive on because you have to pull an all-nighter to get back home to work the next day. It's a far more relaxed vibe than the usual XS experience, although you still have the option of dancing if the mood strikes. Lounging with champagne in hand on an in-pool daybed is the business. I felt like Queen Cleopatra! LOLGlam, glitz & gorgeous on steroids. A girl can get used to this...
5	Best Pool party in Vegas as of right now. PeriodI'll start off by saying that I had a few connections so my review is a little scewed, but I think its still accurate. My boy Jay Shaun  at the door hooked us up with a day bed for half the minimum tab we were suppose to run, Sweet. I just took care of him. The day bed can comfortably fit anywhere from 4-6 people. We were suppose to get a day bed and a Lily pad but I tried to show up fashionably late so Some high roller paid 10k for my 1k Lilypad, silly rabbit. Anyway if your going to reserve a spot, and want to be close to the action get a Lilly pad, Its like having a bed right in the water. Pros: Great scene, great music, clean pool, lay out of the pool was top notch, people were classy and seemed a little more upscale, think Marriot Vs. The 4 Seasons Hotel, when compared to other pool parties. Cons: Drink were pricey, and very weak. We ordered Mojito Pitchers all day (85 a pop) and it tasted like they put about 3-4 shots in the whole thing. Overall I love it, its a good time for girls and guys alike, enough candy to go around. Also they have gambling too if you want to literally lose your shorts off, lol. holla at me if you need Jay Shauns contact, if you take care of him, he will take care of you.
5	friday at the beach club was pretty chill, compared to saturday at wet republic. the decor's amazing with the continuation of the red accents. there's walkways that divide the curving pool into 3. you can lay on the walkways, but they're very strict about keeping your towel within a zone.great looking people here too. stripper poles for people to dance on which provided for great entertainment when you see 4 drunk girls trying dance under flowing water.very big bar that is barely occupied because there are hosts running around in bikinis taking orders. from 2-3p there was free mimosas for ladies. their watermelon 21 was perfect for a hot day at the pool.the music was nice--a bit trance but mixed in with some top 40. great atmosphere for a chill day at the pool.
5	Best pool scene in Vegas!!My friend got us on the guest list so we didn't have to pay cover. The place is huge inside!! And it's not ridiculouslyyy crowded like Tao Beach. You still have a lot of room to sit, stand, walk, dance, breathe. Music was really good too but not so loud that you feel the beat pumping through your entire chest. I guess that could be a pro or con depending on your preference. I also had one of the best drinks of my life here! Do yourself a favor and go to the bar and get a WATERMELON 21! It's on the cocktail menu. It's a little pricey at $15 but we all loved it!! It's so refreshing, you can barely taste the alcohol, and it comes with a salted rim even though it's not quite a margarita. Yummmm! I want another one right now! The only downside about this place is there's not many beds which are all reserved, so if you want to tan and lay out, you just have to find a spot near the pool and lay on your towel. Overall, it's a really fun pool scene, perfect for young people to come and have a good time whether you wanna go crazy or just chill at the pool. Highly recommended!
4	Encore Beach Club brought sexy back to Vegas. The upscale pool is definitely a place worth checking out if you are into pool parties. HOWEVER, if you are more of the fist-pumpin, drunkaholic, dance-fever type of pool partier, I would say this place isn't going to make it as your #1 spot. The music is good...not GREAT. But then again, I went on a wkd when Kaskade was a no-show..go figures. So, i'll give them the benefit of the doubt and just assume that Kaskade would spin better music than whoever did the day I went. KNOW A PROMOTER. This just goes for all clubs in general..but especially for Beach Club cover, because its going to cost $30 for ladies and $50 for fellahs. The venue is very spacious, so you have room to walk around and hop from bar to bar, or cabana to cabana. By far, this is one helluva place to spend a day in Vegas, but if you are more of the crazy party breed...prepare to be the life of the party..seriously haha :D FISTPUMPPP!!
4	This is one of the best club experiences I have had.  The whole layout is perfect with the pool, the cabanas, there is a mini casino, stripper poles, lounge chairs and tables. We ended up getting a cabana with bottle service which was expensive but definitely worth it. You have the best of both worlds, plus you have great views of the pool.  There are beautiful women all over the place.The best part is you could either show up in your club gear, or in your swim suit but nothing in between.  Personally I thought that was pretty cool.
2	Red chandeliers!
3	I think my expectations of Encore Beach Club were a little out of step.  I went there with a group of girls expecting to be able to hide under an umbrella and read my Stieg Larsson mystery novel, but I felt like I'd stepped into South Beach and I was the most conservatively dressed square there.On the plus side: good music(kaskade sundays), low sausage ratio. The cost for guys to get in ($50 for guys; $30 for girls) keeps the ratio of girls to guys pretty high. (Guys-- the girls here are seriously HOT)  If I were the skimpy-bikini-wearing loves to dance on a stripper pole with water pouring down on me kind of girl, I would probably have loved this place.
3	KASKADE SUNDAYS!!!!!Wooooo!! That only means an even bigger headache for Heidi C. w/ Kaskade's music -- I just hear...unsa unsa unsa unsa unsa unsa...This is the same area as Surrender nightclub. So instead of leaving Surrender at 4am when they kicked us out, they should have just let us sleep by the pool. Then when Encore Beach Club kicks off in the AM, let us strip off our clubbin' outfits, down to our food baby (or alcohol baby?) showing bikinis and let us continue the fun. But nope, we had to leave and come back. Ladies - FREE (on guestlist)Guys - $50 -- LOL NO JOKE. Anyway, drinks are still just as expensive, blackjack and craps tables aren't in operation, table service starts at around a $700 min I believe, and there's no where to sit expect  on the stairs in the pool. This is where your skin can get pruney! But hey...at least the water isn't murky like at Tao Beach...
5	Yesterday afternoon I attended the Industry Party at Encore Beach Club. It was my first time there and I was definitely impressed.There wasn't much of a line because it was a Monday and even though I went through a promoter and got on the guest list, it wasn't really needed (although finding a good promoter to get you into any ultra pool or nightclub on the Strip is a big plus, whether it is crowded or not). Locals were let in free on Mondays by default and local ladies are always free according to their ad (I'm not sure about holidays, though). The staff was very friendly and diligent about checking my ID, which I appreciated. Security is always around to make sure things don't get out of hand, which I also liked.I like that they had nice, comfortable couches to lounge on, unlike Wet Republic where if you aren't renting a lounge chair, cabana, or daybed, you have to sit on the concrete at the edge of the pool, which is very uncomfortable. The whole vibe of the place was very chill, but the people there still had some energy to burn to party down, even on a Monday afternoon, but it wasn't a super-crazy, free-for-all, which sets it apart from the other ultra pools in town. The atmosphere suggests a place that is upscale, classy, and "exclusive", very European. I felt like a rich tourist for a day and almost forgot I lived here! :-DHowever, I wouldn't eat there because the prices for their food were insane ($10-15 just for simple finger foods like burgers and chicken fingers!), but ladies did get free mimosas at the bar. Save your money to go eat across the street at Fashion Show or somewhere else more affordable if you want to save some cash if you aren't renting a cabana or daybed where a food order is required.There's plenty of hot girls and guys to look at and a DJ that spins some pretty good to decent tunes. I had a lot of fun there and I will definitely be back with my friends. Kudos once again to Mr. Steve Wynn for another successful Vegas venue. :-)
5	AMAZING!!! I wish me and my grils were back there splashing in the water and dancing/jumping on the daybeds! It was such an awesome time for us there. The place is gorgeous and filled with equally good looking people. Kaskade wasn't there that Sunday but Steve Aoki did an awesome job on the turntables. Everything was perfect for us. We got there at 1pm. Walked right up in front and the host walked us right in. No waiting. ;) Once we walked in we got approached and invited to one of the VIP bungalows. This group actually had 2 bungalows right by the private VIP pool area. Awesome! The bungalow had a free flow of whatever drinks and food we wanted. The ice tea vodkas were yummy. The bathroom inside was clean, spacious and super convenient. Music kept us pumped, food was delish, drinks were as stiff as we wanted them to be, company was cool... What more could we ask for??!!!Now THAT is how VIP is done in Vegas. ;)
5	By far the best pool party in vegas.The music was great, featuring steve aioki & kaskade.Also the wait was only 10 minutes, although we had a cabana. Service was great, plenty of bars & openspace. Will definitely go here again. A++
5	This is THE BEST pool party  in vegas!!  Reserved a small daybed for $500 for four of us and we hit the minimum easily.  Kaskade  was amazing, and the staff very helpful.  Only minor complaint was we didn't really find a drink on the menu that we loved-and found the drinks a little weak.  Would recommend getting a bottle instead next time.
5	Absolutely luxurious.  If you want to experience a pool party, but don't want to deal with crazy drunkards, go to Encore Beach Club.  You must go on a Sunday so you can see Kaskade spin.  My recommendation is Wet Republic on Saturday and Encore Beach Club on Sunday.  It costs a lot to get in, $30 for the ladies and $50 for the men.  :(  However, I am lucky to have a friend that knows all the ins and outs, so we were able to walk in for free.  I will definitely be back.  The people are beautiful here.  All the girls have ridiculously hot bodies.  For a fleeting moment, I told myself that I need to work out for months beforehand so I could look decent.  That thought quickly passed when I spotted the The Grill.  Eating equals happiness for me, so I'll take food over having a hot body.Check out the new Encore Beach Club on Sundays, you won't regret it.
1	After reading countless reviews from fellow yelpers on how great the Beach Club pool party was I figured some friends and I would check it out. Unfortunately in this review I can tell you nothing about the pool party. There was no way that bald headed punk bouncer Don was going to let three mexicans in even though we were literally standing in the front of the line for over an hour. His excuse was the ratio was not what it needs to be. As the minutes passed we saw Don let in countless guys without ladies (all white not that I am implying anything) as well as huge groups of ladies. Don must of missed the chapter on ratios because there were plenty more girls then guys. An hour later we are still invisible to that little coochie. In the end he said it is to difficult to let three guys in with no ladies. So unless you are a jersey shore cast member or your skin is just the right color don't bother coming to this place. F* you Don
5	This place is drop dead gorgeous.  I absolutely love it!  The music is the best part.  Kaskade Sundays!  Hottest new venue on the strip with the a hyped up vibe & good looking crowd.  I love EBC.
4	FUN FUN FUN!!! Great space and good service. The staff even goes around and arranges your shoes for you while you're in the pool. Would be worth it to spring for a daybed. And ladies - get on the guest list!! Fabulous people watching all afternoon but watch out if you're in your heels with your cocktail.....the floors are slippery!!
3	While stumbling around the Wynn the night before, drunk off our blackjack winnings and cheap gin cocktails, my party and I ran into a lovely lady offering to get all of us into the Encore beach club for free.  Not only did this lovely lady put us on her list, but also promised to waive the cover charges for our guys as well.  Awesome. We exchanged numbers, said our good byes and hoped for the best in the morning. The next day after a long, late breakfast we all cabbed it over. By a stroke of absolute luck we all made it into the beach club for free.  No joke, it's beautiful. The tables, the people, the pool, heck even the drinks are gorgeous.  The only ugly part was the large, angry old man posted guard at the door.  Now I don't feel entitled to get into things for free just because I am a lady, though the perks are nice. I'll pay for  things when it is appropriate. But when I see my name posted on the list with my +3 shining out like a beacon I expect to be treated with at least a little decency and respect.  After pointing this out to the bouncer again, this ridiculous ass rudely told us to "wait here,"  turned to the girl behind the counter and said"I want THESE people to pay."Um, what? What about US people? While he was arguing loudly with the girl behind the counter about whether or not we owe money one of the hosts pulled us aside, apologized and ushered us in. What a mess. I'm all for the perks and promotions of Vegas but rudeness is never acceptable.  All in all I feel the same way about "club pools" as I do about the clubs themselves.  If you can get in for free do it, otherwise there are a ton of other pools to get into that are just as nice for half the price.
4	A friendly promoter invited us to @EncoreBeachClub on Friday when she spotted our bachelorette group dancing at Tryst the previous night.  I forget her name, but she's a gorgeous brunette.  We originally planned on visiting this beach club on Saturday, but we couldn't turn down a lily pad with no minimum ($500 min food/drink order to reserve) so we shifted our plans.  Needing a few hours of recovery time before a second night of partying, we made the right decision in choosing this spot over a super loud and crowded pool party.Entry: not sure how much entrance fee is; find a promoter for free or discounted entryAtmosphere: pretty chill on an early Friday afternoon (see pics); might be more happening later in the day or on Thursdays, Saturdays, and Sundays since those are the days the photographer posts pics on the websiteSpace: large pools to frolic and dance to the music; nice wading areas surrounding the lily pads for staying cool in the water; plenty of cabanas (two levels), lily pads, and lounge chairs; indoor dining area with tables and chairs for those seeking shadeFood and drinks: ~$15-20 per item; food was tasty and portions were large (only finished half of my turkey bacon wrap); frozen drinks were refreshingly delicious (see pic; get the Watermelon 21 and Frozen Mojito)View: beautiful bodies, clean water, and sunny blue skiesSpecials: FREE mimosa bar from 2-3pm on Fridays (in July, hopefully ongoing)Note: this place closes at 7pm and becomes Surrender Night Club at 10:30pm on certain nightsMy overall impression is that Encore Beach Club is a classy pool party that doesn't get overcrowded.  I'd come here again for relaxation time and, hopefully, free mimosas!
5	The big review 200.You dont go to Vegas pool clubs for a relaxing afternoon with the new Nicholas Sparks novel.  You go to Las Vegas pool clubs:  to galk at scantily clad skanks and their douchebag male counterparts, get shit faced on the most impossibly expensive drinks this side of Dubai, get a tan, and drunkenly splash around whilst wilin' out to pretty horrible pop/hip-hop/house.Thats it, and there is no nicer place in Vegas to do just those things. Service is unmatched, the facilities are amazing: it is huge, so big that it doesnt get crowded, and overall was a shockingly good time. A sheer luxury oasis tucked in between Vegas' two nicest hotels.We ponied up for a pool side cabana, and the service was impeccably provided by outrageously hot girls with great bikinis. The crowd was friendly, and exactly as douchey as you'd expect. Be prepared to drop at least $2k on a a cabana (but that is just drinks and food, no fee for the actual cabana itself)If you want to go to THE Vegas pool party, this is where you want to go.
5	Let me take the time to share with an amazing experience that I will never forget being at the Encore Beach Club!! Everyone says that rehab or other places are crackin but not like this place let me tell you. The guys get charged $50.00 and girls $30.00. This is kinda pricey but when your in vegas its "go hard or go home"! The pool is not overwhelmed with Chlorine, the people are beautiful, the drinks are over priced but made to perfection, the house music is great, and pretty much everything at this place amounts to perfection. I went on a Sunday from 10-7p and I could have easily been here for the rest of the night.....Hey Rehab, Encore beach club is taking over so give it up!
5	Love love love. Came here at around 1 in the afternoon this past Saturday and had an awesome time. Came with a group of 7 girls, new a promoter, you know how that goes. So we get in and head straight for the bar. Service as the bar is a tad slow but not a the fault of the bartenders, but rather their list of specialty drinks that take a minute to make. I myself had a few mojitos ($14) and can't complain about the taste or the pour, each seemed fine to me. Chatted up some of the staff for a little bit and they were all super chill, even when giving me orders they were perfectly polite about it. Ended up joining a table for most of the afternoon (1-7 to be exact..ouch) and the server there was sweet as pie as well as were the bartenders. The all night coma I went into by 8pm was well worth drinking and dancing all day at Encore Beach club. Gorgeous club, GREAT vibes (low douche factor, everyone was really friendly), gorgeous people. Can't wait to return.
5	Encore Beach Club on a Sunday means.. Kaskade Sundays!Cover for yesterday's event was supposedly $35 for girls and for our guys, they were all charged $100.  No Joke!  The later you go, then your cover might be reduced to $50.  I feel so bad for guys!Once again, major perks to be a girl!! FREEEEEE for us!! We bypassed the line with ease and got into the club within minutes.This place is beautiful and glamorous.  I love the bright orange,red,yellow colors that Mr. Wynn designed with.  2 stories full of Cabanas and day beds available.  Some cabanas come with a back view.  If you aren't splurging on these bad boys, have no fear!  You can sit along the side of the pool! Drinks here are around $15 and up.  For some reason, Wet Republic's drinks were more worth it. (alcohol content-wise). I had several of their drinks, and some of them tasted like no alcohol was mixed in.  The Strawberry margarita,  margarita on the rocks, and watermelon drinks, which were tasty and refreshing.  The vibe here is definitely different from Wet Republic.  It is more chill but at the same time a good relaxing time.  All you keep doing is looking at all these hot bodies passing by you.  It's ridiculous! One girl sprained her ankle and had it wrapped but still pushed herself to wear heels!! The things people do to look hot for one day!The grill, for quick food, is available at the end of the club.  Spacious bars were available.  The service is quick and enjoyable.  All I gotta say is Kaskade was AMAZING!  My first time seeing him live and for free!!  He is so passionate into his music.  How can I not have fun especially how we managed to be front row to him through that massive crowd! Unce Unce Unce Unce!PS: Time to work out for next season!
5	I really liked the Encore pool. In the last few years the idea of day time clubbing at a pool has really taken off. Having been to Rehab in the beginning of the pool party sensation there's been an evolution of class. Let's just say not necessarily the people but definitely the vibe, the decor and outstanding DJ's like Kaskade on Sundays. We had a great time. It's always fun watching drunk girls dance in the shower, think flash dance meets drunk porn. I do think the drink prices and $30 entry are a little steep but I guess that's what Vegas has evolved to. Good time all around.
5	i love this place!!!!!!!
4	This last weekend I went to Vegas for my buddy's bachelor party and got to experience how he and some of his friends do Vegas.  Traditionally, when I go to Vegas, I'll catch a show, eat at buffets and nice restaurants, play a little poker, and walk around the strip with my wife and friends.  They do Vegas in a completely different way.We got in Friday afternoon and checked in to the Palms Place hotel.  We then went to Ditch Friday and got trashed.  The rest of the day was spent in recovery for many of us.  But Saturday, we went to Encore.We had reserved a cabana for the 13 of us on the lower level with quick access to the stairs leading to the pool.  The cabana had a HD TV, ceiling fan, volume controls for music inside, a long couch with some accompanying ottoman chairs and tables, a fridge, a safe, some lounging furniture in front, and a balcony facing the strip in back.  I don't remember what the minimum was for the cabana...I think it was $2000.  We ended up spending over $4000 because each bottle is about $1000.  $1000 for a bottle of vodka!!!  WTF?!!!Again, this is not the Vegas that I know, so the outrageous prices for the bottles blew my mind.  Accompanying the bottles is a constantly replenishing set of mixers (OJ, cranberry, tonic, pineapple, etc) and ice brought by very attentive staff who are dedicated to your cabana.  The food and bottled waters were average normally priced.  I.e. a chicken quesadilla is around $10 to $12.  A burger is around the same.  We all got food early on when we arrived around 11am and the food was good.Now let's talk about the reason why you come to one of these places: the pool.  I will say, having been to Ditch Friday and Rehab (the next day), Encore easily has the best "scenery."  The pool is not huge, but they don't stuff lots of people into the beach club like they do at Rehab.  I don't know how they maintain "scenery" control, but they do a good job.  Lining the pool are bars, cabanas (some with private pools with a glass wall that faces the main pool), a grill, and a bunch of chairs/lounging furniture.  One of my friends there bought two vodka tonics at the pool bar and paid $60!!! $60!!!!  I'm so cheap.The club closes down at about 6 or 7pm, so you can be there for a good 6 to 7 hours, but they keep it bumping the whole time.Summary: Great staff.  Good food at decent prices.  Great beach club "scenery".  DJ is good.  Cabanas are nice and amenity-filled, but bottles are $1000 each.  Prepare to spend a lot of money on alcohol. Period.  Will never go back there probably because it's just not worth it to me, but they do a good job with making the club fun for the guests.
5	Had no idea what we were getting ourselves into...as we walked in, I felt like we were on the set of the MTV beach party. I don't even think they have those anymore, do they? haha...Well, this place was pretty fantabulous. I would definitely recommend to go to a beach club at least once in your life. This was my first time and I had fun.
4	This venue makes you feel like you're part of the VIP roll the red carpet out group!  It is luxurious and has lots of beautiful people to gawk at. Me, I'm a "normal" one. So, this was amazing to me. The comp'ed entry was nice. And of course, hanging by the pool with drinks and friends was not at all unenjoyable.  The pool is warm and really, tastes kinda like pee. No, I do not drink pee but man oh man, the water was warm and if by chance it got into your mouth, you'd see and unerstand what it is I'm talking about. With all the people in and out of that pool, i wouldn't be surprised if you went back to your room smelling like someone else, literally. As my friends and I were joking, if we end up mysteriously preggers and have kids with blonde hair and blue eyes, it will definitely be a case of immaculate conception!  As my girlfriends and I were joking, "Put a cork in it or you may be changing diapers in 9 mos!" haha!  Aside from the temp of the water and it needing more chlorine, everything was real nice.
5	omg this place was reeediculously gorgeous! i felt like i had walked into some adult version of raging waters/candyland. seriously, i wanted to play with all the little water contraptions they had, like this stripper pole that showers water on the girls underneath. and this overflowing mini-pool with see-thru sides (VIP tables only i think :(). it was *the* most perfect sunday ever! blue skies, 90 degrees in august, lots of space around and in the pool to sit down, lots of shade, easy-access and clean bathrooms, beautiful people everywhere. i am *so* bummed i did not buy a new bikini for this and put on some heels :(
5	talk about a classy 'beach'. it is beautiful, spacious, and seriously what a beach resort should be. the excessive use of vibrant orange and red colors, probably to match the theme of the hotel, works quite well with 'blue' waters. anyhow, no matter how classy this club can be, throw kaskade into the mix, and all you'll see just as much fistpumping as in tao beach.i must say, sometimes it sucks to be a guy. the ladies get in free everywhere, especially if they know the right people. knowing the same type of people only gets you to the front of the line. at 50 a head, you'll find two types of guys here: the rich, older men with photo-shopped pecs [because it just doesn't seem natural], and the extremely well-connected people. i don't fit in either. you suck it up, bite the bullet, and enjoy the scenery.note: drinks are steep at $14. this can add up quick. =/
5	(+)-really big-very popular hot spot-nice setup and decor inside-tables in the water, pretty rad(-)-pool gets very crowded-if youre not at a table, hard to find somewhere to put your shit down-gotta leave your stuff unattended if you want to go in the pool-mostly house musicMy friends and I came here around 1-2 pm on a saturday. We got on someones guestlist so it was free as long as we got there before 2. It was soo crowded inside, took awhile just to find a spot to put our stuff down. I recommend if youre gonna go here (or tao beach/wetrepublic) try to bring as little as possible with you. its more convenient and safer for your belongings.Prob wouldnt have had that good of a time if we didn't get invited to a table. the guys werent very cute but you dont have to ask me twice to sit at your table and drink your drinks, I am happy to oblige.water felt great because it was soooo hot. music couldve been better, less house and more hip hop please.it was fun to sit in the water and people watch too cause drunk middle aged white people are funny. the crowd is a little less guido/fake tan/fake tits than the crowd I saw at wet republic.if you want to be seen, this is definitely the place to be
5	KASKADE SUNDAYS!!!What can I say, this was by far my favorite pool party of the past weekend and I was at all of them. Liquid, Tao Beach, Wet Republic and by far Kaskade Sunday's at Encore Beach Club topped it all off.Dave Pappas set us up with a couch with a perfect view of the DJ booth and right in front of the stripper pole.  This was one of the best spots of the day by far, you get to see all the action!  Got here around 1200 pm and the line was ridiculous. We told them we had a reservation but told us to get in line. Like I said before, I dont do lines. Went to the front, dropped a name and whats this? the ropes opens up and we are in :DThere are beautiful people all around and the atmosphere is pretty chill compared to Wet. Security is really on top of their game about guys getting onto the stripper pole, why the hate security, maybe guys just want to take a shower there!  Once Kaskade came on, the place went bonkers.I highly recommend to make reservations for a chair/couch/daybed etc since cover for people not in the know is $30 for women and $50 for men.  When FB mins are as low as $150, why not make a chair reservation?This is by far the Sunday spot if you don't want to deal with the craziness over at Rehabx. Lets see what DJ they have next season, Kaskade killed it this year!
4	Popped in here to see Steve Aoki and chill at the cabana. The door experience was relatively easy, staff was friendly, and the crowd was packed with lots of attractive people. The venue itself is very pretty, a little reminiscent of the old Cabana Club in LA, and hot hot hot. The club inside is so packed you won't be able to move, but the outside area affords you lots of space to move around. Unfortunately at night you can't chill on the floating cushions in the pool but it's still a fun spot that I'd recommend for sure.
5	I got to follow up Peter L's review, since we both were on this trip together, we pretty much have the exact same perspective about EBC. First of all, forget coming here as general admin. Seriously if you think about all the alcohol and food you will consume throughout the day, why not pool together on a couch with 4 others? A couch can fit 5 people, and I m sure $500 FB is very easy to blow through over the course of the day. Dave Pappas is the contact for all your EBC needs. Please pm me or Peter if you guys need the info. Now the pool party itself:  Kaskade Sundays is simply amazing. He pretty much tore the roof off, and I can not think of a better pool venue aside from Wet that is good for house DJs.  We got in a little later than normal because of check out day, but one of our buddies was able to hold our couch for us. The location was absolutely excellent. I believe it was (#503). This is right across the center stage dance floor and next to the gambling area.  Pretty much prime territory as far as location goes.The service was absolutely outstanding. I couldn't help but notice that EBC has more staff working the pool venue than any other pool parties I have been to that weekend. There is also no room for shenanigans. If you are guy trying to get up on the water stripper pole, within seconds you will be warned and tossed out. Also there were sweepers all around the walk way areas drying off the floor so people won't slip.   Our waitress was also very friendly in answering our questions and delivering our orders accurately and on time.To summarize everything, EBC is definitely focuses on the class factor of pool parties. I can quote Dave P that they don't welcome the steroid tatted out jersey shore style crowd. The party itself does have its moments, but even on a Kaskade Sunday, it's not as wild as Wet Republic.  I personally think this is a good change of pace. In Vegas we officially have a 1A (Wet Republic) and 1B (EBC) in pool parties, and I would go to either depending on what I m feeling that day.
5	Was there this past Sunday and had the good fortune to catch DJ Kascade throwing down quite possibly the sickest mix I've heard this side of the pond.   The club had at least 600 people, but didn't feel too crowded at all.  There were a half dozen people cleaning the poolside at all times, and I never saw one piece of trash on the floor.  Almost everyone, from the waitresses to the boys and girls dancing in the water, were beautiful hard bods with minimum freaky tats and piercings.  I had a cabana connection which took 15 minutes to get wristbanded in line, but the regular line was easily an long hour at 2 PM and 110 degrees in the afternoon.  Go with friends and share a chair or cabana.  Be prepared to drop a few hundred to few thousand clams for the group.  If you just want to hang without shelling out beaucoup bucks, the pool and the bar are good places.
4	I went there for Kaskade Sundays over labor day.  By far the largest pool party I have ever seen.  Here are some tips.If you're not getting a cabana then show up early and claim a spot by the planter boxes or the pool sides.  People essentially lay claim to places to sit by throwing their towel down by the planters or along the water edges.  Smart move for anyone not in a cabana.  Bring credit, cash or krugerrands gold coins.  Seriously, bottled waters $21 each.  A friend got a bottle of grey goose for $950, also ridiculous, but when in Rome yada yada.There's a gift shop in the back that sells sunblock, cameras and accessories.  The cafe has basic food items on the menu, don't expect much, you're not there for fine dining.  It also doesn't hurt to blend in by having a Jersey Shore tan and washboard abs...apparently everyone there has a crazy amount of free time to tan and hit the gym.  Last bit of advice, don't be one of those people that get blackout drunk then carted off in a wheelchair.  Drunk and stupid is no way to go through life, son
5	The only way to do VEGAS RIGHT,  is to make sure to stop by the Encore Beach club !!! Great setup, great decor, great music, great food and what a sexy crowd !!!! Can't wait to go again !!!!
5	It's new, it's hip, it's hot, it's happenin'...  Lot's of great looking people.  Just go!!!
4	We were walking in the casino at 2am when a guy taps me on the shoulder. I pause and turn around. "Want to go to the beach club tomorrow?" Sure why not, gave him my friend's number. HA yeah I'm a jerk and have the bestest girlies that let me give their number to some stranger that we just met while walking through a casino.Next morning, we arrive and the line is some 200 people deep. We call up the random guy we talked to briefly the night before, and within 5 minutes, we skipped the line and are in the beach club. This place was so nice. The cabanas were super cushy, the people were looking hotness. The drinks were delicious. We sat on the side and just chatted, and we by chance managed to avoid the huge line. In Vegas, it pays to talk to strangers and give them your friend's number ;)
5	Encore Beach has the best pool party that I've been to in Vegas.  Sundays get super packed since Kascade spins around 3ish.  The pool is big unlike Tao Beach and the water is definitely a lot cleaner than Tao Beach.  On top of that, they serve food here and it's pretty decently priced in case you need a light snack (chicken strips, etc) before boozing it up in the pool and enjoying the sun.  One time I tried hitting up this spot on a Saturday around 4 PM and they wouldn't let anyone in because it was over capacity.  You snooze you lose!  Definitely check this spot out!  The only thing I don't know is if they're closed during non-pool season in Vegas!  I am a fan of Encore Beach vs. Surrender!
4	Some girlfriends and I got on the guestlist for Encore Beach Club, and I have to say we were all pretty curious about it. Pools, swimsuit-clad partiers, alcohol, and great music... what's not to like? It's somewhere you gotta try at least once in Vegas.
4	Encore, the new thing to do on SundayI used to go home, all hungover and eyes runnayBut now, partying til' 5pm the day after XSFeels effing fantastic, even if a bit excessConventional clubs, unlike being a cattleYou can relax, chill and swim, no mind-numbing teeth rattleOr walking back and forth trying to find all your friendsJust hop in the pool, let your weekend end or beginGood looking crowd, and most definitely there to partyNo nasty lookin' people and chicks like Chris FarleyAnd best of all for a house-head like meTrance, electro, and all manners EDM, my ears were quite pleasedExpect to pay at this place cause cover is 50Definitely not a place that you'd go if you're thriftyAnd unless you get in right when time is the bestStanding in line will cause great duressOn one occasion I got in for an easy 20 bucksMy friends came out the exit, (talked to the guard) and employed me some luckOn another occasion, we lined up at 10amGot our stamp, got our brunch, and later came back in **Highly suggest getting your stamp early, grabbing lunch somewhere close, then coming back on the exit side to avoid LONNNNNG lines**
1	Not the best nightclub out there...Music isn't catching & the crowd isn't happening.Dance floor? Who know exactly where it is.But at least there's shot drinks that ladies go around for, only asking for tip.
4	MGM's Wet Republic was my favorite beach/pool club, until this place debuted! First time, had a cabana here for all you can eat and drink, and the service was very mediocre. Not only that, maybe I was just out of it, but I don't think they put alcohol in their pitcher mixed drinks. So just stick with bottles or shots. Why I'm still giving this place 4stars? One of the best party atmospheres, and also had a side table right next to KASKADE performing during Labor Day weekend, and that was just over the top! Also service was a lot better, and it didn't hurt to have model Misa Campos as your cocktail waitress. A very epic time! :)
3	I liked this place better than Wet Republic. As usual, we didn't have a problem getting in after putting our names on the list the night before.The decor is pretty and even on a Monday, the crowd was better than Wet Republic on Sunday.  However, much to my surprise, the crowd was still pretty icy.  Guess no one wants to chat until the sun comes down?Drink prices were outrageous.  We just didn't bother besides water, but I really like the decor and layout of this place.  I really love looking up and seeing Encore on one side and the Wynn on the other!
5	THIS IS THE SPOT. Saturdays are cool, lots of space, nice crowd reasonably priced day bed. But beware, if you are a group of guys; better get ready to grease the manager or YOU AREN'T GETTING IN. REAL TALK. Either that or find yourself a group of girls who you can get in with.
4	What on God's green Earth makes people think it's okay to go to a pool party when your gut sticks out farther than your tits/pecs?!  I call that a "stick out".  Geez, aren't you self conscious about that jiggle?  Vegas pool parties, you're surrounded by the hottest bodies but then there is that handful of nastiness that makes my eyeballs bleed.  And then these nasty bitches want to be on the pole and they can't even dance.  Backf fat jiggling and all.  Eww.  You don't have to be super fit or skinny but, at least, don't be on the pole, thinking you're sexy.  Don't even get me started on the hairy dudes.  Wax that shit!*end of rant*Anyways, EBC was good.  Great music.  Food & drinks are yummy.  We got a table for $1000 food & beverage minimum.  Not bad at all.  Our waitress was super hot AND friendly.  Usually the hotter they are, the more unfriendly they are...but not our girl.  75% good looking people and great eye candy but 25% fatties (guys & girls).  Security was super friendly too.  And Michael Phelps made an appearance, looking like a stoned dolphin.The food was so good, especially the steak nachos and sea salt fries.  I wanted to eat more but I was trying to keep the salt off my abs.  I don't want to be a "stick out".  We had bottles but we also ordered strawberry daquiries and they were delicious.I docked a star because the door goons were being shiesty.  They were trying to make some extra bucks in their pockets.  And when we said no thanks, they threatened to pull our guys out of the line or hold them back in line.  Wack!Tip of the day:  Walk carefully on the wet cement.  I saw at least 3 chicks eat shit.  Ouch!!  So embarassing!!
4	Last year it was awesome! I went to the opening this year with Michael Phelps as the guest.  It was okay but I am assuming since it is still early for pool season the beautiful people have not yet to swarm to Encore Beach Club yet.  It was the first day of work for most of the servers so service was a little meh.  That being said...  the decor is just so beautiful.  I love the layout.  Very classy and you don't have to worry about getting pregnant if you go in the pool. Unlike Wet Republic or moreso Rehab.  Last summer we had a day bed, last week we had a lily pad.  I like the lily pad but only sucky thing is you can't eat on your lily.... Defintely want to go back!!!
5	The best pool party in Vegas! I was there on a Sunday and Calvin Harris was spinning which was awesome.  I can't wait to go back and see Kaskade!Beautiful people, cabanas and lounge chairs everywhere, drinks were on point and the layout was amazing.  The pool was heated which made the windy day a bit more tolerable.  They also had a bag check which I haven't seen at other pool parties.I was at Marquee Dayclub the day before and it doesn't even come close to Encore Beach Club!
3	We had a group of 16 people and had reserved (with a credit card) a cabana about three weeks in advance.  When we got there we were informed that the cabana would be an extra $1000 cash, or we could just get a day bed.  Caveat Emptor!!!!  While we were piling 16 people's stuff on the daybed we saw the same host trying to negotiate the same deal with another group who turned him down and left, and as a result the daybed next to us remained empty.Luckily we are from San Diego and pretty relaxed so we just went with it and rallied around the daybed.Once inside the service was impeccable.  Yes the drinks are expensive, but it's par for the course at a high end pool.  It's not overly crowded, the music was great, and the pool and surroundings were clean.  Great people watching, and we really enjoyed ourselves.  AND our waitress was amazingly beautiful and so sweet.If we had not gotten the shake down on the way in I would have given it 5 stars, but once you put your credit card down I consider that a contract and it's a little shady to break that.  My friend contacted management and they have indicated they "will handle the situation internally".
5	--Entry to Encore Beach Club = $40--One mixed drink = $15--Private daybed or bungalow = No idea I ain't throwing down for that $hit!--Dancing in my bikini front row while Lil Jon and Steve Aoki sprayed me with bottles of champagne = PRICELESS!
4	i'm a firm believer that as a girl in vegas, spending should be very minimal - ya the necessities you'll have to pick up (housing and travel) but club entry and drinks should be free esp if you're in a large group!  that said, encore beach is the one event i would be willing to splurge on over and over again.  i went on the saturday of memorial day weekend to see afrojack.  presale tickets for girls were $50.  we arrived around 10:30 and only had to wait in a short line.  this was seriously the BEST thing i did in vegas this past weekend.  awesome music, great people-watching, killer drinks.  the only thing that keeps it from being 5 stars is the price.  not only did we drop $50 on tickets but drinks were $15 a pop!  yikes.  the good thing is that all drinks are $15 no matter what you get so after starting with standard pineapple-vodkas we switched over to these really tasty raspberry lemonade drinks and frozen margs for the same price!! :)
4	YAY! I am definitely a fan! Admittedly, I am not the coolest person on earth, especially when it comes to knowing the right people in the club/party scene and/or regarding what's hot or not in Vegas. You would have to ask my friends for that kind of covert info.But thanks to those friends and their special connections, we were living it up at the Encore Beach Club with 2 bed booths and a pool cabana so needless to say, we had a blast! The Encore Beach Club and the XS Nightclub are both at the Encore Hotel & Casino - one is the day party and the other is the night party. I'll be reviewing the latter next. The overall hotel is quite impressive and luxurious; and everywhere you look, it's eye candy galore. That's to be expected in Vegas but in some places, the ratio of "easy on the eyes" viewing is much greater than others. For example, Encore Hotel versus Circus Circus. Ha ha wait, is that place still around? Actually, a more fitting comparison would be the Wet Republic versus the Encore Beach Club. The Wet Republic had gorgeous people everywhere but as one of the most sober people there this past Sunday, I'd have to say that the Encore Beach Club on Monday had 3-4 times the amount of amazing sights to behold than Wet Republic. Beauty is in the eye of the beholder and I am just calling it as I saw it. Plus, my opinion is based solely upon the female population at both day/pool parties. As much as I enjoy watching the Jersey Shore, gorillas, steroid enthusiasts, and full-body tats don't do anything for me; and neither do guys who have more alcohol and/or drugs flowing through their veins than actual red blood cells. To each his own, right Babe?Sorry for being harsh (especially since I was in Vegas) and my intention is not to be mean but like I said earlier, I was one of the most sober people there AND guess what? I still had a spectacular time!!! All I need is music and a little bit of foot room, and I am happy as can be! The Encore Beach Club was awesome! Since we had 3 reserved areas, our group of 24 people didn't have to wait in the gnarly, long line. In fact, we were pulled-off to some side, artificial grassy area where we were carded and stamped. Next, they led us into our reserved area and started bringing-out the non-stop bottle service. Again, as I mentioned earlier, I am truly NOT this cool but we were celebrating my sister's birthday during Memorial Day Weekend and in Vegas, you either Go BIG or Go Home! The guest deejay was DeadMau5 and he definitely lived-up to his hype. His music was fantabulous and I think I danced at least 90% of the time; which when looking back, explains why my feet were so sore when we left. We arrived around 10:30-11am and left just after 7pm. I had a lot of fun at Wet Republic the day before but the Encore Beach Club was hands-down the BEST day/pool party ever!My reviews have become quite the mini-editorials so on that note, I think it's funny that those of us who were neither shirtless nor thonged, stood-out in this crowd of swarming au naturel (or not) bodies and barely-there bikinis. And yes, there were plenty of guys sporting "barely-there" bikini bottoms who thought they could get away with them.No complaints here but my eyes were so overstimulated that at some point, I became numb to the sea of nakedness. In fact, I think only a handful of people stood-out to me that day and it was because I couldn't see their derrieres, washboard abs, or glorious bosoms. You gotta love Vegas!
5	highlight of my MDW with AFROJACK saturday morning!  (note: if you're going on a crazy weekend, def recommend presales!  someone we knew had to pay $225 at the door!)anyway, there's a stripper pole in the middle of the pool.  the pool has cabanas along the edges or "lilypads" with an umbrella each.  there's the stage which accommodates a good amount of people during the daytime when people want to play in the pool!  have not been to surrender so can't say how it is for night time.anyway, it was AWESOME.  we got there early enough, before the pool was insanely packed.  when it got packed, IT GOT PACKED.  a TON of people and the water got gross (on top of that the dirty water on the sidewalks were getting swept towards the pool throughout the day).  drinks were $20 each.went to get food... line was ridiculous, but not as ridiculous as the wait!  the 5 wedges of vegetable quesadillas were very satisfying though... $13 not too bad.we were so lucky with our PERFECT weather!  that with great friends and spectacular music blasting out of AN INCREDIBLE SYSTEM... perfect.  POOL PARTY HERE DEFINITELY RECOMMENDED FOR SUMMER VEGAS-GOERS!check the weather though because the next day was downcast and windy!  did not make it to tao beach for dirty south.
5	1. Get on a guestlist and 2. bring the right number of girls and guys. Those are your two easiest ways of getting into encore beach club.I LOVE encore beach club!!! It's beautiful, clean, classy, and filled with gorgeous people. The sound system is fantastic, as people were shaking their booties all over the place. The people working at ebc were all really really nice, even the bouncers at the door. There is also an area to check your bag for $5, which is really convenient. If you don't want to check your bag though, I would say bring some kind of waterproof tote, something you don't mind getting wet. The food is also pretty good too, although a bit pricey, but that's vegas. Also, for the ladies, feel free to bust out that super skimpy bikini. Ebc is the place to do it! I actually felt conservative compared to what other girls were wearing. What I really like about ebc is that you can enjoy a daytime pool party without feeling like you're on MTV Spring Break. AND I felt safe going into the water, lol. If you wanna go crazy and silly, maybe ebc isn't for you, at least from what I saw. I'll definitely be back as much as I can. Keep it up EBC! :)
4	$50 for men and $30 for the women.
4	Encore Beach Club is a great time...and this coming from Casper herself!!!We tried out the Encore Beach Club this past weekend and had a blast.  There were 8 of us and we feared getting through the line in enough time to get some sun and fun in.  However, the line moves fairly quickly and efficiently (shout out to Julian for helping us ladies out!!!).  An odd experience, however, is the security line once in.  They confiscate everything!!!  My brand new pack of chewing gum, sealed 5-hour energy, and clearly labeled tylenol fell victim.  It felt like Mexican jail...that I may or may not have experienced.  They were nice about it, though.  Just sucks for us non druggies!!!There are gorgeous people everywhere.  Everyone is in party mode and having fun!!!  I hung out in the shade of a tree by the bar while my friends ventured back and forth out to the pool for some fun.  I, of course, was the only extreme whitey and was hard pressed to find shade.  I know I know...who goes to a pool party during the day and avoids the sun?  I am a weirdo and I am okay with that.  I still had a blast, though!!!As much as I hate the sun and pool parties, I will definitely be returning to the Encore Beach Club!!!
5	I haven't been to all of the Las Vegas Pool Parties, but from the ones I have been to, this is definitely in the top 5. If you are looking to have some fun during the day in Vegas, you will not be disappointed if you end up here. It is a target rich environment for both sexes. My friends and I got a poolside couch. We were a party of 6 dudes, so it seemed like the best way to get in. I believe we had to order three bottles, and our bill came to maybe $300 a piece. It was well worth it. Our feet were basically in the water the whole time, we had great views of the entire club, a smoking hot waitress keeping our drinks full, and a very cool security guard looking out for us. The scenery was unreal, the music was good, a couple of celebrity sightings (if you are into that, I'm not, but they were there) and the warm sun, and the day just got better as it went on. My only negative comment would be that they charge $30 for sunscreen, so bring your own. You will cook in that hot Las Vegas sun if you forget your sunscreen and refuse to buy theirs.
5	Encore Beach Club is my favorite pool party in vegas for many reasons. Not only is the pool cleaner than most in Vegas, the people are cleaner. The crowd at Encore Beach was awesome (good looking but most very friendly). I went on a Sunday for Daystars Calvin Harris and reserved a lilypad in the water for a $500 minimum. It helps to have a promoter set this up or they will try and charge you $1000. I advice you to spend the 500 on a bottle rather than mixed drinks, which are usually very watered down. With the bottle purchase you get a ton of mixers. You also have a personal waitress and pool attendant. Very luxurious.Calvin Harris was great as was the set up of the pool area. It never seemed too crowded and the energy felt right the whole day into the night. I would advise coming early and buying tickets ahead of time if you do not plan on purchasing a daybed/lilypad or a cabana (which are pricey)Its a much more intimate experience than Rehab or Wet Republic but the opposite of TAO Beach, which I find dirty, cramped, and too loud. Everything at EBC is great...even the BBQ chicken wrap!
4	Girls, roll with your girls and you will get in for free and avoid the lines!  Though Encore Beach is highly recommended, it still hasn't surpassed the craziness I have experienced at every other day club in Vegas! I feel like this pool party dayclub is more fit for chillin on a few drinks, dancing a little, lounging, and walking around as opposed to the getting fucked up and buck wild type of pool parties. Nonetheless, Encore Beach is definitely sexy, classy and beautiful... definitely worth a try.
4	CRACKIN!  If you plan on coming... Start hitting the gym maybe 2-3 months ahead! Too many gorgeous people everywhere and w/ bodies that would make you feel like you need to hit the gym a bit more or harder! haha.  Definitely a hot spot for Pool Parties & FREE for the peeps who stay at Encore or Wynn!  ooh, So there's this stripper pole in the center of the 3 pools thats somewhat of a stage with water pouring down like a shower, a few random girls was definitely putting on a show! =P  warning to girls if you do attempt, YOU WILL SLIP from the pole if you do or try any of those twirl stuff on the pole haha....   This place is def better as a day pool club than the nightclub, total transformation in scene and really does come to life and uses the area's full potential.  dont get me wrong, the nightclub is good to but this venues strong point is for pool activity!Worth checking out if you want drinks, music, lounging, people watching, people meeting, dancing during the hot desert days...
3	Wow, I must've come here on the wrong day or maybe left too early. This place was crackin? When I went, this was by far one of the tamer pool parties I've been to in Vegas...which isn't necessarily a bad thing because there's only so much of being on level 10 a girl can take. Interestingly enough, EBC reminds me of a bigger, better Tao Beach...similar music, food, prices and partygoers.My girls and I never pay to get into these pool parties or nightclubs so therefore, even though EBC wasn't really poppin the day we went, there was no love lost. Also, ladies and gents, customary to 99% of pool parties in Vegas, you MUST pay to sit somewhere comfortable and shady. I have a tan year-round so the sun is not somewhere I want to be for very long. That sunburnt look is not cute.Overall I think it's nice, more upscale than most pool parties, and the music is decent. I'll be back.
5	MDW 2011 What can I say that hasn't been said...this place is gorgeous. So I'll speak to my experience from a guy's perspective. I was one of the first dudes in this place and I actually found a seat that was right in front of the stage. Also, the staff was very friendly and for once in my life my bar tab in Vegas wasn't through the roof!! :) Anyway, Deadmau5 was good but the best part about my experience was meeting Steve Wynn! And not just meeting the guy I actually had a conversation. Steve is totally down to earth and he was genuinely interested in what I had to say. Overall great time and I will definitely come back.
5	Dear EBC, You made me hungover and unable to fully enjoy Marquee on Saturday, but I ain't mad at cha. Love, Jewels
4	Too many beautiful people walking around. Cover charge for girls was $30 & for guys, it was $75. Then I heard some lady tell someone it was time to jack up the price for guys & it changed to $100. Cool beansssss. Sucks to have a dick in Vegas sometimes, eh?Service here is HORRIBLE. The security & all of the staff have major issues. They get off on the power trip they enforce when they tell you to move aside or that you shall not enter the premises because your table is at max. capacity. It helps to remember that they're only important when they work, otherwise they're plebeians like the rest of us that don't want to throw away thousands of dollars for a cabana. Also, that they're doing their job in the rudest way possible.Drinks are expensive, hey what's new? The entire area is pretty expansive & the DJ was really good. Nice setup in general.
4	While my friends were all energized for ebc, I was still beat from electric daisy carnival the night before. I wasn't really in the perfect mood to be dancing and having fun and ESPECIALLY getting ready... But when I heard that laidback luke is spinning, I decided I should just go and make use of this, and boy, am I sure glad I came out.We got ourselves a daybed with an umbrella so we didnt have to stand in the heat and we could lay there and tan. They also gave us complimentary margaritas which was really nice of them =). Supposedly laidback luke was to come on at 3, but he didnt start spinning til like 4. ( I dont blame him, he had an afterparty set to spin at xs ) When he did came on, he made the day so much better.The crowd was okay. I didnt expect much for a monday. I love how every workers had a lighter on them, so I could just come up to any workers, to light my cigs. They were always on point with our towels and stuff. The only thing that was pretty gay was that we couldnt splash like how we can at tao beach. I mean i know people around us dont like getting splashed but it sure does take all the fun out of it. My friends and I just do it anyways. lol. But I had alot of fun regardless.
3	Much more laidback crowd than what you would expect at Vegas, which is totally cool if you're looking for a slow day of $$ lounging and tanning. The pool area is very large, but you gotta pay for any kind of seating though. Recommend coming with a large group and purchasing a daybed or cabana... and bringing some tanning oil plus other things to keep you occupied since the pool is pretty dead. Music was very light. Security is super tight ... they check everything in your bag, including the cracks and crannies of your wallet.There was free le orange grey goose cocktail samples and cupcakes floating around and free messages and flower painted toes/nails going on in one of the cabanas.
5	Im not sure if it gets better than this but we shall see when i go back LDW... I went here this past Sunday and AFrojack (sexiest dj ever) was there...The line wasnt that bad maybe 5 minutes tops and we already had tickets so maybe that helped... We got our hotel guest wristband and they searched our purse and BOOM BOOM POW the partying begins!!! We were shuffling all frigin day poolside, in the pool by the DJ and everything...DJ R3HAB started it off really nice. There was a good ratio of girls and guys and plenty HOTS and not too many NOTS...My entertainment other than music was laughin at the cowboy hat guy and these two muscular dudes dancing 24/7 with pink shades on lol....I swear a corona was $10 which was funny being from TN where than can be like $2 but oh well....good times
5	My pal Daniel G put me & my 5 girlfriends on the list, so no cover for us. Security was a bit strict with what items you can bring is, so travel light. We were just getting settled by the pool when Patrick the VIP host asked us if we'd like to join a couple guys in their cabana. Of course we said yes & enjoyed free mojitos with some nice guys for a few hours. Beautiful pool, great music, fun crowd, and no idiots splashing in the pool like they're 5 years old. Perfect day!
5	This place is great! One of the day time coolest parties in town! It can get busy to get in, but totally worth the wait once you are inside.  Pretty cool music and the atmosphere is phenomenal!! If you can, get a VIP staff to help you locate your spot inside cuz its pretty crowded!! Crazy ass people but it comes with the package!! Definitely will come back!
4	Encore Beach Club was awesome blossom; a great way to start a wknd in Vegas with some good friends.  We were able to get in for free so that was fab.  The place is def gorgeous.  We went during the day to lounge around, drink and get some sun.  There were lily pad's, day beds, food, a bar, pretty much everything you would need to be able to stay and lounge around.  Our group had two lily pads and we ordered about 5 pitchers of drinks.  Drinks were pretty awesome and it was definitely refreshing since it was super hot in Vegas. There are dance poles at the center of the pole and there was some pretty interesting ppl who went up to dance.  Especially this chick in a rainbow bikini - my friends nicknamed her rainbow bright.  But she was freakin crazy. lol.  she was definitely on something, but she was dancing on the pole and around the pool for hours.  So that was pretty interesting.  But my friends and I had a pretty good buzz...just in time for clubbing at Marquee. ;)
1	You will notice two things right away...1 The pool area is very small. and 2 Security is tight, not even water bottles or eye drops are allowed in. Yes they will go through your ENTIRE bag at the entrance. Drinks are $15 and day beds and cabanas in the high $500+ range
5	Definitely a good place to relax after a long drunken night! I was here during EDC weekend (which was the amazin btw) I went on a sunday to chill n relax my body before partyin all night at EDC. Encore beach is pretty big compared to other pool parties (tao beach) and what made it even better was AFROJACK was the guest dj! Word of Advice:If youve never been to a pool party, well the more popular ones. Dont expect to get a lawn chair/seat if you didnt reserve a table. Learned my lesson the first time and to put all my stuff on the ground and had no where to lay down n tan =[ if youre not on guestlist or a dude get in line early (10-11am)!! admission goes up up every 15 minutes especially if theres a big dj
4	I haven't lived in Las Vegas long but I have been going to the pools here for a few years now. Some of my fave in the beginning were Moorea Beach (european tanning) and the Palms pool when GoVentures started hosting Love/Fab fest on the big holiday wknds. I have not been to the Wynn or Encore but once, to try and get into XS but the line was EXCESSIVE so we decided to pass. Anywho.... it was 4th of july wknd and since we did the 3 day thing for EDC (and I wasn't off on monday) we were going to lay low. However, I won a table to see Tiesto at the Joint on Saturday night and we decided to keep the mood going with a daybed to see Afrojack on the 4th. I had 5 people with me that were going to assist with the bill so we had thought this would work out. Bottom line, I spent WAY more than I had intended, but Afrojack was amazing, the vibe was excellent and we even got to see Steve Aoki and Lil' Jon up close and personal. That's probly the best part about this pool- the DJ booth is so close, you can almost touch them and I guess if your big pimpin', or just got alot of money, you can even get a table right there next to the stage to party at.Its expensive here. Holiday wknds make it even more so. Im looking forward to checking out the dippin thing they do at night on Thursday nights to see if its possible to enjoy this place on a budget.I have to say in general Im sorta bummed that we as locals, who can support the places more so than the occasional tourist... don't really catch any breaks. Groupon anyone? lolSome points to remember:*best to get in line early if you don't have a daybed/cabana (guests of the hotel do not get any perks as far as getting any prior to anyone else)*I would think guys would be better off going in a group and getting a daybed or lilypad and splitting the cost*drinks are expensive Goose = 495 a bottle, pitchers are 85 and eating here isn't cheap either (however the food isnt that great, I have had school lunchroom food that was better)
5	"Las Vegas is sort of like how God would do it if he had money."  -Steve WynnExactly as Mr. Wynn states above, he created this divine masterpiece and catastrophe known as the Encore Beach Club. From the outside, one must believe they see creatures in relation to the  Greek Gods and Goddesses such as Zeus and Aphrodite, or possibly "The Situation" and "Snookie". Upon further inspection, one notices that these are actually just very good looking people enjoying the best that Vegas has to offer. Mr. Wynn did this one right; however I'm not too sure what he hasn't done correct in his era. The Encore Beach Club is a huge 60,000 foot venue full of paradise; Definitely the most beautiful women I've seen in one place during my 24 years of existence. Three pools, plenty of poles for people to get their groove on in the middle of the pools, and plenty of lily pads and cabanas for people to spend their last dime on. I believe it would be safe to use "When in Rome", as the Romans do when at the Encore Beach Club.For those of you that can't seem to stop gambling and furiously need the IV rush, there are plenty of tables right next to the bars. $25 minimum. Convenient right? I mean you wouldn't want to be caught being a cheapo when you're throwing down Benjamins next to the hot-bod brunette at the bar. Across, you'll find the DJ spinning the current vibes keeping the energy going. There's also a food grill at the end, which I didn't have the pleasure of enjoying.To get to the brunt of it, came here on 7/3/11 with 5 comrades and 2 ladies. Been to Vegas tons of times, but never had the pleasure of enjoying a pool party. Calvin Harris was awesome. The women were beyond beautiful. The drinks were overpriced and expensive. Security had big heads and weren't the most generous people in Vegas. The cover was ridiculously expensive. But it was all worth it. Why? It's Vegas baby.PS: Don't be the guy who forgot his sunglasses, forgot to tan, and has a hairy chest. You'll thank me later.
4	First time here was for my Hubby's bday we got a day bed and rocked out.  Amazing!Second time was for a bachelorette.  Rain Rain go away! Rains like 3 times a year in LV and i swear it rain all Three days we were there!  Poured the day we went to Encore BEach Club to see Kaskade.  Crowd is young and half naked!  Our bottle girl was gorgeous!  Music is pumping! and the Pool and decor looks like a resort.  Day beds all around the pool and lily pads in the pool.  Cabanas all around the outside.  Even a second layer of cabanas.  Love this place.  One of the best pool parties in Vegas
5	It was my first time going here las Saturday. It was a little different for me bc im used to going here at night for Surrender. But I had a blast here alot of the women there were drawn to me and my boy bc we were from the BAY AREA so we go alot of love there which was nice. Alot of pretty girls wearing pretty much nothing which I liked.Drinks were reasonably priced, we had alot to drink and it felt like we weren't there that long maybe bc all of the women I was making out with and entertaining but yeah the music was cool the DJ catered to everyone BAY AREA, LA, locals and Euros. Prob the funniest parts of the day was when I got prob the best lap dance I've ever had bar none and the fact my boy got so F@#%'d up he couldn't walk and he got taken out by a ER helpers and tried to refuse their help haha....  And for some reason there the women I was kissing they seemed to like to bite my lips as we were kissing, kinda like Rehab.. Thats weird..? lol
3	Don't get me wrong, I love this place but a couple things concerned me on this last visit. Security is not as great as you would think.  I brought in something very easily and if I can that means everyone else can. Also, I saw a girl slip and fall and hit her head.  The staff helped her up but did not really check to make sure she was ok.  Kaskade was amazing so of course I would go back.
3	Meh...I don't know what the big hoopla is about this place, maybe I went on the wrong weekend (July 4th weekend), but I didn't think it was all that great. Definitely have to be on the guestlist to avoid lines and sorry guys you have to pay $40! Dayam! At least girls on the guestlist get in for free.They are super strict about what you bring into the area, and will search every nook and cranny of your bag. They made my friends trash bottled water, snacks, Visine, any type of medication - even allergy or heartburn meds (They say they get a lot of drug use there, which I believe). Pretty crowded so there was no room for us 7 girls to put down our towels. Some of our purses got completely drenched because we had to lay our bags by the pool. Cabanas start at $3000 I heard and you have to pay for the lily pads to sit on as well.The pools are shallow kiddie pools, not something you can swim in, but it was nice to just sit in the pool and get some sun. Decent atmosphere with decent music, but probably won't come back again. I'd rather go to a hotel pool so I can have somewhere to lay out and put down my things without paying an arm and a leg.
4	Encore Beach Club was really great - great looking people, good music, and good service.Why only 4 stars? The line (even for cabana reservations) was long and they definitely overbooked. We had a large group and had several things set up - a table, a lilypad, and an upstairs cabana and service was good, but not impeccable (and it should be for the prices you're paying!).The table was comfy and was a good place to store your bags and shoes and you could order both food and drink. The Lilypad was a great place to be in and out of the pool at the same time .... but you can't order food or store your stuff (so luckily we had both the Lilypad and the table!). Service at both was good - but our hostess was definitely overbooked and it was hard to track her down.The cabana service was top notch .... unfortunately, you can't be in the pool and the cabana at the same time which I think is good if your group is older and wants to stay away from the mess, but all we wanted to do was dance in the pool. For the price of a cabana, I think it should have some easy pool access (or some sort of mini pool, like Liquid Lounge) to tie the whole thing together.Overall, it was a great pool party - our various hostesses were really sweet despite the crowd and we had an amazingly fun day.As long a this doesn't turn into Rehab, I will definitely be back!
5	I've always love this beach club!!!Came here for a bachelorette party. . .free entry and when we arrived there was barely ppl inside so we got first dibs on the spot we wanted to claim.  All the employees were very friendly and accomodating.  Thanks for your help and taking millions of pictures for us! hahahaEverything abt this place is amazing! I love the ambiance of it.The music was awesome too.  Lots and Lots of beautiful ppl! It wasn't as crowded as TAO nor cramped.  When we ordered drinks the bartenders make all the drinks pretty stiff tho the price for the drinks are pretty up there, but hey its vegas!I had such a blast here.
4	I've been to most of the pool parties on the strip and Encore Beach Club is my favorite. They beach club is big and they have multiple pools so there's always room in the pool when I'm there. The drinks are pretty outrageously priced, but I usually go because they have great headliner DJs.My one complaint about this venue is that the floors are VERY slippery when wet...which is why they constantly have staff members sweeping the water away. I've seen at least 20 people in my visits to the beach club slip and its not pretty. So my suggestion would be to ALWAYS wear slippers when going to and from the bar, bathroom, tables or wherever you're headed.
3	Overpriced and too loud.  Maybe I'm too old for a daytime nightclub environment, or maybe being a local I am just not into being obnoxiously overcharged. Whatever it is I was not that impressed.The decor and setting are both beautiful. The music was great but it would have been better if it were turned down a notch to be able to carry on a conversation. There was nowhere to sit or lay down unless you rent a daybed or cabana.Naturally, the people watching was phenomenal. It is Vegas!This is definitely a tourist attraction where people are willing to drop hundreds if not thousand of dollars for a day of fun in the sun. The only reason it didn't get 2 stars is because I was on the guestlist and therefore didn't have to pay the entrance fee and I walked out with a free bikini as part of a giveaway.
4	I had SUCH a blast here.  I don't know how it normally works, but my friend had already booked a cabana so we got to bypass the line and go right in.  Thank GOD for that because it was 100+ degrees and I would have literally melted if I had to wait in that line.We got a cabana (includes a daybed) and it was PERFECT.  It was nice to run in there when you needed a break from the sun, or if you wanted to lay out on the daybed away from the craziness of the pool.  You have your own server to make you drinks, HOWEVER, they barely add alcohol to them so stick with beer.  It's incredibly frustrating considering how much money you pay to be in those cabana's, the least they could do is give you what you pay for (hence the 1 star deduction). The servers are all really nice, and great eye candy for the boys.  All a size 0 with HUGE....personalities.....?We stayed in the pool 99% of the time and just danced.  Our server just brought our corona buckets over to where we were in the pool which was awesome and the DJ played great music!
5	best pool party ever!- drunk at 2 pm = typical Vegas.- food + alcohol + no wait for ladies room ( in the cabana area ) .- great house music!- Met a cutie got us free cabana + unlimited drinks/food. o yahhhhhhhhh!
4	I always leave against my will. This not so typical pool party usually caters to a higher crowd, not necessary snotty, but people who don't appreciate meatheads splashing around (if I wanted to get wet, wouldn't I be in the water?). I've seen two of my favorite DJs here: Kaskade and Dada Life. For artists like this, EBC provides an intimate setting where I literally gave high 5's to the DJs. WIN!So why only 4/5? It's really hard to get into Encore Beach Club unless you buy a ticket or you know someone, and even then it can be a crapshoot (HA!). Since it isn't owned by Steve Wynn, Encore/Wynn guests are NOT guaranteed admission. Don't think I agree with that but they do make a mean Jon Daly (Sweet Tea Vodka and lemonade)
4	Great place the staff was very helpfull and friendly.  This is the perfect daytime beach party in Vegas and if you can do the cabana service then go for it because it just takes the party up another notch.  Even without having a personal cabana this is a must see place in Vegas the people are nothing short of beautiful and the DJ keeps the party going to the extreme with hot tracks.Just be careful though keep your personals close or  locked in your cabana safe as in close and lock the safe because some of the staff are known to have sticky fingers.
3	My friend managed to get us onto the guest list through her promoter and our group of 5 girls and 3 guys got in for free, with no problems.Other than the loud club music, there's not much difference between a "beach club" and a regular hotel pool. Except you actually have lounge chairs to place your stuff and sit in, while at a beach club, you can only do that if you buy a table/bottle service, which is dumb imo.  If I had to choose, I'd pick a plastic lounge chair + book + personal iPod, over loud club music + lounge couches + stripper poles in the middle of the pool to dance on.Tables start off at $300, reaching up to $1800 for a cabana, which the club suggested we get since we had 8 people.  $1800 for a cabana LOL do we look like we're made out of money??  I don't even think we stayed for more than two hours!  It was a nice experience, but I wouldn't go back unless a friend (of a friend) got a table.
5	I would like to thank encore beach for having the best day pool party.  Got in for free, drank for free, then passed out in the pool.
5	This is THE BEST pool party in Las Vegas! The people are beautiful people, great dance music, delicious drinks...everything you need. I am glad Calvin Harris is here-he's my fave!I have been to Vegas twice this summer and make this place a priority-additionally I have recommended EBC to everyone I know! Note: Get on a guest list or buy a table. It's not that difficult to get on the list if you reach out. Just make sure to show up if you're on a list. Oh, and tip your servers/bartenders well!
2	Never before have I seen such a high concentration of fake eyelashes, fake boobs, spray tan, and Ed Hardy douche bag debauchery in my WHOLE ENTIRE LIFE!!  Kaskade is arguably the best DJ in the whole world, and I'm not sure if even he can save this place!  And forget about all your fake fans and band-wagoners, we go way back, when he was big city from San Francisco trying to make a buck at skills dj workshop.     I'm glad my room had the pool view, so I was able to enjoy his music while I was fermenting in my room with my blackout shades during my recovery from the night before at XS.  See also my review for XS :)
4	A lot of things go into the fabulous experience I had here - a great DJ, good crowd ready to dance, and good drinks. Pricey drinks, but good ones...even a friendly bartender who suggested a couple of mods to the weaksauce Malibu pineapple I asked for (can't a girl get her high school fave without being hustled about it? :-).Yes, this can be hobag and douchebag central. Consider that your free entertainment, and one of the few things you can get for free here. Once again, this is not a walk-in kind of place, though it's apparently not hard to get on a list of some sort if you want to.In principle, I'm opposed to any place that invites you in but 1. has a low human-to-chair ratio, and 2. expects you to pay a ridiculous premium for utilizing said chairs. On that level, I'm fighting a losing battle with places like Encore. But if you take it for what it is, and are willing to play the game, you can still have a great time. There are lots of suggestions here in the reviews for making the most of your experience here if you don't already have the fabled Vegas hookup.
5	Came back this past weekend and got a couch for my little bro's 21st birthday. Had to update this review and say that we could not ask for better service! Our promoter, servers, and security were fantastic. Can't wait to do it again!
4	I love this pool. For starters, the layout is neat and it's a lot more spacious than the other over 21 pools. Even on a busy afternoon, there's still plenty of space and you don't end up feeling like a sardine. The crowd is happy, the music is upbeat, and there's actually places to sit other than the daybeds/cabanas. Guestlist is seriously easy to get on (we were already set but there are people inside Encore handing out business cards for guestlist as well). Fridays are my favorite day to go since they do the giveaways and have been supplying most of my summer swimsuits (and I mean designer ones that typically cost $150). Security is pretty nice, the staff are helpful, and I've actually seen the lifeguards doing their job instead of standing around talking and not looking at the pool. In Vegas, of course, this doesn't mean CPR so much as pulling the drunk guys off the stripper poles. This is probably my favorite pool in town and the only one I go to every single week.
5	EBC: beautiful people, awesome dj's and always an awesome timeFive stars to show my appreciation for: not waiting in line (thanks to Julian) upgrades to cabanas and comped drinks (thanks to amazing staff) If coming with guys, I highly suggest arriving early and/or getting a daybed/cabana. Ladies, get on the guestlist or look hot enough to cut the line. Take your own: sunscreen, tanning oil because the bathroom attendants will charge you $5 per use. They will search your bags thoroughly, so be careful what you take with you ;]
5	i love this pool., so fun, good dj's, great music. good place to party. cabana's are nice, we walked right in, no problem, but it was because we were part of a cabana, which is a good way to go
5	the place to be !! loved it here! i would recommend it to anyone who likes to party.
3	Def need to check this place out again. I went with just my bf when he was visiting and it was fun, but def think it would be a different experience with a group of girls. It's huge! Get there early and get on a guestlist so you don't have to wait in line. I got there around 12:30, walked right in. Neither of us had to pay cover.. Perfect!Drinks are average prices.. very yummy! Pool was nice. Since daybeds are crazy $$, coming early made it easy to find a place to put our stuff eventhough some girl decided to put her stuff on top of ours! Whatever.. We stayed until around 3pm.. The music was mostly house which seems to be everywhere in Vegas but not my favorite.
5	Just got back from Vegas and was here on Saturday for labor day weekend. Incredible! Just think of it as the playboy mansion on steroids!Got here around 1pm with hardly any wait at all. Steve Angello was spinning and kept everybody pumped. This place is a must for everyone vacationing in vegas. I'll be back for sure!
3	We enjoyed our first day of LDW 2011 at this pool. I previously had only seen the club at night and it's pretty amazing!! I love the red theme the hotel carries throughout the entire resort.It has a modern vibe and definitely one of the nicest of the larger pool complexes in Las Vegas. We didn't get a bed or a cabana and during large events that can be extremely frustrating. There is really nowhere to put your belongings or sit down other than in the pool. Someone needs to be watching your stuff at all times, as there is always crowds of drunk people walking around the pool. Not exactly carefree partying in my mind.We didn't have to wait in line as we were on a list, but if you aren't getting a bed or a cabana which require you to be there early, it seemed pretty easy after 1pm to get right in. Not sure if it's as simple for both men and women. Sorry guys usually have to pay and it's always harder to get in unless you know someone.The music  by DJ Steve Angello during LDW was incredible, but I recall it being good in the night club too. The only drawback is not enough bar tenders during peak hours. On several occasions it was a battlefield to get to the bar and the wait was at least 20 mins or more. Talk about buzz kill. I recall the bars on the west side of the pool were faster and less crowded, but who knows if that's the norm.The only saving grace while waiting at the bar is people watching. It's amazing to see what some people will do thinking no one is really paying attention to them. Not sure whether is pathetic or funny. Another kind of irritating thing is I don't think we ever saw one server come up to our group the entire time. Can't blame them if they are working a private cabana or bed, but there should still be some roaming servers. We did get some free Heineken beers. They must have been sponsoring the event that day.Beware it does get extremely crowded. Which is either a good thing or a bad thing depending on how you look at it. Definitely, save your pennies because drinks are super super expensive!!! Expect to pay about $16 for cocktails and about $10 for beers. It's Vegas and that's normal at most of the nicer pools. I draw the line at $15 dollars for one shot of premium liquor. That is a joke!Would I go to another party at Encore for sure if we had a cabana, but I much prefer the service and the scene at the Encore Euro pool in the late afternoon.  The music is just as upbeat and there are far fewer drunken musclebound or bimbo idiots parading around the pool like they are hot sh*t!Good times for sure!!
4	SOOOOOO much fun!!!! We had a couch under the awning across from the Dj Booth and right next to the gambling tables!!! Perfect since we were gambling and Will I am was Dj'ing. We were seated next to two table of peeps in there 30's-40's and we all had a blast!!! This is not Rehab!! There was serious parting going on, including some slipping and sliding. The poles in the center of the pool brought out the inner stripper in a lot of girls who some how managed to have heels on up there??? The food and drinks were awesome and our server's Valerie and Will were so attentive!!  We did not meet the  minimum for our bed and she was able to quickly calculate the amount of shots required to meet our quota. again SO MUCH FUN!! I will definitely go back, you should too...unless your under 25 : )
5	What can I say? It's either this or Wet Republic, and I just LOVE both.Lots of sexy people listening to GREAT music and just enjoying the sun, water, and each other!LOVE hittin up the pool parties in Vegas! This place is amazing and hard to get into, so make sure you're either ready to spend money or time. If not, you have to get there super early!I highly recommend this to someone who likes to work hard and play hard! You deserve it :D
5	Love it!! Be prepared to drop some $$. If you're staying at Wynn/Encore you can get tickets at the concierge desk. Chairs are free but you must reserve them and spend a minimum of $500 on drinks. It would be worth it if you had 4+ people. There's no where to put your stuff otherwise so try to bring as little as possible. The music is a mix of club/trance/top 40. The DJ knew how to get the party started. Bathrooms are clean and well stocked with anything you'd need (perfume, sunscreen, tanning lotions...)
5	I was very reluctant to go to Encore Beach Club, mainly because I was a guy, and being a guy in Vegas kind of sucks sometimes.  Fortunately, there wasn't too much trouble getting in and the price was pretty normal for a club event in Vegas.My friends and I were still recovering from the night prior, but we had a little bit of rage left in us to hit up the pool party.  You definitely need to claim a spot the moment you get in, because the place gets packed pretty quick.  It was our friend's birthday, so she made sure to get all the arrangements together before we even got there.The drinks here are strong, which is good because so are the prices.  But with the help of a little pre-game and a couple drinks from the bar, you should be straight.The music is awesome!  That is if you like House Music.  But honestly, if you go to Vegas and not expect to hear House, you're freakin' crazy!  The DJs here have some great remixes.  If you want to see a bunch of people go crazy in a pool to some bumpin' music, go to Encore Beach Club!Be forewarned there can be a few douchebags in the pool that like to ruin everyone's fun.  Something about a inflatable ball brings back repressed memories of their childhood and they feel like it's their duty to take out their pain on everyone else; and the ball :(
5	My favorite pool party in Las Vegas! This is as good as it gets for the most part. Huge pool, lots of people, great eye candy and awesome music with some of the best DJs spinning here all summer. Be aware that it does get crowded and sometimes hard to get in (unless you know someone or are willing to pay for a cabana/table). Even then the prices for cover and bottle service can be on the higher side.There is plenty of space to sit in the pool and even dance in the pool should you so choose. The challenge with this place is that you can't bring anything in with you (you can check your backpack or try to just bring a really small bag). The music and vibe is really good and people are friendly. Enjoy the sun, fun, music, and everything else that a mega pool party has to offer!
5	gorgeous people + smoking hot bodies + sick beats + beautiful venue + always perfect weather = Encore Beach ClubI was constantly sucking in my tummy fat because my size 2 waist categorizes me as obese here... Thankfully I can hide my torso in the water... aside from that.. a super chill atmosphere :)
5	Best pool party in Vegas. I was impressed in soooo many ways. I went to Surrender and thought it was ok, but as a daytime pool party Enocre Beach Club is off the hook!I first attended the pool party the 4th of July weekend last year and was appalled when I was asked to pay cover. Moi and my girlfriend? Cover? I complained but sucked it up, forked over 30 dollars (they were charging guys 100) and 20 minutes later was glad I did!Stripper poles in the water help with potential slippage and make for good pictures you won't post on Facebook. KASCADE spinning was the BEST! Everyone was happy, friendly, and had a killer body. Ladies: wear your high heels with your snazzy (think gold metal rings, shiny metallic colors, bedazzed sequined) bikini to lengthen you out. Don't worry, a cover up and a few drinks will take the edge off the social comparison if that's more your speed. As a note, the last time I went here I had to drive back to the OC after, and had only 1 drink. Even so, I still had one of the best times of my club-going life! The music and crowd is so good, you can get your natural high (wait, is that even legal in Vegas?) on and maybe even save some money on drinks.A must-visit during pool party season! Cough up the cover and dance your bikini off (well, maybe keep it on while you are actually AT the pool)!
1	Arghh!  Cheesey late night fare.  We went there after-hours on an event.  Trollops everywhere.  We got a VIP table.  They charged us $1500 the space which included a bottle of Grey Goose and a bottle of  Petrone.  Whatever, on that.  It wasn't our scene and we decided not to stay right away.  I thought it wasn't cool that they refused to let us take the bottles with us  when we left.  What's the harm?  We weren't taking up their VIP space any longer and we paid for it all.  Calculate this:Since we didn't stay, there was no service, and there was no taking up the VIP space.  So the alcohol ended up factoring = aprox $750 per bottle.  Geeze, at least let us cork it and go.  booo. boooo.
5	My favorite Beach Club Party in Vegas.
5	Word of advice: If you see a girl whispering "Hey, come over here" and gestering for you to come hither, trust them. They might just give you access to free day bed, drinks, and most of all good company. This is Vegas baby; everyone is your friend. If no kind stranger approaches you, have no worries. Promoters want people on the guestlist! Go out during the day and night and you can easily get connected for the guestlist (easier for girls than guys, but guys can still get a good deal). Otherwise, $20 for girls $30 for guys. Came here on a lazy Sunday, slightly windy but still very sunny. Came here early for the free mimosas and it was pretty empty and then picked up later on. During the night, the beach club is Surrender, so there is a DJ/dance area space. BEAUTIFUL pool, sparking with cleanness with lots of classy day beds and cabanas. The staff was SUPER nice and  attentive. Maybe a little too much..kept arranging our shoes. Haha, nonetheless very nice especially bartender Dave, saved us from our sobriety. Big shout out to him because he took open bar mimosas seriously and was very generous with champagne. Other drinks. The kind Samaritans got a pitcher of Raspberry Lemonade and Mojito. Both DELISH but the obvious favorite is Raspberry Lemonade. We bought them a pitcher, which was pretty pricey ($85) but a good time with new friends is priceless!It might be a good idea to get a table/day bed/cabana because there were a lot of people who just had to leave their things by the planters, which isn't ideal in my opinion. Kinda pricey- I think the girls dropped around $700, but just talk to a promoter. Day beds are so awesome...Pool. Music. Drinks. Sun. I was a happy girl. Backstroking across the pool listening to the music through the water and looking at the sky. Perfection.
5	I had the time of my life at the beach club! Great DJ/music, great ambience, and definitely great drinks! Ladies got free mimosas!
5	Oh Em gee. What a perfect day to go to Encore Beach Club. Get a promoter to get you on the list...no basketball shorts or jerseys allowed..and don't bring anything illegal, weapons, medicines, or anything suspicious like. If you accidentally have them with you ...like my advil... They will make you pay $5 for a locker.Pros: -free mimosa .. I got enough to get me a little buzz-don't have to feel self conscious about your body here because there's someone who's always chubbier than you-free towel for you so you dont have bring your own-clean bathroom.. But to all the girls who like to share stalls, not allowed.-hot lifeguards..hehe-the workers there organize your things so that way its not a fire hazard...Like they'll organize your flip flops and roll up the towels for youCons: -unfortunately everyone is so hot looking here. Toned and sexy-other than mimosa is $15 a drink-pool is warm... Too warm on a hot day Buzzin at 2 pm. Gotta love Vegas
5	This is the best pool I've ever been to. I stayed at the Wynn on April 21st and paid $100 for me and $50 for my female friend for tickets the night before. Sunday was opening day with Tiesto. We showed up half an hour before the opening and had a private line for pre-paid hotel guests, ahead of everyone else (who were in a massive line). We were the first ones in at 11 am. A host showed us to a perfect, free spot right along the pool facing Tiesto. Within a couple of hours the place filled up. It was the most attractive crew I've ever seen. Half of the girls looked like models, and my friend was drooling over the guys. We met a great group of people and were able to get within feet of Tiesto to dance. I went to Rehab last year and this blew it away. Far cleaner, nicer, and much more attractive people. I had a huge amount to drink and my total bill was $225. So for $325 (including entrance) to get wasted at one of the best parties I've ever been too....more than worth it, as a special occasion. I'm dying to go back.
2	Went for Tiesto daystar sundays...Big disappointment.Pro: Line was short around 12 when we got there...pool is big.Cons:  DRINKS ARE STUPID EXPENSIVE- 9 bucks for beer.  THIS IS AFTER PAYING $150 TO GET IN!  Mixed drinks are $20.  Con:  Life guards are little boys blowing their whistle at everything you do.  No splashing, no swimming, no having fun, no food ANYWHERE near the pool-bunch of wankers.Con:  There were like 6 hrs of openers, who all play really shitty dirty dutch, then tiesto played 1.5 hrs, then left. Honestly, don't waste your money, or go to a smaller party like Wet.  Much better stage, much better sound, cheaper drinks, nicer people.
4	This place was pretty cool.  I got there pretty late (like 2ish) and unfortunately still had to pay $50 to get in, but if you're a guy in Vegas, you're probably expecting to pay about that much to get into most places anyway.  The pool was pretty cool, and packed.  My friends had already found a spot to chill, but I'm not sure how difficult that was (it was a pain in the ass over at the MGM pool party).  There were plenty of people, and people-watching is... much more enjoyable at a pool, so even if you're just relaxing, you'll probably have a good time (though you might not enjoy the prices so much).  I don't remember exactly how much I paid for drinks, but I'd expect pretty standard Vegas prices (aka: expensive as fuck), so be prepared.Overall: A popular pool party with good music, but expect to spend a good amount if you wanna get drunk there.
5	Wow. Just wow.Went to EBC last Saturday, and we had such a good time that we went back again on Sunday. Huge pool, large crowds, great music, beautiful women...what more can you ask for? They get really big name DJ's to spin here and Sebastian Ingrosso from Sweedish House Mafia was spinning on Sunday, good times.Drinks are typical Vegas fare so come prepared. Towels are provided which is nice. The bar can get pretty crowded when the place is jumping off. The vibe was seriously on point both days and now any Vegas trip for me will be incomplete without stopping by EBC. Next step is to book one of their expensive cabanas for my birthday in August, see you there!
5	This was my second time at Encore Beach Club, and enjoyed it both times. We had a day bed for my friend's bachelorette party and was well worth it. Huge and clean pool, great DJs and music, food and alcohol were good, staff was great! Can't wait to come back in June!
5	BEST POOL PARTY IN VEGAS!Beautiful people left and right.... including the staff! Surprise guest Ne-Yo when we went for opening week, score! STIFF drinks, well worth the $15 p/drink. They have food too... which is super tasty - nachos/wraps/etc. If you have to wait in line (like I did) it moves super fast, so don't get impatient. Beautiful set-up. 2 different pools (that aren't attached, but super close together) There are cabanas and lounge areas, but of course you have to pay for those. The only downfall was there is basically no where to put your stuff. You always have to have someone watching your things/on patrol because you will have to leave it by a planter or something, unless you want it getting drenched poolside. Also, the places to sit & hang out are very limited. If you get their early you can snag a spot along the edge of the pool, if not....plan on finding a party to sit with, stand/sit in the pool or just dance around like no ones watching.A must-go to place if you're in Vegas. You'd be crazy to miss out on this party.
5	Have you been to a pool party in Vegas? No? Thinking about going to one? Yea?Go to EBC, and it'll change the way you think about partying in Vegas or anywhere. What can I say?  We had a cabana right by the entrance, spent a bomb and it was soooo worth it. Regardless, it's a beautiful club, BIG and spacious and all you hear is amazing music and all you see is beautiful people. So, grab a drink, people watch, dance with somebody, enjoy the sun, take a dip in the pool, and repeat that process all day long.And yea, EBC always brings the best DJ's in the world - we saw Pete Tong and he spun an epic set.Price wise - it's not going to be cheap..it's Vegas. If you can afford a daybed/cabana then go for it, else just hanging out is just as fun!
1	If I could give 0 stars, I would...  Not sure what the 5 stars that everyone is giving is for - thinking that some of these yelp reviews are rigged by promoters trying to get more people to go here...Anyway, I got hooked up by a promoter with the bachelorette party of 6.  We were told to arrive at noon and we would get in for free.  Sure, why not?  It's free!  That was the only good part of the entire party - the fact that getting in was free.  If it wasn't, I would have been more pissed about my whole experience than I am now.  Here is why:1) our bags were heavily searched when we walked in.  I totally understand the reasoning for this as people could bring in dangerous objects, but I saw one of the guards opening up someone's Carmex tin can and checking it by running her fingers along what was inside.  That is just ridiculous....  Ironically, they never found the flask of vodka I snuck in.  LOL2) we all had water bottles on us since we walked from our hotel to the pool party.  We had to all confiscate our water - which was I was irritated by since I just bought mine for $6.  ugh..  My friend had hers in a fancy Nalgene bottle and had to check it in.  She then had to pay $5 just to check it in! what?!? That makes absolutely not sense to me.3)  Since we weren't crazy enough to spend hundreds (if not thousands) on a cabana, we were told we could sit alongside the pool.  The six of us found a spot in the sun and decided to lay out and people watch.  This was fine for about 5 minutes before we got scolded and yelled at for the remainder of the two hours we decided to stay there.  Here are the reasons why we got in "trouble" (which is just ridiculous to me since Vegas is the place where no one should really get into "trouble"):a) eating near the pool.  We had to go sit at a planter and eat.  WHAT?!?! I'm sorry, but if we just spent $20 on a pint sized set of nachos, we should be able to eat wherever we want.  We were obviously sober and not going to make a messb) being too far to the pool's edge. HUH!?!?  We were told that we could sit there! c)  laying down to tan ourselves.  We were told by a lady two times to move forward (closer to the pool).  Ummmmm our butts were practically in the water!!  The lady had the audacity to tell us "What didn't you understand the first time ladies?"  WTF.  I'm sorry, we were doing nothing wrong!!  d)  leaving our towels out and not sitting on them.  WHAT?!?!?! Maybe we wanted to sit next to each other for some time and then save our spots to sit there again in a few minutes.  I just did not understand their dumb, made up rules. With that being said, we left, got our water bottle back, and laid out in peace and quiet at our own pool in our own hotel.  ughhhh TERRIBLE.  I would NEVER RECOMMEND this party to anyone.Now people will argue that my experience sucked just because I didn't get a cabana.  Well, I was able to get a lot of people watching in and everyone else that got a cabana was not having a great time either.  They weren't drinking much just because drinks were just ridiculous and no one was getting cray cray like all the other reviews were saying.  Mind you, we were here on Cinco de Mayo, which is a day you would expect it to be cray cray... and it just wasn't.   UGH. NEVER AGAIN!!!!
5	Holy Crap! Now that was a good time!To ensure you make the most of this pool party on steroids, you gotta do a few things...Reserve a cabana, lilypad, or daybed.  If you go with a large group, it's definitely worth it. Otherwise, pick a bench near a planter and hope for the best.  Get there early.  We had a hook up and got there well before noon to meet him.  If you get there early enough, and don't like your spot, you may be able to talk to the host and snag a more prime location.Lastly...drink, drink, drink.  I'd order food at your cabana, but drinks at the bar.  The pitchers of alcohol seem like a good deal, but they are weak as hell.  Find a bartender you like and keep going back.  Eye candy for days.  I've never seen so many hot bods in one place before.  The waitresses and servers were all extremely friendly and HOT!!!If I had to pay a steep price for admission and not have a cabana, I might rethink the 5 stars, but as it stands, that was one of the best times in Vegas I've had...besides my wedding of course.
4	I had a horrible experience at the Marquee Day Club with its small pool and their fantastic ability to stuff people in like sardines.There's nothing better than to come to a spacious pool, good looking people, and best of all: you don't even have to try to look good. Just grab a drink and relax in the pool, pot belly goes under water folks ;), and waddle in the water to good music. If you come with a bad ratio of guys and girls (bad, meaning that having men in your group diminish your chances of getting in for free), I would recommend contacting a promoter about your ratio and then come very early, before noon, to avoid the $50-$60 cover charge for men. But generally, girls get in for $30 if you can't get in for the promotion price.Oh, and if you're worried about fitting your lunch plans prior to pool time, they have a grill there that serves food.Drinks are fairly expensive, as they regularly are in Las Vegas clubs.The only thing to complain: I know the pools are heated, but the water is slightly too warm for the amount of people, which makes me think that the water is warm for other reasons :(But I definitely would do this again on my next trip(s), Summa Summa time! - Will Smithhttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jtDseXwpJ0U
4	I've probably been here more times than I've checked in, and I can say, this is my favorite pool party in Vegas! It never lets me down and the promoter I go through, Michael, is always so helpful! The place is a lot bigger than Tao and Marquee dayclubs. You don't feel as gross with so many half naked drunk bodies around you, haha.I ALWAYS get the strawberry daiquiri because it's SO good! it will definitely get you feeling good while you melt in the hot desert sun!If you haven't been to a pool party in Vegas, definitely go to EBC! :)
1	I have no idea why people like this place so much. I was at the Encore casino gambling and decided to take a walk by the pool. I asked how much it was and they told me 60 dollars. Give me a break. Sixty dollars to go into a casinos pool and pay alcohol thats been marked up x 10 or more. Whats worse is that its not even topless like the rio's voo pool or bare or venus pool. The really bad part of my experience happened when I decided to skip the pool and gamble some more. The stupid security told me I couldnt go back in the casino. I couldnt believe it. I was being prohibited from going back into gamble. I guess some moron thought it was a great idea to prevent the pool party people from going in the casino. I'm sure all the gamblers inside would hate to see attractive girls walking around in bikinis. What a stupid idea that is. So after some complaining to another security guard they let me into the casino.So keep in mind that once you're at the pool there are no ins and otus and they wont let you into the casino. The crazy thing is I wasnt even part of the pool party. Ughh what a stupid place.
4	My girlfriends and I got here by 10:30 (so early) because it was Memorial Day weekend. Our promoter James D. got us in for free which is always a plus! They give you free towels so you won't have to worry about bringing your own. I was a little bummed that they didn't have free mimosas, but I guess it makes sense considering it was a really busy holiday weekend. Also, don't bring in any medicine (tylenol, ibuprofen...) because they'll just make you throw it away. LEAVE THOSE THINGS AT THE HOTEL!  We got there early enough that we were able to find a spot along the pool area. The weather was generally around 77 degrees and not some ridiculous 100+. We ended up buying ourselves a drink (AMFs and Tokyo iced tea for me), which were about $17/drink.  Yes it's expensive, but what can I say that's Vegas for ya. Their drinks are CRAZY STRONG which will definitely make that $17 worth it. I definitely got a nice buzz and it wasn't even noon. One of my friends and I stayed inside the water for most of the time because it was a lot warmer than sitting out in the cold breeze. We ended up staying until 3:30 and got nice and tan! Mission accomplished. The people are all pretty much good-looking and have got nice bodies. Don't worry, just get really buzzed/drunk and you won't even need to worry about it. Getting tan, being buzzed at noon, and people watching = FUN TIME.
2	My boyfriend called a promoter and was able to get our group of ~15-16 people in for free to see Sebastian Ingrosso Dj for the Sunday dayclub. -Drinks are expensive-it took my bf forever to get drinks for us-Its crowded-the bathroom has long lines-there is barely any room to sit, let alone put your stuff anywhere; so you're basically wading in water the whole time. (there are lockers that you can pay to leave your stuff though)So unless you get a table/cabana, it's not very comfortable. Don't get me wrong, the music was awesome and I had a lot of fun with my friends, but the layout needs work for us lay people who cant afford throwing around money for a table. We were dancing/swimming near an area that these old grumpy mid 30 year olds kept complaining were "THEIR SPOT". Excuse us lady, you get the whole area near the table, couches, and water around that area. The rest of the pool area is up for grabs. Dont be that lady that keeps calling "security" on us when we swim near your area. Sigh. Since the music and people there are variable from day to day, the rating is based on things that are constant from day to day. Also I suggest you renting out lockers, we put our stuff on the floor near our spot at the pool and it was all wet after. -__-'' shoulda known.
5	Encore Beach Club hands down best day pool in Vegas. I'm going to break it down for guys, so they won't have any problems to get. Go to encore beach website and purchase the presale ticket. It cost me 34 for the ticket. They place your name on the guest list and one doesn't have to pay their entrance fee of $50. I honestly didn't think the drink were too expense bc thats the average drink price for drinks in LA. One thing that was upsetting was the amount of time it took to get a drink but in the upside it gives you little more time to break the ice. Overall, ENCORE BEACH was awesome.
3	If you're a guy be prepared to be fleeced HARD here. Here's some things you need to know, some of it is common knowledge, some not so much. Edit: Due to questions about Item #6 I've added a bit more detail. 1: Your best bet to get in without dealing with the bad attitude security staff is to find a promoter and let them do the work for you. Look on Yelp and you'll find good ones that can make getting in a breeze. 2: When you go here, don't take anything that the security people could think is suspicious. Eye drops, Tylenol, even prescriptions will have security either tossing it or giving you a major attitude. In some cases I've seen people flat out turned away and if you protest, your exit is pretty much assured. 3: Once you're in your best deal is to get a day bed or a cabana. Otherwise it's a PITA to keep track of any personal items you bring in. And space becomes almost non-existent fast. When a big name DJ is there, you'll be thinking this is what being a sardine in a can feels like. 4: Bottle service. It just saves so much hassle. Pay up, do it, you won't regret it.5: Don't think you can do your best Michael Phelps imitation and swim at EBC. You're eye candy and really nothing more than a 2 legged ATM to them. Float in the water, check out the people, enjoy the experience, and try not to annoy the "lifeguards" who use their whistles to spoil your fun with any chance they get. 6: SERIOUS FYI: Beware of the cuties. That cute woman you're staring at that comes up to talk to you and gets you to blow half your Vegas budget at the bar? She could be an independent contractor, one of approximately 50, yes I said FIFTY different women, hired each day / night for the express purpose of being fun eye candy to entice you to spend money at the bar and on amenities. The women doing this work can make VERY reasonable money doing so, and all you get at the end is a lighter wallet and no chance of anything else. This isn't a sour grapes thing, I know some women who work here and know how it works. I'm just a local sharing what I know so that maybe you can save some money. Don't say nobody warned ya. 7: Don't gripe about drink prices. EBC pours some STIFF DRINKS for that $17 you just dropped, and don't forget to tip. Overall, EBC is one of Wynn's cash cows. They continue to find innovative ways to extract maximum revenue from you and if you don't want to cough up the cash there's a long line of people that do. But if you go in knowing what to expect and adjust your expectations you can have a blast here. Just don't expect to get that hottie's phone number.
4	"Annoying monotonous club beat on incessant repeat to the point that you can't think of anything else without it in the background..." -All Vegas Clubs :)Thank God for the tables near the gambling areas!  We got shade and enjoyed the view.  More than anything, I love people watching in Vegas and Encore Beach Club did not disappoint.  I'm a bit fluffy these days, so the idea of being in a bikini... in daylight... around a bunch of strangers is not appealing to me in the least.  Nonetheless, I had a ton of fun doing what I do best... eating!  Overall, had a great time.
5	Pretty much everything you think it would be, it is.  Dont wait in line, splurge a little get a cabana, lily pad, or daybed and you will NOT be disappointed.  This place is why you go to Vegas.
4	Is it everything you know it would be and more? Yes. Can you get a much better value anywhere else on planet Earth? Yes. If you are a dude, should you be prepared to blow your entire tax return just to get in the door? Yes.Is it worth it, even just once? Oh hell yes. It's worth it to get a cabana - the sure way to get in for a group of dudes and helps knock the price down per person. Plus you get service, which is kind of lackluster, but better than fighting the crowds. A lot of the key to this place is acknowledging what it is and playing along. If they know you're willing to pay, and you're not trying to be a douche, you're going to get better service. That simple. Prices go WAY up for holiday weekends, try for an off one the first time, then come back.
3	If I didn't have a friend with a bungalow here, this might be a one or two star review. The bungalow, however, made my experience at EBC quite tolerable, and even fun.  I don't even want to know how much my friends spent- the bungalow was beautiful, they had a private pool, a daybed, food, bottles, drinks, and they kept on coming. The bungalow also had its own bathroom, server, and even a balcony overlooking the strip.Luckily, we arrived just in the nick of time.  We arrived at 1:45, and they closed the pool at 2pm- SOLD OUT.  So, I'd definitely suggest getting there early. Looking out from the bungalow, there was a SEA of people.  I could barely see the water- it was just people packed, wall-to-wall.  If I were in that mess, I think it would get really old, really fast.  The music was pretty standard Vegas electronica/dance/club/house. I'm not sure who was DJ-ing, but it was fine. I'd do it again- but only under the same circumstances!
3	This place was packed for the Calvin Harris show. There was barely any space to move around in the pool.And not only that, we were promised a specific deal for getting in, but instead when we reached the door we had to pay $100 for guys and $30 for girls. Not cool.I can't really attest to much else about the place. I was too busy nursing myself back to health... too many toxins.
3	Get to the Chase:Pros:1) Went for Tiesto's set for EDC 2012...was god-mode fun! 2) Beautiful women ERRwhere! Cheek hugging swimsuits ;) and women baring practically all their hooo haas3) Men for the ladies will be like a buffett...4 in 5 have a 6 pack and looked like some Abercrombie model or some rich-azz european mogul4) Drinks are pricey so either get a table (guys) or use your curves to join someone else's table5) This could be good or bad...but the water was really warm lol so easy to slip into, but who knows wth is in there...spilled drinks, pee, spit -_-Cons:1) Lifeguards are so FU@#P($U@#P($U annoying...they said they'd kick my friend out because he splashed water....wtf it's WATER it'lll SPLASH and then when Tiesto came on the whole frign area was being splashed as people UNTZ UNTZed and ye thte life guard din do shiz! HA seriously take chill man2) They were selling online GA tickets and VIP tickets for Tiesto's day club pool party...I paid $80 for the men's VIP since the GA was sold out...they told me in line that there was no such thing as VIP and laughed in my face...This kind of customer service was ridiculous...so on that note I told my friends that they should forget Encore for pool parties since they BS their online tickets
1	I am writing on behalf of a party of 5 women who attempted to enter the Encore Beach club on May 27th 2012 with pre-purchased tickets from wanttickets.com. We were refused entry with no reasonable explanation and we were not offered a refund.  When we entered our tickets were printed and we were allowed to pass two security gaurds before the third told us we would not be allowed in because the venue was at capacity.  We offered to wait for guests to leave and we were told the club was 600 people over the limit.  After being given this explanation we asked to speak to a manager.  The manager came over, he was wearing an orange shirt, and rudely said we were not getting in and he didnt have time to deal with this.  He walked away and stood within  a few feet of us idely and never came back to speak with us.  After speaking to another manager we were treated similarly.  We were bewildered to see several guests walk pass us into the club that was over capacity.  These individuals did not show ID or a hotel guest card and security did not even attempt to stop them.  They walked pass the manager who refused to speak to us to enter the club as well.  We were ignored, yelled at, and threatened to leave the premises.   After realizing we would not get our money back that day I contacted Miguel, the Encore Manager who investigated the incident and referred me to Kip.  Kip apologized for the behavior of his employees and promised to explore the issue further.  Miguel also came over to our table at the Wynn Cafe to greet us and offer a business card.  This incident has raised several questions that I would like address or I will pursue legal action. 1. Why were we refused entry while others were allowed to enter?  2. Who is the manager that walked away from us and what step will be taken to make sure he does not mistreat people in this manner in the future?   We deserve an apology, we deserve a refund, and we deserve respect.  Four beautiful professional women walked into your establishment and instead of being treated with dignity we were belittled and dismissed.  I will NEVER look at your organization the same againI SENT THIS EMAIL TO MANAGEMENT AND I WAS NEVER CONTACTED BY ANYONE IN MANAGEMENT. Thankfully Wanticjkets.com did issue a refund.
5	I love love EBC! Let me tell you why,We came on a Friday after EDC weekend. We were able to get on a promoters list so that meant no cover. They were also offering open bar for girls from 2-3. Included vodka drinks and mimoas. Prior to the open bar I ordered a vodka soda $14 for myself. That drink was soooo strong. Almost 2 shots of vodka. I was expecting weak drinks at the open bar. Nope strong awesome drinks. It was the best open bar I've ever exeperienced. The people there are beautiful and their bodies are banging. If you don't feel comfortable just get drunk and stay in the water. The day I went there was no need for a cabana since it wasn't crazy packed. I've seen pix of when Tiesto was there and wow. You can't even see the water. If there is a special dj I would recommend getting a cabana.
2	I spoke to the manager of the Encore Beach Club today who was very kind and has taken the necessary step to make sure future guests are treated with respect and dignity!
4	Tiesto and surprise guests Afrojack/Steve Angello + beautiful venue + scantily clad beautiful people + beautiful weather + poppin' atmosphere.. what more can you ask for?? Even if you didn't enjoy the untz untz music, I'm sure being surrounded by eye candies compensated for it. The pools were PACKED to the brim with fun and wild people. When the beat dropped.. splash war in the pool! Overall, my friends and I had an amazing time here.Thinking back.. til this day, I continue to firmly believe that someone out there decided to gather all the ridiculously good looking guys and gals in Vegas and proceeded to place them all at Encore. No joke.Minus one star for the not so nice security guards.
1	If you enjoy paying tons of money to be treated like dirt and wade in filthy toilet water, while your ears bleed to house music that makes it impossible to talk, then this is the place for you.  It was a little baffling to me that the power tripping boys running the line at the entrance could not muster an ounce of courtesy while taking my $40 cover.  It was laughable watching them assert their authority by barking at people who didn't know where to go in their pathetic rope maze.  After spending some time inside overpaying for drinks, the day was topped off with the staff not even letting us back into their casino to gamble or even catch a cab.  We were herded onto the strip and told to "beat it".  Last time I will ever spend a dollar in that place.
3	This place is just a disorganized mess.  This place has a pool.  This place has awesome EDM Djs spinning.  This place has hot looking people.  So what separates this place from other popping Vegas pool parties? Just popular and marketing.  You will have fun if you get in, emphasis on IF.We had two groups, one who pre-purchased tickets and one who didn't.  Both didn't get in.  All the lines were crazy long: cabanas, VIP, bottle service, general line, girls-with-plastic-surgery-tatas.Security kept changing the prices on use $75 then $100 then $75.  I don't know what their goal with throwing random prices but completely unnecessary.I've been into this place before and it's not that much bigger/better than Marquee's day club.  I do think Marquee is better organized as you will never see this kind of mess there.  I do think XS is 10x better than Marquee Nightclub though.  Purchase tickets in advance and super early to make sure you get in.  It's Vegas, you get in, you will have fun. You don't then it's all BS.  Overall, just disorganized.
2	Got here around 1:45, waited in line for about 15, not bad.  Bad happens now.  The placed jam packed and I cannot locate my friends for over half an hour.  They were playing pretty good music, too bad I couldn't enjoy myself because I was on a mission to find my friends.  I find my friends, one of them is drunk, super drunk.  Within five minutes of meeting them, one of them pukes and next thing I know is we are being forced to leave.  Did I mention I had to pay $30 + service fee to get in????  But that was just my luck, I can't blame the venue for things like this.  Would have been better if they granted re-entry upon the rest of us returning to the pool - no. Sure there are rules and one of them happens to be no re-entry, but absolutely no flexibility?  Especially at a place where bouncers ask for $200 to bribe them (yes, this apparently happened earlier in the day to my friends).  It's a nightmare trying to take care of a drunk person and get the belongings (one coat check, meaning we had to take other people's belongings too).  You are not allowed in the hotel unless you have your bottoms on (reason why we had to get everyone's stuff).  I was handed the room key and room number via text because we thought it would be easier to get back in (although chances were very slim) as opposed to two.  The security calls for paramedics and they come to do their simple check up.  I was pissed and annoyed but they were doing their job so no complaints from a sober person point of view so that was okay.  We got the okay to go and I took the friend up to the room.I get back to the Beach Club and explained I had my other friends' stuff AND the room key without which they will not be able to get back into the hotel.  I cannot reach the other friend with a phone.  Shoot, I'm thinking I'm not coming to Vegas again.  One of the security people approached me and asked how my friend was, HOW WONDERFUL HE ASKED! Because I also explained to him my current situation and he talked to the other people at the door and they let me in. See?  There is the reasonable flexibility.  (hence, two stars, not one)So here is my real experience at Encore Beach Club:There is just too many people.  You are just standing in water jumping up and down OR doing the same thing outside the pool.  It is too packed.  Getting drinks at the bar is unimaginable - the line is just insane.  With that many drunk people still drinking, who knows how much pee is present in the water???The lifeguards are annoying as hell, blowing the whistles for every single thing - no splashing, etc.  They all go insanely crazy when a guy gets on the stripper pole area even for a second, I thought an arrest was about to be made with so many whistles going off.If you have no issues dropping the dough you could spend purchasing a very decent DSLR, go for the tables and cabanas with wait service.  Otherwise, not worth the entrance fee.  By entering here though you have a full excuse to be at the douchiest level possible for guys or to act as if you have no brain for girls so if that's what you want (seemed like that's what everyone else wanted at this place), go here without the $$$$$.  Standard party goers in Vegas but this place by far the worst.Lock box is available for $20 by the entrance.Not going back.
4	First I want to say that our group had an AMAZING time at Encore Beach!!!!!  BUT, we did end up dropping a ton of cash.  If you read the reviews carefully, you'll notice that the people who had the best time are usually the ones who bought a lily pad, or a couch area.  It was a $500 minimum for the couch area by the blackjack tables, but I'm telling you that it was 100% worth it!  We had a bottle of Vodka and ordered some food and it was yummy :)There was one UGLY thing about this place though which is why I removed 1 star, and that is that they don't allow "oversized" bags or backpacks and force you to check them for $20!!  $20!!!!  It's insane!  It really pissed off our group at first cause there were 2 of us with big bags, but at least they let us put them together for $20 total.  Jerks.....  I'm sure there's some good reason for not having oversized bags, but they didn't tell us.  One other messed up thing that happened is that we were approached by a promoter the night before after leaving XS and he offered us free admission AND a cabana for free.  We were like, hell yes!!  And then we we get to Encore Beach, the guy isn't around and no one would help us and we were stuck paying for the spot ourselves.  We were pretty pissed about that too, but we didn't let it ruin our time and got over it and just ended up paying.OK, back to the good about this place:  The people are VERY friendly.  Everyone's there to have a good time!  We talked to lots of people and the couple next to us on the couch were awesome!  Overall we just had sooooo much fun!  Great music, dancing in the pool and at our area.  It would not have been as much fun if we didn't pay for that space though.  So suck it up and pay or else stay at your hotel pool (which was also awesome at Aria).
1	My quick tip says it all...over-hyped, over-priced, and the service is terrible.I think I'm just too old to thoroughly enjoy the beach club scene.  I knew I wouldn't enjoy it as general admission (I don't know if I would have enjoyed it when I was 21 either) so my party opted to make reservations several weeks in advance for a cabana.  We got a "deal" through a VIP host but were still shelling out a hefty sum to have a bit of shade and respite from the crowds.  The contract said to arrive by 11:30am to honor our reservation and also stated that if we didn't show, we would be charged $1500 for a missed reservation.  The majority of my group showed up at 11am (when they opened) and proceeded to wait in line for almost an hour.  The line wasn't that long but the promoters outright ignored us and attended to people around us.  When someone finally acknowledged us, our reservation was completely messed up and in order for us to get something similar to our original reservation (but still a downgrade), we had to pay an extra $1000 over our original price.I nearly lost it when they continued to make us wait...I vocalized my frustration and we were finally escorted to our cabana.  What a disappointment!!!  The cabanas range from $3000 to $10,000 and it's basically just a room and an adjacent day bed overlooking the beach club.  I was grateful to have a cool place to rest when I couldn't handle the heat any longer and didn't want to risk catching an STD in the pool that my friend deemed "people soup."  We ordered copious amounts of food, drinks, bottles of water, ice cream, magnums of champagne...everything we could to meet the minimum and cover our cabana fee.  It was the definition of opulence and wastefulness.  I felt a little bit like Marie Antoinette.Our VIP host found me after we were settled in our cabana and apologized for the confusion but could do nothing about the extra $1000 or the down-graded cabana.  It was an empty apology.  She was contrite with me but gave my husband attitude, saying that she was embarrassed because we ruined her relationship with the people at the club.  I found this to be completely unprofessional and if she had just shown up on time, she could have saved her own relationships.I really expected better service from a hotel like Encore.  This experience really left a sour taste in my mouth and I would check out the beach club at Marquee over Encore in a heartbeat.
5	Your going to spend big $$, but you know that already.  You don't come here to save a buck.  If your looking for great looking people, a packed day party, and one of the biggest pool parties, and great dance music all day long, this is your spot.  I'll be back, everytime Im in town.
5	When it comes to parties, Steve Wynn's Encore Beach Club and XS Night Club are still the gold standard for the hottest spots in town.I came to the Beach Club on Sunday at around 2:oopm to see Calvin Harris and surprisingly there was hardly no wait at all! I've heard horror stories where people were turned away even though they bought tickets for the show because the venue was beyond capacity. In any case, we got in, I was happy...SCORE!!As soon as we walked through security, I witnessed an ocean of skin filling the entire space! And this pool area was huge! Damn these people are beautiful! I suggest ordering drinks on the left side of the entrance cuz the drinks were bigger, stiffer and the same price!  I tried the food as well and it was also very good! I recommend the grilled chicken sandwich and the steak sliders, both were mouthwatering good and excellent accompaniments to our drinks!Calvin Harris came out about 3:00pm and the crowd was buzzing by now with anticipation! There was so much energy in the pit but it was all positive, no hating, no shoving or any nonsense like that...it was all love and good times and that's how it should be!Bravo Encore Beach Club!I had a slammin time and I look forward to coming back very soon!Happy Times!
4	This place is so freaking nice. I went on a Friday in June and recieved comped entry because my friend had connected with a promoter. The venue is pretty huge and well spaced out. There are blackjack tables by the bar for gamblers and a volleyball net in one pool for the sport enthusiats. There was even an hour open bar for ladies which included mimosas and Sky Vodka. The bartenders pour free hand which made for some pretty strong drinks! It was not as packed as I expected but there also was no "special" DJ spinning that day. I definitely would like to go back if I am ever in Vegas in the summer.
4	Packed, packed, and more packed. I felt like I was in  meat locker with all the dudes around this place. They must have a reverse on the promotion for girls. Must have been dudes no cover and 1 free drink because it was a giant sausage fest. All in all, I ve been here twice (Surrender at night) and it was decent. The only complaint is that it was packed with a lot of dudes. Even though I was there with my girlfriend, I don't want these drunk clowns smashing into me every 5 seconds trying to get to the bar. The drinks are also wayyyy overpriced. $12-20 for mixed drink. Don't know how much beers are, but I can imagine $10 a pop. They should have some local specialsWhile it was Sunday, this place is still very nice and definitely upscale. Steve Wynn makes a killing off of this place. Next time, I wish it wasn't as packed.
4	CRAZIEST POOL PARTY! We showed up around 11 and had a hook up to get in. We did not wait in line and when we arrive there were already a ton of people inside the pool. It was hot, and there was no where to store your stuff, but we just shoved everything into a bush. The DJ booth was amazing, and the water felt amazing compared to the hot hot summer sun. We fell into some people's amazing generosity and were invited up to the top tier VIP cabanas with bottle service and a really great cabana girl. She was pouring shots for everyone and all liquor, mixers, and waters were restocked all of the time. They had this huge bed where you can lay and look over the entire pool from the balcony for some serious people watching, though being in the pool was a better people watching experience.By the end of the day the pool was PACKED. SOOOO many people. Thank goodness for the generosity of others because if I had to stay in the pool without anywhere to go... I would have left.Overall this experience: Fun. Fun. Fun.
4	Fresh off the plane Friday not even an hour and me and my boy decided to hit up Encore Beach. Once again a nice atmosphere music was Vegas like. The drinks were flowing and a lot of pretty ladies running around the place. The only problem I had over there were the cock blocking life guards there. A young lady and I were getting it on a few times and as soon as we were about to "put on a show" the little boy lifeguard keeps telling us to stop.. I kept on asking "what was your F'ing deal.? You should be rooting for me"  But I got no answer. Last year I did that and more and no one stopped me at all. So it gets 1 star less now, but over all it was a good time. No fights no real drama just good clean Vegas fun
5	In Vegas for the weekend with my girls we were told it's a must to hit up EBC and I'm so glad we did! Being a girl has her perks; being on a guestlist and getting in for free before noon, of course the party isn't popping until 2, but pool, drinks, music spinning, and sexy people it's okay to be early!Bonus points because Calvin Harris was in town and he's one of the best dj's around! My girlfriends and I did NOT stop dancing through his entire set it was that amazing! "I feel so close to you right now it's a force field!" Like any other beach party or night club, the price for drinks or food is inflated (but that's Vegas right?) and looking for a place to sit, good luck unless you can drop some of that cash for a cabana! Definitely a must if in Sin City!
4	Yeeee 100th review! :D Anyways..So I was "Chasing Summers" here last weekend, because what better way to visit Encore Beach Club than to see Tiesto perform?! Surrender nightclub at night, Encore Beach Club by day, what's not there to love about summertime in Vegas? Good party spot, good people and most definitely good music, this is one of those places that you need to party in when you're here. The club itself is quite large, with one HUGE pool full of half naked people boozing, schmoozing and having a good time. The party doesn't really get started till around 3PM, but even before that, it's pretty packed. Want a drink at the bar? Better get comfortable, because you're going to be waiting for a pretty long time. My main complaint is that getting a drink at the bar was a pain in the ass, since there were just way too many people and not enough bartenders to go around. I ended up double fisting it because I didn't want to keep going back to the bar for more drinks. At least the drinks were strong...really strong. Heh.And really, where are the lockers? There were no places to drop our stuff off, so I ended up having wallets, tickets, credit cards, IDs and what-not stuffed in my purse, because I was the only person who brought one. Luckily, some people were nice enough to let us put our clothes under their cabana.But besides those buzzkills, I had a great time partying here. There was plenty of room around the pool to stand, dance and sit and the music was just blasting with the bass down low. Tiesto was awesome, as expected, although I wished he played some of his older hits. But that's a different story. If you really want to make your daytime special, then this is a good place to visit. If you're looking for a quiet and relaxing place to tan by the pool, then this is not the place. People are here to party all day, everyday and then do it all again at night time!
2	It's a club in the daytime in the pool. For any Vegas club-goer that's pretty self explanitory. It's fun. Very fun. PRE-PARTY INSTEAD. The drinks are ridiculously priced ($130 for a 12-beer bucket) and the pool water is surely, SURELY filled with everyone's urine. Everyone goes splash-crazy when Tiesto comes on too so enjoy the urine shower.Also they have guys on the side of the pool who squeegee the splashed water off the sides BACK into the pool - DIRTY water too - and they do it constantly. One of these guys clipped my Achilles while doing his squeegeeing and opened up a pretty deep cut into my foot. It started bleeding like crazy and the guy walked away. I went to the info desk to get a band-aid and they pointed me to the first-aid station and no one was there. So, drunk, I just went back into the pool bleeding and no one really cared.Other than that, everyone was drunk, lots of people and it was fun.
5	Examples of Clutch: Michael Jordan, Plan B Morning After Pill,  and the people of Encore Beach Club.So there I was, this past weekend: properly liquored up and inhaling some pretty delicious chicken quesadillas (yeah, I go to dayclubs for the food).  Now, I'm completely lost in thought, thinking about how delicious cheese and sour cream together can be when I decide it's time to get some free drinks at the blackjack table.  I promptly sit down, and do the customary triple pocket tap: Cellphone, Keys, Wallet.  My heart stopped.  When I tapped my third pocket... instead of tapping a nice leather wallet, I ended just spanking myself.  My wallet was gone.  In Vegas there are 2 things you need for fun.  1) Money.  and  2) something that proves you're 21.  I had none of those things.Now I'm feeling pretty low and I'm just gloomily moping around semi-looking for it... when I walk over to the Lost and Found and find out: someone turned it in.No cash was missing.  God bless whoever this mysterious person is.  Thank you Encore Beach Club for indirectly restoring my faith in humanity.I've never won the lottery but I can't imagine the feeling being much better.
5	freaking amazing day club.. yes the water is a little murky sometimes because they let people drink in the water.. but the music is banging, atmosphere is wild, and the ladies are smokin.. Get their sangria pitchers.. they WILL creep on you but theyre so good....Note: drinks ARE expensive but theres craps and blackjack tables inside.. so just make your money back there.
5	I effing LOOOOOOVE EBC! Why?! People are running around half naked and having a damn good time. There's nothing to hide here people, it's all hanging out in the open for everyone to see. Whether it's real or fake, jiggly or not jiggly, you'll see it for what it is here.Pool parties in Vegas are awesome. They are a hella (whoa! i just said hella) good time and I honestly prefer to get chocolate wasted at the pool than at any crowded nightclub in Vegas. Of course when you make a weekend in Vegas, the plan is usually to party all day then party all night. I tend to not make it out 100% alive after a day at the pool, but this past time I managed to do it. It was my friend's bachelorette party and we had about 18 girls with us. We all got in for free and partied in a cabana which had a balcony with a great view of the empty lot that was once Stardust. It didn't matter, it was nice to have to place in the shade with couches and free alcohol to drink. Some guys our girls knew had a cabana and allowed all 18 of us to hang out and drink their Goose. I drank in the cabana, partied in the pool, and don't remember much of the walk home. EBC is really nice compared to some of the other pool parties I've been too. It's crowded, which is a good thing, but not the point where it's uncomfortable. The pool is clean, the area is clean... I wouldn't expect anything less from a nice hotel like the Encore. We got there at 12 and it was already jam packed so I suggest getting there earlier than that.Day drinking in Vegas is AWESOME! Even if you don't make it out at night, it's okay. Nightclubs are overrated. Pool Parties are where it's at! ;)
1	After spending almost $700 on a Lilly pad you would expect some service. The pool our Lilly pad was in got thrown up in and was not cleaned up for at least the hour and a half we were there for. Then, when we tried to leave, we were forced to walk all the way around, through the strip, to enter the casino again, because the entrance we came in through turned into a guests only entrance. Nevereverever again will I return here, weak drinks and horrible service, for that kind of money, spend it else where.
5	This place is bananas.  I saw Avicii play here this month and it was PACKED!!!.  By the end of the day it was tough to get around but nobody seemed to mind.  If you are looking for a wild Vegas experience I don't think there is a better day club.  If you are looking for something quiet and relaxing then be advised, EBC is not the place for you.  Just make sure to bring plenty of cash, all that fun comes at a high price.
4	Had a Blast here! Got to dance n splash to tiesto :) Wish I was there now! Good change from night club scene.For sure next trip to Vegas I'll be back at encore beach club.
4	we came on a thursday night for neon nights. free vip admin - impressive. couple pools, gamble area, bars everywhere, and dance floor. very clean and every one tryna stunt. - free drinks for ladies. vokda + juice and mojitos. good deal- free towels. innertubes, inflatable beds, and beach balls. - wear whatever. girls wearing barely anything bathing suits to barely anything dresses. lol- pool is warm. spacious enough without invasion of space. - gets better when they play hip hop. for the most part high energy :/.- good change of scene if you don't wanna do a night club.
4	Pretty awesome pool party. There's not really anywhere to sit and when it gets crowded(1-2pm&later), it is CROWDED. And expect to pay $8 for a MINI water. Other than that, its a pretty good place to party. The pool is a decent size and theres lots of places and space to dance. The staff is friendly and there's plenty of sweet tables and VIP areas available. Overall we had a good experience, just make sure you get on the guestlist through their website and girls won't have to pay. We were on the list and we waited no more than 15 minutes and you get free water and a towel to use. They have misters as well and plenty of shade. There's a big dancefloor area in front of the DJ and a really nice bar. There's also a lounge and a grill that has really yummy food-wraps, sandwiches, fries, chicken strips, etc. Defiantly would recommend. P.s. don't bring a bag-they charge you $12 just to check it in.
5	Came here last Sunday night.  Oh my god Becky look at her butt.  This was one of the best atmospheres I've ever been in.  A bunch of half naked girls running around, vodka flowing like the Nile River, and a cabana at our disposal.  I couldn't ask for more.Came here with friends on the last night of our bachelors party weekend.  It took a while to get in, seemed like there were 18 checkpoints, but once we got in, it was well worth the wait.  We were taken to our cabana upstairs where we had a shitload of vodka waiting for us along with OJ, cranberry juice, and pineapple, my faves.  It was hot that night, so I really wish I hadn't worn jeans, a long sleeve, and dress shoes, you know typical club ware.  My bad, next time I will be in trunks and a t so I can play in the water and be more comfy.  I'm also going to work out a little more so I'm not so fat.Everybody seemed to just be having a good time.  No tough guys.  Girls weren't stuck up.  All in all, a great time.  I will make it a point to come back.
5	Encore beach club (EBC) is currently my favorite pool party in all of Las Vegas. I say this as someone who has been going to pool parties since Rehab pioneered them 5 or so years ago. The music is the main reason, of course. Their lineup is unmatched by any other pool party and their focus on EDM is spot on. Whether the DJ is Tiesto, Calvin Harris, or David Guetta, they all make regular appearances at EBC.  The pool is also very big, certainly big enough to hold a critical mass of people. The layout is great and the security does its job without being overbearing.If you plan to do only one pool party in Las Vegas, EBC should be your first choice. Saturdays are usually better than Sundays but really the DJ lineup is the most important.
5	Hmmm 3 hour line, no joke.  We would have skipped if we hadnt had table reservations for sure.  They were so sold out, it was insane.  And you still have to deal with the graft and hustle when youre spending 2k; it isnt fun or cool, its stressful.  The crazy part is that 2k was like chump change compared to what a lot of other people were paying.  None the less we came late and still got a decent spot.  Service was ridiculously slow, did I mention how insanely sold out they were?Yet Morgan Page turned it all around.  World class entertainment in a super intimate 5 feet away from stage and pool, how could you go wrong?  It was awesome.Why cant they cool the pool?  I dont get that lol
2	"Lord help me," is what was going through my head the moment I approached this 'beach club.' It is not really a beach club as there is in fact no beach. There is a pool... And there are some places to sit down, but only if you are willing to fork over several THOUSAND dollars for those precious seats. Otherwise you are forced to lay your towel practically in the planter and jam into the pool where there isn't an ounce of swimming, only people rubbing up against one another attempting to dance? I think? I hope?Anyway, if you are looking for a relaxing pool environment than avoid this spot at all costs! If you are looking for a nightclub during the day with people practically naked, then you have found your haven.
1	Unprofessional group of people work at this establishment.  Whatever you do, do not book anything with Angelo Salvator.  He will screw you over.  He is a VIP host that says one thing,, does something completely different.  Save you money,, go somewhere else.  Have fun at Tao, Marquee, Wet, Rehab.  Don't settle for less.
5	One of my favorite beach clubs on the strip.Now let me warn you, that my experience is from being in my early 20's with a group of only girls (both huge factors when you're out in Vegas)The first time I went here, we were on the guest list with a promoter that we didn't know too well, and he conveniently forgot to mention that we had to be at the club before 1 in order to get in for free. We had friends with a cabana inside, so we coughed up the money ($30!) and got in.Once in however, the place was a blast, good music, lots of people. ( We went to another hyped up beach club, and it wasn't nearly as fun because there weren't as many people and therefore it wasn't as much fun)We went a second time and got in with a promoter that we knew a lot better, he met us outside and walked us in, which was amazing, though not everyone is going to get this kind of treatment. Just be sure if you're on a list, to know what time you need to be there by, and it always helps to have one person be the contact with said promoter.This time we made friends with the group that had rented the Ultra Lounge (great decision, free drinks all day) Now, reading some of the comments, the drinks are expensive and so is the cover. But make friends! If you're with a group of girls, I promise you it's not that hard to find a group of guys that are willing to get you a drink. Hang out in the pool, have fun, and the rest comes naturally.
3	Super cluster fuck and shit show, especially during the peak summer months.  Chances are though, if you show up during the peak summer months you already know what to expect and you are drunk off your ass before getting here.  They usually have big name DJs who will play entire sets.  Definitely worth it if you have presale tickets, otherwise may not be worth the entrance fee (especially for guys).  Crowd is relatively diverse, a bit more Asians.Love that they have tables in the confines, so you can keep throwing your money away.  Also love that the servers are all incredible eye candy.  Try not to stay in the water for too long, since it is pretty dirty (cigarette butts, drinks, body fluid and excrements all fair game).   Highly recommend table service if you can afford it.
3	Fun, but wayyyyy too crowded.  I think other pool parties are comparable.
3	Went to Encore Beach Club on Sunday afternoon. There was a huuuge line of people waiting to get in..luckily we were on the guest list! Honestly, I recommend you people find a guest list. You go through a separate line, they have ice water for you, and it's a lot shorter and quicker. They're very well organized. Loved it. Waited maybe 10 minutes. Got in, item check, and off we went! It was really nice, and Calvin Harris was performing that day. We overheard that their cabanas are 6k. I'm sorry but..holy fuckin shiz..that's ridiculous. They have these SMALL circle couches there as well, and that is 3k. And if you want to have a seat at the bar that's only yours...1k. RE-DONKULOUS. Sorry, I ain't ballin' like that. Anway, we make our way to the pool, and it felt good once you get in...but after sitting in there for a while, it's a little disgusting. It's just luke warm because of all the other people chillin. I felt a little uncomfy just standing in the water. Only stayed for about an hour. It really was nothing exciting to me. Just normal. My friend and her bf stayed for Calvin Harris, and they said it was pretty damn good. I still had fun generally.
5	Amahzing.Some of the best EDM DJ's in the world.The women here do not really exist and just appear from thin air to come party at EBC.  Then they disappear back into non-existence.No hassle to get in if you buy pre-sale tickets or you're on the guest list.  For you nobodies, pre-sale tickets are highly recommended.If you're rich, you can get a cabana, daybed or table.  If you're not, general admission for you.One of the best experiences in the world for EDM.
4	My first dayclub experience.  Essentially a club where you dance in water. Get on a guest list, come before 1:00, and you're good to go.  Lockers are available, or you can just leave your stuff by a palm tree and pray no one takes it ("I think I'm paranoid" as Shirley Manson would say). Lots of people-watching, including great tattoos, bad tattoos, bad boob jobs, and bad behavior.  Big ups to the pool go-go girl pumping up the crowd.  Her booty shakes were truly artful.  A fun day in the sun.
2	BlahNot my scene AT ALL.1. There is NO WHERE to SIT unless you want to shell on a ton of money for table service. 2. So so sooo crowded. The pools start looking a little gross after a while. You can see a layer of OIL floating on the water from all the greasy bodies awkwardly dancing in the poolsIt's a really pretty venue with a gorgeous bar area (free mimosas for girls on the guest list!) but just not my scene. I'd much rather relax on at my hotel pool with a fruity drink and a comfy chair.I'd say it's definitely worth visiting once, but I don't know if I'll come back :-\ I'm just glad my friends and I were able to get in for free and score free mimosas too while we were in there.
5	Best high end pool party venue in Vegas hands down. I believe it is also the largest pool on the strip. I've seen Afrojack and Deadmau5 spin at EBC and it's always been a good time. They get the best EDM DJ's in the world here(just like Marquee Day Club), so if you like pool parties and EDM this is the place to be. They have DJ's such as Tiesto, Avicii, Deadmau5, Afrojack, Steve Angello, Calvin Harris, Deniz Koyu...Entry:I can't stress this enough: Buy presale tickets online! If you know you are going to go beforehand, just do it. It'll save you lots of $$, about 50% off what you would pay at the door. You'll save lots of time waiting in line as well. The one time we didn't buy online presale tix, we had to wait in a super long line to get in the day of and it took forever. After waiting for over an hour and not moving very much we decided to do what you always do if you don't want to wait: Grease the bouncers. So we greased him a Benjamin and we finally got to the front where we then had to pay the full price which was something like $125 each. Ridiculous! If we had bought our tix online it would have been like $60. You can bring in a backpack but you can't bring in any outside food or drink and they inspect it very thoroughly. You cannot bring in eye drops or any medication. You will need to check it in at the front and then go back to get it if you need it. Environment:Unlike Marquee Day Club, there is plenty of space to find an area to sit either on the edge of the pool or on the side by one of the planters. The capacity of EBC is probably 3 times the size of Marquee Day Club, so it seems much more relaxed. Be warned, the music is very loud because they have speakers surrounding the entire pool which is actually quite impressive. I think I counted something like 80 speakers surrounding the pool all along the walls. Because of this there isn't really any place you can go where the music is not loud, so if you need a break from the noise you'll need to leave the pool or bring ear plugs. Since the pool is so large, you can easily find a place to take a quick dip on either side or in the middle in front of the DJ.  There is an area to dance in front of the DJ as well. Food/Drink:Drinks are ridiculously expensive which is expected at any Vegas club, almost $20 per drink after tax and tip. However food is actually pretty good here, and costs much less than alcohol! The chicken sandwich/wrap is what I order every single time. They also sell soda, powerade, water, and beer at the food window. The line usually moves much faster than the line at the bar, so if you just want a beer or soda or water, this is a good place to go. One complaint about this place... the security is not very good, but as expected they probably are just temporary workers, not permanent. One time I was drinking my powerade and a head of security lady came up to me and told me I wasn't allowed to bring in outside food or drink and told me to throw it away. As you can imagine I was very confused since I had paid like $5 for it at the food window! So I argue with her for a little while and she still doesn't believe me so then my friends have to come and back me up and tell her that I really bought it at the food window, along with beer, water etc. Obviously she did not know what drinks they actually sold at the food window so she finally gave up and believed us. EBC sets the standard for how all other pool parties in Vegas should be, which is why I gave it 5 stars. People who give it four stars are just complaining about the service or price of drinks, but wtf do they expect? And where else is there a better pool party in Vegas? Marquee is the only other pool party that compares because they get all the popular DJ's too, and all the really hot model girls go there. But Marquee is way smaller, super cramped and crowded and the drinks cost just as much.
4	the vibe and the crowd make this the best pool party in vegas. Rehab is trashy now. I like Wet Republic too, but the people are much better looking at Encore Beach overall, its got a more international vibe to it. I also appreciate they crack down on water splashing at these parties as it gets annoying having to cover your drinks half the time. I took a star off because they wouldn't let non-Wynn hotel guests exit and go back through the hotel, instead making us walk on the 110 degree strip after an afternoon of heat and beverages.
4	Came to see Porter Robinson. Great party and great music.  Packed for sure, but not uncomfortably so. Got in quickly and easily and free of charge. Good time!
1	Lost our stuff in the bag check .  They are incompetant
1	I apologize for the length of this review, but accurately explaining their appalling lack of courtesy and organization is no small feat. An experience at the Encore Beach Club can only be explained as an expensive, infuriating trip through airport security.Maybe I was spoiled by the amazing service everywhere else during my stay at the Encore. Maybe I'm the unreasonable one for expecting a consistent level of service throughout the same company. Everywhere else in the Encore (including the other clubs) has amazing service. At the Beach Club, it's a borderline police-state.Me and my girlfriend spent the previous day at the Encore's European pool and had a blast. We also went to the Encore's nightclub, XS, the night before and had a great time there as well. I expected the Beach Club to be a hybrid of these two positive experiences, but the end-result was the worst of both worlds.When we showed up at 2pm, pre-purchased tickets in hand, we were surprised to see that there was only two lines; one for cabanas, one for all other guests, no expedited line for hotel guests and/or ones with advance-tickets. We had to wait in line for almost an hour.There is only one sign while you're in line which warns you of the pool's policies: "no illegal drugs allowed". In case you can't read, the manager, Alfonso, reinforces the point with an indiscriminate TSA-esque verbal berating of everybody waiting in line. There were no other signs posted about any other policies.Once we got through that line, we encountered an unexpected baggage inspection of my girlfriend's purse. This is nothing like the Encore's nightclub, XS, which had no bag-inspection whatsoever. The inspector said that the purse had to be checked at the baggage claim for $10. We had to wait in line at the baggage claim for about 15 minutes to do this.It should also be noted you basically can't have any pills in your bag. If you're on any medical regiment requiring pills being taken at a specific time of the day, you're out of luck. It's easier for them to assume that everybody is addicted to opiates than to show any level of accommodation.We finally get into the party. It looked like it might have been fun, but honestly, not fun enough to overcome our frustration with their whole set-up. The place was crowded, and was composed of over 75% guys. What few girls that were there would segregate themselves into their own cliques and there was very little interaction between the two sexes; very similar to a middle-school dance.We get to the bar (15 minute line there). I order a round of drinks and ask to charge it to the room. The bartender says I need to show my key to do so (out of all the Wynn bars where I charged drinks to the room, this was the only place to require my room key; of course, no warning of this inconsistency posted anywhere). The key was left in my girlfriend's purse in baggage claim, so we had to go back there and wait in line another 10 minutes to get the bag. Out of frustration, we left after this.On the way out, I asked to speak to the manager and was referred to Alfonso, who was socializing with a content group of girls. When he saw that I was waiting to talk to him, he asked what I wanted. I said "I'd like to talk to you when you have a minute", in a polite but clearly irritated tone. He told me to wait by a nearby tree. He then walked off with the group of girls and continued their trivial chit-chat (my girlfriend overheard their conversation and confirmed it didn't regard a serious matter whatsoever). After unsuccessfully waiting 15 minutes for their conversation to finish, I finally gave up and left for the European pool.All-in-all, I wasted $60 and two hours for the privilege of waiting in countless lines and being treated like a felon. No drinks were ordered, no music was enjoyed, nothing.I understand that this event was open to non-hotel-guests and it creates the potential for undesirables to enter. However, why create the illusion of exclusivity if you're not actually going to be exclusive?The Wynn is supposed to be better than this. Instead of being a follower trying to emulate the Hard Rock Hotel, it should be a creating an experience strictly aimed at its target demographic. Until then, the Beach Club is simply a bastardization of the Wynn brand.
4	We reserved a $1K minimum table for this past Saturday. I was told it was going to be on the floor. When we arrived around noon, this place was already packed! Mind you, they open at 11am. We still had to wait in line, despite having a table reservation. When we were lead to our table, it was in the casino area, not on the floor in front of the pool. We brought it up to management and despite having to wait 30min, we finally got moved right in front of the Grill. But it was on the floor and steps from the pool. I guess it'll do. Our adjacent table were a group of Canadians and we friended them soon after we settled in. It was definitely an awesome day club. I haven't been to any other day clubs in Vegas so I have nothing to compare it too. However, the mojitos were great (peach, pineapple and pomegranate), and food was equally good. We were happily surprised. We ordered shrimp cocktail, beef & chicken sliders, hot dogs and fruit. Everything was excellent. I really like the layout of the pool. Although the pool was crowded, you can still manage to find open spots. It feels so nice to dip in the pool on such a hot day. The bathrooms were maintained very well. Someone was always mopping the floor to prevent slipping. All in all, we had a great time.
1	We were celebrating a joint Bachlor and Bachlorette party. Had a cabana, bought a bottle and few large buckets of beer. My husband went to cool of in the shower because he dared not to wet his face in the pool, upon his return from the shower my husband and a woman security guard approached me. To make a long story short they accused him of selling and using illegal narcatoics, which is outrageous because my husband does not use or sell narcatoics. Encore Beach's gm also got involved. We offered them to search us, drug test him, call the police etc etc. All they could say is they had a eyewitness (BS!) and told us it was private property and that we had to leave. The GM Ryan Jones and his security treated us horribly and made false accusations. We have never been so offended and humiliated! Plus our bottle wasn't even close to being done. I wrote a complaint letter and received a phone call the next day apologizing for Ryan and his security's action and was told they would investigate it. I have to receive a update but when I do or if I do I will update my review. So if you would like to throw your money down the drain and get treated like scum then encore beach is for you.
4	whats not to like? I guess shuffling exit traffic outside of the resort, then back into the parking lot.
5	Can not say enough good things about this place. We saw Steve Angello there - was the funnest part of our whole vacation! If you are looking for an impressive pool party this is the spot.Only advice: Dont bring a beach bag. They made me check in my bag and charged me $10 to do so. Rip-off.
5	This is my favorite pool in Vegas. How I love u Encore. Let me count the ways...1: The looks: It's beautifully appointed and the decor is in line with the swankyness you expect from a hotel like the Wynn. They make the Vegas pool party shitshow classy. Yes, it's possible. It's clean, and doesn't get too filthy by the end of the day. The bathrooms are well maintained throughout the day. The beautiful people play here-get those wedges and itsy bitsy bikinis ready girls. 2: The service: it's outstanding! We had a lilly pad for the day and our adorable server was attentive and went the extra mile. We misunderstood the details of what is and isn't allowed on the lilly pads and what was included with our prepaid tab-like no food! Damn! She was awesome, and between her, the management, and Red Carpet VIP, they let us order anyways. She set up our orders nearby on a tray table and was a total sweetheart about it too. The pool boys set up our towels and waters and even straightened our long line of wedges on the edge throughout the day. The bouncers are on point but fun, they'll take a pic for you if you ask politely. 3: The Menu: Our group consisted of ladies with many a food allergy. Encore provides an awesome allergen menu. Allergic to gluten, dairy, shellfish, and nuts? Well one of our besties is too, and she was happy as a clam she couldn't eat with this option. It was actually one of the main reasons we picked this pool. When all the girls in your group are happy, it's a better day by far! 4: I saw a guy wearing Hulk Hands. Nuff said. Get there early & book it with RedCarpet VIP (They let you pick your exact daybed/lillypad)
5	Although I usually prefer not to write reviews unless I've been to a place more than once, I had such an awesome time at Encore Beach Club that I was compelled to Yelp across the rooftops and let the world know what a fan-effing-tastic party this is! Also, the system I use at work is down, so... you know. All the previous times I attempted a Vegas day-rage experience had been a complete and utter fail-- TAO Beach was overly crowded, extremely douchetastic, and had absolutely TERRIBLE customer service; the pool at Wet Republic smelled strongly of semen, sweat and human desperation; other times, our group, valiantly fighting to uphold the stereotype that Asians are late to everything, did not get to the dayclub in time to claim our free daybed and decided to reaffirm the other stereotype that Asians are terribly cheap and went to the pool instead.  (What... There wasn't anywhere to sit...)We had to deal with a lot of the same Vegas BS when we went to EBC.  We were told the guest list closed at 2 but it ended up closing at 1 because they hit capacity and we would have to pay cover to get in. WHAT!!! WE'RE LADIES. WE HAVE LADY PARTS. WE DON'T NEED TO COUGH UP OUR DOUGH TO HAVE OUR LADYPARTS IN YOUR CLUB. Alas, we did, and that good ol' Asian stinginess was about to kick in again when our friend reminded us that we had dragged ourselves out of bed specifically to come here, that we'd been wanting to check out EDB forever and to stop being such cheap-o beezies.Point taken. So we waited in the sweltering Vegas heat, steadily sweating out our morning buzz, as the line inched slowly forward, frantically texting our promoter the entire time.  We finally did make it in and had to wait in even more lines to get drinks, but after that, the par-tay definitely gets going!  ENCORE BEACH CLUB IS LEGIT!  It's hit-or-miss at night as Surrender but EBC is as fun as a barrel o' monkeys.. or a barrel o' vodka... Despite the downsides (long lines, expensive drinks and no re-entry), the pool is big enough that you have plenty of room for drunken frolicking without  some random sweaty gorilla trying to subtly rub his peen against you in the guise of dancing; the venue in general is beautiful and expansive with multiple bathrooms and bars; the music and sound system is fantastic (although this can depend, Morgan Page was spinning while we were there, although he didn't come on til 3 or 4 which was kind of a bummer); and the crowd is just there to have a good time! This was definitely one of the highlights of our trips and just overall, A FUN, RAGETASTIC EXPERIENCE--one which, in fact, made the birthday girl vomit spectacularly in the lobby of the Elara immediately after the cab ride.  Can't wait for pool party season to get started so I can hit up EBC again!
5	On the bigger weekends, this is the best party in America. Beautiful people that are easy to talk to, great DJ's, and an energy found nowhere else.Tip: If you like to party really hard, get a lilypad close to the stage instead of a cabana. The cabanas are too far removed from the action. The lilypads put you right in the middle of it.
1	If your idea of fun is spending ungodly amounts of money and being treated like shit because it's "exclusive" you have found paradise - otherwise it sucks! They made us wait in line for a 1/2 hour even though we had a cabana!
5	This place has to be one of the best pool parties that I've ever been too!!! Our group got a day bed and it was perfect for our group of 12. Only a few people laid on the bed because most everyone was either in the pool, dancing, or roaming around. The bottles took a little while to get to the table initially but once it got there, the waitress was great at keeping it flowing. The place itself was huge so when the party got going it didn't feel crowded at all. We danced our a$$ off and had the best time of our lives. If you come to Vegas during pool season, YOU MUST PARTY HERE!
5	Funny how I hated Surrender, the night party in this same space, but loved Encore Beach Club. Maybe because the DJ isn't tucked away in a corner for only a small group to see. Or maybe because it wasn't super crowded.Anyway LDW caught Guetta here and it was massive! Didn't advance tickets so it cost $50, totally worth it though. Spent most of the day at a friends cabana upstairs. Cabanas are the way to go. Bottle service, cigar service, a misty breeze blowing in your hair, great view of the pool. Headed down poolside to watch Guetta and it was amazing. Michael Phelps, Landon and other Olympians made appearances partying along with team GB. Feeling a bit hot? Take a quick dip, cool off and rage in the pool. Good space, great pool, great party.P.S. Love that one category for this place is a "zoo"...accurate.
4	Always been a big fan of Encore Beach Club due to the size of the place and how nice the venue is. Also....I don't feel that the water is as dirty with contaminants like piss as other places, even though it probably is. Buuuuuut hey, it's what you think that matters at the time....right?Ratio is pretty good here and I would say that the crowd is younger than Wet Republic. Drinks are expensive as always, a pitcher of a mixed drink is about $100.
5	Wooohoo As good as it get's
5	One of THEE best pool parties in Vegas!! Definitely a must for a Vegas day club!!The Encore Beach Club is located inside the Wynn in front of the mall.RSVP online to get in for free, doors open at 12:30pm and closes at 6pm. You will no regret bringing your bathing suit top. Drinks are a little on the expensive side, beers are $9.00, bloddy marys and margaritas are $18.00, so bring cash. They usually have big DJ's spinning every Sunday afternoon so either day you come it will be awesome!! Bartenders, the crowd, the security guards, even the lady in the restroom are suppper friendly! This weekend Oct 7th, will be the last time they will open for the Summer, :( wish it could be Summer all year long just just so I can be a regular at Encore Beach Club.Like them on facebook to get more details!! :)http://www.facebook.com/encorebeachclub
5	Um hot tubs in the cabanas? Deal sealed. Oh and they seem to always get the best DJs. That helps too.
4	this place is much better than marquee day club, i say that cause its bigger and much more room and the pool is biggeri had a lot of fun, but my alchie was expensive but its vegas! got in for 60 bucks dangggggg really to dance and drink and what not, but its vegas so it was ok! still gave this a 4 starhowever be careful here, cause the pool is bigger and more interseting cause there are beds on the pool side too, so i was kicking there then i fall into the pool but my leg hits the shallow end, straight up a chuck of my flesh came off haha, too drunk to feel the pain, but just be carefuli was still good, went to surrender that night, same place!
4	Encore Beach Club has replaced Wet Republic as the go to pool for House/Dance/Electronic Music with the biggest DJ's like Tiesto, Deadmau5, Kaskade, Skrillex, Steve Angelo, Diplo, Afrojack, Calvin Harris, and Steve Aoki spinning every weekend! If you have been to Surrender Nightclub then you have been to the same place. During the day it's called Encore Beach Club and at night it's called Surrender :0)They have water volleyball, gaming, lilly pads for lounging in the pool, bungalows with your own private pool, cabanas with a balcony view of the Las Vegas strip, the best looking ladies and gentlemen in Vegas partying their a$$ off, and the best DJ's in the world. This place is the best!Drinks are standard Vegas prices with beer being $10-$12, mixed drinks $12-$20, and specialty drinks $15-$25. I believe the pitchers are $65 and you get 5 small drinks in 1 pitcher. No free tap water so expect to pay $8 if you ask for water. There is no open chairs at the pool. All adult Vegas pools want you to pay a food/beverage minimum for a lounge chair, table, daybed, or cabana if you want a place to lay out/party. If you just do entry you can grab a towel and sit on the concrete edge of the pool or if you are cute girls go make friends with guys who have bottles!*Hotel guests of the Encore can go to the concierge desk and usually be put on a special guest list too.
5	My favorite pool of all times!!! Been going here since grand opening. Love it so much. It tops all Vegas pool parties!! :) Huge fan :) If there is a big DJ, book a table or go super duper early, if you are a party of all guys, I really don't think you will get in without a table or tipping the hosts! But it's amazingggg. group of hot girls, you should still try to go early if it's avicii or something ;) xo
2	$40 cover on a dead Friday night?  TERRIBLE! No chicks, decent music though!!  Good DJ on the Friday night of Nov 23, even though there was no one really there.  Miss the good ol' days of when they had Steve Aoki, but I guess he took his act on the road as of late.  Me and my friends wish would have just given the $40 cover to the blackjack dealer... haha.
5	whoa whoa whoa whoa, when the hell did I say Encore Beach wasn't crazy??? Last time, my girls lost their clothes/shoes/minds or all of the above. EBC! EBC! EBC!
5	BEST pool party in town!! BEST DJ'S in town! HOTTEST bodies in town! There really is NO WHERE else to go!  This is what Summer is all about... Don't waist your time at Rehab (Hard Rock Hotel). That place is super ghetto and filled with a bunch of New Jersey Rejects!! Love me some EBC! Can't wait for Summer to start!!  Would like to add a side note, if you are on here bitching abut how you waited in a long line to get in...well your clearly not hot and have no pull and should not even try to come here! This place is for the Elite and that's why it's the sexiest pool party in town...Everyone else need not apply and please see the line at The Hard Rock Hotel.
4	I love this place and come every year but for some reason they had some platform up covering half the pool. I came to a day club for a reason, to enjoy the pool. I think they did it to get more tables or tried it as a dance floor, either way we had a table on it today and it was way too hot to even walk on in 80 degree weather. I can only imagine when it's 100+ out. If they don't remove it next time I go, my girls and I will go elsewhere.
5	I've been here twice and had a brilliant time on both occasions! I would recommend a day bed! Great venue, great music, great weather, great staff! The best day party in Vegas!
4	My favorite pool in Vegas.  They always have a good DJ there and table service is good.  The locations of the beds are great and a lovely crowd is always there.  No bags are allowed in this place, backpacks n such.  Bottle prices are reasonable, but they mark them up during holidays.  Fun times.  The only negative is that the bouncers are too "tough".  Always annoying when you find badass bouncers haha but other than that def a spot to check out!
4	Encore Beach club is my favorite pool party club in Vegas. It's pretty expensive but then again everything is expensive in Vegas.The ambience is really fun and energetic. The people are friendly (probably because they're all drunk or rolling). And the DJ setup is great. If it's your first time in Vegas you should go here. Also be careful because the ground is slippery and once I fell and landed on my back pretty hard, but thats ok because I was drunk and I couldn't feel much, so I got back up and started partying again.All in all it's a good time.
4	Um, good looking people?  Good looking club?   Good looking workers?  Good looking errr thang?!  Best have dat good looking body doe!  Hahaha.Came here for the first time a couple weeks ago during spring break and loved how spacious it was!  So many people but still plenty of room everywhere!  Love, love, love it here.  Just wished the temperature was warmer when I came to visit.  Definitely need to hit up this place later in the spring / summer!!!
5	It's happening!!!
3	Umm okay maybe I am the only one who had a questionable experience. I think the pool is great but there isn't much room outside of the pool, so either you're in a cabana stuck with your group not able to mingle, or in the pool getting wet, which I don't like either. I personally like a lounging area where people can mingle and walk around and hang out. I hate being forced in a specific area at a club/pool party.Also wtf is up with no contact in the pool?? You are scolded and forced to back off from the opposite sex if you are in "making out" distance. What is this, elementary school?! People are supposed to hook up at a pool party, thats why people come to vegas right? This only applies in the pool but people can apparently dry hump on land. Bizarre policy. There is a staff that hawks the premisis who literally go around and prod you with a stick like cattle if you are too close. Beautiful venue, but I am an adult and I'll do what I want. It's vegas!Also, I stayed at the wynn and no comp tickets for ebc?! After I pay for a $500+ room? hell no, ain't nobody got time for that. Marquee and rehab is way better in my opinion, but it's just my opinion.
5	My favorite dayclub in Vegas! It's on the agenda every time I hit up Vegas :) I like it the best i think because it's spacious and there's a lot going on. They even have a little casino room. It's so fun at EBC!If you guys need a promoter, message me!
4	The best attraction in Vegas in my opinionBeautiful venue, nice clientele, cool vibe and a good mix of music. I always find the Lillypad to be the best option as its right in the action but offers a 'base' where you can leave your stuff.I have been 3 times and the amount of girls there always heavily outnumbers the guys, there is a reason though. The girls get free daybeds/bottles whilst the cheapest a set of guys can pay is $1300, however some will argue its worth it.The only thing stopping this place getting a 5 star is the rude security, excessive amounts of lines and the volume of staff acting the part but doing nothing. sadly thats generally the downside of Vegas.
4	Pretty awesome / chill place.  Good music, good pool, CROWDED though.  Drinks are really expensive though - even water costs money! Be sure to pregame ahead of time because buying is super expensive.
5	I LOVE a good pool party! I also LOVE a good pool party where I don't have to pay for shiiiiiiiiiiiiiiet. This was the first time I went to EBC, Avicii was spinning and there were lots of people. It was a good time, good for people watching,a  BEAUTIFUL day out. endless drinks and an all around great time! I can't wait o go back!
5	best vegas pool party!  the cabanas had a $5000 minimum (alcohol and food.)
4	I love Encore Beach Club! Positives:- It's super fun when the beat drops and everyone splashes in the pool- If you're hungover from the night before, this is a great place to just relax in the hot vegas sun, especially if you come earlier before the crowd gets in- You don't really need to prep much for Encore (okay maybe a couple months of intense work outs at the gym), but just put on your swim suits, lather up on some sunblock, and you're set, even if you're a girl. Negatives:- Ordered 2 AMFs each $17, and lets just say, I wasn't saying Adios to anybody. :/ - Can get crowded super fast especially in the pool- Yes, that's a cup you just stepped on at the bottom of the pool- Yes, that's a straw floating on top of the water- Yes, that girl under the stripper pole shower just had her bikini come off- Yes, that girl under the stripper pole shower without her bikini is your drunk friend- Yes, someone is probably peeing in this pool right now seeing how packed full of people it is
5	I agree with all the positive reviews on here...Great: atmosphere, set up, music, everything like that.But I want to make a special shoutout to the hosts and pretty much every employee there, so professional, extra accommodating and everyone looks good doing what they're doing, without them this place wouldn't set itself apart from the other day/pool clubs in Vegas, and I really think it does. This is a must do Vegas activity. Check it out and tip heavily.
5	A+ place! Here for the weekend and I am all about this place!
5	Daybed..you know the one on the pool itself...drinks (recommend the strawberry lemondae pitcher $90 worrrrth it)Had a GRRRREAT time here w/ the girlfriends. We had a host who got us all these great incentives. Loved the daybed..its better than the cabanas because you're actually AT THE POOL. The umbrella shaded us from the sun. We had a security guy nearby which I thought was cool because our stuff was just left out in the open. We were situated between the Bar and the Restrooms---perfect location!The music was House... its vegas..90% of music will be house music lolThe restrooms were extremely clean..but still..wear your flipflops..never know!Overall, I'd def come back!
5	This my favorite day club in VEGAS! It beats marquee day club in my opinion :). The male lifeguards are so hot!!!! :)Always contact a promoter to get on the guest list! :). You need a 1:1 to get on the guest list. Of course, girls are always free. Yup, it's nice to be a girl in Vegas! Guys will pay a reduced price :). Pretty good deal.I went and saw Steven Angelo! It was awesome! I love being able to dance in the pool. Theres room for everyone in the pool! It's not as small as Marquee's day club. :).The drinks are decent! Sometimes there are bottomless mimosas for girls (free until a certain time) :). It depends on the day though.I also went in early April and there were no DJs performing... It was just okay. I definitely recommend only coming when there's a DJ performing (which is all the time since it's summer!) Don't come when it opens for the season haha. The line has always been short for me since I'm always on the guestlist. The locker fee is only 10 dollars. Super cheap! Don't put your phone/camera on the side, pay that 10 dollars fee to keep it in a safe place!
4	This is a beautiful day club! First off I want to shout out the security guy who makes the announcements before the pool opens. He was hilarious. Right on my brotha... lol. Had no problems getting in ultimately, except one of the moderators asked me for a credit card to verify that it was really me on my ID *roll eyes* My friend and I received a free Hello Kitty bikini and a EBC season pass for being one of the first 100 (local) ladies. Free Malibu and pineapple for ladies from 1 to 2 so they had me at hello lol. The whole staff is pretty awesome here. Literally nobody was dancing though, so if you wanna turn up at a day club then this probably isn't your joint... at least not on Fridays. As a side mention, they only play techno here. I'm excited to come back with our season passes though. Woo Hoo!
4	Awesome venue with the best music and scenery in Las Vegas. BE WARNED: they have a STRICT zero-tolerance policy for any kind of drugs- including pot. They will search every pocket of your bag for contraband. And I mean EVERY pocket.
5	Amazing!!! Best pool party in Vegas. Sound is awesome no matter where you are. Only negative is how much of a pain in the a$$ it is to get in even if you have a reservation.
4	Better than MarqueeFree drinks when we went this past sunday.  as many nasty mimosas as you can fit in your stomach.The floor is constantly being squeegeed clean by the staff which i appreciate, since a lot of us are walking around barefoot.I was impressed at the amount of space, its definitely roomier with more than 1.5x the space of Marquee, which means less people stepping on eachother and spilling drinks on you.  The pool is about chest deep (i'm 5'4'') so it's harder to dance in than the pool at Marquee, however the water is cleaner over here.NO SPLASHING RULE:  the slightest splashing will cause security to come after you.  if you want to take pictures with your non-water resistant devices, this is a better place to do so than Marqueeoverall i like it and would come again
2	Memorial Day Pool Party was a total frat party.  We had a nice bed with bottle service and unbrellas for the Steve Angelo set.  I had never seen so many guys arguing and fighting around the pool.  Our girlfriends were shocked, total let down..  Very kidi spot, not for heavy hitters or if you want to see women who are above a 4 out of a scale 1-10.Good for kids and self conscious girls who haven't worked out and drank too much beer over the last 5 years.
3	Of the few pool parties I've been to in Vegas (Wet Republic, Marquee), EBC is probably my favorite, but after the last visit, it seems to have gone somewhat downhill? There seemed to be a lot more cellulite and unsavory looking people than I remember there being; the water was also a lot more murky looking. Maybe I was just less drunk than I was the first time I went?PROS:-Always good lineup of DJs. Avicii seems to be here every few weeks. -Plenty of space, even on holiday weekends, you should find a place to dance (except right in front of the DJ stage)-Fun people watching - both the eyecandy kind and the appalling, freakshow sort. The last time we went, we saw a guy slapping random girls butts, but he had a cabana, so the bouncers let him do it and these were slutty girls on the stripper poles, so they liked the attention if anything. -Clean bathroomsCONS:-Not so clean water - I'm sure there's a fair share of bodily fluids and sunblock residue floating around. I guess it's the case with any pool party in Vegas. -As with XS, the bouncers make you wait to try to get you to grease them to let you in, even if it's not really crowded inside (citing "capacity"). As always, showing up early is recommended, but then you have to wait a while for the headliner to play.-AMF - 17 dollars here but extremely weaksauce! That price is typical for the top tier clubs in town, but I at least expect a decent pour. Sneak a mini bottle or two in and just stick with a regular well drink.
1	We went on Memorial Day weekend. The club in itself was nice. Big pool and a great layout. Bathrooms are nice and music was great.Problem was the staff at the bag check in. Its not our fault that you had to work on a holiday weekend. Doesn't mean you have to steal from peoples wallets. They put your stuff in a big plastic bag and tie it up. Theres no locker. If I had known this I wouldn't have brought so much cash in my wallet. Hopefully I was only one of the few unlucky ones, but I think for such a supposed high end place, I am extremely disappointed that they have such lousy, entitled, poorly trained in customer service staff.If you truly want this to be the best pool day club, create a better bag check in system (for the amount of money the establishment gets from drink and ticket sales, I'm sure they could afford LOCKERS) or, hire honest people.So lesson learned, don't bring cash then you might have a good time in the murky crowded pool.
4	I must say, I was thoroughly surprised AND impressed with this day club. There wasn't a way to get on their guestlist through the website, but luckily I found a company who assists with guestlists for this venue and the host they assigned to us was very helpful and informative. Security was on point with introductions and announcements before the club even opened for the day. Inside, they were offering season EBC passes to the first 100 ladies who signed up.. and ALSO had free hello kitty bikinis as well, which of course I snatched up in the quickness. The layout of the venue is very nice.. lots of daybeds and cabanas and I LOVED the daybeds that actually extended into the pool area. Not sure of how their pricing is but I would love to get one someday. Free Open Bar for Ladies was from 1 to 2. Another Plus. Only downside is that I went on a Friday, and the atmosphere seemed much more laidback than I thought it'd be. The area where the DJ booth was located was DEAD. Not a soul dancing. Didn't really see much people dancing at all throughout the day. But overall, I had a great time!
5	EBC is always crackin'! I prefer this day club over Marquee because the open space to walk, great DJ's and everyone is friendly! I would recommend coming here as I have always had a great time at this pool!
4	Came here to see Steve Angello perform. This place is pretty nice. Pretty big pool. Go in at your own risk. Who knows what's floating around in the waters. Seen a lady go in and she came out pregnant!! Or maybe I was tripping. Must've been all the drinks along with the hot ass sun beating down on me.Area in front of the DJ booth could be a little bigger. Buff ass security guards kept enforcing everyone to stay behind the line! Whatevers.Cabanas everywhere. Skin everywhere. Drunken fools here and there. Muscles. Ass. Tatas all present as well.Pool parties in Vegas are definitely where it's at. Good music, good times. It's just like a club but during the day.Plus you don't have to go all out on your outfit. Less is best.I'd go back.
2	Pool party that won't let us splash? Get in trouble for raging too hard? The venue is really nice but I'm here to party and get wild, not lounge around listening to music. If I wanted to do that I would be at the hotel pool
4	AMAZING PARTY! AMAZING VENUE!i had a blast here with my boyfriend and friends! it wasn't TOO TOO crowded and everyone was really nice! we got lucky because we sat right by one of the tables by the pool and the party didn't mind us there! be prepared to spends lots and lots of $$$my boyfriend bought 3 cocktails and a small water bottle and the bill came out to be $59!! OMFG :( and that's not including tip either! my girls and i messed up because we came too late and they closed the guest list down. luckily our promoter hooked it up and gave us discounted tickets instead of paying the full price of $50 for girls, $100 for guys. i would def. come back here and pre game before but it's just too early to start drinking! my fave thing about the pool is the stripper poles in the middle!
5	Super Crackin...Lots of fun. Great vibes, beautiful woman. Vegas atmosphere at its finest
5	Best day beach club in Vegas.  Classier than Rehab.  More beautiful than Marquee.  Hotter people than Wet Republic. If you really want to dance in between dipping in the pool, this is the place to be.  Best dance area with best DJ's.
5	Sexy everything..... Make sure to reserve a Lily Pad!!!!!
5	OMG take me back right meow. What on God's green earth can I possibly say about EBC that hasn't already been said about two dozen times?? Nothing, I am not that eloquent to come up with anything new. Huge area, amazing guest performers, drinks are expensive, pool can get murky, yada yada yada. I am, however, adequately outfitted to give some tips. Get on a promoter's list. You don't need to be built like Barbie to make this happen... be friendly, take a little pride in your appearance, but above all things, if you look like you're enjoying yourself people will want you to party with them. But yes, being a group of all girls is helpful. Once you're in, check anything that you don't want to lug around... it's $10, people. Worth it to not get your things stolen (which we actually saw happen in one of the bungalows, regardless of having a safe... leading to the advice to not invite actual strippers to your bungalow, gentlemen! Newsflash.... they don't actually like you! LOL sorrynotsorry). Another item: it's always a good rule of thumb to pregame, but try to add a few waters in there too... do you really want to be one THOSE people getting wheeled out of there? No one does.Long story short, it is what you make of it. Come with people you can have a great time with, be it in the pool, in front of the DJ booth (DIPLO ftw) or in your new friends' cabana... and a great time you shall have. :)PS: Sunscreen. Speaks for itself, yes?
5	Seriously my favorite part of my Vegas trip was EBC!Ok I should probably say that this review is probably skewed a bit because of our awesome promoter that we randomly meant on the strip, Richie Palou. He hooked us up with no cover, minimal line, and access to a stretch of several cabanas/day beds to hang at. There was also free mimosas for ladies until 2. In addition, he wouldn't even take my measly 10 dollar tip and just said to enjoy ourselves (but not to say that you shouldn't try)! Such a sweet guy. So with that said, I didn't pay a cover or for drinks so my experience was probably different than for others (especially guys!)We went on a Sunday (which I was told was the best day to go). And guess who was the DJ...none other than Lil Jon! He was really good too. The place itself has a fun ambience with a lot of palm trees and the cabanas are adorable with red curtains and day beds. The cabanas had balconies that opened up to the street. They also were stalked with towels and glasses. Coat check is only 10 per bag so we just put all of our smaller bags into one big bag and split the cost making it really cheap. The water wasn't murky like others have complained. I would recommend getting there by 12 (1 at the latest). Try to get the hookups if you can but if not I'd definitely recommend this. I enjoyed it much more than a night club- no heels while dancing and get a tan at the same time! :]
5	Went to Encore Beach Club because Red Foo from LMFAO was hosting on a Saturday, and he sure did a great job! The music was great and everyone was having a great time. It's truly one of the best pool parties I've ever been to and I enjoyed it much more than Rehab on Sunday. It may seem quite pricey to pay $60 for a pool party, but I must say it was definitely worth it!
3	It was fun.  We went to see Afrojack and left before he went on.   The drinks are expensive of course, the employees are beautiful, good for singles and a fun time.  The pool is smaller than allot of the pools.  Went to rehab the previous day and it was great. Allot more people.
5	Great venue. Big, fun. Cabanas are really nice with great service. Lily pad is a less expensive way to go.
3	Came here for Above and Beyond during EDC. Maybe my experience wasn't that great because I was completely EXHAUSTED and knew that I still had one night left of madness. While the venue is super nice, I felt everything else was just ehhh. Cocktails are expensive (well duh, you're in Vegas so that's a given) but the only thing I wasn't crazy about was the clientele and how the staff acted. *shrug* The stage was also TINY so expect to just sit in the pool and listen versus dance. I was expecting amazingness and I left underwhelmed. I shall try again next time I'm back in sin city and see if the experience is better, maybe after some rest =P
3	This pool party is crazy. It was packed to the max with lines going around the corner to get in. Reserve a table if you can, believe me its worth the extra money. Otherwise you'll have to stand or walk around in the heat and if your not in the pool already, you will most likely have a hard time finding a spot to get in.
4	I love this pool. It's really pretty. Very roomy so even though it was crowded, it didn't feel cramped. Drinks are ridiculous expensive. Luckily, I only paid for one. But honestly, drinks on the strip are so overpriced wherever you go.Guy at the door, James, was great. Not like the assholes you usually have to deal with at these places.All in all, if you're looking for a fun day club in Vegas, I'd highly recommend this one. We all had a blast.
5	Up to this point in Vegas Beach parties, Encore Beach Club sets the standard. Visually, it is the most attractive and alluring layout for a beach party. Even with the place at capacity, it still feels like you have elbow room. The bartenders and staff are very friendly and very attractive. The whole place emits what a vegas pool party should be like. A plus with EBC is a large gambling area behind the pools. For those who want to gamble or watch a few sports games, that is an option at EBC. You can always expect big DJ names at EBC with a fun environment and good crowd. I've never seen a single fight or drama at a pool party. The only draw back (which should be expected at Wynn/Encore) is the prices. Tables, cabanas, day beds are going to run high and drinks at the bar are right up there as well. One red bull vodka is $16 to $18 last time I checked. But, if you are there to party and enjoy yourself with friends, EBC should be a first stop without a doubt. A great place I would recommend to anyone going to Vegas.
1	My friend purchased a cabana for us and things were fine until a power hungry security guard decided to ruin the day. He came up to us and asked one of my friends to lift up her sunglasses then said "You're Out." We asked for an explanation and they said it was private property and they did not need to disclose anything to us. My friend was coherent and civil. Even the servers agreed with us and told us not to pay any gratuity. We even spoke to head of security who sided with that asshole. Aside from my personal experience, the water is warm which is pretty gross. Marquee day club's water is cooler. I'd recommend going there unless you're dying to see a DJ at Encore.
4	After going to Marquee in the past, I was much more relieved to find out how much more space Encore Beach provided! My fear of beach clubs began when I went to Marquee last summer and it was literally shoulder to shoulder crowds. It was so bad I couldn't even step foot in the pool!Encore was much more organized and although there were more people you could still find space to move around and take a dip in the pool. Girls are free on guest list but guys have to pay full cover at a ridiculous price of $52. I'm really not sure why the beach club would cost more than the night club but i'm sure glad i'm not a guy! The drinks I heard are also ridiculously expensive so I would load up on some alkie in the casino before heading out to the pool.
5	I cannot believe that I have neverrrrr written a review for Encore Beach Club. I love, love, loveeee the beach club @ Encore. Yes, It gets crazy packed! and No, you cannot swim in the water!  but it is not made for that!! If you are looking for a place to chill and relax by the pool, this is not your place!Encore is merely an outdoor, daytime club with a strict dress code of swimwear only! They serve food and drinks which are both moderately priced and there is always a dj. The music is always Techno/house. I'm not a fan but I forget all about the music once I've had a couple of drinks. You need to arrive early to secure a place to sit if you haven't reserved a daybed or lounge chair. Girls are usually free if you get on the guest list (find a promoter) and as long as you arrive prior to the guest list closing, you will have no problem getting in.I have never been to Rehab because the line is just wayyy toooo crazy. Fortunately, that is not the case at Encore Beach Club! For the most part, the wait is never unbearably long. Saturdays are the best days!
3	Beautiful spot, super fun. However, it all didn't start all that well. Went there EDC weekend and had reserved a table in advance for $1300. Got to the place and was told that all the tables for $1300 had sold out ; this is after having confirmed a reservation. Some short douchy little wannabe surfer dude with a clipboard came and said, well we can still get you a table if you give me $300. Wasn't happy to hear all this and he's like while you think about it you can get out of the line. We decided to just say F it and pay the 300 but now he's telling me to get to the back of the line, and that with an attitude like he's Steve Wynn himself. I understand you have to be assertive in those situations but guests of the hotel shouldn't be treated this way, specially after having confirmed reservations and now being told to pay extra 300 even though we showed up way before time. Long story short, it's a awesome fun place, great dj's. BEWARE of the staff as they will try to drain every single dollar you have to get you absolutely nothing. I'm sure I'm not the first or last person this has or will happen to. Buy tickets in advance and stand in line. Way cheaper. Don't worry about bottle service unless you're willing to spend upwards of 5k. We ended up with a $2700 bill for 6 of us and our table was in a dark desolate corner. We were too faded to care then but looking back at it, it was a rip off. Pre sale is the way to go. Even with $17 drinks you won't spend anywhere close to the table. As far as the status that comes with a table, there's none unless you're in a prime location and those are upwards of 5k.
5	Scenario: Summer in Vegas!Pros: - By far the CLEANEST day club- Good service- Spacious- Good foodCons: - Um...none?In A Nutshell: Encore Beach Club is by far the best day club that I've been to, although this is subjective (e.g. I highly dislike Marquee, therefore I automatically assume their day club sucks).  First off, EBC is CLEAN. By the end of the day, the water is still clear and there are no cups, bottles, straws, crap, etc. floating around in the water.  The restroom floors are constantly being mopped and dried for those of you who like walking around barefoot (GROSS, but I digress).  EBC also has a lot of space for people to roam and sit, especially those who don't order table service.  Wonderful, considering most clubs today make your life miserable if you don't happen to want to shell out $10,000 for a table.  The pool is also large enough to accommodate many people, making it easy maneuver through and to duck out of the way in case anyone wants to play chicken (which security won't let happen, but you never know...it's Vegas!).Lastly, when you're drunk and starving, they have a bar area that serves great food.  Get the chicken fingers with waffle fries.  After 16 drinks, it's the best thing you'll ever eat.GO. TO. EBC. Buy presales online and get in line early.  Doors typically open at 11am and run until 6pm.
1	Pro:-Spacious - even for this sold out event-Quick service for drinks-Great overall performances by all the DJ'sCons:-Security involved with all the lines were rude power tripping assholes-Servers for the cabanas were racist and rude-Security on the inside were assholes literally pushes people around that were simply trying to enjoy themselvesThis club was beautiful and filled with beautiful people.  The only drawback, AND THIS IS A HUGE ONE, is that the people in charge of both keeping the peace and keeping the patrons happy were COMPLETE ASSHOLES.Around the entrance to the pools are cabanas that expensive as fu**, and rightfully so especially since it was a dope lineup for the show.  When people pay so much money for a prime spot, it's understandable that they want their area for their people and for other people to stay out.  My issue isn't with the fact that these spots are exclusive, my issue is with the way that the servers were handling it.  I was walking into the pool to cool down and the entrance was right between 2 cabanas.  This was a common entrance and EVERYONE was using it. When I tried, the server came up to me yelling in my face saying, "THIS IS THE LAST FU**ING TIME I'M GOING TO TELLYOU, STAY THE FU** OUT OF THIS CABANA AREA OR I'M GOING TO KICK YOU THE FU** OUT!!!! "I responded by simply saying, " I understand what you're saying, but there really isn't a reason to be so rude about it.  This is the first time I'm hearing this and it won't happen again."He then responded with, " I'm sorry but I've been telling you people all day and to tell you the truth, all you asians look alike. "My jaw literally dropped when the guy told me this.  I couldn't believe this came out of this guys mouth.  My friend saw the disgust in my face and came over to figure out what was going on.  And before I could gather myself to respond, my friend got me out of the pool and I went to my "respective corner" in this verbal boxing match that I didn't even have a chance to throw a response too.After talking to my friend, the server repeated how all of the asians at the club look alike and how he " didn't want to be that guy who says stuff like that. "  by " that guy " I'm sure he meant another racist white guy.  The cherry on top, was that when he was telling me friend how many times he had to yell at people to stay out, he pointed to my black friend and said especially that ni**er over there.  This is when my friend simply walked away because not only was my black friend no where near the area he was "patrolling," but I'm sure that if he he said that he wasn't that he would just say that all black people looked alike too.So after that I just stayed out of the pool altogether to avoid anymore racist comments.  Instead I stayed near our groups stuff stashed by a nearby tree that was near the pool.  After hanging out there, completely out of the way, I felt someone pushing me out of the way.  Not like a little nudge like an excuse me, but literally pushing me from the back into the tree.  When I gathered my feet and looked back.  It was red shirt security guy that said that I needed to get the fu** out of the way.  What was I in the way of???  No one was walking by, no one was complaining, no one was doing anything wrong except this douche trying to push his weight around.Last issue I have is with the security in charge of the entrance lines.  This was a SOLD OUT event so our entire group got on the guest list weeks before to ensure entrance.  Our group isn't new to the party scene, so we knew that we might have to wait for a while, but we knew the show would be worth it.  When we got to the front of the line, they decided to let in the people who purchased presales first before they let anymore guest list in.  This is understandable and our group of 13 girls and 7 guys waited patiently.  During the wait, we had a birds eye view of security getting greased by line cutters left and right.  The velvet rope served no other purpose than a source of quick income for all of the security guards.  We thought to ourselves ... ok this isn't an issue, it happens everywhere.  So we shut out mouth and continued to wait patiently.  After a couple of hours, the main security guard ( I only think this because he was yelling at everyone telling them what to do ) said no more people could be let in through the ropes and this must have pissed off some if not all of the security guards that feed off this extra income.So, after waiting in line, at the top of the stairs, under the Las Vegas Sun ... We were getting ansy and decided to ask the person in charge of our line if we were next to get in soon.  His response, to this very simple question, that was not said in a rude fashion of any sorts was, " You're gonna get it, but if you continue to give me attitude, I'm going to kick you out! "  Once again, we had already invested 4 + hours now, so our group simply shut their mouth.RUDE STAFF AND WILL NEVER COME BACK
5	This was my favorite thing we did in Las Vegas.The place is HUGE with 3 pools that are elaborately designed.  In the pool itself there are built in benches, tables, and decks that show this pool was designed to be a dayclub. It was always easy to get in the pool and find some space to sit and set your drink down at.  Another big benefit to this pool is many of their daybeds are actually in the water or even have their own personal small pools. There are several bars scattered through the place.  They all made great mohitos. Never had to wait more than 5 minutes even though it was packed.  They have a very nice bag check for $10 that you can go to as much as you want (at Daylight they wanted $40 for a small locker).  Our groups favorite thing to do here was just watch the people. Who knew you were supposed to wear high heels to the pool? If you got something to show off this is the perfect place to do it, otherwise just sit back and enjoy the show ;)
1	Although I have had a lot of fun here, it was only once i got inside and partied in the pool with my friends. Up to that point, it is a straight up HORROR. I get it, it's vegas, so things are more crowded. But honestly, 90% of the workers here are complete assholes/douchebags. Shame on me for not getting a presale so I had to wait in general admission for two hours, but it was the way the workers behaved that really got to me. I saw two male workers pointing at several girls in line to "whisper" who they thought was hot or not. "She's hot. She's not. No. No. Hot. Yes. Yes. No. No". I couldnt believe it and it happened several times! It is extremely demeaning and had it not been my girl friends birthday I would not have stood in line and put up with that. Now on to bottle service. It took our waitress almost 2.5 hours just to give us 2 rounds of cocktails and beers. She would take 20 mins+ to come back after any requests. It was super frustrating to say the least.I went to Marquee Day Club the next day and it was  freaking BREEZE. All the workers were nice, asked how u were doing and wished u a good time. And honestly, all the guests there seemed more happy, too. I know I was!! They may not have the biggest pools, but they know how to keep their customers happy. One of the staff told me that it's what theyre known for at Marquee, their service. It just wasnt stressful, n that's a big thing for me. Sorry EBC, get your shit together.
5	Hands down, the best pool experience you can receive on the strip. Also known as Surrender during the evenings, Encore Beach Club (EBC) is hybrid between three elaborate, expansive pools and a world-class, Vegas nightclub. When thinking about EBC, don't even think about the standard hotel pool; because it's far from it!Last Saturday, I went to EBC to celebrate a friend's birthday with a big group of around 20 people. Getting into the place was a breeze: when we checked in, we felt like VIPs/High-Rollers. My host greeted us at the entrance, introduced himself to our group, and then escorted us to our table... RIGHT IN FRONT OF the DJ booth [Diplo was performing] (check out my photos to see how close we were). As we were getting seated at the table, I could tell that people standing around us were a little bit jealous; heck, I would be too!At the table, we were introduced to our waitress (Winter was her name) and our runner (Anthony). The two were extremely friendly, talkative, and funny, and they also catered to our every need. Whenever the birthday boy needed something, they handled it quickly. Now while our table was nice, the real reason why we came to EBC were the pools. There are about three pools at EBC, and they are all pretty big. The main pool sat right in front of our table and in front of the DJ booth; this is where everyone chills and lounges in. Surrounding the pools are two floors of Bungalows and Cabanas (they have their own tvs, balconies overlooking the strip, and restrooms). I've been in these before, and they are great; however, kinda expensive (on Saturday, they were selling for $2,500 for a cabana and $4,000 for a bungalow). EBC also has about 4 bars, six gaming tables, and a full-service snack shack. I ordered chicken tenders and fries, and it was about $20 for four pieces of chicken; but hey, that's Vegas for you. Honestly, I love EBC. The vibe, ambiance, DJ selection (just about every major EDM DJ has a residency to perform there), the service.... pretty much there defines why Encore Beach Club is a truly great, exemplarily, and outstanding place. I can't wait to go back.
5	OMG!I can not say anything just go and exploreWhat a gem !
5	we got a couch  for a 500$ deposit of food and drinks.  i LOVED that they (of course) had a vegan menu and options but they also had great drinks like cucumber infused refreshing drinks and raspberry limeade.  SO DELISH!  like everything the wynn does - this place exceeds your expectations.  the pool was clean, the service was QUICK and FRIENDLY, and even the bathrooms were clean, despite a raging party going on.  at one point the water station was sprinkling on our couch b/c of the wind.  the staff immediately turned it off.  even though clubbing isn't my thing - like AT ALL - the encore beach club made it somewhat bearable :)
5	The place is heaven on earth! Make sure to get on the guest list before you go. The Beach Club is always crowded with attractive people. No one actually goes swimming here it's your typical social Vegas pool. I feel that most people workout before coming to Vegas day clubs. Everyone is super fit here. Definitely a place to see and be seen :)
5	Don't even bother with the other beach clubs in Vegas! EBC is where its at! Everytime I've been here, I've had the time of my lifeee! Musics always on point, drinks are delicious and strong, half naked bodies everywhere.. what more could you ask for !? Hahahha
5	Beach pool party for the win during the summer days!You can't go wrong with their pool area here!  It is nice and spacious with plenty of people to make it super fun!  They have a good dance section on the ground floor and Lil Jon was DJ-ing that day!  It was great!There is a podium located in the middle, where you can dance, get cray cray and let loose!Encore, encore, I want me some more!500th review!
3	Much of the gorgeous people have migrated to Marquee Day Club and Daylight, replaced by chicks with too much plastic or too much cellulite.Luckily, the DJ lineup is still solid enough for me to return and brave the murky, polluted pool water, $15 hot dogs, and $23 Redbull Vodka drink prices.
5	Attended one of the best sunday night pool party ever! The atmosphere was hot, the crowd was energetic, and our waitress that tended to our cabana was the sweetest! Such a fun time, loved the inflatables in the pool, and the music was awesome! Definitely one of the best pool experiences in Vegas, Encore Beach club is a large space so you won't feel like your packed in too tight with other sweating bodies! Love it!
5	Amazing day club!! This is one of my favorites. Music is awesome. On Sundays they give out to the ladies free mimosas.  Not sure about what time it is but its free, that is a deal.The pool is pretty spacious. Its like 3 pools that are close togetherThis is a must in the summer!
5	SO. FUCKING. FUN.I miss EBC sooooooooooo damn much. Honestly, I don't remember the music at all. I remember hearing some things I can sing along to, then everything just became a blur. Here, I find the guys aren't so scary/creepy compared to.. well I can only compare to Wet Republic. It honestly depends where you go but when I was here with a bachelorette party, everyone seemed very nice. I mean yeah, some guys are here to get some, but at least they weren't overly creepy about it. My friend says that people at dayclubbing are not as scary because "everyone can see everything so they have to have confidence to walk up to you" LOL I guess.. ehh whatever, point is - this club is just super fun. I LOVED the stripper pole, however the floor is hard to spin around on because of course, they don't want you landing on your ass.I paid $17 for a strawberry daiquiri, and since I had nothing but chips in the morning, it was able to produce a slight buzz. Yay for my lightweightedness!! I'm not sure how much tables were, but I do know I was drinking out of people's vodka bottles, and those produced a slight burn. So that wasn't Ciroc. The orange juice I remember contained some pulp so that was cool.The food was pretty pricey. I didn't eat however for a $15? hotdog meal (hotdog/crisscut fries) they give you a good amount - definitely shareable.I don't remember much about the girls, but yeah this dayclub had super.wonderful.eyecandy the day I went. One of my dares during the bachelorette was to find a woman with fake boobs and ask to touch them. I have problems finding women with fake boobs, so I enlisted the help of a hot guy (which was super easy to find) to help me. I was a happy camper August 3rd. I completed my dare!It wasn't super crowded where people were like sardines, but it was a fun crowd. Definitelyyy must go back!!
5	You know where the most attractive people are in Vegas are? They are at the pool/day parties. Everyone knows this. Felt like I just walked onto the set of a music video. This is a higher end clientele. Great music, attractive people, three pools altogether. Very spacious you don't feel like you are walking over people everywhere. TOO MUCH FUN. Enjoy! On Sundays, women get free mimosas :)
5	WOW. This has to be the funnest and craziest day club I have ever been to! The music was awesome to dance to and the bartenders are really nice.  The pools are huge and the crowd is pretty cool, definitely a must to come here for drinks and have an awesome party!! :) I will for sure be returning the next time Im in Vegas.
1	I love this place but one of the securities took my visa saying that was fake. ummm before having someone checking ids fucking make sure they know all the kind of visas, greencards and ids that are in this world.
4	We went this past Friday. Our experience started out a little awkward, but ended up being a good time.Our promoter hooked us up with a cabana and told us that they were giving ladies complimentary mimosas from 11:30am - 1pm, if I remember correctly. When we arrived, he instructed us not to get in line, rather, to wait in a weird grassy area down a set of stairs. We ended up being corralled with large groups of other girls who were apparently told the same thing by their promoters. It was hot and there was barely any shade. We were all waiting for about 45 minutes before we were finally lead into the venue.Turns out, cabanas weren't given to individual groups, there were only 5 available and it was a free-for-all once we got in. Luckily, we hit it off with another large group of girls (who were also from northern Cali) and happily shared a cabana with them. Once we got our first round of mimosas (which were surprisingly strong), the initial aggravation gave way to a happy buzz.My best girlfriend and I were floating after our 2nd mimosa and decided to take a stroll around the pool. We observed gorgeous people everywhere having fun in the sun. Some really nice guys struck up a conversation with us and invited our entire cabana to share their table and pool-space. They kindly offered us drinks, but those darned mimosas really finished me, so I simply enjoyed chatting with them while cooling off in the pool.One of the staff members had mistaken me for a popular import model, lol, no harm done, really! We all left later that afternoon feeling mighty fine. The place was pretty poppin' for a Friday morning, but not uncomfortably packed. Some of our girls returned the next day, Saturday, and told us that it was super-crowded and the pool water was warm and full of all sorts of nastiness. If you want to avoid that, I would recommend coming on Fridays or Sundays.
4	This dayclub is a must-visit! It is well worth the trip to the end of the strip. We arrived around 1:30 for the guest list that closed at 2:30 and only waited less than 10 minutes. This club is filled with the glamorous and beautiful people of Vegas for the most part. The crowd seemed to be in the late 20's age range. I loved how big the pool was and how they had 2 stories of cabanas around the edge of the dayclub, as well as bottle service tables in the water around the edges of the pool. It never got too crowded. I saw two bars but there may have been more. There were sooo many speakers everywhere that you could dance and hear the music anywhere you went. Bonus: they have a no splashing rule! Sorry, but I liked that haha. I felt that EBC was upscale and I had an amazing time, even when it started raining and we had to continue raging under awnings!
4	I can say I've been to a few Vegas pool parties and this place on a Saturday is crowded!  Be smart and buy the tickets way ahead of time on line on: we want tickets. com and get there before 12 noon because the line for guest list and pay for the day is freakin a mile long expect a 2 hours line wait to get in.  Pre-pay and we waited in line (we got there at 12:20 on Saturday) we waited 45 mins in line not bad.  It was just me and my hubby BTW.
5	I love this Beach club and the ambiance. Great Music great experience. The most beautiful and sexy people in Vegas come here.I came in and immediately the music flooded my senses and a uncontrollable urge to party came over me ! I met alot of cool people and saw the Hotness only Vegas Pool Parties can provide !Shout out to my buddy Sean ! Its always nice to see you when i hit up Vegas.Jump in and party !If you need some deals in Vegas hit me up ! Party it up !
4	Will-iam dj'd when i was there, huge place, lots of vip booths everywhere, nice atmosphere, cups should be served with lids though since we are in a pool.
5	Best pool ever! I enjoy Vegas but I'm not a fan of clubs so I found the Encore Beach Club to be a surprisingly good compromise to clubbing with a twist. There were so many things about my visit that made me fall in love with this place and count the days until my next visit.Their service was spectacular! I sat at the gambling tables between the bar and the pool and had the nicest sweetest waitress, Shelly, wait on me hand and foot. I wasn't sure what to order and she gave me several delicious suggestions and made my time at the tables more enjoyable.Two of my favorite things about Vegas is gambling and enjoying the warm summer evenings since we don't get those in San Diego. But at the Encore I don't have to choose between the two since they have gambling tables at their Beach Club I was able to enjoy the warm weather under the stars, gamble and when I got too hot I went for a dip in the pool 10 feet away. The pool, the pool, the pool. Wow! Magnificent! Wonderful! There are plenty of nice cabanas surrounding the pool but since I was there in the evening there was no need for a cabana, thank goodness I don't get moonburn, ha ha. There are awesome comfy lounges, lily pads, in the pool all along the sides you can reserve and get bottle service. This area is my favorite because there are seats that are in the pool with a table slightly raised and it is simply fantastic.The pool is slightly heated, not like a hottub but just so its comfortable and not cold. This made it feel as warm as bathwater I never wanted to leave. In fact, it was just like a giant bathtub with all my favorite toys to play with. There were a ton of fun toys, floaties, tubes, etc. There's nothing like a grown up pool party when all the ladies are wearing floaties around their arms and tummy. There is also a stripper pole in the middle of the pool for ladies only and the stripper pole has a dresscode: bathsuits/bikini's required.And just in case you are worried about there being to many people, there are 3 different pools and countless cabanas so it was very spacious!!! The music was fantastic, the DJ played the best songs, I danced/swam all night long. We showed up around mid night and partied until 4am. I've never been in a pool so long I was wrinkly for days.  Overall it was one of my best experiences in Vegas. So many of my needs were being met at the same time and in one location. I don't know why anyone would leave this place.
5	This place is fun!!!!We came here on Saturday to see Steve Angello and have a good time with some friends, and it was a total blast.The line to enter moved really fast and was very organized, there were no issues getting in at all with our prepaid tickets.They have a "coat check" for your clothes and bags and stuff, for 10 dollars they hold on to your things and give you a wristband which grants you access to your bag all day.The drinks were good, but really expensive! I bought 7 shots of Fireball just because, and I don't think I'll be doing that again any time soon after the 112 dollar bill I got right after!It was a great time, the vibe was really good, the bathrooms were always clean and overall, we had a total blast.Definitely returning on our next Vegas trip
5	EXCELLENT!!! I've been to TONS of dayclubs in Vegas, and this was by far the BEST! #1!!!Came here to see Steve Angello on Saturday. Arrived around 11am and there was a short 10 minute wait to get in. Very organized! We had bottle service for a group of 6 people (4 guys, 2 girls) and did 4 pre-sale female tickets. The service was great! There was a bit of wait time when it got busy, but that's completely understandable. I swear, they must have changed our ice every 20-30 mins and our mixers were always topped off. I was thoroughly impressed.What I really enjoy about this venue is the ambiance. It's large, beautiful, and you can actually enjoy the pool. I never had to wait in line at the restrooms, bar lines were decent, prices were average for any place in Vegas, and they had a grill window that served lunch food, which was also pretty good for the price.Music was heard well throughout the venue. The dance area in front of the dj is small, but you really don't even need to be near there to get good sound. In fact, it was a bit TOO loud near the dj booth, so I'd suggest taking your drink to the pool instead.Lastly, the waitresses and waiters are GORGEOUS! I've never seen so many great looking people working in one dayclub before. Definitely a great spot to scope out eye candy!Our promoter Anthony Khotsikian was excellent. He came by our table to make sure everything was okay. Table service was definitely worth the money we put down. This is now my #1 spot for day clubbing. I can't stress enough how great this place is!
5	It was great to dance here with no guys bothering you....thanks to the amazing guards it was a fun time without annoying guys bothering you for a dance
3	EBC is anti-fun. No splashing?!?! Cmonnnnnnnn now!
5	Best pool party in all of Vegas!Sexy people. Great DJs. Beautiful space. This is my favorite pool in all of Vegas. I definitely recommend a lily pad. They are right on the water. You can store your stuff on the space while you can view the whole space and the DJs. Plenty of cabanas and tables.My Summer isn't complete without trips to EBC!
5	People have said it a hundred times, but they're right! EBC is the best day club in Vegas!I've only been twice, and perhaps it was great since my group had lilypads both times. Lilypads are the "beds" in the pools; they are freaking awesome! It's just so nice to have a place to rest, hide from the sun, and pour your own alcoholic concoctions.Let's see, some additional notes:- you can get food, and it's actually not that bad.. considering that you'll prob be hungover when you get to EBC anyway- there are 2 pools, and they will get super crowded, so if you can afford to get a lilypad, that'd be a great idea- get in line early!! even if you're on guestlist or have a table/ lilypad, you don't want to get there too late cuz then you'll wait FOREVER- do NOT play chicken fight (esp if you're the guy who's carrying the girl).. YOU WILL BE ASKED TO LEAVE (happened to my friend)
1	I was not here to partake in the revelry that happens at these daylife pool parties. I'd never seen the beach club and thought it may not be packed on a rainy day. Wrong! Complete chaos. I quickly checked out the bar and pool before making a hasty  exit. Obviously the demographic is skewed to the Under 30 crowd.The rest of us do not belong! The place would be worth a visit if not packed and you could actually use the pool.If you ignore my warning & decide to go, local ladies are free and there wasn't much of a wait at 3 pm.
4	One of the best beach parties in Vegas. Line is always long, especially since it was Avicii spinning. Great to go in big groups and make sure to get a table! I realized that's the best way. In clubs if you don't have a table its okay because there are still many places to sit, where the beach clubs, especially has nowhere to sit! you can only sit if you have a table or cabana. Tip get a table so you can sit and lay on the sofas.. Best if your hungover and want to take a nap after a few more drinks and get a tan. Encore is pretty spacious and the layout is nice. Takes awhile to order the drinks at bar. Ordered the strawberry margarita and it was so tasty and refreshing. Not too strong but it kicks in later :) Good crowd. Last time I went it was okay but this time around better looking crowds. If your single like me that's a great bonus! ;) It was pretty packed and the music was great!If you come to Vegas Encore is the beach club to check out! btw nice little shower in the middle to dance around. Especially when it gets hot! You can also order food. Not somewhere I would recommend to actually swim. The pool is shallow and there is so much people there isn't any room to swim. Most likely you'll be hungover so make sure to hydrate yourself, wear your sexy bikinis or men your sexy swim trunks and get your dance on!
5	Every time I've come here, with or without a table/lilypad/cabana, I've had a good time. The drinks are great, the music is great (it's EDM) and the people who work there are super nice and even more attractive to look at (hi Evan, Emmanuel, and Giuseppe!). Get yourself on the guestlist or bring enough girls to get in free (and maybe even flirt a lil to get hooked up with a table). They make u check in big bags so keep that in mind and don't bring your entire makeup collection with you. They have lockers (free I believe) for the smaller items you may wanna put away. Towels are provided. There are a few gambling tables too. Tables and lilypads will run u a few bills but expect to drop at least a grand on the cabanas. Personally I like the tables and lilypads more bc they're right in the center of the action. Love this place!
5	Encore Beach Club killed it! Man, I loved my day here. EBC was the perfect ending to my first Vegas trip.The decor was very classy without being cheesy. I felt like I was on a movie set of sorts. The pool was the perfect size- big enough to not feel crowded in by the other people. Also, there was a no splashing rule which honestly, I loved. I appreciate not getting pool water in my drink and in my eyes when the beat dropped. And speaking of dropping beats, Morgan Page was amazing. The stage is super close to the pool, and it's small enough so that I felt like it was a personal show of sorts. The lines were never long at the bar, and the bartenders were all friendly and quick. The staff were very professional, also. While we were there, there was a lightning storm and everyone had to get out of the pool and get under a covered spot. Part of the dance floor was covered, so my friends and I were able to dance directly in front of the stage- and the DJ! The dance floor was never crowded, either. There was plenty of dancing room. It was such a great day despite the sad weather! I would come here every time I'm in Vegas. Highly recommend it.
5	By far still best beach club out there. I been to all of them and still ENCORE BEACH CLUB is still the most fun. +Beautiful women +Good Djs +Good bottle spots (Lilly pads) +Spacious The decor is huge! Plenty of bars to get alcohol. The pool is big, but can get very crowded. I suggest you buy pre-sales (guys) and be there by like 12:30pm no later than 2pm. EBC definitely blew up within the few years. Only thing I don't like is that you can't splash. I like the splashing. Who doesn't want to get people wet? ha!
4	If you like clubs, and you are really into the DJ scene, then this is the place to be during the day in Vegas.  It gets crowded, so if you can afford it, reserve an area like a table or lilypad so that you have some place to crash.  Definitely not the place to be if you want to be sunning yourself on a chair with your favorite kindle book.
5	Love it!!!!! Had a blast! I was there for the weekend they had the fitness convention so the place was full of gorgeous men and  Beautiful women, gambling, drinks and Dj Vice was on whoo Hoo couldn't have been better!!
3	A sea of people, awesome live DJ's with splashing, twerking, dancing, and rave like atmosphere!  It's where the party is Vegas!  One negative is the price for drinks and minimums! Try $1500 for a table... Hello!!? We had good wait service but the prices are crazy. Major holidays are slammed, don't get me wrong it's a good time but the comps at Wynn are horrible now. We heard from people and cabbies on the strip that Wynn isn't comping much anymore and we sure figured that out. Wynn properties used to be so good about comps if you're a player but seems things have changed!  Cosmopolitan and Marque are a great alternative. I still had a great time and music was sick, just would have been better if Steve Wynn still ran his properties the same as he used to. Starting to feel like the other corporate yea who's on the strip.
2	The place was amazing too bad they have ratchet servers ripping you off. A place of that status should be doing background checks. Disappointed :/
4	RIP Pool Party Season 2013. Encore Beach Club is a GORGEOUS venue. Gorgeous people, beautiful fake palm trees, bright orange day beds, and awesome DJ's! The biggest downfall is the staff. They are rude, condescending, and do NOT understand the definition of "hospitality" Sadly, they know people will come regardless due to the popularity of the venue and find reasons to be jerks. NOTE to Encore Beach Club management: if the pool is slow on a Friday, please take the sticks out of your asses and allow reentry.
2	First off, it was my first time here.  And 2nd off, it was completely ruined by this jackass bouncer or ticket check or whatever they call themselves.  His bald, fatass with the uncool sunglasses thought he was better than me.  Probably jealous that i was way more fit and better looking than he was.  Didn't think we would have to much trouble with pre-sale tickets.  We weren't even on their stupid guestlists.The biggest douche-bag i have ever seen.  Tells me my ID was not me even though i had my entire wallet on me with various other things that had my name on it.  The idiot wouldn't even budge.  They threatened to call the police on me and i told them to go ahead.  I'm not afraid of you morons.  Bastards wasted my time and i had to go back to my hotel to get my drivers license.  So now i had to bring 2 forms of id.  But lucky the 2nd time i came back, the other bouncer was much nicer and he let me through.As for the club itself.  This place was alright.  They weren't kidding about it being extremely crowded.  All the seatings were taken when we got in.  So we just waded in the pool.  The good news is, there were a lot of beautiful people here.  And there were tons of areas with shades.Oh yea so when i left, i gave the guy who hassled me a big smirk.  Yea i still got in douchebag.  You can go suck a lemonService:  The bar to get drinks were not crowded at all.  It moved fast and had the drinks we wanted.
5	Did I just die and go to heaven? Wait no, I'm just at the sickest day club on the planet. (Well, to be honest, I've actually only been to day clubbing in Vegas, so I can't speak for the one's in Europe or South America, but this is easily the best day club on the strip).It's like the adult version of Disneyland. You have to wait in a long ass line and pay premium prices to get in, but it's all worth it once you finally get inside.The music is always banging as they have some of the biggest house DJ's lined up. Even trance and hip-hop heads can't deny that house music is exactly what you wanna hear when you're completely wasted and fucking shit up in the pool.Compared to all the other day clubs, Encore is extremely spacious and the crowd is noticeably more attractive. Yeah that sounds a bit shallow, but I guarantee you'll notice it and how much of a difference it makes to your day clubbing experience. If you ever hear people at your gym talking about how they're working out for day clubbing, I'm almost 100% sure they're getting ready for EBC.1) Drink prices are the norm for Vegas clubbing2) Get a locker if you don't want your phone getting wet3) Arrive early or else you won't get in4) Don't eat at a buffet prior to day clubbing (plz save it for after!)The only thing missing are some freaking huge ass beach balls for us to smack around in the pool, but I'll let that slide since the pool itself is so much bigger than all the other day clubs.
4	No question that when in Vegas, this is the hot spot at night. The Wynn is like the best place to stay and this hidden treasure of a nightclub was amazing. Night or day. Dance your ass off!!!
4	Oh my goodness, this was a damn good time.  The music was awesome, the pool was perfect.  I'm way not into the club scene at all, but I love me some daytime party-time.  You can check your stuff for about $10 so you don't have to worry about it getting stolen, but the line can get long (moves quick though).  Drinks are expensive, but there are plenty of large bars available, as well as small little kiosk-type deals...so even if Avicii is supposed to show up and the place is packed, you don't have to wait too long to get a drink.  (Sadly, Avicii never came out and they had a replacement DJ, that was lame)Piece of advice though: if you're a lady, dancing on the platform thing whilst very drunk, stop.  If you're sober...ish, go for it.  If you're a dude, don't even try, you will be hauled off there by bouncers/lifeguards.
4	2nd best pool party in Vegas!! (Wet Republic being first of course!)Encore Beach Club doesn't have that raging, dancing party atmosphere like Wet does, which I think it's due to the fact that all their pools are pools and not places where you can stand and get your feet wet. They're mostly directed to people who buy day beds since all their little pools are surrounded by them. EBC doesn't offer too much sunlight since a lot of areas are covered but if you're one who is trying to work on your tan, you'll make do. Hot gorgeous men and women half naked? Yes, that'll do!
5	Lets keep this short & simple.if you had to pick one day club to go to, COME HERE! Fork over the money and get a damn booth! Its so worth it. Especially if you are right next to the DJ!  Although i loved Wet republic and being up close to Steve Aoki and getting caked by him, you will never have as much fun anywhere else as you will here at EBC! I promise!!!  Saying this place is so live is an understatement!!! And on top of that there is more than 1 pool and they have stripper poles in the middle of it. Love it!!!! It also doesn't hurt that the waitresses that work here are hot! Eye candy for girls and guys! Hah! I can't fking wait to go back!!!!!!!
5	Yep, I'm getting the itch - is it Vegas pool party season yet!?I've been to my fair share of day parties along the strip, and EBC is the winner.  Great layout with ample pools make it feel a lot less crowded than it's rivals.  Plus, no matter how trashy the crowd is, I always feel a little classier here than at others - maybe it's the decor or because it's in Encore, but it's just plain better.  Plus, afternoon blackjack switch in the beautiful butterfly Encore casino? I'm feeling even luckier!If you have to pick one club to hit up during the day, make it this one.   It's always an amazing time.
4	Don't go here expecting to do laps. They can use a little more shade here, but once the music starts blasting and the clothes start coming off you don't realise you're sunburnt until it's too late. Reapply liberally. Skin cancer is 0/5 stars.
5	Just got back from an AMAZING weekend in Vegas with my girls! This place had the best energy, music and staff. I made my reservation for bottle service through Derrick and he was so accommodating and professional. When we got to party, he greeted us and showed us to are area, which was beautiful and right next to the DJ.  If you want the real Vegas experience definitely go to Encore Beach Club and get bottle service through Derrick, (702) 754-8681/Derrick.Courtney@wynnlasvegas.com. He will make you feel like a high roller for sure! Can't wait to go back this summer!!!
5	Came here on 4/5/14 for David Guetta.  Guetta is the man!!!  EBC was at capacity and it was popping off.  Got a lilypad.    EBC hands down the best pool party in Vegas: the waitresses were all perfect 10s; service was amazing; women patrons were beautiful; first class atmosphere.
4	I finally got to experience EBC!  After many many rave reviews from friends, I finally got to see what all the hype is about. Needless to say, with 4 stars, I wasn't too disappointed. 1.  THIS PLACE GETS CROWDED.  And when I mean crowded, I mean they fill this place up to max capacity. GIRLS, if y'all are on guestlist, do yourself a favor and GET THERE EARLY and WAY before noon.  Summer is just a prime time for Vegas as everyone loves dayclubs, so getting there around 11:30 and thinking you'll get in for free on guestlist requires a flat out miracle.  The guestlist line int he back for girls is LONG and takes forever as they hold the line to make sure all the guys/pre-sales/tables get in first.  Don't think you'll still get in for free.  By the time my girls and I got to the front, it was past 12, and they wouldn't let us in until we paid the $20 cover.2.  EBC is strict.  Self-explanatory.  XS is strict also, so don't expect any special treatment or anything sneaky. 3.  Drinks are ridiculous.  Now I can't speak for other dayclubs, but our guys spend about $100 for a round of 4 drinks. So that's just a ballpark. 4. Along those lines, EBC is pricey.  Get over it. It's vegas and it's one of the most popular dayclubs.  5. This place is HUGE.  So yes, it gets crowded, but it's covers a LARGE area so there's room to dance, run around, and drink away. Overall, I loved this place.  BUT I wasn't sold on the guestlist management.  Totally understand that they have to get all the pre-sale people in, but they took forever ON PURPOSE so they could charge as many people as they could.
5	Voted #1 Day Club in Las Vegas. Beautiful people all around, especially the staff! Award winning concoctions, top-notch DJs, 60,000+ square feet. Guestlist for the ladies = feel free to message me.
1	we just stayed at the encore and were at there pool. We found there service to be insincere. They generally will have good face to face interaction but rarely follow through with anything. Drinks and food are outrageously expensive and the "European pool" is always in and out of the shade. Also, We got a cabana which never saw the sun. Finally, we left some sun glasses in the women's bathroom. The staff said they had found them  but instead of turning them into the lost and found left them on their cleaning cart and another staff member must of took them because we never got them back. After 6 phone calls thier claims staff said too bad.We will not be staying at the Encore ever...
4	Wow. What a view (if you know what I mean).Had a great time here. If you do go, try to reserve a spot ahead of time. Otherwise you spend some time walking around to find a spot to sit down.
5	I love pool season! I mean who doesn't like half naked people? Always a fun time.At the snack bar they have bomb ass waffle fries! Better than chick fil a! And their portions are huge.
1	i hate this place because of the owner (Pauly Freeman) & the security guards. we had rented a large cabana suite with 15 of us, david guetta was playing and right when the best part of the music started random security guards started showing up to our second floor section telling us that someone threw a bottle we said that's impossible, when we asked to see a video they changed it to "someone threw a plastic cup". they brought over a paper saying sign this that your responsible for the $10,000 ticket. we refused. they showed us no proof that anyone from our party threw anything and they want to charge us 10,000 fee and kick us out. all we wanted to pay for was the $7,000 dollar bill not a 10,000 ticket. (plus its against the law for them to have anyone sign anything under the influence) when we refused to sign the paper they called 20 more security guards and even the owner came up. keep in mind were all calm and confused. when the security guards came they just started pushing yelling shoving it was humiliating. i have the whole thing on video and the more i watch it the more i regret not pressing any charges. the security guards were 19 male and 1 female and the male guards were pushing us women around but at the same time they want us to pay the fee and they wont let us leave. at one point they threw my brother down and pulled off his diamond cross from his neck i had to run and grab it because they were trying to steal it. this was a nightmare i couldn't believe what was happening. i cant say all the guards but most were assholes. our phones were stolen our lv sunglasses were taken we had a missing watch. they gave us no time to take any of our belongings. they arrested 5 of the guys (which they released earlier because metro showed up and couldn't understand why they arrested them in the first place)... long story short we paid the fee which i regret till this day. turns out they do this often its like a setup they corner you. they arrest you make you pay a ticket along with the nice fat bill and they still kick you out and they rent out the place again within ten minutes for another $6,000..... i will never return here. i will never wear or take any expensive jewelry/accessories to any kind of club.P.S IF ONLY YELP WOULD ALLOW US TO UPLOAD VIDEOS.... :(
1	Had the best time of my life till the checkout. The staff stole from our lockers, if Porscha is collecting your belongings  then say goodbye to your stuff. Shirt, keys, wallets were taken.  Told us to go lost and found which is just diverting the situation. Nothing got done. 3 months later and no resolution. Go  somewhere and avoid this disaster.
5	Ok so this time, I went to Encore and experienced without being completely obliterated. This was a much better experience.We got in around 1:15 pm. I came in free with my boyfriend only being $55. We were told $75 by our promoter, so that was a nice surprise.The place is big, but there were still huge crowds of people. We stole a seat on one of the planters and people watched.We ordered drinks but they were majorly expensive. $25 for a redbull vodka, $10 for a bud light. But that's where ALL our money went this trip, to those drinks. Because we both, especially my boyfriend, proceeded to get sh**faced. Then Deadmau5 came out - who we traveled all the way out to Vegas to see. He was awesome, and there was a crowd of people to watch him, but it didn't get out of control like it sometimes can at clubs. It was awesome but semi-mellow at the same time.We made friends and got invited back to a cabana. That was cool, I loved how it was setup. There was a balcony to overlook the people walking outside the hotel. We had a great time and scored some free drinks from them too.Overall I had a great experience at EBC this time. The pool water was even warm which was awesome for that semi-chilly day.
1	So everything was fine until it came time for the bill. I asked for it at 5pm. Everything got finalized at 6:10pm. We split the bill between two rooms, how difficult could it be? When I complained, the manager- Travis, offered me two bottles of $10 champagne. Wonderful huh? I will never ever waste time here again.
5	THE HYPE IS REAALLLL fucking love EBC. the line is long as fuck, the cover charge is crazy, but its all worth it. One of the best day pool parties in Vegas. It's a must go when you go during poolparty season in Vegas. Encore Beach is located in Encore LOL obviously, but also used as Surrender at night. There are multiple pools in the area and a mini casino by the bar and the infamous DJs that play there are usually in front of the pool that is in front of the bar section. Pros: -Pool is usually refreshingly cool and not freezing -bottle service/day beds/ cabanas are plentiful and seated in great places -bartenders are gorgeous! -lifeguards are pretty amazing too haha -chill people to meet -music is pumping and amazing everywhere -drinks are strong .....and-THEY SERVE HENNESSY OMG EXTRA STAR FOR THAT I swear no where else in Vegas has it, I almost cried from happinessCons -the wait in line to get in can be almost two hours long -cover charge is ridic, but get on guestlist and get there early , big apologies to the male race lol-Uhhh literally everywhere is wet, no dry place to put your stuff unless you wanna pay for a locker . Meaning squishy towels ... Forget drying off, your towels will be wetter than you by the time you're done! - packed as fuuuuck to the point where I feel like I'm about to fall off walking the pathway to the bar , but whatever more people to meet, right?? Overall... Yeah I'm DEFINITELY coming here again.. But way earlier hahahah. I think EBC gets packed rain or shine
5	My most recent time at EBC over this past weekend was so much fun that it was the highlight of the trip! We walked in around 12:30 and our promoter got us some good comps: immediate entry, daybed and a few pitchers (I have no idea what was in there but it was fruity and delicious). The club itself was doing a open mimosa bar and hello kitty bikini giveaway so that was a nice bonus. My girls and I had a blast dancing to great music, drinking, and playing blackjack at their mini casino!
5	Let's be anhest, day clubs are just ass and tits for both males and females. Probably my favorite Day Club, I just love the Wynn and Encore in general and I still haven't tried their buffet yet. Comparing this to Wet Republic is like Night and Day. Encore is a much more classier feel. The asian theme of Red and Gold makes it a lot more upscale. The crowd as well. The pretty life guards dances to the music as well when compared to other Day clubs. The crowd is a lot more mix than other clubs with more asians than other clubs (other than maybe TAO with the older asian crowd)  I hate the fact that they make you buy a bottle of water for 10 dollars rather than just have water cups though. At least there's a fountain so you can refillGorgeous BartendersThey serve Henny + 1 Did not run out of towels +1 One line and it was quick with presales. Typical Vegas Drink Prices.Good Ratio compared to the sausage fest at other clubsNot a Sardine can + 1No Splashing in the pool, (Thank god that shit gets old and annoying quick)
5	So far my favorite day club. And boy does it get packed here. I ended up paying $100 to get in, when David Guetta was performing. Even though I knew promoters, who promised to walk me in, they were still unable to help. I like how this club is a lot bigger than Marquee, and their pool area is huge. Drinks were around $20 each. They have a bag check-in area at the front to check in your bags. Restrooms were convenient to go to, no long waits even with so many people. The lines just keep moving. I would come back anytime.
5	If you are looking to party with a bunch of great looking friendly people then this is your place. Cover charge is crazy lines are long but definitely all worth it! Probably the best Day Club in Las Vegas.
4	Day Pool Party was insane!!We arrived at about one, reserved the bungalow in the back and start partying like no other.  We probably had about 25-30 heads.  We ordered food, champagne, vodka, cognac, and all types of fun under the sun.We had our own heated pool, the daybed, and clean towels.  Just make sure you stay hydrated.  We're a little far from the djs so we hear it thru two small speakers, which at times wasn't loud enough :))  esp when our group became bigger and rowdier.They end a 6pm.  Trust me, by that time you really need a restful nap to start up again in the evening. And/or maybe not, a long day of partying knocks you out til the crack of dawn the next morning.Great place to party in the daytime.
4	Ever wonder what ancient Rome was like for those lucky enough to be born in to the right class? Encore Beach Club. Our BP Captain was smart enough to book us drunks under the big awning near the gaming making for easy shade all day. Our server Jenny was quick, sober, and courteous all day.. We got in line about 10:45 and had to pay our way out even though we were booked on the list. Perhaps if we were even twenty minutes earlier this wouldn't have been a problem. Avicci, no show. Was anyone surprised.. I don't think so. Do we expect a refund?! Does Paris Hilton spin records?
4	Let's be honest, I'm in my 40's and my days at pool parties are few and far between....That being said, I really enjoyed my afternoon at Encore Beach Club.  Despite the looks of the line, the wait to get in was minimal.  Ladies were free and the bag check was $10.  The bathroom was clean and I had no issues with anything or anybody.  The male hosts were very nice and while my interaction with the cocktail waitresses was minimal, the one that helped us was very sweet.  I loved that the whole vibe there was upscale.  I would definitely go back, however, I would never pay the kind of money that they command for a cabana.  NEVER.  Good for them for getting it, but not my thing.
2	HONEST REVIEW. Not out of anger or anything. Went to see Avicii thought we were there early 11:30 (no...get there sooner) but thats fine. Place was nice..yes Crowded..yes. Good party...yes. BUT They do not care about you or anything but the dolla bills. Please be wary. Avicii didn't even come out but the worst part was the whole staff lead you to believe he was to keep people there. They HAD to have known..there's no way. Very shaddy EBC...very shaddy. They could have refunded cover or handed out future passes...something to show they cared. To be honest...our group of 4 had more fun at our hotel pool party the next day...and we like to pAArty!
4	Wow!! The most people I ever seen standing in line to get in this place , that is not big enough pool to fit all those people, is it the coolest place .. Yes !!  Would I come back , YEs !!  Remember to come early 10:30am .. They do body  and bag check when u walk in, so Don't bring drugs!! saw some girl get kicked out for hiding drug in her lipstick container, poor GIRL!!
4	Been here a few times.Likes:-Fairly big day club. Multiple pools to party in!-Plenty of space. Can be inside the pool, dancing around the pool, or sitting on the ledge of the pool. -One of the more popular day clubs. I always seem to run into someone I know. -Baggage check. Can check your stuff into a locker. It's about $10 per locker. Dislikes:-Drinks are so expensive. -The promoter line is quite long, so you should just buy tickets or go early. Recommend:Yes.
4	Pretty good pool party. Some words to the wise:-you can bring sunscreen in-don't be an idiot and try to sneak drugs in - you will get caught-lockers are $10 bucks! (WOAH, wet republic charges you your bank account)-sunscreen will cost you 38 bucks if you didn't bring your own-NO GUYS ON THE STRIPPER POLES - lol this one was entertaining. Security WILL take you out pretty quickly.-Sizes for drinks are cups or pitchers. Pitchers are 107. As always they charge by the volume, not by the drink. Smile at the bartender they understand what's up. Got a $107 (tip not included) pitcher of Long Island Ice Tea for the group - she asked if we wanted extra alcohol (duh).-Make the most of it, don't get out of hand, or they'll throw you out.-I actually liked wet republic more, but encore is pretty solid. I'll need to try marquee out on our next trip.
5	This is by far the best day club in Vegas! Always crowded but they never let in too many people to the point where you get agitated and want to leave. Tons of fun, huge pool, amazing private table at cabanas and Lilly pads in the pool. Several bars with great service, only about 10bucks to check in ur items or purse/bags right by the front entrance with actual people who take care of it and give u a wrist band so u cannot lose it! I love it here, feels like ur partying with friends no matter who you are with! Avicii plays here often which is great for me because he is my favorite DJ! Always a good time here, arrive early around 11am though because they sell out often and the line gets long after 11:45am. Love this place!!! Staff is professional and fantastic as well!
5	Best pool party in Vegas hands down. Back in the day Rehab was the spot now this is the go to. Great crowd, great Dj's.
5	Best pool club in Vegas! Friendly and courteous staff and promoters, beautiful, spacious area, and the pool is large enough to fit everyone. Always a good time here. Just wish the drinks were cheaper!
4	For sure the best pool club in Vegas. They had so many inflatable floaties and I came during EDC week with Major Lazer performing, the crowd was wild and fun. I definitely recommend everyone to just visit the bag check place once. They don't allow you to put more things in after a certain time. The manager was very rude to me despite my kind tone. I didn't try to go to the bar but it was spacious so I assume it would have been easy to get drinks.
5	Encore by day. Surrender by night.This double used club is amazing in size. I went on a Friday morning/afternoon and came out exhausted which means I had fun, obviously. The wait to get in isn't very long, then again we arrived 13 minutes after it opened. I believe it's free for locals on Friday so if you're local, you're 21+, and you're free on Fridays.. Com'on down! They offer open bar for ladies from 1-2 with mimosas and rum being the selected drink. There was a Captain Morgan cabana that had ladies offering free white rum drinks ~ delicious, delicious is all that comes to mind.The thing that I really like about Encore/Surrender is the multiple seating they offer around the plants, lol. We all know that to get seating anywhere in clubs it usually means playing or going through a club promoter BUT! Encore/Surrender has a benches that wrap around the trees/plants that you can sit on =)I don't usually do day clubs, but have come to the conclusion that I will go to this one if needed.
3	Big pimpin' - until the $5,000 bill arrives!-------------------You have to hand it to the Wynn empire.  He has figured out a way to print money, aside from the casino, the buffet, the hotel rooms.Why would anybody want to pay extra to sit by a pool, drink $12 Dos Equis, and pay $2000 and up for a day bed?Because there is a lot of talent, that's why.  A LOT of talent, if you catch my drift.Our hostess was perfectly bronzed and toned, and she would frequently check on us and make mixed drinks for us.  Of course, this was for our buddy's bachelor party, so if he wants to go to a dayclub, eat and drink on a day bed, and check out the talent, then so be it.  It was basically like spring break, with talent dancing in the "dancer's" pole / rain shower islands, and Redfoo from LMFAO rockin the crowds. I will say, we all had a pretty good time (some of our party had too good of a time and had to be snuck out before they were escorted out by the bouncers).  That is, until we had to settle the bill.  So the way it works is, once you get the daybed, they're gonna charge you the $2000 anyway, and you order any combination of food and drinks.  The problem is, they don't tell you when you hit your $2000, and unless the cardholder cuts off your group and requires prior authorization, the bill can keep running if anybody in your group keeps asking for additional food / liquor items.  Hence the $5000 tab.  All in all, it was fun, but don't forget what I told you (the cardholder has got to demand prior authorization for additional items once the $2000 limit is reached), otherwise no happy ending for you.Now go out and party hard!
3	OK - so I read that this was the BEST party in Vegas ... I dont really agree with that. Yes - beautiful, and big, but if you dont get that like an hour early there is no where to sit, put your stuff, and just relax. A couch was $650 - not happening. If you are in the pool, you constantly have to watch your stuff. Towels at the side of the pool do not stay one bit dry - thank god Vegas is like 100 degrees so you can just get out and air dry.Sound system was good. Kinda snobby crowd, but mixed. Drunk and sloppy girls all over the place - so guys get your move on. I think I saw about 5 girls try and be cute by dancing on the pole in the middle of the pool and broke their a$$. One guy even took this poor girls money because for some reason a lot of people here think their money is safe just tucked away in their bikinis.I would go back - but maybe with a bigger group than 4 to get one of the areas to sit.
4	OMG I love this place. It is one of the best places to party during the day. I was just there for Independence Day. Macklemore performed and Ne-Yo made a guest appearance. It was crazy packed. There are so many wonderful things about this place I don't even know where to begin, but I guess I will start with the eye candy. Man or woman, you have plenty to look at. Next thing I will move on to are the blackjack tables. I love that I can gamble at the pool. There was a $15 minimum table and the rest were $25 minimum. I played for about 2 hours and took advantage of the free drinks coming my way just by playing at the table. I must have ordered at least six beers, which normally run $12 at the bar, so I saved myself over $70 that way. If you don't have a hook-up, I suggest buying a ticket in advance because it will sell out and they will stop letting people in after a certain time. The only negative about this place, is that it can be hard to move around because it's so packed, but that's typical of any club, so I am not complaining at all.
4	I'm a fan of the pool parties. The  place is huge and the pool is amazing. I really enjoyed the night pool party with all of the fun inflatable toys. Definitely felt like a kid again! The day pool party was really fun, too, and the atmosphere was completely different from night to day. All of the party goers were very friendly (bad crowds always ruin potentially great venues). It was also awesome that they were showing the World Cup game on the big screen before Macklemore came out. Another great thing is that you are given free towels! Every person got 2 free towels for the night party and 1 free towel for the day party. It's nice to know they don't charge for that. Also, great security. It does slow down the line when girls needs to get everything thoroughly checked, but at least I know I'm safe.Three things I have to complain about. -They don't give free water. It's $8 for a tiny bottle of Fiji water (why the fancy water anyways?). I hate when clubs make you pay for water especially when it's 115 degrees out. Marquee gives free iced tap water which I'll totally take over fancy bottled water. -The staff working Encore were bitchy. One woman who worked the lines gave attitude when I asked a very reasonable question. The people at bag check were rude, too. Customer service is everything, and it leaves a bad taste in my mouth when I meet people like this, but I try to not let that affect my experience with the pool itself.-I was at the night pool party the night before the day pool party. When you check in bags, they give you a trash bag to put your stuff in. The goal is to make sure the trash bag can be closed up or else they will make you pay double for an extra bag. Here's the catch: The night pool party gave me a giant bag, and the day pool party gave me a noticeably smaller bag. The 6 of us were able to fit all of our things in one bag at the night pool party with tons of room to spare, but had to get 2 separate bags for the day pool party. Also, they make you close it up in front of them, and if you cut it close, they stand there and contemplate for a good 10 seconds whether or not they want to charge you $20 instead of $10. Overall, I had fun both times, so I'm just going to the let the little things I complained about pass. I've heard from many  people this is their favorite pool, so I'm glad I got to check it out at different times of the day!
5	my go-to place in vegas to party.  i go just for this now and dont even bother with nightclubbing anymore most of the time.  I occasionally check out other venues and have fun but I have made the most memories over here.  It gets quite expensive and its hard not to go over the minimum when your drunk or not drunk but im not rating it on price.  Im rating this place on venue and overall fun and memories.thank you ebc,Cheers!!!
5	Just a quick update...Was just back at the Encore Beach Club last month.  Had a blast as always, but I discovered a secret hidden shaded cove!!!  OK, it's not really secret...or hidden...or a cove, but it is a spot I had never noticed before.  If you are a whitey like me and 5 minutes in the sun will turn you red, there is an awesome spot on the opposite end of the pool entrance by the back bar.   It has air, is completely covered, and contains a bar.  PERFECTION!!!Also, had the pleasure of meeting the most awesome of hosts/promoters in all of Vegas.  Richie P. is hilarious and fun and definitely made our day awesome!!!  Can't wait to come back to the Encore Beach Club and chill in the shade!!!
5	Turn Down For Whatttttt?!?! NOTHINGGGGGG especially when DJ Snake is in the building!  In town for a friend's bachelorette party 11 girls and I had breakfast with a side of Jell-o shots then rolled down to Encore. We weren't sure what the line would look like (even though we were on the guest list) so we got to Encore at 10am. There was already a line but there are water coolers, large umbrellas and fans at several stops along the line so it wasn't too bad of a wait. At one point there was a cooler full of mini water bottles so we grabbed a few thinking we could bring them in...Wrong!  All beverages must be consumed before entering, even the water bottles they just provided. We got a day bed along the pool with bottle service and are soooooooo glad we did. I kid you not there had to be 1000 or more people at the height of the festivities. If we didn't have the bed to leave our stuff and escape from the heat at times we probably would not have made it.  Our waitress was very attentive. DJ Snake performed an AMAZING set. We danced for his entire set and loved every minute of it. We were forewarned not to bring too many valuables as people sometime take things. We experienced this firsthand. We each had matching old navy flip flops with our initials in rhinestones as a part of our bachelorette swag bag. We all wore our flip flops to Encore then when it was time to go we noticed 2 pairs were missing. A couple of us walked around the party to search for them and sure enough we found them (one pair halfway across the party and another pair in some random girl's hand). Why anyone would want to steal Old Navy flip flops is beyond me. Regardless of that we had a fantastic experience and would definitely come back!!!
4	Came here last night for a Vegas turn around. They have a pool party at night which was pretty fun. Drinks of course are way over priced, but it's a Vegas club so it's expected. Music was great, people were nice, I would come here again.
5	Okay, I love this place!!! Maybe cus I had so much fun there hahaha but it was very fun. Our bottle service girl was nice and helped us with everything we needed.Not to mention, all the girls who work here are very fit and pretty! I like how we had bottle service, and we were still in the crowd, but we had our own space unlike Daylight -_____-;;Anyways, I suggest to come here!!!
5	Came here to see Zedd on Sunday it was AMAZING! The process to get in was a breeze when we arrived a little before 1230PM. We went through the guest list/general admission line. I bought my boyfriend's ticket online ahead of time ($35 + fees), so we moved along really quickly without a hiccup.Their security check is quite thorough. They unzip every possible zipper in your bag to make you're not hiding anything. (They even unzipped and searched my wallet!) We had our empty Fat Tuesday bottles thrown out sadly. :(We got a towel upon entrance then my friends and I put our stuff in the lockers that are offered for $10 each. The workers were good at judging what would fit in the lockers (since they put our stuff away for us) and we ended up fitting in about 2 medium sized bags each. (There's an option to try to fit whatever you can in a small black bag too.)The place got crowded throughout the day, but I still felt pretty comfortable being there. Once Zedd came on, a group gathered right in front of the stage. I don't think I'll ever be able to get such a good up-close experience again!Once it got too hot, my friends and I just hopped back into the pool and continued dancing around.Encore Beach Club definitely made my Vegas trip worthwhile!
5	Arrived on a Sunday around 12:15pm and it took less than 5 minutes to get in through the "Invited Guests" line. I definitely recommend contacting a promoter and getting yourself on a guest list. My promoter told me that ladies get in free that day until 1pm. We went in a 4:1, ladies/guys ratio. We bought the guy's ticket ahead of time since he wouldn't be able to get discounted admission anyway. Luckily, they let him through the "Invited Guests" line too, so he did not need to enter through general admission.They are pretty thorough, and strict, with bag checks. They threw away our empty Fat Tuesday Yards even though they were empty! Towels are provided. Lockers are $10 each. Amongst 5 people, we managed to rent 2. They also have black bags where you could try fitting as much as you can in each. They then give you a wristband for you to redeem your items later. Lockers are not one-time so you can go back for your stuff, though the line always seems to be long, so I wouldn't advise doing so. Definitely try to bring as little as possible!The restroom/shower area was gorgeous! They even provide hairspray and body spray in the women's restroom. The shower area is outside so you can only rinse, not take a full shower, unless you don't mind being nude for everyone to see!It was pretty crowded, but there was still enough room to move around in the pool(s). Zedd didn't start playing until around 3pm/3:30pm. Once he came on, everyone rushed to the front of the stage. This'll probably be the closest we'll ever get to Zedd. I want to come back to Vegas JUST for EBC! People here are extremely friendly and the whole ambiance was just fantastic!
5	What's a better way to end your vacation in Vegas than see Zedd at a pool party!? We arrived around 12:15pm and there were quite a lot of people already but it wasn't too bad. My friends and I were on the guest list so getting through was pretty quick. The security check was very thorough. They unzipped all the pockets in my bag. Security even checked my wallet and my glasses case! We had our empty Fat Tuesday bottles thrown out, so sad :( My friends and I had a couple of bags with us and no way were we going to leave our stuff out and risk having our valuables getting stolen. Luckily they had lockers and were $10 each. We had the option of putting as much stuff together into one bag, to save money. Of course it had to fit into the lockers. We had about 4-5 bags and we ended up getting 2 lockers..not bad. They also provide towels upon entrance.I was amazed by the women's restroom because it's the first restroom that I've seen that provided body spray, lotion, hairspray. Anything you need is there!Later on in the day it started to get more crowded but there was still enough room for you to roam around so that was good. Before Zedd came on, the world cup final was playing on the big screen and everyone was just watching the game together. But once Zedd came on, everyone got out of the pool and ran towards the stage. It got crowded pretty quick, but it was a cool feeling to be that close to Zedd. This was my first day club and it was a very good and fun experience. I would definitely come back in the future!
4	Very fun, great music selection, it's just too bad that the pool water comes up so high that you can't sit next to the pool without getting all your stuff wet.
3	Paid $25 for entry for a group of 10 girls on a Saturday. Waited an hour in line if not more aaaand we were on a guest list. Wtheck?! Zedd was there which didn't really make a difference to me. I'm not into that genre of music and if youre lookin for that hip hop vibe this was not the place--at least not that day. Hellaaaaa crowded too and stupid people kept splashing. Grow the eff up already and quit the damn splashing!! Ordered 2 midori sours and paid $40 (including tip).
5	I had so much fun! Came on a Sunday afternoon with girlfriends for a bachelorette party. The crowd was cool music was good and I FINALLY got to meet Sudana! Hands down the sweetest ever. I'd suggest getting on the guest list makes things faster & easier. It gets pretty crowded so getting a cabana is recommended. They had free mimosas for girls for a few hrs. Bartenders were nice & quick. Pool was a bit dirty but what do U expect with 109 degree weather tons of people & alcohol involved haha. I'd definitely come here again and recommend you all do too!
4	I came here for nightswim with my friends.  We were easily able to get on the guestlist so my entire group got in for free. Open bar on Thursdays for girls. ( cran vodka, vodka pineapple, etc) They didn't have a famous DJ the night I went, so it wasn't super crowded, which was nice because when they do have famous DJs it gets so packed you can barely walk around.  There was still a good amount of people here for a Thursday night.  Sprinkles Ice Cream was here giving out free strawberry shortcake ice cream and strawberry gelato! So delish, especially since it was 110 degrees at 1 am. wtf. The DJ played alot of top 40s rap/ hip hop which I enjoyed because sometimes you get sick of EDM. You can dress alot more casually here which is really nice, because I don't feel like dressing up all the time.  Alot of people just show up in crop tops and shorts. Find a safe place to hide your stuff, my friend lost his phone, and my other gf got here sandals stolen. Have fun !
3	TURN THE MUSIC VOLUME UP!I went for Grandtheft a few weeks ago and could barely hear the music across the pool! The energy was SO low but people couldn't hear the music! C'mon Encore. Turn it up to XS' or Surrender's level. Me and my friends want to go to Flosstradamus tomorrow but probably are not because the sound will probably be too low for us to fully enjoy ourselves.
5	My favorite place to go to club. The atmosphere is awesome. It is tried to be replicated at other places on the strip but nothing is like this place. I would go back over and over.  Go to encore beach club EARLY so you can get in. otherwise you will end up paying lots of money to get into the club.
1	I've been to Encore Beach Club many times since its inception and have always had a great time; however, my last experience this past Saturday, August 2nd, was not a great start to celebrating my youngest sister's 21st birthday and my "last hurrah" before starting law school.  We had purchased our tickets online specifically to see Zedd who had canceled, which was not even as upsetting to us as was our experience with a security guard named Jason at the door.  We drove out from California at the crack of dawn straight to Encore Beach Club and upon arrival, unbeknownst to us, my sister's ID was expired and we were told by Jason that the only way in is with renewal verification from the DMV.  Understandably, we pulled away to the side and handled the matter through the California DMV's online services and printed the necessary DMV verification at the Encore hotel business center.  We then went directly back to Jason, while another security guard, Michael, stood next to him as we provided Jason the necessary documentation to allow my sister in.  Jason, without hesitation, rejected us while Michael believed it was sufficient verification and took the documentation with him to a manager to further verify.  As we waited, we told Jason Michael was very nice and for his efforts we planned on tipping him and then jokingly told Jason he wanted us to "bend over backwards" for him, meanwhile, Michael had obtained approval to allow us in.  Because of Jason's lack of sense of humor and probably upset that we were tipping Michael, he told us we weren't allowed in and impulsively, through his radio, notified the rest of the crew not to allow us in.  I'm very upset that for no other reason, other than Jason being a complete ASSHOLE (for lack of a better term) we weren't allowed into the venue.  I understand that there are policies and procedures to follow, but when they involve managers being on board with a security guard being an asshole to the business' patrons, that is perhaps something upper management should look into.  Worst experience ever in Vegas!  We ended up going to Drais beach club where they didn't even ask twice about the DMV verification and we had a blast, which only goes to prove that Jason was just a jerk.
4	Was there for Zedd performance. If you are from abroad keep in mind that they accept only passports as id.
5	#Vegas #EncoreBeachEncore Waitress: "Are you ladies okay?" Us: "Uuhhhhh yeah. We just need a minute to take this all in."(Proceeded to pick our jaws up off the ground)The truth was it took about 15 minutes for us to take it all in because this place is ridiculous. My girlfriend and I decided to head to Encore Beach Club on our first day in Las Vegas as she got us on the guest list. We expected some people hanging out by the pool and what we got was a movie called: BIKINI DEBAUCHERY 2. There must have been at least 1,000 people at the pool on this day and it was packed with half-naked 20-30 somethings. If you can't swim, don't worry, there are lots of flotation devices (aka fake boobs) everywhere. We decided in order to acclimate ourselves to this party we really needed a drink or two. Be prepared to pay through the nose for drinks and food. My friend's Bud Light was $12 and my bloody mary was $19. Holy tomato juice Batman! We were starving and decided to split an $18 burger from the Grill but surprisingly it was one of the best burgers I've had in my entire life! Worth it for sure! If you have the chance, order one of those waterproof cell phone/credit card holders off of Amazon. That way you can put your phone and money in it and swim with it around your neck. Why would you want to do this? Uh, because it's $15 for the bag check. Other than the price tag for everything (let's not forget the $20 cover for guys), this was one of the best pool parties I've ever been to in my life! The DJ was amazing and there's just something super fun about partying in waist deep water in the hot sun. Although it probably would have been more fun if I was a 21-year old single girl, the people watching is extremely entertaining. I was here for my bachelorette and it only gave me more proof that I making the absolute right choice in getting married. But if you're ready to party like a  single wild thing then this is definitely the spot for you!!!
4	Such a great time. I love how they would mix in techno with hip hop and everyone looked like they were having a great time. I loved the look of it and the set up, there were like round "beds"/vip areas around the pool. I would say you should definitely get one of those when you go here to have your own spot because it does get crowded and you enjoy yourself more in one of those.
5	My fave pool party in the Vegas. It has everything I look for in a Vegas day session; great Dj's, comfortable seating, plenty of pool space, solid eats, beautiful ladies, outdoor gambling and easy in/out. Serious, it covers all of the bases and I'm always sad when it closes for the season. Check their schedule for EBC @ Night parties throughout the week, which are just as fun as the day jams. There are a nice amount of 'tables' for purchase in all price ranges, so don't be afraid to give them a call to grab a day bed, cabana or other seating options. As with any Vegas pool party:* The drinks and bottles are expensive* There will be some meatheads* There will be a few drunks* There is limited re-entryHowever, you gotta know that going in, right? Don't act shocked on here when you see some of that. Although, the EBC crowd always seems a bit classier than the rest, so drop a few more bucks on a cocktail. It's worth it. At least no one will be stealing your belongings while you frolic in the water. Shout outs to awesome servers, Victoria and Brittany, who have taken care of my buddies and I on many occasions.
5	This is THE day club to go to! A must for a summer vegas trip :)It's very spacious and so beautiful. Good spots if you buy bottle service, but you'll have lots of room to dance around and hear the music even if you don't splurge. The water looks so clear and blue, unlike drais where it's green and cloudy. Water is probably still not THAT clean but it looks gorgeous. The pool is very big, and there are plenty of bars to get alcohol. There are usually free drinks for girls if you go on a weekday. Otherwise, drinks will definitely be pricy. But that's Vegas for ya!!
5	3rd time here: Tweekers, Twerkers, Tanlines, and DIPLOit was overcast and sprinkling when i came a few sundays ago so there was ample space in the large pools as the crowd came later when the sun came out.  water was the perfect temp!  bartenders were super nice, thanks for the ice in my dehydrated state!I think they chlorinate the pool more heavily these days as my eczema broke out all over my body.  I appreciate the extra bleach because there were plenty of people trying to make babies in the water, I would not want to catch anything!I think this has moved up to be my favorite day club
4	mad decent block party and lots of drinks!!!! drinks were a bit pricey, but i knew what i was getting into.  the line moved quickly for the massive crowd.  they cleaned up constantly and pools were great!
1	I had a table at the club and bought ridiculously overpriced drinks all day. I parked at the Encore hotel since that is the sponsoring hotel. At the end if the day they wouldn't let me walk inside the Encore hotel to get to my car. I was forced to walk outside in 100+ heat, down some awful alley smelling of hobo piss and rotting food to get to my rides car.  The host was inconsiderate and would not never entertain the idea of letting me inside the hotel to get back to my car. I was bone dry with not a drop if water on me. The pool was a mere 3 feet deep and I could not see the bottom. The pool reeked of piss and the bounces were sexist only letting girls in skanky bikinis on the platform to dance. One guy jumped up and was forcefully ripped off the platform in less than 30 seconds. They don't understand their clientele, nickel and dime you at every available moment. I'd avoid this pool during your vacation at all costs.
5	Gorgeous! Very high end beach club. It's Vegas so you know the drinks at the clubs will be through the roof. Now if you want to have a quick meal here, enjoy splurging 15-20 bucks on salads and such. It was too rich for my blood, so I had to pass on the food. Beautiful decor all around. The water is a glistening ocean blue and the security is tight. Let's say we girls had too much fun dancing on those poles with water trickling down our faces and such, but fellas...no pole dancing for you! Once you place your limbs on to the pole dancing area, you are swept off in a millisecond. Haha I have no complaints about the club, the only one is that I wasn't able to see ZEDD because he was out "sick" according to the staff.
2	Came here with high expectations after going to Drai's the day before and having a blast. To be honest, I was a little underwhelmed. I felt like the energy just wasn't as high at Encore and it was more like fancy hotel pool instead of a pool party. A lot of the girls here are super fake (a few friends and I actually made a game of pointing out all the fake boobs), but some people are into that so to each their own. I wish there were more dancing areas with ankle deep water so you didn't either bake or turn all pruney. Drinks are expensive as usual - going rate is about $19. Pros: -Good music. -Good looking guys and gals. -Poolside couches/cabanas are well placed (though absurdly priced.) -Large pool space.-Decently priced lockers. Cons: -No shade (you will buuuuurn) in the pool. -There is NO splashing. Security is 100% on top of that. -ABSOLUTELY NO dudes on that middle dance area with the stripper poles. You will be bounced in under 15 seconds guaranteed. And leads me to another point. -Security are Nazis here. -Water costs $11 (so ask for a glass of ice instead). -Sunscreen costs $30-Pool water gets really gross really fast. The water was murky when we left after 2 hours. Also there was an assortment of floating straws, cups, and bottles. Ew.
3	I came here by myself -- flight delayed, friends already back home in their respective states -- but ended up having a most uproarious time thanks to a hospitable bunch from the University of Oregon, who didn't seem to mind I was on the other side of 30 and had no drugs to sell them. Anyhow. I don't see how any of the big day clubs differentiate themselves from one another. They're all the same. Rehab: Bad tattoos. Loud music. Semen in the pool.Wet Republic: Bad tattoos. Loud music. Semen in the pool.Encore Beach Club: Bad tattoos. Loud music. Semen in the pool. Flamingo Pool: Bad tattoos. Loud music. Semen in the pool. To their credit, the drinks were good (and free of semen, I assume).
2	Deadmau5 was playing at the Encore Beach club so we were in, but it was TERRIBLE.Deadmau played for no more than 45 minutes and only put on his signature helmet for 1 song. The first half of his set was boring and sounded like the elevator music played at the Encore. The next song was good then it went back to a boring repetitive beat. So disappointing. We purchased ticked weeks in advanced and paid close to $200 for one of the most DISAPPOINTING concerts I've ever attended. Now let talk about the good. The Encore has great employees. They will meet you with a smile and get you anything you need, provided you pay it. Most of their own employees  agreed with me that the sets player by their DJs was almost amateur. I talked with the assistant general manager after Deaudmau's set to express my disappointment with the entire experience. He pretty much said "were you able to get drinks? (At $22 dollars a piece), then we did our part". Go to any other pool party even if there is a headline DJ, as they don't take it seriously.
1	Not impressed at all. We were promised a daybed and drinks by Jessica Lazaro for my bachlorette party. We planned our whole day around it. We were taken down with the guest list for the daybed with Jessica and Matt and our group was shortly escorted out because of the age and look of half of our group. We will take this to other media sites, Yelp, and the news. Tao heard and gave us a cabana with a bottle. Very unclassy Encore and illegal to be not accepted in to a place for age or look.
4	Fun time but, my God, control the pool with people smoking in it. There were so many cigarette butts and junk in the water that it was beyond disgusting. It makes you want to vomit when you see a group smoking, flicking ashes into the water then but out the cigarettes by putting them under the water you swim in. Someone said the price for sunscreen is $40, which is gouging.  Bottles of beer are $12 so be ready for sticker shockGood acts, David Guetta was there the day I was there. The crowd was really into it, kicking water. Zedd was performing the next day. Good and varied crowd. The douche factor wasn't bad actually. $75 cover on Saturday, which was a fight night. Girls were $45. There's a list but it takes so long that the group just paid to get around it.
4	Had such a great time with my girls!Got bottle service we were in in a flash worth every penny! dj was owesome
3	Interesting that the night before we came here to Surrender and were back again for the Daytime Pool Party at Encore Beach Club the same weekend DeadMau5 was in town.  Another VIP guest list, huge 50,000 square foot venue with three pools surrounded by palm trees. We didn't have a table reservation but the lounges did look pretty inviting and comfy. Drinks available at the bar of course, hot lifeguards on duty. Otherwise get in line to join the crowds of beautiful young people. Drink all your water before you enter the club or they confiscate. Pool sounds so nice during hot summer Vegas weather!
5	This is probably my favorite pool party to come to every time I come to Vegas. Its probably the biggest too. Beware it is always full of people buy your tickets before hand and arrive early to secure your entrance. Or just get table or cabana ;) One of the things I love the most is the fact that they don't allow splashing! I know its a pool party but I don't enjoy being splashed in the face by idiots. This place always has the coolest DJs too. I have had the chance to see Skrillex and Zedd. Some of the other resident DJs include Diplo, Avicii, Michael Angello, Martin Garrix just to name a few. I had the opportunity to experience VIP and it was such an amazing experience. Yeah it was crazy expensive but the service and experience was truly one of a kind.
5	All I have to say is this place is dope!  We ended up purchasing presale tickets to see David Guetta online.  That is the way to go.  Showed up around 12pm on a Saturday afternoon and the staff was very helpful at directing you to the appropriate line.  The wait to get in was about 10 minutes and we just breezed through security.Keep in mind that you will go through an extensive security check, but once you are in, it's totally worth it.  Once inside, you are instantly greeted by a fine looking crowd that is ready to party and have fun.  The wait to get a drink at the bar was fine. If you have been to Vegas as much as we go, you know that you better get your pre-party on before coming if you want to avoid paying $18 a drink...but then again, hey it's vegas, so it's expected!  Be ready to swipe that card if you want to keep the drinks flowing all day.  There isn't anywhere to sit, but then again, you are at a pool party, so it wasn't a problem. We just found a spot along the cement planters to place our stuff and chilled in the pool.  Word of advice, if you want to get in the water, go early in the day since as the day goes on, the water gets warmer, more murky and filled with empty cups, straws, and PEOPLE! lol but if that's your thing, then more power to you.The music was awesome. The crowd was friendly and ladies,  it's vegas! I was a bit apprehensive thinking of how I was gonna look in a bathing suit around all these strangers when there are soooo many people that are built like chiseled statues, but once you get in and start drinking, all that anxiety goes away. There were both women and MEN letting it all hang out, and some in a good way and some in a bad way. In the end, who cares, it's vegas and you probably wont see these people again so YOLO!  Everyone was there to have a good time.  David Guetta started his set aroun 3:30 and went strong for two hours! He was awesome and the crowd was jumpin and the energy level was high.  We ended up bouncing around 5:45 and the party was still going on at EBC.  I realize now that I totally prefer day clubs over the night clubs in vegas. The atmosphere is laid back, the people are wayyy more friendly, good looking, and just all out fun!  I will definitely be back to EBC the next time I'm in Vegas.
5	I absolutely LOOOOOVE going to EBC!!!! It was the first pool party spot I had ever gone to, which was this past March and it is always on my "Go-to" list whenever I'm in Vegas. Although drinks are a bit pricey, it's expected and sometimes they offer free drinks to women! I love the venue and the layout. The past 3 times I have gone to Vegas this year EBC has had the best dj's the crowd is cool too, everyone just wants to have fun!
3	Beautiful people were not here as expected. David guetta came at close to to 4:00 when it opened at 11.  It was just like the SNL skit making fun of EDM.  Red bull vodka cost $25 dollars, enough said.
5	Definitely the BEST dayclub in Vegas.  I drank at the open bar, and then ran around the pool while piggybacking my girlfriend until the skin off both my big toes peeled off and made wearing heels the next night a total chuckle/sob fest.             Encore is still the best.  I love the open dual pool layout, the glamorous vibe, and the stripper pole floating area that makes me SO SCARED for any future daughters that I may have. I am so entertained by this area, especially when the lifeguards will whistle their hearts out when any dude dares to approach the poles, the sanctity of which is apparently reserved only for women.  Makes me snort on my drink/filthy pool water every single time. It gets crowded and hectic though, and the line to retrieve your personal belongings trails in front of both the bathroom and dayclub entrance.  It's such a mess. I honestly wish I have waterproof sexy fanny pack (what an oxymoron) coming to this place so I don't have worry about my personal belongings so much. Get pre-sale tickets or come armed with a bunch of chicks or cash!
5	As a lot of people on Yelp are saying, Encore Beach Club is THE day club to go to in Vegas-- especially on a hot summer day. And even more so when something as awesome as MAD BLOCK PARTY is visiting!I was skeptical. The night before we went, I had lost my phone at Marquee, so I was in no mood to party, but I decided to walk with my friends to EBC even though initially, I wasn't planning on going. But when we got there, I just couldn't help myself and hopped in line with them.Definitely do NOT regret that decision. This was hands down one of the BEST experiences from that Vegas trip and I would go back in a heartbeat.We went with a large group, so booking a lily pad ("table") was definitely a must. We racked up quite a bit in charges, but again, so so worth it!Random thoughts:- The water looks "cleaner" here than it did at Drais. I don't know if it's because the people here are cleaner (lolsies) or if it's because they do a better job of cleaning the water, but there was a noticeable different between the water here and at Drais-- the water at EBC actually looked clear...- Go early because it gets crowded and make sure you stay hydrated! One of my friends got heat exhaustion from spending so much time in the sun!- The bag-check line here is relatively fast compared to some other places, though that being said, it's still a pain and slower than I would like.- I love the "lifeguards" here. While they are probably actually legit lifeguards, part of me still believes that they are just attractive models who have been paid to dance in the lifeguard chairs.tl;dr: EBC gets 5 stars from me because I had such an amazing time here! But seriously, if you're going to go to any day club during your visit in Vegas, go to EBC! No regrets!
5	Let me just start by putting this into perspective for you...  our sunday at Encore is high on my "good times I've had in life" list and I rarely have a bad time. We had an absolute blast here. It was the last Sunday of the summer pool parties and Zedd was doing a set. The weather was perfect, the drinks were delicious, it was a fun crowd ... everything was magic!
5	My second day club experience and this was definitely fun!  We had bottle service in the shade right in front of the blackjack tables and across the pool from the DJ so that was definitely cool.  If you don't want to pay $$ for drinks, just spend some time at the blackjack tables and take advantage of free drinks.We went on a Saturday when David Guetta was set to perform.  We got inside at 11:30am, (and whoa the line was already really long by then for general admin/GL) claimed our tables right across the pool from the DJ booth.  There are few platforms in the pool but they only allow women on them LOL.  A guy got up while we were in the pool and security told him to get down.  The pool gets as deep as 4+ feet near the center.  Towels were free which is a plus, considering we were at a pool party the day before which charged $5 for towel rental.  And music from David Guetta was awesome.So many people hyped this to be THE ultimate day party destination in Vegas and I can't really argue with them. We had so much fun when we went last September!
5	So I was here for a few days when I was staying at the encore. They had plenty of seating an great staff. The pool had seats inside and a rose garden too. We went into the cabanas until they informed us that they cost $500 per day to rent which was more then the hotel room so we left. Maybe next time. Overall it was an amazing experience. will be back to soak up the sun!
5	I had a wonderful time here , definitely a place worth going too and the electronic music was on point , nice crowd great drinks. I am really happy with this place :)
5	By far, this is the best day club Vegas has to offer!  They book some of the worlds best DJs, the venue is clean and chic and pretty, the crowd is fun and the event itself is not trashy!I make a point to hit this event every summer! The headliners go on later in the afternoon, so no need to get there right at opening.
