2	I went to change one rim that had a crack and ended up changing all 4. It maybe a good deal but I wasn't planning on spending $250. At first I signed and paid $79 for changing one rim. Then a salesperson came and said he can change all 4 rims for $166. I was doubtful and asked "all 4 rims for $166" and he said yes. Then I swiped my card for $166 and I told him I already paid $79. He said he took that off.  When it was all done, I got 2 bills and only then I realized I paid $250. When I asked about it, they said "it was $166 MORE". I am sure I didn't hear the word "More". As I said, it maybe a good deal but they were misleading when selling. I should have paid more attention to the details. Anyways they are good service wise and just be careful with the sales persons.
5	Had a great experience. Went in looking for a good price on tires and got a set of 4 Michelin's for a good deal. Better price than from Big O or Costco. After a little negotiation got the price I wanted to pay. Patrick at front desk was pleasant and engaging. Really wanted to make the best deal possible to gain your business. Very happy with the outcome.
5	Great place! I walked in and received a warm welcome, with am immediate question about what I needed. I told him I just needed the 1 tire fixed, but he strongly recommended I get all 4, I know I had extremely bald tires, but I said I couldn't afford anything more than 1. After 2 minutes, he found me an excellent deal for all 4 tires, under $200! (I have a 2003 Corolla) I would highly recommend going to this location and asking for Patrick, he is excellent, and really wants to make a good deal, no trying to rip you off at all!
5	Very professional and excellent customer service.  It took less than an hour. Thanks Stephen.
5	I highly recommend this particular Discount Tire office. I had a great experience. Justin matched a rate that I received from a different tire store, which was really impressive. The customer service was excellent and I was out in an hour.
5	Went in to get new, expensive tires on my car, but I had called first to get a quote. If you don't know this, tire prices are actually negotiable! They quoted me a price and I told them that I had gotten a lower quote from a tire place a little further from my house. Not only did they match that price, but they gave me credit for one of my newer tires that I had to replace! It was awesome.The staff is super friendly and very accommodating. There is water to drink there and newspapers/magazines to read and the temp is kept really comfortable (I went on a really hot day). I will definitely be getting my tires from here again.
4	I have been coming to this Discount Tire for about 6 months now. I bought new tires from a different location a year ago, and get my free rotations at this location because I moved near it.At this location there is always a seat, even when they are busy. I will admit that this latest time was a Tuesday afternoon so I didn't expect the wait to be so long. I didn't time them, but I feel like I waited quite a while. However, once they actually took my beloved Jeep back to the service area, it was only about 10 more minutes and they were done, so I was impressed with the actual service part. Very impressed. They didn't mess with my seat... usually I get in and it's moved way far forward or the radio has been changed ,etc.. So I appreciated that. I hate getting in and all my shtuff is different.And, as always, they provide free water which is awesome in the desert.So, all in all, pretty good! We will see how the next rotation goes in 6,000 miles! (By the way, you can set it up to have them email you when you are due... that helps a lot.)
5	Vassie Gardner went way way out of the scope of normal customer service to help me get the part to fix my tire. I have always had great service at Discount tire but this went into another galaxy. THANK YOU Vassie!
5	Had a leaky back tire and went here today to get it fixed. Took less than 30 minutes and they did it for FREE! When do people ever do things for free? I left in a bewildered dazed, feeling like maybe I should've tipped the guy. Oh well, if I ever need anything else done, you better believe I'm coming back.
5	I don't even live in Vegas, and this is where I come for all my tire needs. A couple years ago I had my buddy's Tahoe and got a flat. They fixed it for nothing and it wasn't even my car! So now my tire purchases and rotations get coupled with my Vegas trips.
5	I went online to price a set of tires and Discount Tire was around $200 less than I was quoted a couple of months ago at a competitor. I kept the quote up on my phone and went in the store. I showed the gentleman the quote and told him that this was what I wanted. He quoted me a price that was even less than the online quote and they had the full set of tires installed within about 20 to 30 minutes. By far the best tire buying experience I have ever had. I will definitely be taking both of my cars there in the future.
1	I went to this store after speaking with Sergio who stated that I could have my flat fixed at no charge. I got off work and then headed over to the shop where I was met by one guy who stated to look at my rims. My car is from the lot with original rims and tires. He told me they cannot fix my flat because the weight of my car could not support the rims. I told him y'all fixed a flat at the other office on rainbow and Charleston where vinnie was at. They said it was the back tire so it was ok. Then trifles to sell me on two tires for 300+ I looked at him like he was crazy because I'm just coming in to get a flat repaired and I was not going to be paying that much for tires when I don't need it. To top it all off a friend of mine with a total different car was looking to check his tire pressure they said that they would not be able to help and his car had the same problem as mine. And tried to sell him on tires as well. I called 3 other shops that said that they would fix the flat. This place was just out to get money and lie to people they think are young when in all actuality they have knowledge of cars and how it works. I was very dissatisfied and disappointed in the way they acted instead of helping in keeping an accident from happening they swoud risk the possibility of an accident because they are out to get money
4	I had a great experience here. But I new all my tires needed to be replaced before hand.  I have 4 brand new good year tires installed and warranties for around $600.00. The folks were fast and courteous I came in 45minutes before they closed and they brought in the SUV within 30minutes of closing. Great customer service.
5	amazing service!  I had some missing lug nuts on my car and Ryan one of the employees went out of his way to pick some up that were not in stock at the location.  The staff was super friendly and service was great!  Highly recommend :-)
5	James is very professional...Helped me warranty a tire that was faulty with no hassle.     I was worried and Discount tire came thru for me!     Only one issue with the shop was an out of control, belligerent installer with anger issues...I'm sure he won't be around very long.
5	Excellent service. Chris G went above and beyond for us with new tires and even put on windshield wipers. Thank you!
3	I'll give it 3 stars, but it could have been 5, this place used to be very good, but tonite left a bad taste in my mouth.  I came into some extra cash and decided to change all 4 tires that were showing their age, so I stopped by.  I went into the lobby where there was nobody working, but I could see in the garage 2 guys working on some tires on a car, and one guy talking with what appeared to be the owner of the car.  We made eye contact a few times and they kept talking so I assumed he had a chatty client, it happens.  But when the owner of the car went outside to let them finish his car, the other 2 kept working on it and the 3rd guy looked at me, ignored me and talked with the guys working on the car.  I took my $600 right to Pep Boys and they were more than happy to assist me.
1	Rip Off's!!! They did an oil change for me, inspected my brakes and told be they were fine, but I needed a new water pump for $800!!! LOL Had it, all my hoses, all my belts, new thermostat and radiator flush for $400!!Somewhere Else!!!Then when I returned the next week because my brakes had been squeaking since they inspected them the week before, they had the balls to tell me it was because I needed new brakes.When I told them their Mac has just said my brakes were fine last week, they said I must have driven them hard!! IN A WEEK????Took my truck down the street to Midas on St Rose...they told me I still had 50% left on my pads!!!Do yourself a favor....DONT DO BUSINESS with these cheese balls!!!!!
5	I have been to this location multiple times and they are always very kind and professional. I just went due to my tires being low, turns out I had a nail in one of them and they repaired it for free. I will continue to go here as they have amazing customer service and seem to care and want to help with whatever tire trouble you have. Thank you!
5	Went in to have a flat checked out. The staff was extremely friendly, knowledgable, and courteous. Sadly the flat was too busted to repair (which is free), but they gave me a tire on loan for no charge until my new tire could be shipped. The comfortable waiting room atmosphere, free water while you wait, and fast service makes this Discount Tire shop number one on my list.
