5	I took my Mom here for our birthdays which are only 6 days apart.  First of all it was super convenient to book (which is a plus since I live in Cali), I was able to put in a request on-line and they called me to confirm within a few hours.  I accidentally booked the wrong package, emailed them and they changed it for me no problem.We both got the Divine package which was a facial, massage and hand+foot treatments.  We were there for about 3 hours and it was just about the best 3 hours ever.  Our Masseuse was Chris who was fabulous and our Esthetician was Tricia who was very friendly and gentle.  Everyone there was very nice, professional and accommodating.   It was great to find a nice spa that was reasonably priced off of The Strip. We will be coming back.
4	I booked a 60 minute Lavender Sea Salt Scrub and a 60 minute Deep Tissue. A great experience at an unbeatable price.  The facility is clean and the setting relaxing. The staff and owner are friendly, accommodating and attentive. I have already recommended this place to 3 friends! My masseuse was Elizabeth and she does a great Deep Tissue massage.
3	Pros: services were good and affordable compared to the big hotel spas on LV Blvd. Friendly staff. Cons: strip mall location doesn't let you feel like you are getting away. Facilities are not fancy and the place is small. You get what you pay for. Nice place if you just want a pick me up.
5	a friend and i traveled to vegas for the weekend and i've been to many of the hotel spas on the strip and although a decent experience nothing over the top to make me spend that kind of money again. purchased a package online including a facial and a massage. very very pleased with my experience. no its not right on the strip but honestly the experience was relaxing and i felt the one on one treatment was way better than the commercialized spas where your face is many in a crowd of hundreds. yes its in a strip mall but so what? when you walk in you don't notice anything going on outside. i was immediately given a robe and slippers and an area to rest. i will be back here anytime i visit the vegas area. thanks for a wonderful relaxing spa venture!!!
1	HORRIBLE!!!! Paid for a 50 min facial and only received a 40 min facial. The girl would not shut up!! She spent more time out of the room and cleaning her "tools" than she did on my face. When I said I had 10 more min left she started arguing with me!! I mentioned to the gal at the front desk that I only received 40 min all she said to me was "I don't know, I wasn't in the room" Seriously!! This place is a joke....its a dump, you don't feel like your at a spa you feel like your at the doctors office. DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY HERE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS PLACE!!! I'm an athlete so massage is something I do often. If you can make me fall asleep and slobber , you have some serious skills. I've gone to Sensations several times for different services and never disappointed. One of my personal favorites is the hydra facial! Not to put my business out there, lol but if you can appreciate the benefits of a Brazilian wax, then you definitely need to visit this place. My mother in law hates massages but recently used her gift card that I bought her last year(GO FIGURE) and she has already scheduled to go back on her own. As a matter of fact, I'm due for a massage now:-)
5	I've been really wanting a great massage & facial lately. As well as another trip to LAS VEGAS!! Last time I went I got the 50/50 deal. 50 minute massage & 50 minute facial. (I had a diff. person for each specialty too) They were both amazing. The massage was calm & soothing and the facialist was very friendly & my skin felt & looked radiant afterwards. It's about an 8 minute drive on the freeway past the strip but it was worth it! I had a car so it was easy peasy for me & it was right off the fwy so easy to find! It was about 100 dollars for both of those things. I also didn't follow spa etiquette b/c I was a bit late (due to traffic) & I also had a last apt. around 7 but they took  me anyway for the full amount of time & were very friendly still:) Great Service & I look forward to going back!
5	I have been here many times and will continue to keep going back.  I love the owner, she is always very helpful and will go out of her way to insure I have the best experience.  I did a bikini wax there, the first time I had done this.  I was really nervous and kind of embarrassed.  The technician really put me at ease and I felt comfortable.  I have also had the hydro-facial which is amazing!  It feels and looks as great as microdermabrasion, however, my skin feels dewy after. I live near the strip, and wouldn't go anywhere else.  When you do the packages, you cannot beat the prices!
3	I normally go to the casino spas but after researching prices I came upon this place. Their prices were much better and I could get alot more for my money so I decided to try it. The staff was very nice. I got the 50/50 massage and facial. The facial was great...what a treat! The massage was also nice but don't waste your money on upgrades such as the scalp massage. They don't spend enough time on it to warrant the extra cost. If you are a local or you just want to be pampered without all the frills this is the place to go. However, I have decided I prefer the luxuriousness of the casino spas and will probably not go back.
5	Love this place!!!
5	My wife and I came to Vegas for vacation and we decided we wanted to go to a spa.  I wasn't going to pay the absurd prices for the spas in the hotels on the strip.  We found Sensation Skin and Day Spa on-line.  It was well worth it.  We got a couples 1HR massage for what you pay for a  1/2HR per person on the strip.  Its off the strip but worth it.
5	Hydrafacial Hydrafacial Hydrafacial!! I alwasy love to go off the strip while in town here and looking for the best spas and deals. I purchased the Yelp deal. And what a deal it was. Hydrafacial on the strip are $300! Really!! The staff here are welcoming and love what they do.A must visit where your in town
5	We were visiting Vegas and I wanted a spa day. The casino spas are ridiculous in price and my husband found Sensations Skin & Day spa. We purchased the Skin Renewal package off Yelp and I called and scheduled an appointment. I was 10 minutes early, filled out my paperwork and Trish came out and greeted me for my facial. She was fantastic! I had never had a professional facial and just loved the pumpkin facial she gave me. My face feels awesome! At the end of the 30 minutes she brought me to Carolyn for my full body scrub and swedish massage.Carolyn was awesome!! OMG!!! I had never had a body scrub and an hour later my skin was so soft. I don't think its been this soft since the day I was born! A quick shower to wash off the salt and time for the massage. I chose the Champagne & Roses scrub and body butter. The massage was out of this world! The best massage I have ever had. I was so relaxed, I think I dozed off a few times. The room had a light fragrance with very soothing music. I am sensitive to strong fragrance, but what she had on was perfect. Next time I'm in Vegas, I'm definately going back!!! Told my husband he should come to for a massage, I know he could use it and would love it! After the discount and I purchased the facial scrub, I spent $119!! Try gettting that deal at strip hotel spa! I read the few (very few) bad reviews and it sounds to me like those people were just looking to complain about something. If your looking for a great spa that is affordable, Sensations is your place! It's not on the strip, but easy to get to. Don't let the fact that its in a strip mall scare you away. This place is awesome!
4	Found this spa here on Yelp and they were offering a Yelp deal, $60 for $75. I scheduled for a 90 minute therapeutic massage. Super easy to find the spa. Was promptly greeted and offered water or tea. My massage was just the right combination of relaxing and therapeutic. I really appreciate that Trish listened to me and focused on the areas I specified and adjusted the pressure as requested. I am pretty sure I dozed off at times, which indicates to me how relaxed I was feeling : )
