5	Recently, my mom had a large crack in her windshield. While on vacation, in California, my dad got the whole thing replaced. On his drive home, someone changed lanes, and kicked up a rock that chipped the new window. After a long drawn out game of musical phones, we decided just to go to Techna and see if it would be cheaper than what other places quoted. Turns out, $22 and fifteen minutes later, you can hardly tell there was damage. Great customer service and speedy results are always a plus.
5	I had them replace two windshields about a two months ago.  The services didn't take too long and the guys were friendly and not creepy.  I used a $25 off coupon from the 2012 Entertainment Book.   After two months, everything still looks good.  I didn't call around for other prices but their's seemed reasonable.  The price was the same for their mobile service or at the shop.Thanks Techna Glass!
4	I just want to thank Techna Glass for having a location in Las Vegas. I bought a windshield through them a few years ago and when I was driving between St. George and Las Vegas, I got a rock chip in my windshield. I always thought Techna Glass was only Utah based, and since I live in San Diego now, I was a little worried. BUT I found two locations in Vegas and got it repaired FOR FREE. He did it on the spot and it only took about ten minutes, great service!
1	called them for wind shield replacement. Had my wind shield replaced and it leaked water through the seal and shorted out electronics in dash. They replaced the seal the next day at there north vegas location, they damaged molding on drivers side of car. Josh at head quarters spoke to local guy, local guy said they would call me to get it fixed. Its been 2 weeks and no one has contacted me ... Stay away from them, spend the extra money to get it done right the first time.....
1	I made an appointment at 2. The guy went and got McDonald's and sat there and ate his food instead of working on my car. I understand if you're busy.  But there were two guys working. One guy was already working on one car. So why wasn't the other guy working on mine? What's the point of an appointment.
4	Very happy with the work done to my Armada. I got limo tint and it took 3 hours. The quote that I got from the internet was totally different than what they charged me at the shop, about $100 more. I paid $239 for all windows, with one year warranty. Overall i recommend this place. There might be some cheaper places, but these guys really care about customer satisfaction.
5	The service was amazing! I had two chips in my window and David took really good care of me. I got the lifetime chip service gaurantee for $39.99. Worht every penny. I was in and out of there in less than 25 minutes! Thank you Techna Glass!!
5	ok.  i called 4 or 5 places and got quotes all over the board to replace my front windshield.  I initially got the best quote from United auto glass.  I then called Techna Glass.. they were slightly higher.. but i told them i was shopping around and they offered to match my best offer by 10 dollars less.  SOLD.  I took it down there, they salvaged all the tags i needed from my old windshield, the shop was clean and pleasant to wait in.  I highly recommend these guys. they offer all sorts of guarantees for 4 months to a year.   and ps..safelight wanted to change me 100 bucks more.
4	I was behind one of those big rock trucks (a necessary evil of living in Las Vegas) on the 15 and out of nowhere, wham!, there flew a giant pebble right into the windshield of my car. A big pit just sat there for a week or so, then the dreaded giant crack began to appear. After living with it for 6 months, the crack was across the whole windshield so I figured it was time to get the glass replaced. Luckily, Techna Glass had a Groupon deal so I snatched it up to save some dough. I was nervous about heading to the shop by myself (you know the reputation car places have to ripping off female customers), but off I went. The technicians were friendly, welcoming and reasonably fast. I have an import car so it took them about 90 minutes to get the glass in place. They didn't try to upsell me or give me some song and dance about the Groupon (as lots of places would do). I went around 6 pm at night. The shop was completely empty except for me. They have a comfortable, clean and safe waiting area so major points for that. My new windshield looks awesome and is crystal clear. I am very happy with my experience.
5	I got a rock chip on a trip to visit and within a couple of days it was quite a crack.I was leaving to go back home the very next day but was able to drop by at 8am that morning.  They did not have the windshield but the manager went 30 mins one way to go pick it up and they went and came back and had me out the door by 10 AM.This is above and beyond service and you should not expect it all the time, but they were amazing.I doubt I will ever use them again as I do not live there but if you need glass repair, they are the guys for you.Also, from what I saw, they had great prices for tinting.
5	Excellent customer service and a reasonable price. Really made a difference in my day by making a difficult situation a bit easier. Thank you!
4	They were timely in starting the work, the estimates were very good, prices is unbeatable. I had my Windshield replaced and the car Tinted at the same time.I am still in the waiting and curing period, cant roll down my windows or slam the door shut, but the work looks good, no bubbles etc.. Their work is guaranteed if needed.. the windshield has a lifetime chip repair policy..!  My only complaint is the windows and side mirrors are covered in soapy film that was not cleaned off from the tinting.. and they told me to remove the Orange tape holding the windshield down wile curing...I would have liked it if they had told me to bring it back to finish the cleanup... The store manager has Zero Personality, is ALL business.. maybe he was short a guy that day, I want to be fair.. but that is ok, Im not there to socialize. there is a pub next door to go eat at while you wait..  That's it..
