4	Marie Callender's food is very predictable.  If you want a culinary adventure, go elsewhere.  If you want a chicken pot pie (and if you want one, you aren't really worring about the calories, fat or sodium content) and a slice of pie for dessert, it ain't bad.  What bumped this particular Marie Callender's up a notch was one of the waitresses.  I wish I'd bothered to get her name.  She's on the tall side, has hair long enough to put in a ponytail, and a New York accent.  She's perfect for this location and clientele, which runs to at least half senior citizens based on my visit.  She speaks loudly and clearly enough for everyone to hear her, is amazingly efficient and alert, and does one heck of a job selling the menu.  I'm not a demanding customer, but I do like to just sit back and watch a great waitress do her thing once in a while, and this gal was great.
3	Expecting the worst isn't always bad, cuz you might be pleasantly surprised when it's good, and that's cool.Usually, I avoid chain restaurants like the plague, especially a place like Marie Callendar's, cuz the food is hit or miss, and in my experience - more miss than hit.  However, this morning we were in a big group, and we are in Vegas, so I went with the flow.I decided to order the California Benedict - poached eggs, fresh tomato, avocado on english muffin, hollandaise on the side, and crispy hash browns on the side.  I gobbled down the whole dang thing in a flash.  I remained quite satisfied the whole day even though we ended up having a late lunch.  We are gonna go back for breakfast at MC tomorrow morning as well...Since we missed dinner tonight, I can't wait!The only weird point was, the waitress filled out the tip and total on the bill (extra 15%), since we had 14 people.  Her loss too, cuz the service was very good, especially considering we didn't call ahead for our 14 people...I was planning on tipping her extra.
1	The food is pretty good (for plain old, kinda boring American food), but WAYYYY overpriced.  I had a bowl of soup and a water for $8.  A bowl of soup!  That's crazy.I'm not sure why people eat here!  If you just want plain jane American food, there are plenty of other places to go that won't empty your wallet.
