5	Well we were standing outside the doors 10mins before they first opened...that's how excited we were for this place. After watching for months, we finally have a new restaurant in town with a little more attitude than Parlor or StFrancis. Hula's is aiming at the kick back & relax crowd which fits me specifically. Good food is only good if I can pair it with a great drink & Hula's doesn't disappoint. Really, this place is great.To begin, the renovation is wonderful. On par with the other CenPho restoration projects of the past year - this one stands out by creating a period piece instead of going for a more modern style. There's a fire pit & plenty of outdoor seating along with a wonderfully decorated interior - all separated by some moving glass garage doors (like Postino). The best piece is their sliding table bench. It's hard to describe but a wonderful feat of engineering.The appetizers were pretty great. The sweet potato fries will give Delux a run for their money & are savory & crispy. The cevice is served with some oversized wonton chips that have a great flavor. The cevice itself has a bit of spice to it thanks to the peppers.The main dishes are a bit limited right now but the coconut chicken is simply delicious. With a sweet & spicy sauce over a perfectly cooked coconut-crusted chicken, this dish comes with rice & black beans. Really one of the better dishes I've had...plus, there was a lot of it. I had originally ordered the pork but had to steal the chicken from my wife. It was just too good.For dessert we just had to try the key lime pie. Not only was it NOT some frozen green brick (like most places) but it was a whole mess of complex flavors that made it the best key lime pie I've ever had.The servers were friendly & attentive. The owner came by & was receptive to input. The chefs were quick & the bar tender was heavy handed with a bomb Trader Vic MaiTai. Everything was great. Add to all of this the fact that it is on the LRT & I can't help but think I'll be spending a lot of time here.
4	Color me convinced.  When I first heard about the concept of a modern tiki restaurant, I was skeptical.  When I saw the early demo/renovations to the classic uptown building, while hanging out at neighboring Lola's, I was worried.  After stepping inside today, however,  I realized that my skepticism and worries were unwarranted. Hula's Modern Tiki is a great addition to the uptown dining and lounge scene. They have effortlessly matched an uptown modern vibe with a retro tiki kitsch.The cocktail menu is quite extensive, with a lot of fun options, including Dr. Funk, served in a Fun Man Chu mug and the Tiki Bastard.  They also have a variety of bottle beers, including some choices from the Caribbean and Hawa'ii. Their food is all island inspired, with a hearty collection for seafood based appetizers (pupus) and mains, as well as some other island inspired selections, such as Duke's Luau Pork Plate.  Our food was well flavored, especially my wife's fish tacos.  On the down side, my pork was on the dry side.  To their credit, after mentioning this to the owner, Dana, he took 50% off the entree price).  The servers and staff,  were extremely friendly and attentive, perhaps a little too much so, although i chalk it up to opening night jitters and a full staff fort a less than full house. Give the cool vibe, great seafood and wide drink selection, Hula's Modern Tiki is set to become an uptown classic, especially as they work out a few remaining kinks in the kitchen.  As you begin migrating out to the patios with the cooler weather, be sure to stop by Hula's-- it's patio, complete with fire pit is a great place to hang out over a cocktail or two, or even more,  given its proximately to the light rail.
4	My sister and I were actually planning on trying out St. Francis down the street, but upon driving up, discovered it is closed on Mondays! So, we headed down the street to Hula's to check out their soft opening.  I had walked over there earlier to check it out and grab a menu and everyone was so friendly, so I suggested to my sister we eat there.  They were only offering a limited menu for their soft opening, but this menu along with the regular menu which offers about three times as many delicious menu options were both fabulous! We decided to sit on their patio, which despite the large fire pit in the middle was remarkably cool for a summer night! The atmosphere was great - nice and quiet yet you still feel like you're somewhere happening and trendy.  It actually kind of felt like we were eating in a trendy part of LA.  The staff was all very friendly, and our service was prompt and pretty efficient.  They goofed with the food they brought to our table twice, but it did not affect our dining experience at all, as the food was still brought out within 15 minutes or so.  This was pretty impressive for their first night.  Now on to the food ....  soooo good! We started with the seared ahi wontons, which were pieces of fresh ahi tuna atop a crisp wonton and served with a wasabi sour cream/green onion garnish - perfect combination of flavors.  Both my sister and I said we would order this again as a meal.  We shared a lemongrass encrusted ono, which came with rice and a cabbage slaw.  This was also a perfect combination of flavors.  The portion was fairly large, too, so it was a great dish to share - we even were able to take home some leftovers.  The one comment my sister had was that she would order the sauce on the side next time because it was kind of rich, but I was pretty happy with it.  We did not order any alcoholic beverages, so I cannot comment on those, but from the looks of the drink menu and all of the people around us ordering drinks, they seem to be pretty good! I had their passion fruit iced tea, and it was so good I asked for some to go.  I give this place four stars not five because of a small snafu ... I brought the leftovers (which the server packaged for us in a container she labeled with the contents and the date), and while my boyfriend was eating them just minutes later, he found a short black hair in the dish .... Kinda gross but hoping it was just an off moment for them because I still cannot wait to go back and try some other menu items like the Thai Chicken bowl and the shrimp tacos!
5	I am so excited to have yet another awesome hot-spot added to the Phoenix restaurant scene.  I've been watching the renovations of this building for a while now and read the blog of all the fantastic things they have done inside the place, so I was waiting at the door 10 minutes before they opened.  Needless to say, I was pumped to finally eat here.We were welcomed in a little bit before open time by Dana, the owner, who is a really awesome guy and his enthusiasm and excitement is truly infectious.  You can tell that this is his baby and he is so proud.  We were given menus which are minimized for the time being, but there are still a ton of stellar selections on there.For a starter we chose the sweet potato fries and they were excellent.  They were not too sweet and had a fantastic texture.  Crispy on the outside and slightly soft on the inside made for a pretty addictive pre meal snack.  Next up was the ceviche, which was actually brought out complimentary by the chef.  I've never had ceviche before, but if this is what it all tastes like, I love it!  The fish was lovely and had a nice firm texture and the spices/peppers added a great bold flavor while the coconut milk mellowed it out a bit.  My dinner entree was the Cocojoe's Coconut Chicken Plate and it was delicious!  There were two huge, flattened pieces of chicken totally covered and crusted in coconut.  It was also slightly covered in a deliciously spicy and slightly sweet lilikoi sauce.  I loved it, but my husband loved it more, so I let him have it and I traded him.  Now I had the pork plate which was also delicious.  The pork was tender and the pineapple/soy bbq type sauce was addictive!  There were also chunks of pineapple which was a nice addition.  The coleslaw it came with was actually a great stand-alone side.  It had a tangy buttermilk base with just the right amount of pepper.  For dessert we got the key lime pie.  It was amazing.  It was so tangy, smooth, and creamy.  It was simply unbelievable, and unlike any key lime pie you have ever had.I adore this place.  I'm truly in love.  I will be back here many many times.  I cannot wait till the weather is perfect for relaxing on the patio and sitting around the really cool firepit.  Obviously, I was impressed with this place.  The architecture and reuse of the building is wonderful.  The laid back/island atmosphere of this restaurant is a true winner that will be bringing in the people for a very long time.
3	I give this place 3 stars b/c I think there's room for improvement, and there's no doubt that the owner, Dana who came by our table and earnestly asked for unabashed feedback will take our gentle critiques to heart. Our waitress was also very kind and attentive.We ordered the ahi tuna wonton appetizer.  It was difficult to eat, and sort of flavorless.  I hate adding salt to things, but everyone at the table agreed that a little bit of salt really brought out the flavors.  The ginger brew soda, should probably be called the honey brew soda with a twist of ginger made with Winnie the Pooh in mind. I didn't try the cocktails, but another friend who was dining at a nearby table said that the cocktails were the only thing she liked about the menu.  She ordered the pork, and from what I hear that's not hitting any home runs.I ordered the halibut, that was accompanied with a scoop of hearty, plump rice and a slaw salad that added the perfect texture and flavor to the entree.  I really enjoyed my dish.  I'm no foodie, I just like a yummy meal, so it satisfied my simple requirements.  With that said, it could have been on the lighter side.  The Halibut has a cream based sauce, and the slaw was quite creamy as well.  If they subtract a little cream out of one of those items, I think that would strike a better balance.The sliced steak with wasabi mashed potatoes came in 2nd place.  The texture of the meat was perfect, and the presentation was very nice.  However the flavor of the steak did not wow me.  With that said, the wasabi mashed potatoes were pretty kick-ass.The chicken something or other with plantains and the same rice that came with the fish, was really meh.  It was overly sweetened, and the meat was dry.  I should mention that they have tofu tacos for the veggies of the world.The building has great bones... they don't make em' like that anymore.  There are interior design choices that aren't my fav (generic upholstery, too much tiki kitsch memorabilia), but all and all they've done a great job.  The patio definitely needs some trees in some large planters, or some way to creatively incorporate more greenery (see Parlor).  It has too much of a concrete jungle feel to it out there... not very welcoming.  The bathrooms sort of felt like the old Bahama Breeze place, but I'm probably being too harsh. I think this place is gonna get better and better, ESPECIALLY WHEN THEY DECIDE TO ADD A CHOCOLATE DESSERT.
5	Screw you, Hula's. As if Spouse and I aren't alcoholics enough, you have to go and open one of the funnest (that's right, I say funnest) restaurants in Central Phoenix, fill the menu with phenomenal island drinks, and plop the whole thing within stumbling distance of our home. Our livers are on you, buddy.It takes a lot to impress a professional boozer (that's a lie, but let's move on). That Mai Tai I had last night tasted better than the ones I had in Hawaii. And can I just say how refreshing it is to finally get some fruity options (because I am a huge fruit) rather than the same ol' margarita and martini variations served at every other restaurant in town. Not that I don't live for margaritas and martinis. Let's be honest, I'd drink mouthwash if the bartender poured it in a glass, mixed it with grenadine, and served it to me.Where was I?Oh, there's food too. Loved the sweet potato fries. Loved the Hula burger with sauteed onions. Loved, loved, loved Spouse's coconut chicken thingie. I am so ordering that next time because he refused to share. So stingy. BTW, I love that they have a Pupus menu (that's Hawaiian for appetizers) because I am a child (teehee, I said Pupus).Speaking of next time, we're going back this weekend. Bringing a bunch of friends to hang with on Hula's groovy new patio. And I'm ordering about 17 more Mai Tais. If Hula's could go ahead and place an AA phone number on the drink menu, I'd appreciate it.
4	I didn't really "get it".I was expecting more Island style food, or more adventurous treats.*  Bar was great.*  Tuna Poke thing was fantastic.*  Cajun burger was terrific, but the bun was too dense and troublesome.*  Chicken CocoaJoe was a bust.  Chicken a little dry and under-seasoned, rice and beans were bland (needs a giant ham-hock and about 3 more days).  The Plaintain was overflavored, but underseasoned (they don't neem much more than salt and time).Awesome location.Menu will expand I am sure.Repaint the bathroom please.
4	I love the location - Mr. K calls it uptown and that sounds about right.  Anyway, I love that uptown is getting more places around to hang out at night, and some that are actually hip!I also love the decor - simple, yet modern, and with a few island-style pieces, of course.  Best thing is the big patio with fire pit, the indoor/outdoor seating, and the huge long community tables.We did not eat, so I can't comment on the food, but the island drinks were definitely good.  They have a decent selection of beers and prices on both beers and cocktails are GREAT!  $4 for Hinano, $6.50 for mai-tais, etc.  I have paid upwards of $14 for drinks like that...Service was great - multiple waitresses coming by to ask if we're doing ok, need a refill, etc.Only negative, which I expect/hope will change, was that it was not at all packed at 11 on a Saturday night.  Uptown doesn't need dinner places, it needs bars!Side note:  if it was packed, I think parking would be a little tight (but then again, it's right next to the light rail, so you could just train there!)
3	New. Hip. Fun. The food is very good, flavorful and interesting. Cocktails match the theme nicely and are well constructed. Wine list is a bit below average, but probably a good edit for the audience. The remodel on this old eyesore of a building is nothing short of fantastic and the mid-century-inspired decor is expensive and cool. The ample outdoor seating will bring much needed buzz to the Central / midtown area. And parking should continue to be a breeze.Now the restaurant is new, so we have to be a bit understanding while the staff gets up to speed and the logistics get worked out. For instance, with only a few wines on the wine list - the staff really should be able to recommend something. "I've not tried any of the wines" isn't going to help instill confidence in the menu. And we couldn't sit on the patio at 8:30pm on a Saturday (with 3 open tables) because the waiter for that section was going home. Huh? We hung around and asked a few mintues later and were seated on the patio - evidently the tables did open up after all. Not sure what that was all about...But the menu is creative and fun. The blackened Ahi Tuna with wasabi mash and salad was most excellent - even with the silly Sara Lee-style sauce application. Ceviche was prefect. Cocktails were nice as well. Like other Phoenix area veterans of hip and social restaurant/bars (Postino, AZ88, Kona Grill, Bomberos), Hulas, with it's wonderful mid-town location, will be a hit as much or more for their crowd as their food.
3	I am torn on this place.  We went last Saturday night and were excited to try it. We've been watching the transformation of the old building shell and now it has turned into a very comfortable place to have a cocktail.  That being said, that's probably all I would do here.  The food was less than exciting.  When we arrived we noticed seating on the patio was sparse.  It wasn't very busy at all, yet all the seating outside was taken and no one was sitting inside.  They seem big on the "Community Seating" too which I find a waste because there will no doubt be chairs unused because people won't want to sit next to others. I had a hamburger and it was Ok, but to be honest Mazies just up the block has a MUCH better burger.  Our waitress was a little on the clueless side. She didn't know what was in some of the dishes. She couldn't recommend food to us.  At the end she just asked "Do you want desert?"  I though, Umm not really but what is it?  If you told me what it was, I might be more tempted. The drinks were VERY good.  Typically at restaurants they give you the watered down version of signature drinks but these really did have a good kick to them.  I had the Mai Tai and I totally recommend it!   Others at our table enjoyed their drinks as well.  Ambiance / Decor: ADrinks: A+Food: C-Service: D (except the manager did stop by our table a couple of times)
4	I have had two meals here and have had most of the appetizers on the menu, I think everything was well done, the food was great! Try the shredded pork BBQ tacos!! YUMMY!!! Omg the Shrimp egg roll to die for, NO JOKE! I had the Tiki Bastard cocktail very tasty also had the Pain KIller which had a little too much ice, but it was good, I feel the atmosphere is very laid back and the service was really good we had a large group and Misty our server was on it! I do like that the menu is on the smaller and uncomplicated side, the decor is fun and the big screen with classic movies A WINNER!! The fire pit is a welcoming sign of fall in Arizona, I like this place, it will get better and better I am sure of it! I cant forget to mention the prices for the quality of the food and great service the prices are very low,try it!!
4	After a long day and a longer week, I agreed to fetch the BFF from the airport in exchange for dinner.  We initially decided on Maizie's, but when the entire lot at the Landmark was full, we circled around to the adjacent complex and decided to try Hula's instead.  The patio was full, but we were immediately seated inside.  Our waitress Victoria was quite charming and gave us plenty of time to look over the menu while we chatted.  After a few minutes, he decided on a beer and I asked for a passion fruit iced tea and the Zombie - a delightful combination of rum and fruit juices.After we ordered, we sat back and enjoyed the ambiance.  The indoor seating area was empty, but a group of four was seated beside us.  I wasn't sure about the close seating with connected tabletops, but it really wasn't so bad, even when a group of four was seated right beside us.  I excused myself to use the restroom and was happy to see it was clean and non-smelly.A short while later, our meals arrived.  We both ordered burgers - his was beef and had mushrooms and mine was Ahi, and of course, we both ordered the sweet potato fries.  Unfortunately, they were undercooked!  We let our waitress know, and she took our plated after apologizing.  She returned minutes later with our burgers and a promise of a fresh basket of fries for us to share.  The fresh batch of fries was much better - hot, crispy on the outside, and perfectly cooked on the inside.  I think Mazie's are better, but these were definitely good.  Our burgers were each served on really nice, thick buns with sesame seeds.  I can't speak for my friend's meal, but my burger was wonderful!  I asked for no slaw and the sun-dried tomato pesto aioli on the side.  The aioli had a really nice flavor and tasted great on the burger.  The ground tuna seemed to have been combined with diced serranos which gave it a really, really nice flavor and a bit of heat.Despite being stuffed, we each finished our meals and sat talking for a long while after.  Our waitress was super-attentive and kept the iced tea and water refills coming steadily.  Nice surprise: after the bill was paid, she brought us an order of shrimp rolls.  She said it was an incorrect order but wanted us to have them since we were so great.  I'm not a fan of shrimp, but the rolls looked and smelled delicious.  I tried some (sans shrimp) and loved the flavor of the toasted coconut flakes and the really great pineapple dipping sauce.I am very much looking forward to returning to Hula's again and again.  Lunch service will begin on November 1, which seems too far away.  Great service, great food, great ambiance - love it!
1	A group of us stopped in here on a Friday night, because we had heard it was finally open and wanted to see what it was all about. We all love retro type places and things, so the idea of a new tiki bar was kind of exciting! Alas....it just wasn't a very good experience, even though our server was trying really hard to make it right. I would give him personally 5 stars for that. But it was just boring. I wanted it to be different, I guess. I know that the owners have worked really hard, and I can appreciate that very much. A lot of time and thought went into the decor, and it shows, if you like the watered down idea of tiki. (I liked the artwork.) There was just no....soul. When I think of tiki, I see over the top. It just seemed like another bland contemporary place to drink. Maybe if I was a young hipster I would have enjoyed it better. I asked for a daiquiri but they apparently don't do blended drinks. At a TIKI bar they don't?! I was amazed. Then they couldn't get my other drink choice right so the bartender sent a mystery drink over but didn't tell me or the server what it was. I didn't like it, and I didn't really appreciate just being thrown something randomly. I always carry the recipe for my drink with me, and even with that the bartender couldn't get it right. Also, the water we were served tasted terrible and had floaty things in it. I have very specific taste and I do know this, but I was really hoping for something better. None of us wanted to come back.
4	So happy about this addition to my 'hood!   Beautiful renovation of a long-neglected architecturally unique (odd?) building on Central.   Things are a 'happenin' Uptown! Had such a nice experience with our table of 7 - which turned into 8 - wait - now we have 9 - on First Friday no less!    Staff was completely accommodating to us, friendly, upbeat, fun.  The owner Dana stopped by and chatted, making sure we were having a good time. Food was great, we shared everything.   Weather was perfect for the patio.Ahh... these are the times, this is why we live here.
2	Just because the server will take back a poorly mixed drink or charred beans doesn't make it a good place to eat and drink.  The food at Hula's needs to be good and consistent, not just returnable.On a Saturday night, four of us hit Hula's at 6pm.  What's so striking when you enter is how open the bar and dining room are to the patio, which needs a few more tables and chairs, I'd say.  Central Phoenix enthusiasts love a good adaptive reuse project, and the one at Hula's, especially because of the preservation of the impressive and large hexagonal window, puts it in the same category as Postino Central and St. Francis as far as an amateur's view of architectural renovations.We started by sharing the sweet potato fries, which are on-par with Maizie's and even those at Delux.  They were crisp, evenly cut, and intensely creamy and sweet.After this, though, it was downhill.  Though my companions enjoyed their drinks, my Zombie, served in a tall opaque glass with a mustachioed character who looked a lot like me, was poorly mixed, lacking lime juice, and faintly soap-tasting.  The server gave me a couple minutes to weigh the drink's future, and after agreeing to suffer through it, I changed my mind and sent it back.  (The Zombie would later still appear on the bill.)  The Dark & Stormy I ordered in its place, with dark rum and ginger beer, was drinkable, but inferior to the drink of the same name at St. Francis, which, for $2 more, tastes $4 better.  I think it's in the quality of the ginger beer.My friend's fishcakes were mostly overcooked and had to be cut with a knife, like chicken.  The ceviche, though palatable, my other friend said, appeared dry and haphazardly plated with some giant tortilla chips.As the lone veggie in the bunch, I ordered the Spicy Tofu Tacos, which come with a spicy chili sauce and a side of rice and black beans.  Though the food came out of the kitchen quickly -- 12 minutes or so -- I wish it hadn't.  The tofu, a recently unpackaged watery brick no doubt, was merely sliced, warmed (not grilled or fried or marinated over night), and dusted with chili powder; therefore, the tofu was tasteless.  The tacos were double-wrapped in flour tortillas, which created a thick, awkward mouthfeel, so I just used one of the tortillas on each of my two tacos.  But the most disappointing part of the meal was the rice and beans, which are hard to screw up.  The black beans were so badly burned in the pot that even their juices saturated the scoop of rice with their charred, charcoal (bad) smoke flavor.  I mentioned this to the server, and she later would deduct half of the plate's $11 price (though the extra Zombie remained on the ticket).We passed on dessert and went to St. Francis and later Fez for drinks.Hula's would be a great happy hour spot on the patio if it offers consistent drinks and some happy hour food specials.  Two stars for potential, and I will try once more.  As it stands now, though, an accommodating server cannot compensate for an inconsistent bartender, burned beans, and uninventive vegetarian options.note: I am totally aware that restaurants don't have to cater to my or other people's various dietary preferences (i.e., vegetarians and vegans), and that I choose to go to these restaurants.  I just want some rice and beans to rely on.
4	I decided to try Hula's last evening after work. The pricing was appropriate. The interior and service were pretty good. And the food was excellent. B/c I think of fish (or pork) when I recollect my experiences of Hawaii, I went all fish and ordered the Poke and the Coconut Hapu. I also helped myself to a Mai Thai. The Poke was excellent. I really liked the mixture of macadamia and avocado. On top of that, the Ahi seemed pretty fresh. I like sesame oil, and it is abundantly noticeable. If you don't like it, tell your waiter to keep it light.The Coconut Hapu also was good. I mis-ordered b/c the tangy sweet flavors were a little much for me. I wiped aside a 1/3 of the saucey coating and mixed the rest into my rice to drown it out a little. It's not that I dislike tangy and sweet, but I find restaurants tend to oversweeten their dishes, at least to my standards... I should've recognized when I read 'lilikoi' in the description. My bad... Regardless, the fish was good. And on to the Mai Tai. It was a stiffy. I'm a lightweight, so I had a strong buzz going by the end of dinner. The surf video was nuts!!! Perfect for an individual by himself to keep entertained. I'd seen the one from last evening before, but I rarely just sit and watch for a full hour. Check the place out. I left very happy. The bill came out to just over $30 with tip. I definitely will return to tackle the rest of the menu...In case you're wondering what I had against the only 'pretty good' decor. I felt there were too many different materials and patterns in use throughout the restaurant. I was staring at the tile patterns, the red 2-D star-layered pendant lights, the wood finished walls, then at the different style wooden door, the bar countertop (i liked this alot), at the ceilings, at the white tables, and at the blue translucent outdoor partitions. The restaurant's finishing touches fit the MCM era, but I wish it were simpler. This is a little ridiculously critical I realize. Don't get me wrong, it works out well. Overall, I like it. I'm just being an *sshole. Out of 10 (10 being the best, 5 average)Decor: 8.5Food: 5.5Service: 8
3	With the unfortunate number of terrible experiences I've been having that have led to recent 1 and 2 star reviews, I'm glad Hula's provided a decent experience.  I've been here twice and had a crappy experience (the 4th day they were open, so I was willing to forgive) and a pretty good experience a week and a half later.  I've had just about everything they offer, so to sum up:- Cool atmosphere, as noted by everyone else.  Open late, serves food late, and is relatively cheap- There is nothing authentically Hawaiian about anything they serve here.  It's as authentic Hawaiian as Fez is authentic Middle Eastern.  That's not a bad thing, lord knows I love Fez and have enjoyed Hula's, it's just a fact you need to know in order to have a proper expectation of the food.  You're not going to get a fine Hawaiian culinary experience here.  I like Roy's for that ;-)- The food in general is good-not-great.     - Favorite dishes - shrimp roll and poke apps, macadamia crusted mahi and teriyaki ono (or is it teriyaki hapu?).     - Decent dishes - The ceviche is ok, it's a fish ceviche which I'm normally not crazy about.  The pulled pork dishes are underwhelming but ok.  The sweet potato fries were mushy on the first visit (bleck) but nice and crispy the second, so it's going in the "decent" category   - Least favorite dishes - the steak was a 9oz piece of gristle, bleck!  The fried plantains were also pretty gross, I was really hoping for plantain chips but these were just mushy burnt blobs of plantain.- The specialty drinks are all VERY SWEET...but VERY STRONG.  I forget the names of the ones I preferred.  We also had a volcano bowl which is, as previously noted, very sweet and strong.  The best drink they offer isn't even on the menu though - they stock Absolut Boston which is a black tea infused vodka.  My friends and I always order it with lemonade and have a delicious, strong Arnold Palmer.- The service is hit and miss.  The food generally comes out of the kitchen very quickly.  But some of the servers are flakes.  Feh, not a big deal.All in all, I'm glad to have this new edition to the CenPho light rail area.  Adds another good option to my regular haunts of Fez, Maizies, Postino, and Cheuvront.
3	This place look awesome...from the abandoned building to this...amazing!!  The ambience is fun and there is alot of eye candy...but that is where the good ends and the not so good starts.  I was there with a couple friends on  a Saturday night and we had a few dishes including the Ono Fish and the Pulled Pork.The Ono Fish was decently cooked, but slightly overdone.  The sides that came with the entree included the wasabi mash which was best dish overall that I had all night.The Pulled Pork was flavorful but not memorable.I know you are reading this and wondering...so what's so bad about this place that lead to the 3 star review??It was just okay...besides the atmospere, the food menu was too casual.  It just does not fit what I was experiencing visually.  There was nothing horrible about the food, but there was nothing worth coming back for.  For many people, the food will they serve here will do...I just expect more for central phoenix.
3	I am a fan of all things Tiki - that's JUST how classy I am. After discovering Hula's during an accidental drive-by, I decided to give this place a whirl for happy hour after work on Friday night. Pulled up about 6pm with 6 of my closest friends, and was able to park easily in the attached parking lot - an unexpected surprise. The place looks very cool from the outside, and I thought the inside was Tiki-inspired enough to be fun, but not offensively cheezy. There is a large open patio area with a few tables - seemed more for casual cocktail seating, but there were also a couple of large tables out there with big groups of people. They could probably pack in a few more tables out on the patio, 'specially now that the weather is perfect for sipping umbrella-style drinks outside. I didn't get a chance to try the food, but a friend I was with gave high marks. I tried three of the fruity concoctions on the drink menu - 2 out of 3 were yummy, especially the Mai Tai, but the blood orange martini still needs some work. Not bad, just not exceptional. I didn't see any type of happy hour specials, but the prices were OK - about $7 per girly drink. Bartenders were great at suggesting drinks and were very friendly. By about 8, the bar crowd had really thinned out which was disappointing, but I'm hoping that won't be the case much longer as more people discover it. I'm looking forward to heading back.
3	I went to Hula's Modern Tiki with my partner.  We were surprised with the renovations and the cool additions to this unique old building.  We decided to sit outside on the patio next to the fire pit.  The weather was beautiful.  It was a perfect night.  The garage door walls were open so the entire restaurant was exposed.  It made for a great setting.I ordered a Blood Orange Martini to start the evening.  It was juicy goodness and I couldn't taste the alcohol which means it is probably lethal. We ordered a couple of appetizers, the Seaweed Salad which was tasty and the Poke which was great.  It was great because the order comes with a ton of sashimi.  The avocados and the other fixings were blended perfectly.  I fogot I was eating raw fish.  Order the Poke.For our main dishes, my partner ordered Pan Fried Hapu.  He ate the fish then nudged the salad and the rice and bean around his plate.  He wasn't happy.  I ordered the Shrimp Tacos with rice and black beans and a side of Plantains.  The tacos were good, very nice.  The rice and beans were bland.  Which is okay for me when it comes to rice and beans.  The Plantains were awesome.  Delicious.For dessert I ordered the Banana coconut creme pie.  In a word, "Heaven"Hula's creates a nice atmosphere.  I am giving it three stars because I wasn't blown away.  I will be back and may update my review.  I would like to give it four stars one day.
4	Wow, they make a super good cocktail here. Have not tried the food yet but we will be back for dinner. Love the renovated building, makes me feel like I am in Hawaii. No wall between me and the great outdoors.
2	'Meh...I've Experienced Better'That is the perfect way to describe my experience at Hula. After reading the other reviews, I had the distinct impression that Hula was the kind of place that screws stuff up but is very nice about apologizing for it. That is exactly what happened to us.I went to Hula after work on Friday with a couple of friends. I wasn't feeling too adventurous or particularly hungry, so I ordered the green salad. What I got was a soaked bowl of lettuce mix peppered with chinese buffet-style wontons. Yuck. My friend pointed out that he has an egg allergy, but the server brought out a dish with cole slaw, then took it back after he pointed out that cole slaw contains egg. The server then brought out the same dish without cole slaw, but with aioli. After pointing out that aioli contains eggs as well, the server finally brought out the dish without eggs. She was very apologetic, but it just validated the experiences of everyone else on Yelp....they work hard to correct things, but they should just get it right in the first place.I do give them full props for the remodel of the space though, the building is beautiful.
4	We went back for dinner. Fun night out!  We tried the Jerk chicken, Jerk pork, black bean burger and fish tacos. Everything was tasty. Loved my Zombie and the hubby had a One-eyed Pirate, delish. Lovely island atmosphere, I love what they have done with this building. Great all over experience. We shall return to our island in the desert again soon.
3	The central Phoenix corridor has seen an explosion of new restaurants over the past year. Hula's is one of the most recent additions having opened last month. In terms of location and venue, nothing could be better. Located right on Central Ave near a light rail stop in a newly renovated building, Hula's has excellent street appeal. Not to mention a great indoor/outdoor dining area and patio that is perfect for the October to April Phoenix weather. However, I feel that if Hula's does not work hard to rectify some less than favorable first impressions, Hula's may not make it until May.Let me be clear that I have only dined there once so far, and while my personal experience would not prevent me from returning, my dining companions from that night are likely not to return. When it takes three times to get a dish correct based on the initial order, there is either a communication issue between the server and the kitchen, or the server has not been properly trained or have the experience with various food-related allergies that can be life threatening to an individual. If you read the other Yelp reviews, you'll see a similar pattern where diners received meals that were not prepared to their specification. Our server was very friendly and apologetic, and ultimately the meal was served properly, but it is first experiences like this that will kill a restaurant.That said, both my food and drink were good. I ordered the mahi tuna burger with fries. The filet of tuna was a little too large to eat the burger comfortably with my hands, so I resorted to a knife and fork; no big deal. The portion/price ratio was on the spot, so I don't feel like I overpaid. Our server was polite, attentive, and courteous, so no complaints there. I plan to dine there again in the near future, but I hope the owners are reading Yelp to see the areas of opportunity for their business. First impressions are lasting impressions, and diners these days are more finicky than ever.
4	Modern Tiki is a pretty good way to describe this place. Big windows, very open, beachy deco feel. The first thing you will notice is the huge patio with the fire pit in the middle, so nice! Especially this time of year in Phoenix, it's great to sit outside. Also for those of you nonsmokers you wont have to fight for clean air, as the smoking section is separate around the corner. They have some pretty delicious drinks, very decently priced as well. I had their Pink Bikini, vodka infused pineapple and watermelon, pretty dangerous. My friend had the Blood Orange that was very good as well. We had a few appetizers from their late night menu, which is served until midnight or so. They take a fun different twist on modern/normal bar aps. We had the fish cakes, similar to a crab cake, but way better! And their calamari, which was fantastic. I can't wait to go back!
5	I have been to Hula's three times now. Third time's the charm I guess, which is why I'm finally taking the time to write this review. Most people feel more inspired to yelp when something in their experience goes terribly wrong, however, I am compelled when something is exceptionally right. (third visit) I'll tell you about the first two so you understand even more why I decided to finally yelp for the first time.First visit-Met a friend for a drink at the bar. It was kind of early, one bartender was busy cutting fruit but she seemed nice and smiley. The guy bartender that helped us was a dud. No personality, no recommendations and had a great opportunity to up sell our ticket but missed out. We called him Dopey from the 7 dwarfs. Strike one. Second visit-My spouse and I decided to grab dinner. It was last Tuesday night. The place was pretty slow, we stood up front waiting to be sat....when the hostess finally walked up she seemed clueless and irritated, like we were interrupting her bathroom break or something. (not a great first impression) Our server brought us waters then disappeared for about 20 minutes. By the time he returned we decided to forget the cocktails and just order dinner because we were hungry. We shared two meals, both were ok, but just OK. Spouse wanted dessert but the magician server who kept vanishing appeared with the check after our water glasses were empty and our dirty plates had been sitting in front of us for way too long. (understandable from Denny's or IHop but not a place like this) We paid,left and went to Lux instead of trying to get a dessert menu. Strike two.Third visit-Finally something good to say. After experiences 1 and 2 I didn't care if I ever returned to Hula's but a coworker tricked me and there I was again. (too polite to refuse my coworker after I realized his choice for dinner) This time it was after a long day, I was slightly grouchy and definitely not expecting much after the last two adventures. We were greeted immediately by a smiling server. (she even opened the door for us) She sat us, showed us the "signature" drink menu and a "Tiki Time" menu. She said if we had any questions she would be happy to assist and she would return with ice water. We noticed she had several other tables that were spread throughout the restaurant but sure enough she quickly returned with water, a smile and her genuine bubbly personality (those of you who have had fake-nice service know what I mean, we can tell the difference between the two) She recommended drinks that were on happy hour so we saved money, not wasted it and told us her favorite appetizers that were sure to please for five bucks. When I asked about the beers she told me about the draft and bottle selection. I've never heard of Longboard or Drifter, she described them and even offered me samples! This chick is awesome. She recommended the Tiki Bastard to my coworker, she asked first if he liked ginger because there is ginger brew in it, he does and he loved the drink. (she is smart for asking because if he didn't like ginger, this drink would not be for him) The apps came out quickly and we had everything we needed to enjoy our time. She never made us feel rushed to decide on entrees and she was attentive but not annoying because we were, of course, talking about work. She provided excellent service throughout the entire experience and because of her we will be back. She made a lasting impression on both of us and turned my sour mood very sweet. By the way, her name is Tia. I was so impressed with the service I wonder why she wastes her customer service talent in food service but I'm sure I'm not the only guy that has tipped her more than 20 percent so it makes sense. Other notes:The building is awesome, modern mixed with some vintage decor. Very reasonably priced.Not sure about the music choice. Old videos play on the wall from a projector.Neat fire pit on the patio.Service sucks unless you ask for Miss Tia.
3	I stopped by Hula's for dinner last evening after finding that the Breadfruit, Lola, and Pizzeria Bianco are closed on Sundays. wtf. Damn it.My waitress was attentive. My drink was stiff like last time. And my fish again was so so... This time I ordered the macadamia fish served with a white fish (you choose). I also had the sweet potato french fries. The food simply is not good. I hope the owner reads these reviews and adjusts accordingly.I will continue to come back as this is a local neighborhood restaurant for me. However, I'm going to lower its rating from 4 to 3 stars.Note: This restaurant  definitely is worth a try. It's got a good vibe, and service is excellent. However, for 20-30 bucks, I expect better tasting food. I am convinced the management still is ironing out the kinks.
4	Stop!In the name of all  island BBQs...I dared to stop by with a friend after spotting all the updates happening to this renovated showroom.  I will give 4 marks to the design aesthetic.   Lured in by the many tiki mugs on display which are show only, I was thrilled to see a menu containing a fusion of Hawaiian and Caribbean blends of culinary art.I had a Jawaiian choice which included jonny cakes....something that I haven't had since my momma stopped making them for me!  These were a close rendition but I will not let my momma know.  I am pleased that the clientele lured to this place seems to be sophisticated and sober, something often missing in the neighborhood.
3	Last night... I decided to try out Hula's after reading the many reviews about the modern tiki. i do love the location and the building it is situated in, it's airy, bright, and inviting. Loved the fire pit on the patio, and I was tempted to request a table by the fire pit but my dinner mate wasn't feeling it, since it was quite chilly last night, and the fire was making her eyes watery. So, we chose an inside table. As service goes, our server was prompt, and helpful with making suggestions on what was best. We started with a basket of sweet potato fries... and I have to admit it's one of the better places on central with sweet potato fries, loved the aioli dip and I am quite a fan of the some what soggy fry and mixed in with some crispy ones, it was YUM and worth getting as to quell our appetite while waiting for our entrees. My friend M is a vegetarian so she opted for Black Bean burger, she's had the Black Bean burger at FEZ which is delish so she wanted to compare altho the idea of spicy tofu tacos was tempting. As for me, I opted for the lemongrass encrusted Mahi which was a recommended by our server and asked for a side of plantains to complete my meal. The table next door was served their food and it looked yummy, so M and I were looking forward to the items we ordered. There are restaurants out there that have visually appealing entrees but lack with the taste factor, and there are places out there that are visually, and satisfyingly appealing and makes you have daydreams after the culinary experience that you yearn for it days after. In the case of Hula's it was visually appealing but not so much a wow in the taste department. Now, it's not like it was bad but it wasn't like OMG "this is bomb, mmmmmmmmmm, OMG... yum... I'm so getting this again... Oh when are we coming back?!?"  either. It was ok. I was full. The Black Bean burger was simply described by my friend as greasy. Mind you it was her fault she failed to ask them to take off the onions but she was shocked with how much sauteed onions was slathered on the burger coupled with the melted jack, it just didn't mesh well the black bean patty in her opinion. It has lackluster appeal that when she had the uneaten half boxed up she simply forgot it because it didn't register on the yummy scale :-( As for my lemongrass encrusted mahi. It was good, the slaw just didn't mesh well with grilled fish. Maybe some grilled veg would have best suffice over slaw. And the plantains were not the best plantains at all, seemed kind of dry and not as ripe, was hoping it would more soft and have a little crisp to it. Our dinner was ok, and did come out to 3 stars, I'm not completely writing off Hula's Modern Tiki since it deserves a second try at least. But I'm not wowed by it that I am hoping I'd get back there sooner... I can wait for later when that urge arises. There's simply too many better options than Hula's like Maizie's next door or FEZ up the street. So if you haven't tried it, you oughta but nothing to write home about.
3	I'll admit, when I heard they were opening a Polynesian themed restaurant in uptown Phoenix (I will not call it CenPho, I will not call it CenPho) I almost passed out with happiness. In my head, I imagined palm fronds, oversized tiki gods, live ukelele music and SHAG prints everywhere. Turns out it's not EXACTLY what I had in mind. It's modern Tiki not kitschy Tiki, but as I always say, any Tiki is good in my book.So, here are the details: communal table at the bar or out on the patio is where it's at. (I wouldn't waste my time in the Applebees-inspired dining room except to walk through on my way to the MV-inspired bathrooms.) You might start with the flaming volcano bowl, it's approx. $16 and it serves 2-4 humans. Be warned, they are super potent.Next, you might order some sweet potato fries complete with a garlicky aioli. Then perhaps you'll order dinner. I particularly enjoyed Duke's Luau Pork Plate. The glaze on the pork was delicious and there were bits of pineapple mixed in with the chunks of pork. (For some reason, this prompted every single person who walked by to point at them and ask me "Are those potatoes?" Nope, pineapple.) It came with a side of sweet potato fries and tasty cole slaw. I don't know very many restaurants in Phoenix that serve Polynesian-inspired cuisine or dangerous flaming volcano bowls, so I'm quite happy to have this little slice of the islands just down the street.
3	I'm going to be real here, I'm unimpressed by this place. First of all, it is not Hawaiian. Let's just get that out of the way now. Half of the menu consists of tacos! Wasabi is a common ingredient. The standard side dish is coleslaw, when everyone knows in Hawaii its macaroni salad. Let us all just agree to call this some a pan Polynesian/Pan Pacific/Southwestern /American fusion restaurant. Yeah, I find that confusing too. Our first trip to Hula's was unexpected. We were walking from our friend's home to Maizie's and decided we should just pop into Hula's on the way. If you are taking the LR I would suggest getting off at the Campbell stop, but I think its 6 of one, 1/2 dozen of the other between that and Camelback. If you are driving they have a huge parking lot. The initial visit was 4 days after they opened and we had some hits and misses with the food. I really enjoyed the fish ceviche, while my husband did not as he does not usually like fish ceviche. The shrimp rolls were a huge hit. I thought that the hapu was adequate, as was the mahi mahi. Our friend ordered a steak which was one of the grossest, grizzliest steaks I have ever seen. We left that night wanting to try it again, so we made reservations for a group of friends for my husband's birthday the following week. Upon our return we tried the tuna poke which was fantastic and the pulled pork sandwich which was poor, IMO. My kalua pork is a million times better. On the first visit we had tried the sweet potato fries and they were pretty lackluster so we tried the plantains the second time around. The fried plantains were some of the most disgusting things that I have been served at a restaurant in a long time. I was hoping for fried plantains in chip form but they were hunks of plantains. Plantains as a non fried fruit are not really all that great, there is a reason why they are always served cooked in some way. By not splitting them up into smaller pieces the starchy flavor is overpowering. As far as food is concerned I feel that you have to really try different things to find their strengths. As far as drinks are concerned, get the Absolut Boston with lemonade. Thank me later. I have a PhD in mai tais and I will tell you that these are just average. They are entirely too sweet and the dark rum was not floating on the top, but rather it was shaken with the light rum like you would shake a martini. That is not the proper way to make a mai tai. We ordered a few volcano bowls for my husband's birthday and while they were strong, they were also very sweet. Tropical drinks don't have to be sweet! I really want a Tropical Itch or a Lava Flow but to be honest I'm not sure they offer them. Service is hit or miss. On his birthday my husband was wearing a birthday hat and our server actually asked him- in what I believe was complete seriousness- if it was his birthday. What? Really? The indoor space is great, not such a fan of the lighting on the patio. I think I will probably be back for that adult Arnold Palmer and apps. At the time we were there they didn't have a happy hour, but they have added one now.
3	I don't love Hula's, but I like it!I absolutely adore what they have done with the space, it has one of my favorite patios in Phoenix! The servers are over-the-top friendly and excited which makes me happy to be there :) I'm not a big drinker but the Dr. Funk is probably one of my favorite cocktails I've ever had. My biggest problem with Hula's is just that the food isn't that great. I have tried quite a few menu items over various trips and I am just not knocked out by any means. I think the best way to do Hula's is happy hour. $5 cocktails, $5 apps (I actually like their appetizers more than many of the entrees!) Happy, indeed!
2	I agree with Emily J.'s review.  I don't love Hula's but I like it!  We sat on the patio by the heat lamp.  It was pretty dark in on the patio around 6:30pm.  We sat, we ordered, and we waited, waited, waited for the food.  It was a long while before our food came out.  We did not see what the food looked like.  It was so dark out.  The food was alright, but nothing that will make me drive out to eat there on purpose.  The server was very friendly!  The hostess was a little rude.
3	I wanted to like this place more....Arriving early to meet a group for a birthday dinner, the husband and I sat down at the bar to soak up the atmosphere. While the hostess was a bit off the bartender was nice and attentive while we waited for our party. The drink menu is intriguing, but the 2 drinks I did have left a lot to be desired. I do not like overly sweet drinks, but both of my drinks lacked any fruit flavor which was odd considering the laundry list of ingredients in both.Once we were able to figure out the seating situation (our party grew by one) our waitress was attentive. The menu has some interesting choices. Not being a fish lover I felt their apps were very limited- I like sweet potatoes fries but some variety would of been appreciated. I had the pork plate and enjoyed it it more than other in my party enjoyed their choices.Overall the experience was fine. I found their prices to be reasonable and I really love the space- but I was just not really blown away.
2	Stopped in around 10 p.m. on a Friday and the bartenders were all arguing about who was going to go home first. And, oh yeah, they finally noticed us and took our order. The drink was way too sweet -- it tasted like a watermelon Jolly Rancher -- and then I started to smell something rancid. Turns out it was a dirty bar rag sitting a couple feet in front of my nose. It stayed there ... and stayed there ... making me progressively more sick to my stomach.I love the modern take on the tiki theme and quirky Chrysler-symbol floor-to-ceiling window. The music was decent. But I doubt I will go back, and I'll be surprised if this place lasts more than 18 months with this kind of care-less attitude.
4	Since visiting Hawaii this past spring, I've been intrigued by all things Hawaiian off the island.  (Aloha Spirit!)  So when I heard this place had opened in Central Phoenix, I wanted to check it out.  Michelle A. joined me for some island fare.The inside is super cute with some retro surf and tiki designs and our server was very sweet.  Now despite my love for Hawaiian stuff, I am not a big fan of fish (not on a plate nor in a bowl), which is a huge part of Hawaiian cuisine.  I was happy to see burgers and a pulled pork sandwich on the menu for us non-fisheaters.  I chose the pulled pork since I wanted to see if it lived up to the description of "heaven on a bun."  'Twas delicious.Michelle and I also tried out the mai tais, which were quite tasty although a bit on the pricy side.  I can't be certain if it was the drink or the medicine I was taking that shouldn't be mixed with alcohol (whoops!), but wow was I glad that she had driven.At the end of the night we each received a little mermaid figure to take with us.  A lovely little reminder of a pretty tasty Hawaiian meal.
5	I have to tell you....I had their Jerk Chicken Plate the other night, and it was yuuuuummmmmyyy! You gotta try it!
3	Hula's is set to replicate that of a mod 1960's, tropical bar with old surfer movies playing on the ceiling. The atmosphere gets five stars and the staff was friendly and service excellent but the food is overpriced and the food was satisfactory. I'm a huge ahi tuna fan; however, the Island Style Poke I wasn't completely impressed with. For vegetarians the Spicy Tofu Tacos were quite tasty but I would venture out to say that if you want a fun atmosphere with tropical style drinks, then this would be the spot. I was disappointed in the wine list but Hula's has a great selection of tropical drinks served in fun glasses. A fun spot for cocktails and their happy hour goes from 4-6 with $5.00 appetizers and signature tropical drinks. I won't say I'll never go in for drinks but the food I could live without.
4	So my wife have been here twice now. The first time, we had went close to when they had first opened and decided to sit on the patio. What a great meal with an awesome view. We had the Island Style Poke, Crispy Shrimp Egg Rolls, Johnny Cakes and Seaweed Salad. The Poke is absolutely amazing, I could eat two or three for my meal. The crispy shrimp rolls were pretty good too. I wasn't a HUGE fan of the Johnny Cakes, but that could just be my palate. The Seaweed Salad was very good, very fresh tasting.  We decided to get takeout last night, and again went for the Poke, my wife ordered the Island Style Ceviche and I went for the luau plate. As always, the Poke was phenomenal!  My wife went nuts for the ceviche. It was different than most ceviche's I'd had, it had the acid of a traditional ceviche but the also add in coconut milk to soften the acid, it was good (but I'm not really a ceviche guy). My food could have been totally awesome. The flavor was fantastic, but the menu stated sticky rice (I'm from Seatle and a total teriyaki whore, I know me some sticky rice) and the rice was not the slightest bit sticky, and not quite finished..and room temperature. The flavor in the pork was very very good, but again it was barely room temperature (and mind you, I live only a 3 minute drive from Hula so had it been hot when I picked it up, it would still at least be warm when I got home)  The slaw was very good, very fresh. I ate the entire meal, but would like it executed better next time. Will I order the luau again? hell yeah! I also spotted a luau sandwich with slaw that I may give a shot to next time.  Overall, this is one of our new favorites in the area.
5	This is the 4th time my husband and I have visited Hula's. We just moved about 3 blocks away and I am so excited to make this my regular dinner/hang out place. We went there a few months back for the first time. I looked at Yelp reviews and was worried... What people were saying was not very favorable. But we were hungry, it was Sunday night and we decided to try it. We were thrilled. Our fish was amazing and the Poke was to die for. Our server was great and we left happy, filled with a great meal and with every plan to return. Later I read the review in the New Times. That review made me think that the New Times might need a new food critic, as clearly the current one is lacking in good taste. After 4 times at the restaurant I feel that I am in a position to write this review. Each time our service has been amazing. I never felt like the servers were fake, trying too hard or pushy. On the contrary, they are pleasant, helpful and so nice. I have a very severe seafood allergy and was really thrilled to be reassured that my  food did not contain shellfish. Our server double checked that our order did not have anything that could possibly make our night a nightmare. The owner came to introduce himself and was a very nice guy.We felt so welcome there. The last place I felt that kind of hospitality was at Lisa G's (sad to say, Lisa G's is no more...) The atmosphere was very relaxed and in tune with the restaurant's laid-back theme. And now for the food... It was out of this world. The Poke appetizer has been my favorite but the fish cevice was just as good. It combined so many wonderful flavors and is now my new favorite dish at Hula's. We shared the macademia crusted Hapu. Everything was delightful. The ginger slaw was a total surprise and it worked! If you want a great place with a fabulous atmosphere, awesome beers (they have Drifter on tap) and amazing food go to Hula's. You will not be disappointed.
4	I wanted to give this place all 5 stars because I absolutely love Hula, but  I only gave it 4 because it has been inconsistent the 3 times I have been there. My faves are the poke (incredible and I don't even really eat that stuff), ceviche, and the coconut shrimp rolls. The ceviche has been inconsistent between having a ton of lime/citrus flavor to none at all. I have had the ceviche all 3 times I have been there (and will continue to do so) so I am hoping that the dish becomes more consistent. Plus, the wontons that come with it have ranged from not being greasy, to being totally greasy. (The totally greasy wontons were the same day as the completely bland ceviche so I was totally disappointed the last time I ordered this dish.) As I mentioned, hopefully it gets more consistent. The spicy seaweed salad was pretty good and so is their slaw. Things I did not like were the plantains, johnny cakes and pineapple wine. I thought the pineapple wine would be a sweet desert wine, but weirdly, it wasn't sweet but had hints of pineapple. If you like the softer, sweeter version of plantains, this is for you. I prefer the more thin, crisper plantains that aren't sweet. It may seem like my experiences have been bad but they aren't. I don't expect to like everything on the menu but will continue to try new things and risk not liking it. But the things that I do like keep bringing me back. This isn't necessarily a place to bring kids, so my husband and I tend to order takeout. When we have eaten there, however, we really enjoyed the atmosphere. The owner is consistently there checking on various aspects and greeting the guests. Very friendly guy. This place is a great addition to the central Phoenix area.
4	I have to say that the staff did a wonderful job taking care of a table of 8.  I had wanted a reservation for 7pm, but was told I couldn't get it until 7:15.  No big deal.  Got there just a little after 7 and the table was already ready for us.Our server, Jennifer, was great.  I didn't have to ask for a refill for my iced tea more than once and that glass was kept full all night.I like that I wasn't familiar with everything on the menu.  Hula's is definitely a different cuisine than we have here in the PHX.  WTF is a Johnny cake???  Good thing someone in our party asked and ordered it.  I mean, who wants to go to dinner with people who have no food adventure???I had the shrimp and coconut egg rolls.  A little greasy, but still had tons of flavor.  I also got the fish cakes.  They had a good kick to them and I was full with just the two appetizers I ordered.We went for a friend's birthday, and I was told that they give the birthday person a little dessert with a candle in it.  Jennifer said "We do it for everyone."  I wasn't expecting to be charged for it, though.  Not that I'll be broke the rest of the week, but I guess I had figured it was complimentary.One bizarre thing happened, though.  The other large party sitting near us must have been a bit warm, because they asked their server to prop open the side door to get some air.  It felt good at first.  We noticed the door was propped open with a silverware setting.  You know, the napkin with the knife and fork inside it.  Stuck in the door.  I asked our server after a few moments to close it and guess what?  I called it.  She put the rolled silverware back on the empty table next to us.  It was a really nice night and the ambience was comfortable.  I'll be back again to try something new.  I'll just inspect my napkin first, for any door-grease marks.
4	Love this place! Food & service are always great!. The black bean burger is really tasty, as well as the wasabi mashed potatoes. The regular burger is good too, had it with blue cheese last visit with the sweet potato fries- both were great.
3	Aloha! Mele Kelikimaka! Don Ho! That's pretty much all the Hawaiian I know. I'm delighted a little bit of our island state has reached Central Phoenix. And I say little because, clearly, this is not authentic Hawaiian, nor are they trying to be. Let's start with the ugly. Cuz there's lots of good stuff to like about Hula's. Probably not the New York Steak Sandwich. Which I quickly renamed the Rhode Island Steak Sandwich. Cuz it was teeny tiny. And that's not so bad, except it was served on a large hamburger bun slathered in Hula sauce and a couple slabs of Monterey Jack and loads of Maui onions which were outstanding! It fell apart quicker than my Aunt Helen when I told her I was a mo. Wait? Have I used that line before? Anyway with the sandwich I had the cole slaw which had fresh ginger in it and I loved it! Rickie's Cajun burger and field green salad was delicious as was our friends Cobb Salad complete with diced fried Spam! And just like the islands' friendly culture, the staff here was spot on with service, smiles and suggestions. Prices on our food hovered around $10 a plate. Now. The space. LOVING IT! Think Brady Bunch decor meets Hawaiian lore. There's a large, kickass photo in the dining room with some 60s/70s hipsters sipping bubbly around a pool with a Camelback Mountain lookalike in the background. Sort of looked like a still from an episode of McMillian and Wife (ok, this is where I lose anyone born after 1975!). Much like St. Francis, I love the textures. From the tiny tile on the wall near the restrooms, to the horizontal wood paneling, the nifty lighting above the bar and of course, the dozens of tikis lining the room. Eventually the two glass garage doors were opened to a beautiful AZ breeze and we could almost feel the slight heat from the fire pit on the patio. Though I did get a bit of a stench from about a dozen gnarly, pimpled skateboarders on the sidewalk. This is a 3.5 review FYI Hula's. Welcome to the desert! Welcome to CenPho. And as they say in Hawaii...um...hmmm...well...I dunno....Aloha?! Yep. Aloha!
4	This hit the spot after a disappointing dinner out the night before at La Barquita. Logic would say that if you have a bad experience at a restaurant you've never been to and want to have a better experience the next night, you should probably go somewhere you trust, like Maizie's, Tuck Shop, Cheuvronts, etc. But I'd been eyeing Hula for a while and we decided to be adventurous.Decor: love it. Modern, vaguely Tiki/beachy, but mostly contemporary Phoenix with the ever-popular garage-doors that can open up the dining room on a warm night. Very cool patio with fire pit.Service: attentive and prompt. Our waiter agreed with my asessment of the Cajun Burger (but didn't adjust our bill like I was secretly hoping...boo!)Food: Just what I was craving. Big portions, nice and savory, great selection. I had the ceviche appetizer, and I could have licked the plate. I loved the subtle coconut flavor of the fish, and the crispy tortillas was a nice touch. I ordered the Cajun burger and Hubby ordered the Hula burger. Now, here's where I wish I could down-grade to 3.5 stars (but I'm feeling generous today): My cajun burger was completely indistiguishable from the hula burger. I could absolutely not tell that there were any additional spices or sauce on my burger, and yet I paid an additional dollar. When I told the server I thought I had gotten a hula burger by accident, he actually said, "No, it's a Cajun burger, you just can't tate the difference. I've been telling the kitchen staff that forever but they don't believe me." ?????So, I didn't complain because it had been a good dinner and the burger was delicious as it was, but seriously, save yourself a dollar and just order the hula burger. Note to the kitchen: your waiter is right. You guys are Cajun-wimps! Either slather that sucker in some spicy sauce, or fess up and admit to upcharging for your Hula burger!Overall a very good dinner, and I will be back.
2	Friday night and Im wanting to go somewhere with a cool atmosphere and some good drinks and mabey some good food. Well they had two out of three. The atmosphere is great. Love the patio with the fire pit and the bar is nice as well. I like this part of town and the restaurant fits in here well. The special drinks they have are great, I could suck them down all night,  but I was really hungry and could not wait to try the food. The food was very disapointing. Everything they serve has some crazy sause on it. I like sauces but I just feel they need a little more work on all the sauce i tried that night. The butterfish was cooked well and was great when I scraped all the sauce off of it. That fish is good and doesnt need a sauce like that. I understand the kind of food Im eating but mabey thay need to lighten  up the sauce a little. All the sauces I had seemed like they put a  mango and a pinapple in a blender and then poured it onto my food. You could not even taste the fish. It could be anything under that sauce and that would be all you taste. Then we went for the NY Steak sandwich. It comes with sauteed onions( enough onion for about 6 people) a roll that just falls apart the second you pick it up, and sliced steak that is way to thick and oh yeah one of those sauces again.  I dont mind my sanwiches being a little messsy but after two bites my sandwich looked like it was murdered and scattered all over the plate. When you took a bite everything fell out of the ass end of the roll. When I order a sandwich i dont want to assemble it after every bite nor do I want to eat my SANDWICH WITH A FORK. And again it could have been a piece of plasitic under that roll cause all i tasted was the sauce. I will say the sweet potato fries were not to bad. I dont like sweet potatos really but these were good. I did find out later that they do have regular fries but THEY DONT PUT THEM ON THE MENU, not sure why mabey cause they dont want you to be happy or they are just pushing the sweet potato fries. Whatever the reason I did not like that, cause I would have prefered regular fries.  Im there to eat and if you make it put it on the menu! Overall this place is cool and the servers are friendly, attentive, and knowlegeable about the menue     ( - the fries) but I think the Head Chef should sample all the dishes himself and think about what he is doing in that kitchen. This place could be so much better. Prime location, great atmosphere, just lacking in the food department. Im not sure if all the good reviews are from people that got sidetracked from the atmosphere or if they dont know food and thought they were eating something special or if they had to many drinks before the food. I wanted to like this place so much. I will be back for drinks and to relax by the fire pit but Im not sure i will eat here again.
4	WOW - great food!Their ceviche was the best I have tasted in Phoenix! The fresh Hapu  sprinkled with coconut served with jerk sauce, rice, plantains, johnny cakes was outstanding!My friend order the coconut encrusted Tofu with tropical lilikoi sauce, rice, and fresh slaw.To complete the culinary experience they have key lime pie - my favorite desert and one of the few restaurants in the valley to offer it - key lime is the perfect palette pleaser with a cup of good coffee at the end of a refreshing culinary trip to the islands!Nice customer service friendly, efficient, and well mannered.Met the owner Dana - wonderful and charming.The experience was excellent! Of course, the company of a wonderful friend and fabulous conversation made the evening exceptional.Definitely Hula's is on the list of favorites!
4	great spot in downtown phoenix.  our day drinking party got loud by this stop (#5) on the lightrail adventure.  our party didn't try any food but we did find a great mix of people in here and some nice stiff drinks.  did we need those at this point, probably not!
5	We decided to try Hula's one Sunday afternoon after having a horrible experience waiting over a half an hour for a table at a near empty Oregano's.  I'm glad we ditched Oregano's with their lousy service for the accommodating staff at Hula's, as it has now become a regular hangout for us.  The atmosphere is modern and very relaxing.  Can be a great place for drinks or dinner.  Nicely situated along the light rail and across the street from a large cathedral, it's probably one of the few restaurant patios in Phoenix that offers more than just a view of exhaust fumes from passing cars.  Love the gas fire pit in the center of the patio.A lot of great options on the menu, especially the seafood centered appetizers.  My personal favorites are the pork tacos and the Teriyaki New York Strip.Their tropical drink menu may be their real highlight and seems to attract a lot of local hipsters.  I always stick with their Mai Tai, which isn't overly sweet and packs a good punch.The owner seems to care a lot about his restaurant and is very welcoming to his customer's.  It's nice to go to a place where you're recognized and appreciated as a regular.
5	I loved this place! Sitting on the big patio by the fire-pit having drinks and eating a fantastic meal while watching the cars and lightrail train pass by.We started off each having the Tiki Bastard cocktail ($7 i think). It was like juice with a kick. Not too strong and definitely not too weak. We splite the Abalone-style Calamari ($7) It was very good too, just very different than what I am used to. It came in flat strips stacked like we were supposed to play Jenga with it rather than eat it.It had a very light breading and was served with lime-ginger-cream sauce and soy glaze that was really really good!As my entree I had the steak sandwich ($13) and substituted the jack cheese that comes on the sandwich with blue cheese. I also ordered the sweet potato fries. The steak sandwich was INCREDIBLE! WOW! Perfectly grilled as ordered - medium. As its pieces of steak instead of a full steak there was no pink but it was perfectly tender. I think anything above medium would have been chewy. Now what the menu doesn't list is that it is topped with grilled mushrooms. Yummy, creamy mushrooms. Now I am normally not a mushroom fan and have no idea what kind of mushrooms were on it but it was ssssooooo good! Great compliment to the steak and blue cheese. My only complaint about the steak sandwich was the blue cheese. While it was good and went extremely well with the steak, it was a bit too strong. Like tongue-tingling strong. Luckily it didn't overpower the other flavors in the sandwich.The sweet potato fries were good and the dip was great! Nothing more really to say there I guess. Overall I was very impressed and will be back soon. I definitely recommend this place to others.Oh, the service is great too!
5	This place is bomb-diggity.This is not your typical over the top, kitchy tiki bar... but it does manage to take the best elements of tiki and retro chic and put it all into one place. During our trip, we enjoyed all parts of the restaurant:-the dining area (retro modern and industrial; great to overlook the outside patio)--the bar area (awesome lighting and display case of tiki tchotchkes, also in view of awesome hexagonal window thing)--the outside patio (awesome rock fire pit for sitting and drinking by)So that's just the rad decor...! The food is good and drinks are AMAZING!! There's a menu of about 7-10 tiki type drinks including standards like the Mai Tai, Painkiller, and Zombie... and a few other non-standards (no frozen drinks)... but they run ~$7 and they come served in either a fun tiki glass or class Hula's highball. I had the Dr. Funk, Lillikoi Margarita, and Hawaii 5-0... all excellent, but for different reasons. They also sell cute collectors mugs for $6.in any event, this place has only been open 4 months... so keep this place in business. go there... go there, now!
5	Solid. Consistent. Hubby got the Hula burger again and was practically moaning with pleasure throughout the entire meal. Ceviche was good AGAIN. I got the Ahi burger this time, and it was scrumptious: Perfectly seasoned and a little spicy, I will definitely be getting this one again.
4	It's the bees knee's man! We ducked into this spot on a rainy day for lunch and I'm so glad we did. My husband and I were sat right in front of the window and watch the cars splash by. I was going to order a Red Stripe (yes! they have Red Stripe) and the bartender suggested Longboard which they have on tap. This malty beer was a joy to drink, so refreshing, it hit the spot. For lunch I had the Hula's Island Cobb, very delicious. I was skeptical about the spam but it ended up being a great substitute for bacon. My only gripe is the chicken was described as "marinated" on the menu which sold me on the salad but when I had it the meat was plain. My hubs had the Luau Pork Sandwich and it's truly heaven on a bun, served with yummy sweet potato fries. Both meals were large portions and we finished every bite. We had a really good time at Hula's, great service, delish food & beer. We will be going back fo sho! Oh, and I should also mention that the silverware is now wrapped in cloth napkins. If I would have read these reviews before my visit Amy's "fork door holder" story would have kept me away.
4	The Dinner Club dinned at Hula a few weeks backThe general consensus:The Food: good, some great, some not so great. The appetizers were the weakest part of the meal: the coconut shrimp rolls were ok, the ahi wontons were disappointing, but the poke was tasty and the sweet potato fries were delish. The best entree by far was Duke's Luau Pork Plate, a delicious blent of sweet and salty on well cooked, extremely tender pork...yummm. The Steak Sandwich was also a treat. Disappointing was the Jawaiian Pork Plate (good, but not nearly as tasty as the other portk dish) and the fish tacos (also ok, but the same fish tacos you can get anywhere. Dessert was good but not mindblowingSo, why 4 stars not thee? Weeelllll....members of the DC voted to award an extra 1/2 point for delicious drinks and a nice happy hour. And, anothe 1/2 point for ambiance...the outdoor patio is a great place to hang and the sliding door provides a nice indoor/outdoor space. Plus, the funky old building has an awesome 6 pane wall window that is an awesome highlight,Overall: worth checking out, great drinks, good food and a fun atmosphere.
5	Ok so I figured the true test of how good this place actually is, would be to come back with a friend who was born and raised in Hawaii. She loved it!  The drinks are dangerous! So good, I had to force myself not to have a third drink (I had to drive home to Peoria).We shared the Island Style Poke as an appetizer which was to die for. My friend said it was better than her own. I tried the Jawaiian Jerk Pork Plate which was great! Especially those little Johnny cakes! Yum! For dessert we shared this banana/coconut cream pie. So good! Its served on a bed (the crust that's not really a crust) of animal crackers and oreos. I wish I hadn't shared.I wish I remembered our servers name, but she was SUPERB! This place will definitely become a regular hang out for me.
3	Nice staff, cool atmosphere, great drinks,,an the jerk chicken was pretty darn good.. if you like drinks try the mai tai
3	This place is just plain FUN!  If you are in town and want to go hang out with your friends at some place different this is a place I would choose.  They have a large patio with fire pits and space heaters for the cooler months that are perfect for your hip crew. Admittedly I have only been here for drinks (not that this is a problem) and do not feel comfortable giving more stars until I eat here as well.  Anyway they have drinks named the Scorpion and Volcano that come with multiple straws for your group to enjoy, but if you are going to partake in these be sure you have a way home! :) Just ask my friend Mark. To all of you out there from Tucson or UofA this is the new and improved Kon Tiki for you to enjoy as you pretend to be grown up for everyone else this is a fun change of scene.
4	I was out in Phoenix for a conference and came here for a happy hour. It's a cute little restaurant with great outdoor seating around a firepit with plenty of heaters around. They even had old episodes of Gilligan's Island playing at the bar. The drinks are good, and the appetizers are fantastic. I'd recommend the ceviche, the sweet potato fries, and the crab cakes. The waitress was very friendly and felt comfortable joking around with us. Great location too, it's just right off of the Light Rail, so if you're staying at a hotel by the airport like I was it's very easy to get back from.
4	i'm a fan. the Hurricanes did a good job of putting a smile on my face, and during happy hour, 4 hurricanes and the shrimp spring roll was only 25$so happy hour yes. dinner probably not. i have loved this building since i was a child. so i'm happy it's still around and not returned to the ground, in rubble.
5	We Love Hula's! Our purpose is to visit every Tiki restaurant and bar in every city! All the Trader Vic's,( we have Hala Kahiki in our home state), Mister Tiki, Bali Hai, Kon Tiki, Mai Kai and plenty of others. We know TIki!!  We know Mai Tais and We know Great Food!  Hula's has it all!   We loved the atmosphere, the MunkTiki mugs everywhere. We appreciated every element of the place. (Especially Gilligan's Island projected on the wall above the bar!) The owner Chris impressed us with his hospitality and knowledge of the Tiki World. We were only in Phoenix for 3 days and we went there twice!! After having mediocre $10 Mai Tai's at Trader Vic's Scottsdale, we were quite pleased to sit on the patio next to the fire pit and enjoy $7 mai tais that actually tasted like they should. We tried every damn drink on the menu!!  So then it was time to eat! Calamari was fantastic, Coconut Shrimp Rolls were the "bomb" and Ahi Tuna Wontons rocked our palates!! Island Poke and Spicy Seaweed Salad were great too! No, we didnt eat this all in one night! We told you we went there two nights in a row!! :)  Great Cocktails!! Great Food!! Great Service!! You've gotta try it!!  We will be Back!!!!!!
5	I was in town for a convention and was very pleased to find Hulas! The decor is fun, but not over the top- and the drinks were dangerously delicious. I had the Mai-tai and my friend had the zombie. It was hands down the best Mai-tai I've ever had (including the ones in Hawaii!). We had sweet potato fries and island style poke for our appetizer, and I still can't stop thinking about the poke! Our entrees continued to wow us with the jerk pork (my friends dish) and my wasabi style ahi. Everthing from start to finish was excellent from the service to the dessert. If you are in town Hulas is a must go!!
4	I don't know whatcha'll complainin' about.. - this place totally delivered everything I was anticipating from a joint touting itself as 'modern tiki'For CHRIST's SAKE GET THE SCORPION BOWL! reeeeeeeeealllllly strong, enough to get you and your friend a wee bit more than snoggered. The drink doesn't taste very good, but that's not why you  buy it....you buy it for the kitsch and the 2 foot long hot pink straw you drink it with!The food- was really good...I don't know what everyone is bitching about...they must have sand stuck in between their swimming suits and crabs. lame-os. this place is fun...even more if you're wasted.
4	Great patio! Came with a group of friends and had the pork plate with yummy little Johnny cakes and the wasabi mashed potatoes, both were excellent.
4	I came here for the first time on a rainy Tuesday afternoon for lunch with a great friend I hadn't seen in 6 months.  Our server who was cute as a button picked up our "we are not in a hurry vibe" right away.  We ordered a bottle of wine, fairly priced and loved the added touch of a chilled wine glass.  Our food was very good but no real risk was taken. We shared the fish and shrimp tacos which were flavorful but I had to add some hot sauce to give it a little bite.  The beans and white rice were a simple filler, nothing more.  The menu looked interesting and the prices were fair so I would definately try it again.There were only 2 things that I found disapointing, first was after we ate I ordered a martini, one from their menu, it was fruity and you couldn't taste the alcohol at all.  The problem was it was served in a very small martini glass and I feel when you are going to make a fruity concoction and call in a martini the glass should be bigger, not the James Bond shaken not stirred size.Second problem, as we were eating a woman came and sat at the table right by the restrooms and plugged her computer into an outlet that made the cord block the restroom door.  Now my companion and I couldn't decide if she worked there or not, she never ordered food and wasn't there long.  But just the fact that the cord blocked the door and could have been hazardous really bothered me.Overall though I give the place a B+
5	It seems as though Hula's has hit their stride. I read back through some of the earlier reviews and it looks like they've fixed whatever their issues were. I went with two girlfriends. We were greeted immediately and the host was funny and attentive. He told us the wait was 15-20 minutes. We went to the bar and 10 minutes later he personally found us and seated us. I had a pink bikini martini.. perfect.. just perfect.We shared an app of calamari.. AMAZING. My friends ordered two different versions of the Mahi and both raved about it. I ordered the jerk chicken and it was delicious. Love the decor, the open sided buildings, the patio, the firepit. I actually texted my husband while I was there to tell him how cool the place is and that we have to go back together. With three entrees, an appetizer and five girly drinks we got out of there for under $100 with a generous tip.. which reminds me, the service was great.
4	This is one of those places I have driven by countless times, saying,  "we got to check that place out!"   I am glad we finally did.  Trader Vic himself would be proud of this little urban tiki joint.  I will keep it simple today and address the big 3 restaurant components one at a time.SERVICEAttentive and happy to have us from the moment we walk in the door, the first time was a mellow Tuesday afternoon.  The bartender/server was engaging and helpful and most of all ,exuded a great pride for his place.   He had a key element you just can't train into staff - Pride.  He was proud of his drinks, his menu, the whole place.  He must have got this from the owner who took time to give us a mini tour and talk about some of the unique and creative design elements.  (in a moment)  On a later visit during the more jumpin' late hours that same excitemnet to be there oooozed from the entire staff.  Refreshing to be in  place where people want to work.FOOD AND DRINKThe Pork Sandwich was very good and so was my wifes salad, the drinks were authentic yet creative and I can honestly not say a bad word about anything.  I have seem some luke warm response to the food at Hula's.  I believe this is unfair, the food is more than fine.  It just isn't the first reason why I return.  ATMOSPHEREUnique, creative and original design make this place interesting and fun.  On our mini tour we saw the amazing glass front bar, welcoming huge wood common tables, and stellar use of various materials all coming together perfectly.  The patio was open and comfortable.  We were on a little 1 hour vacation it seemed.  The kind of place that keeps you there once you are in.  For the local downtown-istes, it should be a mainstay of your circuit.  For those of you in the bookends of the valley who only leave your bubble for a ball game, put this on the list of places to hit on the way home.  I will probably see you there.
4	At the end of an action-packed Saturday including a hair-raising drive and strenuous hike, it was time to simply sit back and R-E-L-A-X.My friend and I declared that Pain Killers on Hula's outdoor deck were just what the doctor ordered.  There is something very right about the combination of rum, coco lopez, pinapple and orange juice.  Since Hula's has all-day HH on Saturdays (ending at 7pm), these beauties will set you back only $5 each.  Bargain!  We kept telling ourselves "hey, we burned like 2,000 calories today.  We EARNED these!"  They came with a fruit garnish, so technically they were "health beverages", right?  :)Our very cool waiter took good care of us, and even shared a little background on his detailed tattoo work.  While I don't have any ink, I love hearing the back stories behind people's art - interesting!  As the sun made it's way down on this good day, the deck, the fire pit and of course the Pain Killer elixr made all those bumps, bruises and scrapes earned on the trail just seem to disappear... for a while, anyway...
5	This place is awesome! I absolutely love everything about it- the food, the laid back cool ambiance and the friendly service! First of all if you can sit on the patio! It is super cute and has a fire pit in the middle for when the sun goes down. This trip, we decided to sit in the kinda outside area/  kinda inside area at one of the community tables. I started out with a zombie and my fiance had the painkiller. Both drinks were tropical and delicious. We got here too late for Happy Hour but $7 for a stiff drink is still a good price. For dinner I had the Hula burger with blue cheese and sweet potato fries. It was a huge portion and really tasty. I loved the Maui grilled onions and I especially liked the bun it was hearty and slightly sweet. My fiance had the ahi tuna sandwich also with sweet potato fries. I had a bite of his and it was also delicious. The people sitting next to us were Canadian visitors and said they had already eaten here twice in one week because it was so good. This is a great place to take visitors because its so fun and has yummy food in a great location. I will definitely be back!
5	I'm just gonna do the damn thing and give this place 5 stars.... they seriously have the BEST coleslaw ever!!! I hate coleslaw and this stuff is really good. I love the cilantro in it and how it is not too saucy unlike myself.
4	One of my favorite watering holes these days.... plus the serve up delicious food! First things first, the blood orange martini is AMAZING!!!!  The Pain Killer and banana drink (can't remember the name) were two other big winners with me and my friends. The patio is FANTASTIC, a great place to sit back and relax and the interior design of the restaurant is cool as well. As for the food...here was our "must have" breakdown..App: ISLAND STYLE POKE*  COCONUT ENCRUSTED Entree: many delicious choices but the winner at our table -  DUKE'S LUAU PORK PLATE  SO GOOD!!!!
4	Intended to go to Mazie's but the wait was 45 min.  So we walked down to Hula's and got right in.  The vibe is laid back and comfortable.  The decor is 50's/60's Hawaii vibe and not to busy.Split the Coco Chicken and a side of the Johnny Cakes with my daughter and it was wonderful.  The chicken had a great flavor as did the side of rice and beans.  The Johnny Cakes are sweet and moist.  Will be back for sure!
3	Hula fits into the cool vibe of uptown Phoenix.  I really like the vibe of the area and Hula seems to be a good fit.  If you can and it is not June and 176 degrees, get a good seat outside and enjoy.  Inside is a very modern tiki style (not sure, but I think I just made up a new style, but I think it fits this place).Overall our experience was pretty good.  They have one of the best veggie burgers in Phx.  The sweet potato fries are a nice touch to any meal on the list.  The mai tai was very good and made me wish I was in Maui!The only issue we had was minor.  Our waiter did bring us pork and before we could get the right meal he was off and I had to track him down and it took a bit to get it fixed.  That happens time to time and I will not let that cloud my judgement of the place - it is still fitting as a 3 star. I like the area and the busy atmosphere is great on a Friday or Saturday night.  We will be back, especially for another Veggie Burger!
5	As good as it gets! Have spent most of my life in hotels and restaurants and consider myself very hard to please - think I found my favorite spot and lucky for me it's in the neighborhood! My friends and I checked it out on opening night (and three more nights that week!) and it's become the first choice for gatherings since. We've worked our way thru the menu and have never been disappointed in any way. The quality, presentation and execution of the food is always topnotch, and now that they've added brunch we even have a new weekend morning destination! Hula's delivers terrific ambiance, day or night, indoors and out. The decor is vibrant, alive and sexy with just enough island kitch to create an atmosphere, not a spectacle! You can tell that attention was paid to every last detail. The staff is always cheerful, friendly and attentive and the owners make it a point to get to know their customers; an important element that (sadly) most Central Phoenix restaurant owners have yet to learn. We always look forward to meeting at Hula's and I'm sure I speak for the entire Posse in wishing Dana, Chris and the entire crew continued success...
4	I love this place as a bar.  The tiki decor is fun and I love that the whole building opens up.  Super fun space and the bar staff are great.  It satisfies me when I need a super fruity fru-fru drink.
4	I want to rage on the Spicy Shrimp Mango salad I had for lunch last week. The dressing was amazing. I liked the souriness (is that a word?) of the dressing that evened out the spice of the shrimp. All cooled down by the taste of the sweet mango. (feel my mouth watering) Loved it and will be anxious to visit Hula's again. I visited about lunch time and the place was not that packed. The service and cleanliness of the restaurant was great and like the other yelpers, enjoyed the kitsch Hawaiian decor. If only there was a beach...
4	How can you not love a place that pours drinks this strong? Especially when they're only five bucks during happy hour! I think that I've sampled them all at this point, and haven't been disappointed. For the most part, they are exactly the kind of drink you would expect to find in a tiki cup or dodge little paper umbrellas or fruit skewers to get to - all fruity and full of tropical booze. Ahh, I can practically smell the salty ocean breeze and feel warm sand between my toes. In my opinion, the best of the best are the Blood Orange Martini, the Mai Tai, and Dr. Funk. So what if Hula's wait staff hasn't quite gotten the hang of prompt service as long as I've got my Mai Tai and sweet potato fries. When I finally made it beyond the happy hour, I found that Hula's is more than just great drinks.  Let me tell you, when they say that their pulled pork sandwich is "heaven on a bun", you'd better believe it. I don't know whose idea it was to throw some coleslaw on that heavenly bun, but that person deserves a medal. The combo of that tender, warm barbeque pork with some cool, crisp coleslaw is just magnificent. Word has is that their burgers are also pretty tasty, but I haven't been able to get away from the pulled pork, and apparently the burgers are too yummy for my friends to offer me a bite (not that I've ever shared my sandwich).
2	Drink...don't eat. The environment, with the light rail shooting by, is definately a great place to enjoy an adult beverage. Regrettably, the only thing cooler than the environment is the food...as in the serving temperature. Speaking of cold - I have a natural tendency to dislike any non-ice cream item served with an ice scoop (like a grade school cafeteria - sides are scooped onto your plate).
5	Just had a wonderful dinner experience at Hula's. Our server name was Ginger (like the movie-star from Gilligan's Island!!) she was AWESOME. The food, wine atmosphere, staff were all great. My partner and I owned a restaurant in San Diego, so we know food and this was a great food experience. I had the pork and cole slaw sandwich and he had the coconut crusted chicken. We couldn't decide which was best. Total tab was $40 and change with 2 glasses of wine. You really must try Hula's it will be the best favor you do for your taste buds!!
4	I'm really happy that Hula's is within walking distance of my apartment.  This is because the tropical themed drinks pack a punch!  Me and my ladyfriend shared a "Scorpion Bowl" that was deceptively sweet.  We both stumbled home.  Make sure to eat plenty while drinking at Hula's - there is some excellent food to help keep one's blood alcohol level in check.  The last time I was there I had Duke's Lua plate, with slow pulled pork, cole slaw (which had a subtle wasabi flavor) and sticky rice which was amazing.  The fish is of high quality as well, though the blackened Ahi Tuna burger was a bit dry .  The burgers are excellent, with the Hula Burger being exceptional.If you want to get drunk and pretend that you are in a tropical paradise - this is the place to go.
3	Great atmosphere with ok (the jerk pork was good, but it seemed to be missing that extra kick of cinnamon; the korean style wings and poke were very good) and probably a little overpriced food.
4	This was our last stop on the Urban Wine Walk yesterday, and it was a great place to end the day.  Because this was our last stop, we were too late to get the wine special, however we decided to stay and grab a table on the gorgeous patio and get a (full) glass of wine.  We also ordered some sweet potato fries to munch on.The patio was awesome and I love how the "inside" opened up to become an extension of the patio, or vice versa.  We were lucky enough to be experiencing one of those perfect Arizona days and I felt like I was sitting in a good friend's cute, cozy backyard . . . with table service.  Speaking of the service, no complaints from me!The original plan was to get dinner, but the wine, fries, and good conversation were enough to fill us up and take us to the end of the night.  I can't wait to go back (soon, to enjoy the patio) and try all of the delicious food I was reading about on the menu and now in everyones reviews!
5	When you take a look at a place like Hula's and see that it has eighty-eight reviews it makes you think, does it really matter if I put in my two cents? Well maybe Hula's doesn't need my cents, but they are well deserving of five stars and a few dollars. I am not a huge Yelper. Okay scratch that. I am a huge Yelper but not a very good one.  I love looking at the events and use it to gage the places I venture to, but you will never find me on a forum and rarely writing a review. I decided that Hula's was worth that rare occasion. Like I said I am a fan of the Events page so I decided to try out Yesterday's Urban Wine Walk. I'll admit that the walk turned out to be a bust for my friend and I (for reasons of timing not event qualms) but Hula's was the best part and made the walk attempt worthwhile. The wine was great and our friendly server was more than willing to describe the options and chat about a great place to find a good Malbec. Thanks for the tip. My favorite wine was the Carmenere they were offering. My friend was a fan of the Fume Blanc.  The only thing we had time for was a starter and we went with the spicy Thai fish cakes, which were amazing. Perfect size and flavor and presented as if it was the after shot for a cooking demo. I have been wanting to try Hula's since they opened and I am willing to admit that the walk was my excuse to get down there. Now I know there is no excuse needed and I will definitely be heading back down for a full dining experience very soon. I suggest you do the same.
4	Food is yummy and drinks are just as good.The seaweed salad is one of the best I have tasted in the valley. I like mine a little more dry but the flavor is spot on. The Poke is great and I could eat it as a meal. Did I mention that the Poke taste like a little piece of Hawaiian heaven?I had the blackened fish which was good. It had some mango salsa on it but I am not a big mango salsa fan so I had to put that to the side. The Poke alone has me hooked on this place.The architecture of this place is pretty cool... It was different and a good topic of conversation when you're on a first date. Even the bathrooms are done up pretty nice. I like the tongue and groove wood panels that go half way up the wall. Very nice touch! Even the sink was unique. The only thing I did not like were the sweet potatoe pomme frites (french fries). They were soggy... and that is a personal thing... I am not a big fan of soggy fries. I like my potatoes to be croquant (Crunchy).
4	I sit here wobbling between 3 and 4 stars...it is solidly a 3.5. This was my second time here during their relatively new brunch service. First time I stopped in and enjoyed a cocktail (Mai Tai), which was superb, very well mixed! I stopped in again this past Sunday for the more full brunch experience. I ordered a "Pain Killer" to drink (Rum, Pineapple and Orange Juice with Coconut) and the Hula Burger, added cheddar and fried Spam...yes Spam. Who needs bacon when this is an option. LOL! Yeah so I was not counting calories or fat for this meal but, why am I justifyin' this to you. LOL. The burger patty was thick and quality beef, the grilled Maui onions superb and the special sauce was better than I was expecting. It was an aoli with fresh ginger, garlic and stuff (I feared it was going to be sweet originally), I was pleasantly pleased. I had to eat my burger in pieces this thing was huge and juicy. I will definitely be back again...their brunch cocktails are super and I like the open airy atmosphere of the place as a whole.
5	Love this place! I live 20 minutes away, but my girlfriend and I go there at least twice a month.Hula's has a great patio/bar atmosphere. They serve 4 different fish (and tofu) cooked 5 different ways. Tonight I had the Mahi with the Macadamia Nut crust preparation, which comes with a spicy mango salsa, sticky rice and coleslaw (which has something in it that makes you ask yourself how they make it!).The restaurant is right off the Light Rail line and perfect for casual dinner with friends. Oh - and you have to try the sweet potato fries... yum!
5	Hula's is bringing a needed island flare to the valle of the sun.  The staff are incredible, the architecture and layout is amazing and then the food and drinks.  Oh man.  Start off with a Pink Bikini or a Painkiller to get you going.  They are perfect.  Every time I drink the painkillers it brings me back to Jost van Dyke where the drink was invented - the Soggy Dollar Bar.Then on to food.  From incredible barbecued pork tacos to juicy burgers and even vegetarian fare you will not be disappointed with the menu here.  Try the sweet potato fries at the bar while watching old Gilligan's Island re-runs on the plasma TV.  It's always a treat to go and very close to the light rail.  Phoenix could use more restaurants like this, bringing good friends together for casual dining.
3	I have passed this place many a time, mostly when they are closed. So last week after my in-home massage, it was finally the right time. I didn't feel like doing anything but eating and chilling. On our walk over the place looked very inviting. I'm a patio person, so they had me at the entry point. They have so many tables and chairs in their humongous patio! My favorite sitcom, Gilligan's Island, was playing on the tube in the bar area and the Tiki torches were lit. It was a nice ambiance with the big fire pit, kinda felt like I was in Hawaii, except for the metro in the backdrop (oh how I love thee Metro!). It was around 7:30pm and there were a few people sporadically place around the fire pit, so it was sure to be a great night. I was in the mood for fish tacos and had the Hapu fish tacos (delicate white fish) which was served with black beans, topped with a drizzle of sour cream, both served atop white rice $13. Most of my food was served just lukewarm, but i overlooked it and piled the salt on the rice and beans after my first taste. It tasted much better with salt, even though I'm not really a salt girl anymore. The fish tacos were kinda pricey but i figured it must be DELICIOUS. The rest of the menu was a little higher than usual, especially when the food is served by a food server with a dirty white kitchen towel slung over his shoulder. I cringed when I noticed my sisters Ceviche chips were touching that nasty towel. He noticed me notice it, then left the chips on the plate and brought out a little dish with fresh chips. That was too much for me, because in a fish restaurant you never know what kind of stuff ends up on them there rags, but it wasn't my plate and she was okay with it, so we moved on. The spring mixed salad was an instant fav, with its shredded daikon root vegetable tasting so deo and the delicious ginger dressing. It was the first time I had been served a spring mix with romaine lettuce thrown in the mix. I didn't let a bit go to waste. The fish tacos were drizzled with a sweet dressing over the slaw of cabbage and it was a little weird for me, as i'm used to having a tasty salsa drizzled over the tacos with some citrus. I cut the fish in halves and made two tacos into four. I guess for the amount of slaw the price was on the money, but I wan't too happy with the rag touching the food. Other than that a touch back when the food is dropped off might not happen so make sure you ask for all you need at the order. I will definitely be back, but next time i'm sitting at the bar.
5	Hula's Modern Tiki is awesome! We went there for brunch on Sunday morning and we have zero complaints. Lets start with the all day happy hour on Saturday and Sunday.... who can be disappointed with $2.00 mimosas? They were in a small flute which went down quite quick and easy, then we went for the house made bloody mary - simply delicious!! The food was great... ahi eggs benedict & the hula hangover was what we finally decided on, but can't wait to go back to try the next thing on the menu! We were also excited to see it was on the metro-lightrail route. The architecture was cool and it was a beautiful day to sit out on the patio. We couldn't stop talking about it the rest of the day... it was yummy and a delightful experience! We highly recommend it :)
5	we had a coupon to try this place out for brunch. must have been a popular coupon because they were sold out of breakfast items and mimosa's. the place is so cool and tiki-ish. i love the old tiki mugs. the brunch-lunch was not overwhelming and yet tasty. i had the fish taco's, she the tofu taco's. i thought mine were pretty good and loved the sweet potato fries (as usual). the rest of their meat and non-meat food looked also delicious and we hope to hit this place up again soon. since we had the coupon, we only paid 2 bucks!
5	I love this place!  The food is AMAZING!  Definitely a must visit!!!
3	Went on Sunday during the Groupon rush, took 1.5 hours to get our food, during of which we got 2 mimosas before they ran out and had to upgrade to some beverages that were quite a bit more.Food was ok, but considering the reviews prior I was a little let down. On one hand I can expect that things might have been off because of how busy they were but on the other hand that should be expected and planned for. As a Chandler resident we might make it back, but we will see.
4	As a frequent patron of Hula's I figured it was about time to write a review. As other yelpers have found, based on the four star rating achieved, this place is a good find. Your often greeted by a man in a Hawaiian shirt with a smile and a friendly hello. If you are lucky, this is the person who will be making your drink(s), because he is one of the best bartenders in the valley. Future patrons would be wise to let him know what you like and leave the rest in his hands. The patio is not only spacious and comfortable, but somehow shielded from the sounds of central avenue traffic. While I certainly prefer to enjoy Hulas on the patio, the architecture of the inside is amazingly well presented, as an extension of the patio. The food is certainly solid with certain stand out menu items like the Poke, pulled pork and the ahi eggs benedict for brunch. Obviously being a bar, the main attraction are the libations being poured, but its important to have food that compliments the both the vibe and experience and Hula's achieves this with gusto. Highly recommend this place if you are in the central corridor looking to cool down on a hot afternoon or celebrating Friday night with your friends late night.
5	Look at my pic of the mango ahi caesar salad.DELICIOUS!Best caesar salad ever.The large bartender in the Hawaiian shirt was awesome, attentive, and super friendly.I shall return many times.  I'm anxious to try brunch and dinner here.  Yay Hula's!
2	"Meh. I've experienced better." = definition of 2 stars. That is pretty much it in a nutshell. I was looking forward to dining here. Things started off well, the ice tea was tasty, I loved the space and the overall concept is great. I decided on the Black Bean Burger, even though the waiter could not tell me for sure what was in it and didn't even bother to ask the chef. Bland, Dry, and Boring. Topped with rubbery Shitake Mushrooms and a greasy bun.....sigh.....I was looking for excitement, I wanted to be wowed, nothing happened when I put this food in my mouth, I was extremely underwhelmed. My husband ordered the fish tacos. Served along side a pile of sticky rice topped with black beans and mayo? The rice was gluey, the cabbage in the tacos was soggy, it did not taste fresh at all. The sweet potato fries were not bad, they were served with the "Hula Sauce" which is ketchup, mayo and pickled ginger. Its flavor way OK but became cloying after one of two bites. Something is just missing here, if you read the menu, it has potential for greatness, but ends up leaving much to be desired. Sadly it looks like enough people like the sub par "Bar Food" that Hula's won't be likely to make any changes. :-(
4	I would like to give Hula the bar (and place for burgers) 5 stars, but Hula the brunch spot, 3.I have always been served a strong snd affordable drink here, and the bloody mary was no exception, but it was a little watery and could have used a celery stalk. Though for only $5, I shouldn't complain. I got a little buzz, and that's admirable in a bloody mary.I ordered the special omelet, which this weekend featured shrimp and a grilled mix of peppers and onions.The good: the portions were healthy and the eggs had a good "fried in butter" flavor. The shrimp were perfect, not at all  dry or bland.The hasbrowns, however, were pretty oily and otherwise unremarkable. Next time I would probably sub for Hawaiian toast and fruit.The omelet had a sweet sauce. The server said it was mango, I believe. Regardless, it was distracting and didn't add to the eggs well at all. Otherwise, the crowd was lively and personable, if a little over-tanned and "out to be seen." just like the other places on this block, it is loud, so don't come for romance or a lounge scene. And unlike most spots that could be described as "trendy" the staff here is approachable and laid-back.I was stoked for another breakfast spot in the hood, but would probably return to Maizie's next time.Luckily, there's always after dark. The nighttime scene here is great, and I definitely think they do a better burger than their neighbor.
2	Hula's looks like a great, retro place, and my experience since moving downtown last summer is that the restaurants in the area have friendly, attentive staff and interesting, delicious food. My boyfriend and I have been saying for months, "We REALLY need to go to Hula's!" So to celebrate the end of finals, we finally got the chance with another couple.Hula's was one of the biggest disappointments of my life. My boyfriend and I got there before our friends and were told to select wherever we wanted to sit. So we did. And then no one looked at us again for a good 15 minutes. Finally another waitress who had a section nearby took pity on us and got us water and our drinks. Finally the person who was apparently our actual server appeared. By this time, our friends had joined us, and we realized it was colder than we thought and that we would be too cold to enjoy yourselves outside, so we moved to a table inside. Our server was very cooperative about this, which is why this place gets two stars instead of one (plus the margarita was yummy, and my boyfriend's "Zombie" was strong). The menu looks delicious, and I was hungry, so I decided to get the calamari. Our food took a rather long time for a pork dish, two fish taco plates, and calamari. And when it arrived, it was... ok. It was just ok. The menu had so much potential that I think that made the let down just that much more saddening. It didn't even look that great. I was looking forward to having non-breaded and friend calamari, but even pan seared, it was just so... ok.Aside from the neglect we earned when we first arrived, the servers are not knowledgeable about the menu. Our friends had been there before, and for them, this was strike three. They said the first time they were there, the server didn't know what beers were on tap. There are two beers on tap. One is an IPA, which the server apparently described as "skunky." Way to sell it.After finishing up, we went to George and Dragon, then to Dick's Hideaway and its companion, Rokerij. There, we had excellent service, food that tasted as if the angels prepared it, and terrific wine. And the more we thought about it, the more convinced we became that we will not be giving Hula's another shot.One star is for the atmosphere, and the other is because my margarita was not overly sweet like so many are, and our server, when she showed up, was nice about us switching tables. But a restaurant in the downtown area cannot rest on those laurels alone. Hula's is really going to have to step up its game, but I won't be the one to test it out.
4	Went for brunch and had a very good experience.  Hangover hash is delicious, but make sure to get the hash extra crispy.  Ahi Benedict was tasty as well.  $2 mimosas were a great deal + excellent staff
3	My friend and I had dinner here on Saturday night.  The weather was great and we were able to score a nice table on the outside patio.The service was quick and friendly.  I had a beer and my friend had one of their specialty rum drinks that he liked a lot.  I ordered the blackened hapu fish plate that came with wasabi mashed potato and greens.  The fish  fillet was a fairly thin and I think that may have contributed to it being a little overcooked.Overall it was a good experience.  Probably more due to being out on the patio and the good service rather than the food.
4	I heard about this place and what doesn't sound appealing about a Hawaiian themed restaurant?  We walked in and were shocked at how packed the patio and restaurant were.  There was a very short wait that we spent checking out the awesome bar.  We sat down and I loved all the tiki men statues lining the walls.  We ordered two drinks that were both fruity and delicious, 1 of which came in an adorable tiki shaped glass.  We started things off with some delicious sweet potato fries, and I got the shrimp tacos and my friend got the macadamia crusted halibut, I tried a bite of hers and both were delicious!!!  I can't wait go back with a big group of friends so we can check out the bar a little bit more next time.
2	On balance I liked Hula Modern Tiki and would return.  That being said, my experience with Sunday brunch at Hula was rather hit or miss.I debated between 3 and 4 stars in large part based on the service.  For a moment I considered giving them the benefit of the doubt because they were pretty busy and giving them the fourth star.  But service should be just as good when the restaurant is busy right?Then came the goo.I had French Toast with thick sliced bacon and maple syrup (according to the menu).  The French toast was very good.  The bacon didn't arrive and I had to ask for it - when it arrived it was good, no big deal.  The big deal to me was that the menu said MAPLE SYRUP.  The French Toast did not come with MAPLE SYRUP.  It came with some gooey, thick, out of the bottle syrup.  I'm sorry but maple FLAVORED syrup is not MAPLE SYRUP or anything like it.  FAIL.  I would not have ordered the French Toast if I knew it was being served with corn syrup instead of MAPLE SYRUP.If you are not sure of the distinction here Hula, go somewhere that has crab on the menu.  Then, instead of succulent and tender crab have yourself some of that KRAB that is some unholy amalgam of whitefish, miscellaneous proteins and crab flavoring.MAPLE SYRUP is runny.  It comes from Maple trees, not corn fields.
5	Now the reason why Hulas doesnt have a higher rating is beyond me. This place is amazing and seriously they have a hard clientele to deal with. The food is amazing and you get to dine in a upscale hipster spot for a decent price. The fish is always fresh and I recommend the butterfish with the coconut crust its sweet and buttery and amazing. I'm also a huge fan of the wasabi mashed potatoes. I have never had a problem with the freshness or qualitly with my burgers or steak either and they have ALWAYS been cooked to my liking as I find that alot of resturants in Phoenix will scorch the heck out of a piece of beef and then you get this black piece of grizzle and Hulas doesn't do that.Ahh..the drinks..strong delicious cheap big. If you go with friends get the scorpion bowl its a huge bowl of liquory goodness that comes flaming with these huge straws to drink out of. The pink bikkini Martini tastes like a watermelon Jolly rancher too and its awesome. The waitstaff is amazing too ask for Tia and you won't be disspointed. She IS the best server and guarenteed to please, and Selena and Ron at the bar will keep you entertained and happy for hours. Ok now seriously 2 stars for syrup???? Are you kidding me??? Comparing crab to syrup? I have had the syrup and its awesome its REAL maple syrup and its maple and buttery so settle down and relax. If you THAT fanatic and hung up about syrup and its flavor why dont you go to IHOP on a Sunday morning and get yourself some Boisenberry and leave the good people at Hulas alone.
5	This is my new favorite place!  I have been 4 times now, and just simply love it. I mean I went on a Saturday and always myself there the very next day, its just addicting. Three out of the 4 times I've been I've sat at the bar, and the bartender, is great.  He's always got suggestions, tells what he likes, his fav's what he's had and hasn't had and why.  He's even got suggestions on the very cool all day (10:30-7pm) happy hour drinks on the Saturday/Sunday menu.  What a deal!!The food I've had is outstanding.  One thing I'll never forget is the butterfish, that was melt in your mouth delicious!  The wasabi mashed potatoes was not what I thought they would be so at first I was disappointed.  I expected them to be spicy and creamy, but then I sat and thought about it again, and said wait, these are exactly what they should be, Mashed potatoes infused with wasabi, kind of like cucumber water.  I believe I just had the wrong idea to begin with.  The seaweed salad is a great starter, a huge portion and tastes like seaweed salad.  This was my pre-Brunch visit.So this past weekend I tried the Brunch.  Saturday's visit was later in the day and I'm not much of a breakfast person, so I went with the Fish taco.  Another fish done well, perfectly done and seasoned.  Much to my surprise they give a little bit of what appears to be homemade salsa, that goes with it and is yummy, i found myself trying to figure out exactly what was in it so I could go home and duplicate.  My boyfriend had the pork taco's, and I really enjoyed the pork flavor.  I was expecting greenchilli ish type flavor, but it was very sweet barbequey.  The black beans and rice aren't anything special, but not gross either.  Then Sunday I tried the Ahi Eggs benedict.  I was so scared, as I said I'm not a huge breakfast fan.  It was awesome.  Very very good flavor.  It got cold real fast, but that's my experience with eggs..Recommended Drinks:I think I've tried at least 2 other drinks from their menu, but I can't remember what they were called...but these are the ones that are normally at my table:Hurricane, Tiki Bastard if you like Gin, Blood Orange Martini, Mai Tai, and you must at least once try the Bloody Mary.  I believe they make their own mix, it's got a bunch of horseradish bits in it, and is very different.  Its definitely missing the worchestire, but was actually not bad with out it.  I agree it isn't for everyone, but I had two.
3	Went here with friends to use a groupon for Sunday brunch. The wait staff left something to be desired, but the food was decent. I had the french toast which was really sweet and I don't find too many things that I think are too sweet, but I couldn't finish it no matter how much I wanted to. My friends had the massive breakfast sandwich which I sampled and thought it was really good and my other friend had the breakfast hash and said it was only 'ok' not great. The bacon is the best I've had in a long time; really thick and cooked to perfection! The waitress didn't notice that the glass of water she served my friend was majorly cracked and we had to ask about the specials after she took her time coming over to take our drink and food order. The atmosphere and decor was fun. Not sure if we'll go back when I'm in town next, but I'm open to giving this place a second chance.
2	Business owner has indicated the customer service issues will be addressed with the affected employees. I appreciate the restaurateur's followup.
5	I am from Santa Cruz, CA and this place is a taste of home. When my cousin, who used to be a bartender at the Santa Cruz local, told me they were opening a place in Phoenix, I was SO HAPPY!!!My favorite things are the Poke appetizer (seriously the BEST EVER), sweet potato friends, fish cakes, and DR FUNK! I could drink Dr. Funks all day long - nothing but coconut pineapple cocktail goodness! I could swim in that stuff it tastes so good. In fact, that's what I want for my birthday - a kiddie pool filled with Dr. Funk!On the Santa Cruz menu, they have beef satay and ahi rice bowls that are amazing - I wish they were on this menu as well.The ambiance is more "posh" than the Santa Cruz restaurant. I love the outdoor patio -it may be one of the prettiest I've seen in town. I will go back to this place every time I miss home.
5	We went there on a Friday night with my whole family to celebrate my birthday.  No one in our group had ever been there before, so it was a treat to try out a new place... but, also, sort of a gamble, because we weren't sure what to expect and we have quite a few picky eaters in the bunch.  To my surprise and pleasure, everyone thoroughly enjoyed their meal!  I got the Luau Pork Sandwich, which the menu claims to be "heaven on a bun" and they were not lying!  It was so delicious.  The boyfriend got the Bali Hai BBQ Ribs and the meat was literally falling off the bone.  It was perfectly cooked.  His only complaint was that the sweet potato fries were too sweet and didn't go with the ribs.  I think he would have preferred the wasabi mashed potatoes instead.  I wanted to order one of everything off the drink menu, because I couldn't make up my mind.  Everything sounded good!  Our waiter was so attentive.  He very discretely circled around his tables every few minutes or so to make sure everyone was taken care of, but he didn't interrupt the meal, unless, of course, you flagged him down for something.  It was a really great experience and I can't wait to go back there again!
4	I've wanted to try this place for a long time and finally go around to it this weekend. It was the perfect weather to enjoy on their patio. The patio really makes the place. We sat there and started with the abalone style calamari. I was really good- long strips of calamari flash fried and sitting in an amazing sauce. For dinner I had the butterfish miso-style and it was  pretty good as well. The coleslaw and rice left much to be desired however. My honey had the fish sandwich with sweet potato fries and it was good-the sundried tomato aioli spread really made the sandwich. The fries were good, but not as good as other places and the dipping sauce was just ok. All in all it was a solid dinner.  I want to go back and try more things. it isn't on my list of favorites but I really think Hula's has great potential. And I would definitely hit it up for happy hour.
3	I work literally right behind this place down on Highland, so of course it's been teasing me with a packed patio at about 5 pm everyday as I head towards the train to go home. I went yesterday during happy hour for our volunteer appreciation/camp wrap-up party and it was...ok. We started at about 4 and it wasn't too busy but but the end of happy hour the place was packed, inside and out. Being that its 50/50 inside and patio, I would definitely make it there in time to get a nice seat inside this time of year, as it would suck to sit outside right now. I totally dig all the old movies they play up on the tv bar and wall, it adds a nice sense of style to the place and the tunes weren't too bad either. Yes, they have an extensive list of specialty drinks. Because this was the case (and our org was picking up the tab), I thought I would break out and try a new flavor of beverages. I had the Dr. Funk and I also tried the one eye'd pirate. Both were pretty good but were pretty light on the alcohol. At $5 a pop it ain't bad during happy hour, but considering the amount of liquor, it doesn't surprise me how cheap it is. The beer list is also a great selection, which is what I eventually turned to.We also tried some of their happy hour dishes; crispy shrimp rolls, fish cakes, pork tacos, and sweet potato fries. All weren't bad but nothing really stood out to me or made me wanting to come back again. Although I have heard great things about their regular food...Perhaps I'll try that next time.One great thing about this place is they select different valley organizations and charities to benefit one night a week, for a selected month. Portions of proceeds on Mondays in June go to Free Arts of Arizona, so please go try them for yourselves.
5	My picks:Dark & StormyThe Pink Bikini Abalone Style CalamariCrispy Coconut Shrimp RollsMacadamia Encrusted ButterfishThe happy hour is a steal and I love that they have a dog friendly patio!
3	If you're looking for a fabulous patio, you have found the place.  Tiki has a full bar and a great indoor/outdoor atmosphere, this is a great happy hour or group kind of place.  I agree with most on here that the food was ok.  I had the tofu with a lemon sauce and it was good, but not nearly as flavorful as others I have had at other restaurants.  I could see this as being a place to meet for happy hour, informal meeting or just day drinking, but I wouldn't stay for dinner.  Neither my guest or I were blown away by the favors of the food, but the drink menu and atmosphere were wonderful.
5	I have absolutely fallen head-over-heels in love with Hula's for so many reasons! Let's just go over a few:-The amazing tofu tacos-The "I'm-gonna-fuck-you-up" Scorpion Bowl (they light the 151 on fire!)-The kick ass happy hour-Outdoor seating with misters-Sweet potato friesThis is a really laid back environment with a lot of options for veggies AND vegans, and they have really awesome drinks. Do yourself the favor and head here with a group of friends and split the scorpion bowl. You can thank me later, just be prepared to call yourself a DD.
5	My friends Steve and Liz live on the light rail route and introduced us to Hula's earlier this year and my hubby and I are hooked!  Get there before 6pm Mon - Friday and enjoy their nummy happy hour specials.  I order 2 pork or tofu tacos for $3.00 each and I am stuffed!We were there again this past Saturday and I tried their Johnny Cakes for the very first time, which is a Jamaican corn bread and it's the best corn bread I have ever eaten.I am suppose to be on a diet, but when someone mentions Hula's I make sure to make exceptions for this place, even if it's the only meal I eat all day.Also, all the waiters, waitresses, and I think the owner Dana are always so friendly and welcoming that it makes you just want to stay there longer than intended.
2	HIT AND MISS. MOSTLY MISS. GO FOR THE TUNA STARTER AND ORDER A DOUBLE PORTION; REAL HIT!THE FOOD-- tuna sashimi dish is great value, great flavors. order it.-- coconut rum with watermelon liqueur a winner, if only the bartender would remember to add the fruit. do you need a recipe book?-- hash with eggs arrives eggs-over-hard despite my instructions for easy-- toasted english muffin slathered with butter, but not toasted.-- chicken salad's chicken was bland except for the rub on the edge. boo.-- taco plate features raw, unprepared corn tortillas. yeah, i can pull one from the bag and dump something in it too! why would i pay for that?-- salsa too salty-- cole slaw just not interesting, ends up a plate filler. blech.THE DECOR-- hip sealed concrete, bulk tiki statues everywhere, and faux Eames chairs complete the hip look, framed by Green-Apple table shades and roll-up garage-door walls.-- designers kept the awesome hexagon street-facing window and high ceilings in the bar area. kudos.THE REST-- starting to develop a pet peeve for "sauces" delivered via ketchup squirter bottle atop my item or side dish. IT GOES UNDERNEATH THE ITEM OR NEXT TO IT! OR IMAGINE.... IN IT.-- no reservation taken unless you've got six in your party. BOO. be ready for 30-minute wait in summer when no one's sitting outside.
5	Ada G. took me here before we saw Chelsea Handler so we could get appropriately lubed up (thank you Dr. Funks) and the food is awesome. They have the best poke in town and we shared one of their fish (fishes?) too with the lemongrass coating and it was equally delicious. Their patio is beautiful and contemporary but still casual at the same time. Definitely hit their happy hour because that's the happiest time of day anyway and you mind as well spend it here enjoying delicious eats and tasty libations.  (By the way, why is someone complaining that this is not authentic Hawaiian food when at the same time they ordered a New York Steak sandwich?  Does someone have their crabby pants on or is a geography lesson in order?)
3	Nice atmosphere. Burnt burger. The salad and the chicken dish were really tasty, tho.
5	Sometimes a restaurant is more than the sum of it's parts. The outdoor patio is a great place to enjoy a leisurely meal. Start with a Mai-tai and the poke. The poke is always fresh and wonderfully tasty. A little more avocado would help though. For dinner, you can't go wrong with the burgers and get the side Caesar. Mmmmm. The fish dishes are also excellent but for my dollar, the burgers win out big time here. The ambience is awesome- great art on the walls and the staff is super  friendly. Kyle rocks!! Add it together and this has become my favorite place to grab a bite or take a date.
5	I am a huge fan!!! This place is amazing in SO many ways, first of all the staff rocks! second it is doggy friendly, i love places like that reminds me of being in Europe.. then i have to move on to the cocktail's, yummy!!!! really!!!  And the building is close to my heart! always hs been...I am not putting the food down, it was good, i had some fish with a very nice coconut curry sauce an it came with white rice an coleslaw, umm i was not a fan of the slaw but hey that's really all i can say bad about this place..It is also a great place to ppl watch, every variety of life to be had! i could go there have cocktails on the patio by myself and one of my many dogs an be as happy as i could ever be i think!
4	Can't believe this place put up with the drunkiness we came with! 6 girls, on the prowl--what could go wrong? Not much at Hula's!! Wonderful, affordable food and drinks. My only complaint is we had a reservation and waited around an hour for our table. Not much of a complaint; we sat at the bar and drank ALOT!! Excellent food and service.
2	After a couple of technical complications early in their operation, I've been back a few times and always come to the same conclusion: Go for the drinks, not the food. At first I thought, "Maybe I'm just in a bitchy mood and it's throwing my taste buds off." But I've gone with different people and been mostly in a chipper mood so that wasn't it. Then I thought I was ordering odd items off the menu, but I've tried a variety of items from the brunch and dinner menus and come to the same conclusion. Finally, I decided Hula's is an awesome place to get a great cocktail. It's just meh on the food side. Hula's definitely has one cool patio, amazing architectural features and mighty friendly staff. I just can negate the eating experiences to provide a better rating. It won't be my last time here, so I'm hoping I can update with a more sparkly review.
4	Great ambience, and the Black Scorpion drink is a must!
3	Who knew that there were undercover cops on the light rail who checked if you paid the fare and asked for tickets? Having been thrown off the light rail in front of Hula's, I decided to stop in and have a cocktail. Nattily dressed in my silk Hawaiian shirt, I felt right at home. I ordered one of the more expensive voodoo drinks and was surprised it was served with four straws. My bartender advised it was so big and full of alcohol, it was generally shared among friends, I advised him that I share a lot among friends (including the tab) but not my drinks. Knocking down the cocktail, I decided to cruise Hula's and check out the clientele (particularly any Hula Girls). Regaled in my authentic Hawaiian shirt, I was immediately mistaken as a waiter by the staff and diners. This led to me walking out of Hula's with $200 cash in tips. Needless to say, i will be back with another stylish Hawaiian shirt out of Condor's closet!
4	My final meal before leaving Phoenix, I was turned onto to Hula's because of a random friending on Twitter. Having been to the islands a few times, I was intrigued, and convinced my family to go, and we were happily surprised. i got the Butterfish, done Jamaican Jerk style. The fish came cooked perfectly, smothered in a spicy jerk heavy sauce. One the side, it came with plantains, which were lightly fried( but I suspect they were actually bananas). Crispy on the outside, warm and mushy on the inside. The rice was decently cooked, and had great flavors all throughout. Lightly sweet, lightly spicy, it was great, but certainly could not stand on it's own. The johnny cakes, while flavorful, were very dry for my palette, easily the worst part of the meal. The shining star at Hula's were the beverages. My wife got the Mai-Tai, which was as authentic as the ones we've had in Hawaii, and perfectly mixed. Her second drink, a Watermelon martini, tasted exactly like a Jolly Rancher, if you like that sort of thing. I had 2 drinks, the Zombie and a Painkiller. The Zombie was fantastic, dark rum flavors and passion fruit swirled around in my tiki mug, and mixed with chunks of fruit to make a delicious beverage. However, the Painkiller was much better. Dark rum, coco lopez, fresh squeezed pineapple and oj worked together to make an excellent drink. I wanted 3 more of them, but I needed to get going. When I return from NYC, I will definitely be checking out Hula's again.
5	Why haven't I come here sooner?I decided on Hawaii for our last evening of a three- day weekend ...and it was so worth it.  My fiance, my 10 year old son and I all sat at the bar, played cards, watched Gilligan's Island and laughed a lot.  The drinks were delicious - I had a Pink Bikini and a Dark and Stormy.  My fiance had a beer and my son had a soda...no complaints, and the service was great and the happy hour prices were excellent...Immediately we got our basket of super hot and delicious fries, which my son loved.  We then ordered some Tuna, Seaweed Salad and Thai Fish Cakes.  YUMMY all of them.  Especially the TUNA!My son loves steak, so we shared his steak, the wasabi mashed potatoes and the amazing spinich side veggie.  The steak was huge and very juicy.  Excellent sized meal for a 10 year old to share!We finished everything off with an amazing slice of Key Lime Pie and wonderful zest of LIME!  Loved it all...and I am so happy we finally got around to eating here.  John was our bartender and he was fabulous and very informative - encouraging us to try brunch and other food items on our next visit.  I am certain we will be back...
3	I will apologize in advance to Amber W. who will undoubtedly light my house on fire after reading my dissatisfaction with her happy place, but Hula's really is a 2 1/2 star place to me. I've been several times at this point, and while I'll happily return when I'm in the mood for a fruity over-syruped *strong* cocktail, I will not however be spending my money to eat there again.The first time I went with a small group in the springtime and we sat out on the patio which was a blast. Great ambiance. And two over their 151 packed Scorpion Bowls later, I was sufficiently blacked out. Unfortunately the blackout did not happen soon enough to make me forget the flavorless and overcooked Ahi Wontons i ordered.Second time I went and ate was with Amber W. herself and I ordered the butterfish which was drenched in a terrible thing overbearing cream sauce. I asked for it pan-fried and apparently that is their definition of it- certainly not mine.All in all, Hula's is a fun place to go, hang out, and have a couple cocktails and enjoy the patio when it's not 400 degrees out, but if you're going there with the hopes of being wowed by exemplary seafood, you will be sorely disappointed.
5	I have been back several times & I love it. Food is great & the staff is really amazing. The wine list has really evolved since they first opened. They are not a 'wine bar' but the selections are well thought out, and very tasty. Thanks Hulas for being a unique new addition to the neighborhood.P.S. I am new to this "yelp" thing. So I am not sure if it is appropriate to comment on other yelpers reviews. But in reading through the recent reviews, I was really upset to see that there have been a couple of very mean comments. It seems like maybe these people have there own agenda. It kind of takes away from whole concept of Yelp. *O.K., I will step off my soap box now.Thank you for listening.
4	Most amazing sweet potato fries of my life, though my server was a tad on the rude side.
4	Were able to visit Hula back in early summer before the face melting temps settled in....and super glad we did.The place was very busy and our hope of sitting on the patio was dashed immeadiately.  We did get a seat just inside one of the roll down garage door sections ( which were open).  There might have been some confusion with our waiter or maybe he was new.  Seemed to lose track of us at times and the service was a bit slow.  It was busy, but it seemed a few of the staff was either young and new, or just young and somewhat clueless.We really like good Mai tais. Very few places make good ones and we never order them at a bar.  The Hula's Mai Tais were more than adequate! Each of us enjoyed the two we drank and wanted to order a third....except we might not have made it to our car.Poke is another fav of ours....and Hula satisfied that craving too!Saw that they are having a summer special and you can bet we will be taking advantage of that! You won't find us on the patio though....
4	This place was a very nice surprise. Very nice decor with a variety of really good cocktails. The food was also really good, a little pricey but worth every bite. The service was great , the waitress was prompt and she made great suggestions on food. I will most definitely return it was a really nice little place.
3	"Ronald McDonald walked into a bar..." (fill in inappropriate joke here).Seriously, we turned up for happy hour at Hula's on their charity night (nice!) and Ronald McDonald was roaming the place.  I probably would have volunteered to donate extra money, just to avoid shaking hands with the semi-creepy clown... we're eating! I don't want to share the neighboring tables' germs!We found a few cheap bites on the Happy Hour menu - Tofu and Pork tacos, Spicy Fishcakes, and Ceviche.  Considering we had already asked about the gluten-free status of a few items, we thought it would have been nice if our ceviche didn't arrive surrounded by wonton chips - at least mention them on the HH menu, so people know what to avoid!  I really enjoyed the pork taco and loved the fishcakes... YUM!  And I didn't even have to share them (yes, sometimes I use the Husband's GF status to my advantage).  His tofu taco was a little strange.  It had 3 HUGE strips of tofu, lightly seasoned and put on a corn tortilla that couldn't support their weight.  It would have been better with much smaller chunks of tofu, and not to over-do it.  You need to be able to pick up a taco, y'know?Our waitress was friendly enough, but didn't seem particularly adept at her job.  She didn't know the ingredient in many items and our water glasses were sadly ignored.  So thirsty!There are way too many spots in my Central Phx neighborhood that have better food and service, so it will probably be awhile before I venture back.
3	Hula's seems pretty hyped.I had drinks here that were OK.I had food here that was OK.I'll try it again and get an entree, but I'll not likely go out of my way to make it here.
5	Had a great time at Hula's the other night.  I was in town for a few days on business and decided to go for the first time with a few business associates.  We had a round of Mai-Tai's which like previous reviews have stated are strong.  We actually had someone at our table request less booze which to me is refreshing.  I travel a lot and it seems like more often than not restaurants and bars are getting way to greedy when it comes to their pour.  Our server was friendly and prompt and the food was great.  Half of our party was from the island of Maui including myself and I can say we were all surprised at the quality and taste of the poke.   As a group we shared orders of the Mahi Mahi and Ahi which everyone was surprised at really how good it tasted.  Who knew there was good fish in landlocked Arizona. I'll be coming back to Hula's when in Phoenix and would definitely recommend to friends and family.Aloha,
5	Consistently 5 Stars!  Never disappoints...Have been a regular here since they opened their doors.  Pleased to see the place bustling on a Tuesday night - bet the other CenPho restaurants are jealous!NEW MENU ITEM- Edamame appetizer, an absolute must have, the best ever (thanks to Rob, our fave hawaiian-shirt-wearing, daytime bartender/pal for introducing this to us yesterday as it's not on the new menu yet!)  - I'll never eat edamame again anywhere else, it just wouldn't compare!  5 STARS FOR THIS ITEM ALONE!!!Thanks for being here (a nice home away from home!)
4	Butterfish done Coconut Style - WAS AMAZING. One of the best fish dishes I've had in town. The drinks for happy hour were great too! Loved my martini.... yum. Would highly recommend... only oops was when my husband asked for ice with his water, the server poured his 3/4 filled glass into the pitcher and refilled - wouldn't be a problem, except that he had already drank some... So the point - don't drink the water - drink the martinis!
4	Had a great time at Hula... we went for brunch, promptly seated, Drinks were awesome.. food delish.. waiter Kyle very nice
4	I've been here 3 times now. The first 2 for cocktails and a small plate and last time (using a Groupon certificate) for Brunch. The seaweed salad was good and I really loved the plantains. For brunch I had the hula hash- pork with an egg on top over hash browns. SO GOOD! I was not fond of the Bloody Mary, but the mimosa was up to par and only $3.
3	We went for a brunch on a Saturday. I ordered the Hawaiian hash and eggs. My guest ordered the french toast. Everything was good but nothing exceptional. The hash was supposed to be with luau pork. Their version of kalua pork. It was sweeter than anything I have eaten in Hawaii. Literally just days after being in Hawaii this probably wasn't a fair review. Kalua pork should have a bit of salt taste to it. The french toast was very good. Bacon was excellent. Nice and thick and smokey tasting and not too crisp. They have great happy hour pricing. Mimosas were only 2 bucks. And the 2 drink and 2 appetizer deal seemed like a bargain. So in all its a good alternative to some of the usual places downtown, but its definitely not genuine island cuisine.
3	Hula's is vibrant and lovely! It's most def a modern take on retro tiki. And they have two dollar mimosas for weekend brunch, y'all! That's all you need to know about brunch, which is a good thing considering it's pretty bland. We tried the Island Eggs Benedict ($10, with the kielbasa) and the Hula's Hangover Hash ($9). The eggs benedict were done very well, but nothing really sets this dish apart from one you could get anywhere else, even with the atypical meat choices. It was the Hawaiian pulled pork hash that was a total bummer on the plate. The hashbrowns were practically black in some places and mushy in others, and the pulled pork was a mass of dry, bland shredded meat. To top it off, the eggs were done over hard with no runny yolk goodness. Suck.Probably will not return for brunch, but mimosas and tacos may be in my future! The Tiki Time happy hour also shows promise.
4	Went for drinks and appetizers to help benefit Friends of Animal Control and Care and was not disappointed! I am not a big fan of alcoholic beverages but this place made them fantastically. Got the Dr. Funk while my companions got Zombie and Hurricane. All were very tasty especially the Dr. Funk. MmmMMm. The appetizers were well portioned, I got the sweet potato fries and the others got calamri and other fishy foods that I don't eat. No complaints from them so definitely a good sign. Service was great, even though we were doing the special we still received plenty of attention.I will be back but this time to try some food!
3	Arrived in Phoenix early Friday evening and after I had seen Ina ( The Barefoot Contessa) eat some fish tacos I knew I wanted some too. My cousin had told me about this recently opened place that he had only tried once before and said it should be a great choice for Polynesian food. I got the grilled fish tacos which were good good all except for the sides. They ran out of rice ( at least that was what I was told) so I asked for coleslaw  and then the black beans were still kind of hard. My cousin had the pulled pork with coleslaw and rice on the side and that was  good too. Overall my meal was ok and the atmosphere was nice. I admired the misting system especially because Phoenix is so hot. I may try it again on my next visit just to see if they improve.
4	This is a terrific place to get drinks and a bite to eat.   It's perfect for social events like happy hour or a date, or just to chill and watch people.  Strong drinks.  Awesome poke.
4	I stopped by Hula's last week for a quick dinner/drinks with my girlfriend and was pleasantly surprised. Of course it was a bit warm at 5:30 to sit on the cute patio so we opted to sit inside. We did get there during happy hour so we ordered off that menu so we could try different items. For starters we each had a cocktail: She had the Pink Bikini Martini, it was good but tasted like a jolly rancher for sure. I had the Dr. Funk, I really enjoyed this refreshing cocktail and brought me back to being on a beach! Ahh... For food we started with the Hawaiian Ceviche, very fresh white fish in citrus juice, coconut milk, chili, cilantro and garlic. The ceviche was refreshing and light. The chucks of fish were very good size and also you had a nice portion for two people to share. For dinner she had two of the pork taco's and she really enjoyed them. Both tacos were loaded with a ton of shredded pork and salsa on the side. They looked very yummy. For dinner I had the Crispy Coconut Shrimp Rolls and the Spicy Thai Fish Cakes. The Shrimp Rolls were very tasty. They had two rolls cut in half and were cooked and flavored perfectly. The Spicy Fish Cakes weren't my favorite. You got 3 cakes on an order and as they were spicy I felt they were missing something. Not sure if I'd get them again but well worth the try. All of our items were $3 to $5 so the happy hour prices are well worth going and to try a few things. I will for sure go again as some of their fish on their regular menu looked very tasty so I'd like to try other items and take advantage of their cute patio.
4	Just had lunch, on the manager's reccomendation, I had the fish sandwich.  I talked about it all the way back to work.  It was one of the BEST sandwiches I have ever had!  I must say, we had 1 beer, 1 glass of wine, fish tacos and the best fish sandwich I have ever had and with tip it was 50 bucks.  I know good food/service/restaurant space is expensive, but... My only thought on this is for a $10 sandwich...throw in a side salad or something.  Other than that...great job!  I WILL be back for another $10 fish sandwich with no sides!
5	I came back yet again with different friends (I am determined to force all of my friends to eat here atleast once!).My favorite server in the world Tia was there, however we were in a bit of a hurry to make our movie on time, I didn't see her AND there was limited seating as it was kid of busy, we just sat where the friendly hostess told us to.Our new server was almost as perfect as Tia. I hadn't been here in about four months and I was quite impressed that Tia was there and recognized and came over and talked to us.I peeked at the lunch menu and there was an item in there that wasn't on the regular menu. And of course that's what I wanted. I asked our server if instead of the Cajun Ahi Caesar Salad, if I could have the Cajun Shrimp Caesar  salad. She (and the kitchen staff) were very accommodating.I was once again a very happy camper.
4	I went there for lunch and had the awesome Calamari Sandwich!  The Calamari is lightly battered and is in large strips, looking more like a chicken breast than the tentacles I'm used to.  The sandwich was topped with Hula's special coleslaw that gave it a nice bite and crunch.  The Calarmari was tender and not rubbery at all.  The sweet potato fries were great side dish.  An excellent lunch meal.  My only complaint was that I was sitting under an airduct that was dripping water on me.
4	The Mai Tai here is ridiculously good.  I'm not generally a foo foo drink kind of guy but at hula's I make an exception.  For some reason being a girly drink alchoholic is totally acceptable to me here.  If they had a glass covered in glitter and had sparklers sticking out of it I would order it from here.  They are that good.  The food can be a bit hit or miss.  The Calamari is good.  Not what I expected but tasty.  Definitely a favorite come winter time for day drinking on the patio.  Or night time drinking for that matter.  Great decor.  Great firepit.  Love the open restaurant feel with the garage doors open.  I would give 3 stars for food and 5 for everything else.  Weighted, Hula's comes to a solid 4 stars.
3	Hula's was ok.  Some good, some bad.We started with a couple specialty cocktails.  My wife ordered some martini thing with WAY too much sugar.  I ordered something with gin, bourbon, marischino liqeur, and ginger beer - it was very good.As an appetizer we had the white fish ceviche.  We didn't like it, and even left some uneaten.  I can't put my finger on what I didn't like, but it was tart and bland at the same time.  Maybe it was just the big chunks of probably-not-fresh fish.I like how they set up their seafood portion of the menu - 6 fish, 6 different preparations.  I can't remember the fish we ordered, but I do remember it was macadamia nut crusted.  It was almost good.  BUT, a watery relish was on top of it, so half of the fish didn't hav the crunch we like - it was just soggy.  We also ordered outside our comfort zone, and tried the black bean burger.  It was surprisingly good. Crunchy on the outside and moist on the inside, with sauteed onions and mushrooms on top.Some bad, some good = 3 stars.
4	Very friendly staff... I had a Mai Tai.. which was very good.. sometimes they are too sweet but this one was perfect!  For appetizers we ordered the ahi sashimi and spicy seaweed salad.  The salad had a nice kick and the ahi was awesome.. so good we had another order of it.  It was better than any I have had at a sushi place recently.  For dinner we had the butterfish pan fried with a mushroom sauce, rice and subsituted sauteed spinach for slaw.... very yummy and not over cooked.... also had the ribs.. pretty good too.  The patio had a nice atmosphere and misters :)Great experience all the way around.
4	If you are hungry, Hula's will not let you down.  I have wanted to try Hula's for a long time and I am so happy that Groupon offered a deal.  I took my mom for brunch when she was in town.  Very friendly staff and I love the retro look of the place.  The best part....they have Sweet Potato Fries!!!  I decided on The Big Breakfast Sandwich.  Big is an understatement!  This sandwich is huge!  A big helping of scrambled eggs, some bacon and tomato, what else could you ask for.  An awesome breakfast sandwich that went great with my mimosa!My mom went with the Polynesian Chicken Sandwich which was also fabulous.  Just the right about of teriyaki and pineapple piled on grilled chicken.  The pesto sauce was a great touch.  My roommate who is in love with sweet potato fries order a basket along with Island Eggs Benedict.  I will be going back to Hula's soon especially with the All-Day Drink Specials on Saturday and Sunday!
5	I can not say enough about this fabolus spot! From the patio, to the long board bar (and the long board on tap!) I've been several times, and every person ive brought, or come with, loves it. Great date spot, great pre funk bar, or after hours wind down location. Everything on the menu is bomb! From the Shrimp spring rolls, the ahi tuna, the fries (sweet potato or regualr) the hula burger.... OMG... im craving Hula now! thank's yelp, for making me think of this moth watering spot!
5	Aloha, Welcome, Greetings, Salutations and Warm Wishes from Waikiki, Arizona!In my search for German food to "impress" my play-date, I found Hula's Modern Tiki. Yeah, I know, but I already promised schnitzel wishes and caviar dreams, but time was running short to find a decent one in the area. When that fell through, I asked and she accepted food from that exotic and expensive island.A TON of reviews praised this place and the pictures someone took were fantastic. Not to mention we were headed down the street to Amsterdam's for martinis following, so I was game. (Side note, since we were both drinking, a long walk to Charlie's substituted where I could continue being giddy and she could sober up to drive home.)WOW, Hula's Modern Tiki was FANTASTIC! In every aspect: cleanliness, excellent staff, ambiance, location and tasty Hawaiian themed food - but who am I to judge? The last time I was in Hawaii, I ate at Ruth Chris, Dave & Busters and Planet Hollywood. We ordered the basket of sweet potato fries, which she liked more than I did. I didn't have a problem, but they helped soak up the alcohol I had from the Painkiller I heard someone recommend on Yelp.  And that was, in fact a very good drink.I had the Hapu blackened wasabi fish special that came with spinach, onions and so-so mashed potatoes. The fish was, as expected hot, but very good. She had, oh, who knows, I was on my third drink when I finally looked over after saying a silent prayer of thanks that I was driving.The wonderful waitress, Ginger (who reminded me of Elizabeth Berkley - and I'm referring to the "Showgirls" Berkley, which is a compliment) also recommended a Mai Tai - and I must say: I DID NOT like it, so my play-date exchanged with me her Painkiller she had ordered after tasting my first one. It may be, in fact, a good drink and perhaps it didn't mesh well with the fish, but I just didn't like it. This is coming from a non-drink critic, for if I were, I doubt most my mornings wouldn't end up like woodpeckers prefer my head to the tree out back.Apparently they have "garage door" walls that open to a rather large seating area outside during the two months of good weather in Phoenix, so I MUST come back when I can enjoy the outside. The place is very nicely laid out, and is HIGHLY recommended for anyone to come and check it out. My only regret is that I only go downtown, or near it, once every couple months and me and my life-non-partner love to try new places. It would be a shame if I can't come back there soon. Oh, and to the real Hawaii, as well. Hint, hint...
5	I think I may be obsessed with this restaurant. I've recommended it to so many people. It's a retro tiki bar, with really friendly service. I get the fish tacos, and the fish sandwich is TDF too. Also, try the Hangover drink - well, actually try any of their cocktails. Sweet potato fries FTW. They're also accommodating to big parties if you call ahead. LOVE THIS PLACE!
5	Went back to Hula's for a little pre-bday brunch with some family.  6 of us left trashed and full of delicious food for less than 150 bucks.  I'm not talking about lightweights either. We had a pretty serious collection of empty glasses goin on.  The pork hash was delicious.  Eggs came out a little less runny than I would like and they rushed back to grab me some new ones without making me feel like a d-bag.  Hula's is quickly becoming a regular spot for me.
5	I already loved Hula's before even stepping foot inside. I am a sucker for for anything modern, yet quirky and isn't afraid of using a colors besides various shades of "brown" . That being said, my rating may be slightly influenced by the night as a whole rather then Hula's alone - is that allowed? Ah f*ck it, here goes. The first visit to Hula's was a celebratory dinner/drinks with our realtor/mortage broker after a marathon short sale that finally closed. Needless to say we were ready to drink. Too damn hot to sit outside but the patio seems to be where it's at. Started off with a double Mai Tai, it was strong and tasty. The menu has lots of veggie/vegan options and we had some sweet potato fries and wakame salad as apps, both great. One double Mai Tai down the hatch we got some edamame, now all edamame is pretty much the same everywhere I have ever gotten it but this was amazing! I should point out that this was after 1.5 STRONG double Mai Tai's but the edamame had some spices on it that really made it stand out.For dinner I got the Jamaican Jerk tofu which was simple but very good. After reading all the negative reviews on the food I wonder if I have such an underwhelming sense for decent food or everyone else is just plain wrong - jury is still out.At this point in the evening I realize my girlfriend who is 1/2 my weight has kept pace with me and consumed the exact same about of Mai Tai's as I have - uh oh, this could get interesting. At this point we decide to head to Vertigo (if you don't know what it is then you aren't cool enough to know). Half the group doesn't make it there or passes out in a random chair while I hijack the hosts Itunes account to get some decent music playing. The night ended with a barefoot walk to the nearest light rail station and a ride home. What's my point of telling you this story? The drinks are strong, it' a fun place to meet up, and those two combined can really make your evening. Oh, and they have good food, yeah i said it.
3	Pretty good but I get mighty disappointed by jerk that doesn't melt my face off.
4	The black bean veggie burger is probably the most heart un-healthy veggie burger i've ever had, but it was really good. it comes smothered in carmelized onions, sauteed mushrooms, cheese and is apparently cooked on a greasy griddle. i added avocado at my server's recommendation. avocado makes everything better. i didn't order my own sweet potato fries, but scammed a few from a friend. the garlic aioli served with the fries was divine. i'll be back.
5	I know I know i reviewed Hula already, but i can only give them 5 stars at a time and i feel they deserve 100 plus! It was my birthday yesterday and my pick of places to go so i picked Hula! i LOVE, love, love this place. i was lucky girl got the same waitress from before, and her name is Ginger, ask for her, beautiful, on the money with service and sweet as can be. though i am sure all the staff is like that. I got to meet the owner Dana, he is the warmest, sweetest man alive, really! i adore him! We sat outside it was beautiful, the patio had a great mix of all kinds of people, i love that, and someone had there doggy there and i really LOVE that part! I had drinks of course and there is no better place in town for drinks, hands down! They are strong, sweet and will make you go home and do dirty birdy stuff for sure! Dinner!!! AMAZING!!! I ordered fish and picked it prepared jerk style, it was sooo good, i have never had jerk style sauce but highly recommend it. it came with rice and plantains and some thing called johnny cakes i think? it was kinda like cornbread but even better i could eat it everyday! My b/f got the jerk chicken it was so tender and moist and all the flavors blended well together, amazing, i may have to get that next time! We also had a half order of sweet potato fries before dinner, HEAVEN!! and a half order was HUGE, we took some home with us as well as some of our dinner. the sauce that comes with them is sweet and tangy, get them!!! We also had banana cream pie. it is not like the kind you get in the store It was so damn good! it had a half graham cracker half chocolate bottom, then the banana cream part and bananas on top, my mouth was happier than it had ever been! Everyone NEEDS to go here, you will love it and walk away feeling full and part of a caring family. This is hands down my favorite place to go in Arizona! Ohh and i have yet to try Sunday brunch but am planning on it very soon! i wanna take doggies with so they can enjoy as well! Say Hi to Dana while your there he will treat you so good, he took VERY good care of me, Thanks buddy!!xoxoxox Go, right now! this second, ~ ALSO..For the reviewer Patti S.... Harsh, harsh, harsh..I had the Same DRINKS YOU HAD AND THEY WERE FAR FROM BITTER..REALLY? BLOOD ORANGE HAPPENS TO BE ON THE SOUR OR AS YOU PUT IT BITTER SIDE..And the Pinapple taste was there, i had PLENTY of drinks and i tasted it.. There is no way that you can even begin to say the rice was screwed up, really/ i had the same rice you had and it was perfect, maybe because it was not made from a boil in bag you did not realize what REAL rice is.. Please people disregard patty's review, it was her first one, and she is a snowbird from probably south Dakota this place is rocking and happening, and anyways who uses the word ucky/ i would not trust a review from someone \that is that bland..Yeah go back to Trader Vic's nothing like a nice chain restaurant, maybe hit Denny's in the am for breakfast...I give it 100 plus stars....you wanted to try something real and not a casserole and you were far from your safety zone Patti s, that's all, plain and simple...
5	Freaking awesome breakfast, rock solid service, and an amazing building design. This is a winner that is here to stay! I liked everything about this place from the moment I stepped through the door. Worth a trip!
2	I was there Wed nite. I was with the party of 5, and I concur, it was NOT a good meal for any of us. Giving credit were I can, the ceviche, sweet potato fries and shrimp rolls were good. Other than that, the service was mediocre, the ginger in the cole slaw created  a bitter flavor, the sticky rice was not hot and had an added spice that none of us could name, and my pulled pork plate was just plain awful. The meat was smelly and tasted musty. I'll let our other guests describe their own dishes. As for Tracy D, we are NOT snowbirds, rather we have lived here for over 40 years...raised here, and own & run businesses here. We all dine out frequently! I think your comments to Patti S were pretty rude. A review of a restaurant is NOT a personal attack. Yelp was created for us ALL to voice our opinons. A bad dining experience happens. Unfotunately, this was one of those.
5	I loved the layout of the restaurant. Great bar area, with huge window - most of the wall facing Central Ave. which makes for a really nice lit atmosphere. A large long family table which is really fun. Huge patio area with another of the long, large family tables and individual 4 tops. So nice to see so much patio space. Owner has a collection of original Hawaiian trinkets that are really fascinating to see, Food is yummy!! Great selection on the menu. I had the pulled pork sandwich which was so tender & topped with delicious coleslaw that contained ginger. Staff really loves working there. Spoke to waitress in the restroom and she said it is so nice to work at a place where everyone really likes being there and takes pride in the service they give. That was nice to hear. Owners very nice. I will be going back. Only improvement I would make is the signage on the north side of the building. Not easy to read.
3	For those of you who are familiar, this feels like a wanna-be Duke's, but lacking style and food follow-through. I wanted to like this place as i was really craving some good fish, but left disappointed with my jerk-prepared butterfish.  Even the sweet potato fries seemed a little mushy.
5	Favorite place for a Mai Tai : Hula'sFavorite place for a hamburger: Hula'sStopped in for happy hour the other day and we sat at the bar ( our first time doing so)  We were a little confused when our Mai Tais came because they didn't have the dark rum floater...figured they must have just mixed it. Our guess was confirmed when we saw a bartender shake one up prior to serving.  You can get yours "unshaken" if you ask for it.Devoured our small order of sweet potato fries( always AWESOME)...we almost ready to fight over the chance to lick the basket liner!Our Hula burgers came and broke up the fight.  They looked so incredible!  We WERE starving, but that is not why they looked so good.We each got the same burger ( med. rare), with blue cheese, but the mrs ordered a salad and I went with the slaw.We might have stopped to breath, but have no recollection. The Hula burger is one of the best burgers in town.  Perfect shape, super tasty and super juicy. The bun and onions are a perfect match.  The burger was the main event for about 4 minutes.....the world went on unnoticed by us.  Even the cool beach movie with a super young, pre orange George Hamilton became a blur. I almost always try slaw when it is on the menu as a side.  Usually I am disappointed.  It is either not that good, or really good but comes in a micro bowl tablespoon serving. Why?  It is cabbage? Best Slaw in Town: Hula'sNot only was it delicious, it was a more of a family reunion buffet-like serving. YEAH!Another thing...try the Hinano beer.  Good stuff!The mrs. is planning to have one of book club meeting there for brunch one time....I might tag along and see if I can get a burger!   ...maybe I can get that as a loco moco!
3	First I want to thank Hula for saving my date night.  We headed out for Postino Central for their wine and bruchetta special on a Tuesday and were disappointed to find out there was an hour wait.   So we headed up central looking for an alternative. I saw Hula and remembered I've wanted to try it for while, so that's where we ended up.  I started with a blood orange martini and sweet potato fries.  The martini was awesome, but I have to say the fries had potential, but they weren't crispy.  For dinner I had the Jamaican jerk tofu.  It was pretty flavorful and the corn cakes and plantains that came with it were a nice addition.   The meal was good, the service was great and the overall ambiance was chill yet urbane.  It wasn't the best place I've ever been, but I'll definitely go back. I love that there are several vegetarian options to choose from, so I'm eager to see how the other entrees turn out with tofu.
3	I think everytime I've gone to Hula's, I've always had disappointment, even though the fish is probably the freshest, and living on the islands for 5 years, it's the closest but not exact.One sunday evening, I decided to take some co-workers out for dinner.  There were only about 4 tables with people, therefore, "slow" nite.  One co-worker brought her very hungry boyfriend who had been watching the football games all day.  He did ask if it was possible to turn on the game since there was nobody in the bar area watching the "Hawaiian" shows.  The waitress came back and told him the manager would not change it, of course he was pretty irked about it and was making a fuss about the fact nobody was watching Lilo and Stitch in the bar area, I have to agree, seriously Mr. Manager.  The manager never came to the table to explain the reason, but just stared at him who is a big man, who was in fact worried his steak was going to be spit on or something, which again I have to agree, a manager that keeps looking at you with "stink eye" (it's a Hawaiian Pigeon term) , you have to wonder.  It's a game, who cares about hula dancers and fire tossing on a sunday night. Food was good, the wasbi mash potatoes were not that good this time around.  We spent over $100 easily, and never a thank you for coming to Hulas.  Again, local restaurant managers and owners, be aware, some individuals like myself try to support local businesses than chains, but with the service I've seen, may have to take you off my list of recommendations. I did go to a sunday brunch the eggs benidict descent and the waitress was probably the best one I've been waited on..
3	Really wanted to love this place, as I'm drawn to tiki themed establishments like a moth to light.  We went in the early evening (maybe 5:30 or 6) to partake in some happy hour specials and ordered ceviche, one of the house specials.  The ceviche we received had obviously been sitting for awhile, as the fish was mushy to the point that you would've been better off eating it with a spoon - gross.  Luckily, the waitress agreed that the batch was way off and removed it from the bill.  Coconut shrimp rolls were crispy and tasty, and we loved our mai tai and dark and stormy.  We were planning on splitting the macadamia encrusted butterfish with mango sauce, but when we tried it, my boyfriend gagged and refused to eat another bite.  I thought the flavors were a bit strange/overly sweet but would've given it more of a chance.  However, at that time, friends of ours called and invited us to join them at Pita Jungle, so we just paid and left.  Waste of money, but now we know: come here for drinks and cooked apps and beware of the fish!
1	What happened to Hula's?  Went there 6 months or so ago and had a nice lunch.  Went there with friends 2 weeks ago and although the service was fine, two of us had the Coconut Shrimp Roll salad.  We each took a bite and looked at each other, there was absolutely no flavor to the shrimp rolls or the salad.  It's like all their seasonings were stolen.  We put salt on it, but it didn't really help.  As we were on our lunch hour, we didn't want to send it back and have to wait for something else.  But we did fill out the comment card telling them this and I left my email address.  I have not received any response from them.  We won't be going back.
5	This is an great placed. brought to phx from from santa cruz,ca. one the best things that has crossed over to az from cali in a long time. the staff is great! the poke and dr funk are my favorite! ive never brought a guest in for their first visit that didnt return because the food, service and decor are awesome! VISIT HULA!!! another wonderful thing about this great spot is they regularly give back to the community by donating sales to various nonprofits in arizona! i heart hula! and u will too!
5	Now you all know I don't really write Yelp reviews except when I feel like being a complete jackass or showing off my brilliant writing skills, but for once, this is a legit review that I just had to do.  I had been putting off having dinner with a family friend that I haven't seen for nearly a decade for a while, and he finally conned me into it.  Hey, free dinner, I'll take it.  I've been to Hula's a few times, and it's a cool joint with a great patio.  I thought it would be a chill place to go chat and grub on tasty food.  However, it took about 3 seconds for me to realize that my friend was one of "those" people.  Ya know, 9000 special requests, never pleased with anything, and constantly changing their mind.  Basically, the dude that everyone just loves to be at a restaurant with.  A server's nightmare.So as I'm sitting there trying not to smack him, it dawns on me that our waitress, Estelle, is handling this fool with as much grace as I've ever witnessed from a server........She was charming, funny, and when most servers would have tossed a drink in his face or spit on his burger, ok wait........"Double baco-cheese, it's for a cop.""What does that mean, you're gonna spit in it now?""Don't spit, in that cop's burger""I don't want a large Farva, I want a god damn liter of cola!"Sorry couldn't resist the Super Troopers reference.  Basically, she was perfect.  When he wanted a bigger lemon wedge for his water, I almost murdered him, and the only thing that stopped me was her wink, smile, and promise to him that he was about to have the best lemon wedge of his life. The food was good, but the experience in general started out daunting and Estelle was a champion.  The next time you're headed to Hula's, I recommend that giant bowl of booze, and I also recommend checking for open tables in Estelle's section.
5	Great ambiance....Romantic... if thats what you are looking for. Awesome Cocktails and apps.... Loved the staff.... Bathroom clean as a whistle. Loved the sink in the bathroom Ultra chic... Fresh Fish.... Actually some of the freshest fish in the valley...... Loved it. Will be a regular.... Oh lets not forget the superb pation...
5	Well Dang I guess I wont be first to review haha.....Apparently Hula's reputation precedes it.  The fun vintage atmosphere combined with an excellent wait staff, good mix of cocktails, and a great fairly diverse menu makes this place a 5 star in my books.....Fun Vintage converted Garage (I think?) a nice older notstalgia with a modern twist the name says it all.....I ordered a Griled Mahi Sandwich, Court ordered a Cheeseburger (we are creatures of habit)......let me tell you it may have been one of the best meals I have ever had.....literally.The drinks were very well mixed (yes it was the middle of the day but were no drunks...) Just strong enough but you could taste the layers....and they knew how to make a fogcutter which is a staple of 1950's Tiki bars.Sweet potato fries with Wasabi Ranch Dipping sauce gets extra point for being unique (as if 5 stars wasn't enough).I do think the food has quite a sophisticated taste for being pretty much Burgers and Fries....it was a great lunch although I have heard this place gets elbow to elbow at night and on weekends.......best to hit it up when its not so bust IMHO.Great Value, Great Food, Great Service = Zero Complaints....
5	Be sure to have a Mai Tai. Its so good you can't have just one!!
5	It's really easy to find this place cause of it's unique blue symmetry shapes. When I first walk in I immediately felt really comfortable as I saw the fire pit and lots of umbrellas and table outdoor. They also have a bar area and indoor as well. After tried 4 appetizers that they had, I concur this place is one of the coziest place in Phoenix that serves a superb meals :) I loved their pork tacos and would be coming back for more!
4	Hula's always get's mixed reactions from people I meet. They either hate it or love it. I have converted.My first experience at Hula's was not the best.. so I wrote the owner a letter. He comp'd my next meal and has recognized me since. Their service is great.I've only come here for brunch -- so that's the reason for 4 stars. $2 Mimosas? YES PLEASE.My favorite FAVORITE item on the brunch menu: Ahi Tuna eggs benedict. AMAZING. I dream about it. Best!
2	The food wasn't nearly as impressive as the decor, glad the service made up for it. The pineapple wine was delicious.
4	DEELLISH and EXCELLENT SERVICE!  I would even say this place has a view b/c you can sit inside/outside.  I bet this place would be great for a weekday happy hour.I took my mom and sister there for brunch on Saturday and they loved everything.  I ordered the delicious french toast, mom ordered the polynesian chicken sandwich which was a really large well cooked chicken and my sis ordered the cajun burger which was only just ok.  But the sweet potato fries were great!
4	We sat outside on the patio on a beautiful, sunny, Tuesday afternoon. I ordered a "something pink bikini tini" and it was pretty darn tasty. We ordered the sweet potato fries which were good. The sauce they served with the fries definitely stole the spot light though! It was slightly sweet & creamy. I ordered the Coconut Shrimp Rolls & salad off their lunch menu. They were delicious, but I wish they were a little heavier on the coconut. From the looks of their happy hour menu, it looks like a great deal. I will definitely be back to try out their happy hour!
4	I'm gonna be that girl who writes a review just based on drinking (boo! hiss!) but know that I am wholeheartedly returning to fully review Hula's from soup to nuts.  Whether soup and nuts are on the menu that night or not.From the start, Hula's seemed way up my alley - the fine marriage of sexy-class with kitschy tiki wonder.  The name says it all, and my being a girl who enjoys a little Polynesian flair, I just had to go.  The space is intriguing - like a modular spaceship tucked into the desert, decorated by a holdover from Trader Vics.  I came here to drink while waiting for friends and was bowled over by the Happy Hour prices in correlation to the quality of the drinks.  I had just read a scintillating post on ChowHound about the oft misunderstood Mai Tai - no pineapple juice or grenadine but copious amounts of rum and a bit of Orgeat (an almond liquer).  Hula's is as authentic as they come, addictively drinkable and potent while still maintaining the smoothness and characteristic flavor.  I fell in love.Servers and bartenders are laid back and charming, and the atmosphere is bubbly without being too boisterous.  I'll definitely come back and tuck into food next time, because you all know I can't just sip and dash.
4	Not gonna bother writing a super long and descriptive review with almost 200 reviews before me. Bottom line I liked this place, I will come back for sure! Was told multiple times that I needed to come here and finally did. Had the pork sandwich on the brunch menu and it was really good. The only problem I had with the place was our server was just a little weird, not rude or anything, she just would comment on things that she thought we were looking at on the menu and just kept walking by with her input, but not a big deal. And then not like this place could help it but I was really bothered by the other patrons there, the tables are close so I guess you can hear other people more than you would want to but some of these people were just real stuck up. Being at a trendy place doesn't make you super cool, so just chilax and have a good time or go home. But yeah, not like they could do anything about it, but if your thinking about going and your a snooty brat, just don't.
3	I struggle with Hula's.  I want to like it so much and yet, every time I leave I always feel like my experience was a wash. The good: Their patio is killer.  It's probably one of the best in Phoenix.  They have great happy hours, especially on the weekends.  The menu has some very interesting and tasty sounding items on it.The bad: The service is definitely only adequate.  It is easy to be forgotten about here.  Then we come to the food.  I said everything sounds great, but when it comes to taste, the flavors are just middling.  Nothing pops save for the sweet potato fries, but even those don't hold a candle to the ones at Fez or Delux.  I blame their sauces.Given it's location, Hula's is a good place to go, but don't expect to be blown away by the food.
5	Tiki!  Tiki! Hula's is my happy place.  Delicious food that's fresh and flavorful.  Excellent service, and the signature drinks, Dr Funk, The Painkiller, and others are fantastic, no matter the season.  The Poke appetizer is my favorite, but everything I've at Hula's has been inspiring.  If you're really nice, they MAY even turn on your favorite sports game in the bar just for you!  Hula's... we love you!
4	I've eaten at Hula's Modern Tiki twice, loved it! They have a great patio, attentive servers, and yummy drinks. Happy hour is until 6, great deals on drinks and appetizers. I have tried the shrimp rolls, pulled pork sandwich, sweet potato fries, and mai tai's. I would order them all again. Can't wait to go back and enjoy sitting by the fire outside!
5	Loved this place! The sweet potato fries were yummy, & the small was large enough for 3 of us. The Hawaiian ceviche & the coconut shrimp rolls were DELICIOUS. I washed that all down with a drink called THE PAIN KILLER, lol, but I'm pretty sure it's a pina colada of sorts :)
3	I wanted so much to love this place and tried it on multiple occasions.  But alas, it's just ok.Service is fine.  Bartenders are friendly.  Food is solid, but not exceptional.  Never had anything bad, but never had anything memorable either.  And the cocktails always disappointed.
4	This is such a cool place.  I had to come back to get the full experience.  The retro/hawaiian feel was awesome and they were playing Forbidden Planet on the big screen, so my hubby was in geek heaven.  Drinks are great.  I had the Pink Bikini Martini and my husband the Zombie.  Wow, the Zombie is for serious drinkers, it is super strong.  I guess we are a little bit out of practice.  We'll be back for some more fun.
3	Went for lunch with my husband.  I had the tofu asian vegetable salad.  It was just okay.  The salad was fairly expensive- over $11.  It was pretty small.  I was laughing about it having the word vegetable in it because it contained lettuce, carrots and tomatoes with wontons and fried tofu.  Since tomatoe is a fruit that means the vegetable salad contains exactly two vegetables.My husband got a pork taco with rice and beans.  He very much enjoyed his.I will not go out of my way to eat here again and I certainly would never order that salad again.
4	What a wonderful December evening to have dinner on Hula's outdoor patio. We got there about six, and were seated immediately outside next to the fire pit. I thought we might get to hot, but it was Great seating. I ordered the Blackbean burger and yam fries. The burger was delicious and so were the fries. I'm not much of a fan for mixed drinks, but I did order a glass of wine that was just perfect with my food. The service was great, and I would go back to this place.
5	stopped here on a slow Friday night, on a whim I'm glad we acted upon.we'd driven by earlier in the evening, and I nearly flipped my lid when I saw a classic movie playing on a big screen, in the dining room. I just knew I had to eat here!we sat inside, since it was chilly out(although they did have a fire pit going on the patio, where many people were drinking).the menu was expansive, with fair-to-steep prices(but nothing exorbitant). I had the ahi sashimi(exactly what I'd been craving), and we shared the spicy edamame(SO good, though a bit greasy, but for $5 it was an enormous plate--we brought half of it home, and I finished it for lunch the next day). hubby had the jerk chicken(tender and succulent, served with caramelized plantains, amazing 'johnnycakes'--more like savory gingerbread--and rice with pineapple chunks).best of all? cheap, strong, delicious tiki drinks(and a fantastic, fairly-priced wine list). I had the Zombie--dark rum, pineapple and lime juices. sooo yummy!and as we ate, we enjoyed 'Donovan's Reef', a Hawai'i-based John Wayne film. yay :Dall in all, a fantastic evening...can't wait to return(hopefully, for Christmas Eve)!
5	Super cool atmosphere, phenomenal food and wizardly crafted drinks make Hula's a guaranteed good time for anyone who enjoys the best parts of life! B-)
4	So I had a first date and needed to pick a spot to go.  He was naming the places and I was yaying or naying them.  He said there's a place where you can sit outside and there's a fire pit and I was sold.  I got there first and got us a table outside and under a heat lamp and the wait staff was really nice while I waited, making sure I had everything I wanted.  He got there and we both ordered a beer, and he got the hula burger and I had the coconut shrimp roles with a side of plantains.  The shrimp rolls were good, not amazing but I would get them again and he said it was one of the best burgers he's ever had.  I stole a few fries and they were awesome.  I wasn't that impressed with the plantains- I'm used to a different preparation but they were okay.  I would definitely go back for the great atmosphere and to try out some of their specialty drinks.
4	This place is rockin! It's really easy to make tiki seem really lame, but Hula's does a great job of creating a cool, modern tiki environment. On top of that, the food is very tasty. I had the steak sandwich. The ingredients and seasoning mixed very well together. The steak was perfectly cook and was really great quality. Good prices for what you get.
4	I absolutely love this place. Atmosphere, good food, good drinks, friendly staff. I have been there twice now and have had no issues.
4	Meet with old friends on the patio last night. Even with the rain it was delightful. Our server was attentive and the happy hour bites were quite tasty.  I enjoyed on tap the longboard ale from the Maui Brewing Company, something I've only been able to do in Maui or in a bottle locally. I would definitely go again.
5	So Jamie and I returned, as planned, for Christmas Eve at Hula's. And, as expected, it was a cozy, perfect evening.Our server was friendly and helpful, when it came to my quandary over which new tiki drink to try(I settled on a Mai Tai, followed--after the food--by the Hawai'i 5-0. The Mai Tai was delightfully tart, while the 5-0 was fruity and refreshing.). We also got a chance to chat with the owner of Hula's, Dana, who was friendly and personable(also, seemingly the only business owner who actually reads Yelp reviews).As for food, we shared the whitefish ceviche(a lovely bite from the citrus juices, with a melt-in-your-mouth aspect added by the coconut juice, all accented by the brightness of fresh chopped onions, chili, and cilantro). We also ordered the spicy edamame again--what can I say? I'm addicted! Jamie loved his Cajun burger and totally cleared his plate of fries("they were sooo perfectly crispy"), while I ordered a (giant, $1) bowl of rice.So, once again, Hula's has left us happy and wanting more!
3	I had been meaning to try Hulas for some time, but could never quite make it over.  A friend invited me for her birthday celebration & I immediately RSVP'd with a yes, excited to try a new place.Aside from our large party, the restaurant was relatively empty on a Monday night. Maholo Mondays... fantastic. They donate to a charity every Monday night & pick a new charity every month. LOVE IT!Our server was great.  Witty, knowledgeable, and not afraid to make suggestions.  We had the Calamari appetizer and my boyfriend & I both ordered the Butterfish, but had it prepared in 2 different ways.  Overall, I enjoyed my meal.  The drinks were tasty, albeit a little pricey.  I enjoyed the slaw side, but wish that I'd had something other than plain white rice as my other side.  I do think I'll go back in the future to try more tasty treats!
2	So the drinks are ok and the food is fine and it's conveniently located and the service is good.So what doesn't work about this place?The very notion of postmodern clear-surfaced restraint applied to the inherent and necessary tackiness of a tiki bar. That's what doesn't work.Tiki bars aren't places you see profiled in Modern Architecture. They are the bottom of the barrel of grandiose American bourgeois self-indulgence. Yeah, and the drinks should be exotic and strong. That goes without saying. But you can have a Zombie or a Dr. Funk of Tahiti in any Hilton. You go to a tiki bar to remind yourself of how tacky previous generations were in their attempts to stretch beyond the blandness of plaid polyester slacks from JC Penney and Oldsmobile 88's without leaving Des Moines.  To appreciate the tiki bar today we must approach with irony. However, Hula represents an irony in itself: A contradiction that is unresolved and leaves one asking "why?"
2	In two visits to Hula's, I feel it is a strong two star establishment and there are several reasons why I feel this way.Food quality seemed good, but menu items I tried were fairly bland and not very interesting, though I do find this holds true at many "hawaiian" restaurants. Drinks here are stiff and during happy hour you can pick up a nice buzz for very little money, and this is a plus. The restaurant is nicely designed and modern feeling, hence the name Modern Tiki. Televisions here, I'm assuming, are reserved for 50 year old batman movies, cartoons, and Hawaiian videos, since that's the only thing I've seen on the screens. I never understand movies in a bar with no sound, they don't make very good background ambiance as they are designed to be heard and draw you in. If sports were on, it would be great because you can glance up every now and then between conversations and see whats going on. You don't have to watch a whole plot unfold. My last visit, after a day of mountain biking with a friend on Squaw Peak, we stopped here for happy hour and sat on the patio. They turned on the fire pit for us and even though we were seated next to it, it provided little warmth. The fire pit did however overwhelm us with the odor of propane burning. Oh well. We asked to split the bill, mine card and my friend's cash. We handed the it to the waitress and I said "put the remainder on the card" yet she came back with two separated checks... both charged to MY CREDIT CARD. I asked why I would want the bill split up on my card and where the cash went. She said she thought it was a tip ($13 when the bill was $22) and I said no, you were supposed to take the cash off, then put the rest on the card. Please refund my card the amount of my friend's meal, and apply his cash toward that. She argued thats not right and refunded both meals on my card, took the cash, and said we were good to go. I signed the bill but I wonder if I was ever charged. She was doing her business a disservice with her awful, awful, serving skills.On another visit, the bartender spent my entire time there acting like he was too cool to be at work, I was bothering him by making him do his job, and I wasn't welcome to sit there.This could be a nice spot if they cleaned up the service problems and added a little oomph to the food. For now, I say it's a pretty restaurant with good stiff drinks. Service and friendliness is half the battle though. Unhappy/dumb as rocks staff = unhappy customers.
4	Went there for drinks on New Years Eve.  Our server Ginger was attentive and helpful.  The 2011 NYE proved to be dastardly cold in Phoenix, so Hula was kind enough to move us in to restaurant table (this was at 9:30ish) so our big group didn't have to freeze outside. I enjoyed the Dr. Funk and it was delicious also we sampled the sweet potato fries and thought they were great as well.  Can't wait to make it back when it is tad warmer and enjoy the awesome out door patio and the full menu. Also Hula was easily accessible by light rail, some friends of ours came that way after the suns game.  I felt it was a truly unique kind of place.
2	The place itself was aesthetically pleasing. However, the food is a little pricy and quite greasy. I felt as if I was consuming 1800 calories with each bite of my food (granted, I did get the burger--it is possible that the fish was delicious albeit expensive). I would probably not go again, however.
5	We didn't go in to Hula's for a while because it was right next to the booshy coffee shop and we just don't ever seem to feel comfortable around those crowds. But one day, when we had the night to ourselves, we decided to do a little bar hopping around the 'hood. I am DYING to try the volcano, let me just start with that! We had some good, pretty drinks at good prices, and a basket of sweet potato fries, which were on the house since the waiter forgot about us. GREAT service, btw. We went back a while later with my sister and her boyfriend who loved it. I'm sure we'll be back again as soon as we have another night on our own. Or maybe we'll go with the kids. The set up is awesome, it's 1/2 outdoor which is perfect with the kids, and there's an outdoor firepit and some bike racks. Can't wait to try this place again. I honestly have no complaints.
3	Mildly disappointing overall, based on one dinner visit and the high expectations I came in with from Yelp.  For a fish dominated menu, the aquatic entrees the six of us had were generally pretty boring.  Smallish filets, surprisingly dull sides. Fish apps were up and down. Everything else was A-OK.  Good ambience. The owner smiled and made some small talk.  Our server was decent ( and drop dead gorgeous). Potables were potent - I gleefully endorse the Dark & Stormy, a rum and ginger beer concoction.  I just wish the food was a little more passionate.
5	This is still one of our favorite restaurants.  Thus far I have taken my parents, friends from out of town, book club, my husband/son and just last night I took my brother and his friend from out of town who was able to just pop up to our neck of the woods by taking light rail!I am always impressed with the professional way this bar is run and the fabulous food and the open air environment.  I love the poke, the fish cakes, the french fries, and I nearly always get the spicy shrimp caesar.I highly recommend this restaurant STILL and I am delighted to say they are still open and doing a brisk business every time we go in.
5	We went here last Wednesday and it was delicious as always. All day Wednesday is "Tiki Time" meaning, Happy Hour prices on apps and drinks. I had the luau pork sandwich which the menus calls "heaven on a bun". The meat is cooked perfect, the bun is soft with a little bit of sweetness and the coleslaw is a great compliment.My husband had the steak tacos which he said had great flavor. The patio is awesome and has a fun urban feel. You can see the light rail go by while hearing the bells chiming from St Francis church next door. This is definitely a restaurant to put in your regular rotation!
5	My husband and I have collected tikis for years. When we moved to Phoenix and found this place we knew we were in for a treat. It is now our favorite restaurant! I love that they have vegetarian options. Spicy Tofu Tacos and a Mai Tai, yum!
5	Tiki Time! I highly recommend Hula's. The patio is fantastic with a firepit right in the middle. Happy hour (Tiki Time) features most of their drinks for only $5. The food was fabulous as well. Very casual environment, and great place to spend an afternoon on the patio.
4	Just tried this place for the first time with friends the other night. Lovely atmosphere although its mostly outdoor seating. Had the Ahi Caeser salad which was heavenly. Good drinks as well! A little pricey but a good time none-the-less!
4	Hula's you've won me over.My second visit was brimming with warm friendly service, reasonable drinks and tasty food.The indoor/outdoor blended space here is awesome on a gorgeous Phoenix evening in February!Until next time Hula's!
3	My how time flies.  I remember all the buzz when this building was being remodeled.  Now almost a year and a half after it opened, and a bunch of reviews, I finally had the opportunity to dine here.  I was amongst a Smunch group that met for brunch on a Saturday.  I love the space. A combination of indoor, outdoor and part of both.  The service for our party of about 20 was really great.  Our group consisted of folks from 1 to over 60 and all our needs were well attended to.Their brunch menu consists of items from their regular corporate menu and some special items designed locally.  I chose the Island Eggs Benedict and enjoyed it and the hash browns it came with.  I ordered the decaf and it is the first decaf I have had in a long time that tasted like a real cup of coffee!  At least at our table I heard no big complaints about the food.A couple of things that kept my rating at 3.5 instead of 4:  Parking sucks, this is more important to those like myself not used to uptown/downtown venues. One of my poached eggs was hard cooked in the middle.I would certainly not complain about going here again.
3	I came here the other night as part of a college alumni event.  I have to say that I enjoyed the appetizers especially the sweet potato fries.  They have a fine selection of drinks.  However, I could not figure out what the deal was regarding the televisions.  One large screen television had the University of Arizona game, the other had Gilligan's Island.  On second thought, I think I figured out why Gilligan's Island was on.  After I saw the drink prices and how outrageous they are I immediate thought of Thurston Howell and the fact that the prices seemed to be cheap for him and expensive for anyone else.The atmosphere is standard downtown yuppie with mediocre music.The indoor/outdoor blended atmosphere is unique and useful this time of year, but I am not sure how it would fare in July.So..so..!
4	Saturday & Sunday all day (11ish-7) funday?? What could be better? Well on this past Sunday nothing! Went for a friend's birthday celebration...was my first time going Tiki and I have to say the sweet potato fries and Hawaii 5-0 were a perfect addition to an already awesome day...Let's just say I am ready to Tiki it up again!
3	I love a good theme restaurant, especially ones that serves awesome girly drinks in tiki-cups. My friend, Kelsee I, and a couple others came here for dinner on a busy Saturday night  but were seated almost immediately. The place was packed and was great to sit outside on a cold night. The heater was really hot and could have been turned down a bit.I had the steak sandwich with sweet potato fries and side of sweet plantains. The steak was chewy so I had to cut it up in tiny pieces. I must admit that I had a late lunch so I was not hungry and should have saved room for dinner but everything tasted fine. I really enjoyed the atmosphere and my girly, Dr.Funk drink. Worked up a good buzz.I need to come back for more. Maybe next time, I might be adventurous enough to share a giant fish bowl of booze with the table.
3	Great Atmosphere.  Hawaii five-o meets the desert!!  I love Hawaiian food, but this place offers a lighter side to the Hawaiian life style.  Minus the Spam and Heavy portions of the Serious "plate plate" meal in Hawaii, I consider this place satisfactory.  If you want a taste of Hawaii try the Luau Pork plate.  I had Hawaiian style Roasted pork before, and Hulas is pretty darn good.  Season well, not to salty.  Try the blacken Wasabi Fish, also a good choice.  The decor is what impressed me the most, back in the day restaurant, used to be a mid-century florist.   Adorned in Tiki statues and fabulous outdoor fire pit...
4	I have lived in Phoenix for 10 days and decided to venture out for lunch today. And then, I fell in love. Love the decor, love the vibe, love the staff, love the food. Can't wait to take everyone there. So happy to have this place in my neighborhood.
5	Simply delightful. The hip interior is themed (of course),  but without overkill. I love the unique L-shape building structure that opens up to the patio and fire pit. Large rolling doors open the entire inside- making you feel as though you're actually sitting outside. The staff is friendly, crowd ecclectic. They have great happy hour specials- especially the tofu street tacos and sweet potato fries.
4	Drove here with friends on a whim to check it out.  They had seen it advertised somewhere and wanted to give it a shot.We were greeted by a guy who turned out to be our server (Ronnie) and he was the perfect blend of sarcasm and sweet that you want in a waiter when you are there for drinks with friends.My hubby ordered the pork potstickers and he LOVED them.  I had the mac n cheese (average, but I ate it) and the sweet potato fries (yum!).  Our friends had two types of fish - couldn't tell you what but they devoured it!We had a great night out and will definitely be back.  Thanks!
4	Delicious! Excellent Service! I had the black bean burger and it was very yummy and big!! Also, the sweet potato fries and the greens salad were quite tasty. I will definetly go back.
4	This is only the 3rd time I have eaten at Hula's and this time around it was better than the other two times.  I had the chicken tacos which were really good!  I love the decor of the place and cant wait to go and sit on the patio when the weather get a little warmer.
4	I am FAN! Just not on thursday night.....Happy hour is wonderful.Location is great, as well as the lighting.'tender finds himself in my good graces, very friendly.Scorpion bowl...mmmmmm! All the apps are wonderful...They even have a Justin Bieber "look a like" working there hahah!My favorite place for Tuesday night...stop by and say hi!R\_NOTE: If your the eccentric type and search out for great restrooms...this place and St. Francis are my favorite mid-week places.... ;p
4	I came here for Happy Hour on a Wednesday after a long day to watch a Suns game with a friend and had a nice relaxing time. I love that they have Kona beers, especially because not many places have the Koko brown on tap which is just too delicious to not try if you're a fan of coconut and beer. I also had an order of Tofu tacos that were perfect for a light meal and not lacking on taste. I'll definitely be back since it's in the neighborhood!
4	There's plenty of potential here, and the $2 mimosas on the weekends are pretty awesome.But we waited around 45 minutes for our food. My dish arrived tepid. The Hangover Hash was disappointing, but my wife's Island Eggs Benedict was terrific, with rich and smoky ham. I eat a lot of ham, and Hula's ham made me take a step back. Maybe the late service should be chalked up to a rush or an anomaly, but our server didn't seem particularly aware of how long it was taking, and also didn't seem interested in checking in on us.ADDENDUM: Hula's owner reached out to apologize for our lack of service that day, assuring me they were still working out a few logistical issues. Having worked in the restaurant industry, I'm aware how those things often spiral out of control of the staff. I've waited far longer at places, and part of this review stemmed from the fact our 16 month old daughter was with us, tired and cranky.The truth is, we loved the ambiance and prices. If the food had come quicker, we would've been pleased with the service (we could've had more check-ins, however). I should've emphasized the potential...when the logistics are ironed out, this will be one of the best brunches in Phoenix. As-is, it's really good. (If you don't have a toddler who hasn't napped, that is.)
4	Truth be told, I was holding off on my review of Hula's because I just didn't share everyone's enthusiasm for the place. Without a doubt, the space is cool. The concept is original for Phoenix. But, I'm not big on super sweet drinks so their signature cocktails were not on my list of "big deal happy hour bargains" and the food wasn't anything I craved. Until now. They must be new, because they are not included on the menu posted on the website, but there are some rice bowl additions. I had the steak bowl. I'm telling you: the steak was pink and tender, the sauce was spicy and craveable, it was a generous portion size and, over all, that bowl alone will get me to be the first to say, "Hey! Let's go to Hula's!!"
5	Went here for lunch on a Saturday. Had the pulled pork sandwich and it was delicious. The enviorment was decorated in reto hawaiian stuff. With a very open air feel. The server was very nice. We enjoyed our time her very much.
3	Hula's is a great little bar. I like it a lot. Their drink pours are strong! I still haven't had any of their bowls, as I haven't been there when I want to get wasted! The food is pretty good. I've had dinner and brunch there and been absolutely fine with the food. As with most of Phoenix, its a little pricey. Not ridiculous though. Get their drinks! They specialize in that! Dark and Stormy would only be made better if they used better rum (Whaler's? C'mon...I thought you wanted to make me a good drink) try Kraken in those (they didn't have Kraken when I asked).Sometimes they have Gilligan's Island on the TV in Espanol or Frances, which is fun!
3	The pluses.  It is close to light rail, the drinks are good (I'd like them a smidge stronger, but I have issues).  The minuses, I think the food it a bit weak.  That said, this still puts it above Trader Vics in my book.  The patio is great on evenings, the inside can get a little crowded for happy hour. I am a sucker for their drinks (still served in politcally incorrect Fu-Manchu style mugs).  Sweet potato fries are always good.  The edamame is spicy which is a nice switch.  The tacos are meh, the burgers are meh.  Really, you are coming here for the drinks and fun not necessarily for the food.  If they could make the food as crave-worthy I'd probably set up shop here and never leave.
4	Went in for a Saturday brunch 3/20/11 with madre and had the Island Eggs Benedict (with ham). Perfect. A little sad that the appetizers weren't available as I told her about the fish cakes and fries I had last time. She got the fish tacos and a zombie cocktail though, and wasn't disappointed. Still a nice downtown place to eat but note that not all menu items are always available.
5	I thoroughly enjoyed the eggs benedict w/portuguese sausage...excellent!! My son had the carnitas tacos and thought it was best thing he's tasted in a while....we actually received the tacos for free because a server dropped some sauce on my son on accident....I was amazed & delighted by this gesture : )They also had great specials on mimosas..I believe they were $3 for brunch on Saturday.I will be back here to enjoy other dishes on the menu.
2	I was prepared to love Hula's upon my first visit on a Wednesday evening.  We decided to have happy-hour appetizers as our meal and some Zombie's.  The drinks were great, however we weren't thrilled with the appetizers. We had the sweet potato fries. They were under cooked, not good at all, and not even comparable to Fez's.  We barely touched them.We had the Shrimp Rolls and the Fish Cakes.  The shrimp rolls were fair, a little greasy though.  The fish cakes were tough and tasteless.  They could have been silly putty cakes for all  I knew. We also had the pulled pork tacos. They were fair, although they were served cold. Maybe it was an off night. I see so many positive reviews that I'll give it another try.
4	Most delicious hamburger on the planet. We love it here!
4	mainly for their drinks and the happy hour on Wednesdays!!! We had many different things for food and all tasted really good. The place has nice decoration and you really feel comfortable wherever you sit.The 5th star will come when they don't force you to tip :) (Can't I decide if the service was that good or not?)
5	Have you tried their  banana coconut cream pie???? Get your butt over there and get it. There was even a layer of chocolate in there !! That is insane ....it was insane and only $6. Go get it right now.
5	Ok, Asian fusion has so many faces, that its always hard to rate one against the other, because they're just different.After a bit of a night, we stopped here and had one more, and I ordered the Ahi Wasabi bowl, with wasabi cream sauce.  YUM!  The ahi was cut like stew meat, and was cooked just right-tender inside.  I couldn't eat it all, but good.  My dining companion ordered Habanero Lime Chicken Tacos, and the same result.  She couldn't finish it, so it was boxed.We also split an order of Mac and Cheese.  Of course theirs used some variant of cheese that was just great.  Where was all of the Mac and Cheese experimentation when we were kids?All around, good menu, yummy, and way better than any drive-thru at that time of night.
3	Atmosphere. Atmosphere. Atmosphere. I am in love with Hula's decor, ambiance and overall sexy swagger.And every time I head down Central, I make a point to stare at it, hoping I'm stranded in traffic to lust over its gorgeous window. I've had some pretty solid drinks here and some not too bad breakfast, but sadly, I can't even remember what I've specifically eaten or drank here the multiple times I've hung out, which is why I cannot give Hula's more than three stars.However, I also never recall a bad food experience, and when time and chance has it, I will not hesitate to return. Especially because I always remember the crazy conversations and company I've had while enjoying time there. One time I was there with a group for some afternoon cocktails for hours. Hours. I think probably 7 tables rotated next to us the entire time we were there and our server switched at least once. That, my friends, is a sign of a great hang out.
5	A really fun place to go hang out and have a few drinks. I went last night with some friends and we had a blast! It is really cool inside since it is a Tiki hut! The food was really good: I had some potstickers, macaroni, and chicken wings with plenty to go around and great to share. Also the sweet potato fries are really good too. I would definitely recommend this place!
3	Good strong drinks with a Hawaiian focus. Since I don't have an extra $500 for a RT flight to the islands, this is an exceptable alternative.Recommendation: drink the Blood Orange Martini SLOWLY.I know no one likes flies, but I REALLY don't like them and they were a problem the whole time I was there. I guess that might be the price you pay for a very open air environment (weather was beautiful that day).I had the Habanero Lime Chicken Tacos which was good, but not worth $14
4	On a mission to find all the pet friendly restaurants in town...and hope we like their food. Hula's Modern Tiki makes the list.Great patio, nice ambient lighting, moderate traffic passing by, relaxed feel. I really like the "in the city" feel the restaurant has w/ Central traffic passing by.Started with the Samurai Beef Sticks: Excellent. tasty w/o being too much, juicy and the pineapple was good too. Main:Duke's Luau Pork plate, great. I would get it again. The date had a ribeye, he says it was just alright. His side of macaroni was so so delicious!!!! It is one of those dishes I crave.We know we like a place when we both say we would go back, especially for the mac & cheese! Giving it a 4 star until we can go back and try more menu items.
5	My husband and I love this place! The pain killer is my favorite drink.  Pretty much every meal we have had here has been very good. Cool patio, cool crowd, cool place!  Food can be a lil pricey if you are on a budget but tastes pretty damn good.  They have tiki time happy hour m-f with $5 apps! We met the owner and his wife last week while we were sitting at the bar. They seem to always be there working - which to me shows they care about their buisness.
4	Tasty and cool, this is a welcome differentiated place in Phx.  Not many Hawaiian themed joints around, esp ones that deliver the goods.  We go for lunch often, have never made it for dinner.
2	This was my second experience with Hula's for brunch. Another big disappointment. I had the big breakfast sandwich. It does look really good. I ordered it specifically from seeing it on a table next to us. My companion had the hangover hash. Both were a big let down. I had the hash before so I was not surprised at that. The hashbrowns that accompanied it was I think probably the worst I have had, quite rubbery and tough. Its apparent that they had been cooked earlier in the day and kept warm until needed and maybe kissed the flattop before serving. The bread of my sandwich received similar treatment. It was toasted some time previous to serving. But by the time the bread hit the table it had lost any hint of being toasted. It looked toasted but it was soft as any plain white bread fresh out of a bag and bland. Maybe a brioche would have been a better choice. The sandwich overall was fairly bland. It could have used a little kick. Some better cheese maybe, or more flavorful bacon. Thankfully a couple slices of tomato saved the day. I will say the mimosas are cheap. Only $2 a glass. Kudos for that. Service was excellent. Very attentive. And the ambiance is great. If I hadn't tried the hashbrowns this time I may have given it 3 stars but I gotta knock em down to 2 stars due to the poor taste.
4	New Fav place. Seafood Ceviche is awesome!  Get it on Happy Hour for $5 (1/2 off, so get 2!! It's that good) The Likiikoo Margarita's was an excellent addition.  Fish Tacos were a little too spicy for me, so I traded the Hubs for his Luau Pork, excellent!!!   The service is good, very friendly staff.
4	Pretty decent HH or "tiki time" prices.  I have been there 3x and had great service once.  Thankfully the place is so great that the lackluster service by the same waiter still had me coming back.  Much better this last time.The Mac n Cheese is awesome!
5	I love this place. They will substitute grilled tofu for any fish plate and unlike most places they do a great job of it. When I was disappointed at the menu at Los Dos Molinos, I left the group there and went here by myself to make sure I got a good dinner. It is my fav place to eat so far in Phoenix.
4	My husband and I frequent this restaurant quite a bit. We use to be huge fans of the Ahi Tuna burger with sweet potato fries (the fries rock). Unfortunately, they removed the Ahi Tuna burger from the menu which was very disappointing. I do like the Tiki fish sandwich though. I do which that they would included a fish sandwich on their lunch menu on the weekend. Although, when I have gone for lunch on the weekend and have asked if they can make a fish sandwich they have always accommodated me. I would give this place 5 star, but I think their one weakness is their brunch menu. I took a friend there for lunch because we loved their dinner and lunch menu so much, but it was very disappointing. We ordered Bloody Mary's and had to send them back because the horseradish was overwhelming. In fact, all you could taste was horseradish, no tomato juice or anything. All three of us sent them back and they could remake them because they were part of a batch that they pre-mixed - UGH! Plus, I was the only one that liked my breakfast. My husband and friend were not impressed. Also, I adore their Hawaiian fish ceviche - yum!!
4	Hulu's is such a fun place to eat.  Their entrees are original and tasty though lately I can't seem to get past the Fish Sandwich.  It's soooo delicious.  Mild blacked Napu on a delicious bun.  The slaw is a great accompaniment though sometimes I'll go for the sweet potato fries.  I've enjoyed brunch a couple of times as well.  The servers are friendly and prompt.
4	They have great sweet potato fries (not as good as delux though.) I usually get the ahi tuna ceasar salad. Its great, but order the dressing on the side- it's always over dressed. The food is good, but I think just a little over priced.
5	Awesome building. Friendly staff. Great beer selection. And the food is phenomenal. For me it doesn't get any better.
4	*This review is based on drinks only* My sis Jacinthe & I participated in the Cupcake Crawl last night & it was a lot of fun! Hula's was the 2nd stop from 7-8pm. Their happy hour ends at 6pm Mon-Fri, but they let us crawlers have the happy hour prices, nice. There wasn't much room for us so we had to stand at 1st, ugh, but then 2 ladies left early to the next stop & we snagged their seats. We ordered the blood orange & pink bikini martinis (only $5 each, regularly $7). Both were so yummy! We also got to sample lil cupcakes from Nothing Bundt Cakes, white chocolate raspberry FTW! Since it was nearing the time to head to the next stop we only ordered those 2 cocktails, but I wish we had time for another round because they were so delicious & cheap! The only complaint we had was that it was super hot in there & we had to use menus to fan ourselves. I do have to say I love that open patio though, it would be so nice to sit out there & have cocktails in the fall & spring time. I would definitely return for happy hour & maybe sample some food!
3	This place could be 5 stars if it changed a few things.  The menu is ok and my food came out tasteing pretty good.  The ambiance is awsome.  Love the indoor out door set up.  You can even bring your dog onto the patio.  The bartenders all seem really pretentious.  The owner should send them over to Ve Bene in Ahwatukee to see how a good bartender interacts with their patrons. They don't offer any drink specials at night and drinking there can get pricey.  I guess that's why they are always pretty slow when I drive by.  Maybe they think they are keeping out the riff raff. ;o)
4	This is a fun place to hang out with friends and have a few drinks. Food and drinks are good here and even more so during happy hour. My favorite is the lilikoi magarita cuz I'm a sucker for passion fruit beverages. The scorpion or volcano (large fruity rum drinks in huge bowls with a float of flaming 151 on top) is always fun to have among friends. It comes with colorful huge straws that you can use hit each other with afterwards, too. :)It's also conveniently located off the light rail and the patio outside is nice and lively. We always start here when we do our light rail bar crawls and work our way slowly downtown. It's a great place to start out the night.
5	Ive never been much for trying new places... Mainly because Im usually disappointed.  So I stick with what I know.Hula's was a new place and by the stars above you can imagine how my visit was.We had put in reservations for 25 people here and while they were hesitant they happily put us outside on this large table under the misters and shade.  Perfect setting.I don't recall the waitress name, but she did something great in the beginning.  We all would be on separate tabs and she wrote all our names down.  Some places go by where you sit and will flip out if you move. She rocked this.We all started with many drinks and any appetizers.  Let me tell you this.. I hate sweet potato fries.  I really do.. however their sweet potato fries with their dipping sauce was to die for.  I couldn't eat enough of them.  I kept looking at my friends with this "are you kidding me??" face. DeliciousDinner came and it was ncie to literally see everyone order something different.  If you have friends and dinner that means you have a ton of food to sample.  We did just that.  I ordered the Ahi Wasabi Bowl on white rice with black beans.  Holy crap that was amazing.  I usually get a burger, but wanted to break my burger streak.. so I did this.  A few friends did burgers and I did sample some of them.  I couldn't believe how good they were!The drinks were awesome, food was great and the service at this place just kicks ass all over town.I can't wait to go back!!
4	Great spot on a Friday after work to grab a drink with friends or co workers, this place is "Light Rail Friendly" which means if you want to do a little bar hoping after a few drinks then you don't need to drive to the next bar. When I want to show off uptown phx, I bring friends to this place and everyone always enjoys this place. The happy hr is decent but the real deal is when you get a volcano bowl or spider bowl and share with a group of people. I just love the ambiance of this place and how great it is for groups of any size. The only reason why I don't give it 5 stars is because the service could be super slow and the waiters tend to forget about you. But overall I am a fan and I will be back for more good memories!
5	I love this place...the food is always great! I am greeted by the owner when I come in and usually have a great wait staff! Thanks Tia for always making my experience a great one...
5	Hula's is the Bomb and all that. Ask for Ginger she will rock your world. I love the BBQ ribs, tacos and the steak. Their prices are reasonable and it's usually sets the night off on the right foot.Wasabi Mashed potatoes are delish and would HIGHLY recommend them!Thank you Hulas for being My friendly neighborhood eatery that is close enough to stumble home from after  few too many Zombie's and Painkillers. (Both are adult beverages)
5	One of my new favorite places in the valley.  Absolutely the finest fish sandwich I've ever tasted.  I was millimeters away from ordering a second one, until I successfully resisted.  Go for the regular fries, not the pretentious sweet potato fries.  They may be good, but the original ones are better.  Besides, everyone does the sweet potato fries nowadays! The truly unique joints do the regular cut traditional french fry well.  Yum!  Our friends got some other entrees which looked just as fantastic.Moderately priced with good scenery.  Not to mention great service (table of 6, waitress memorized our order without error), and we kept adding more people on and she couldn't have been happier.  Splitting checks was not painful at all.Go here and get the fish sandwich, it is something to marvel.
5	Stopped in with my wife for appetizers and drinks on a Friday night.  Loved the atmosphere and food was outstanding.  Fries (potato and sweet potato) were excellent.   White fish on tortilla with salsa was also fantastic - can't recall name, yet doesn't matter.  Wine was served in stem less glasses..very good.No complaints and we will return again..  Thanks for the great service.
4	After an insanely long weekend that involved work, diving and catering a baby shower (don't ask) I was in serious need of some downtime.  On a Sunday afternoon there just aren't many options, so I decided to finally try Hula's.The atmosphere is very relaxed, which is exactly what I needed.  At 3pm the place was mostly empty, but it was obvious that the other patrons were having a great time.I'm going to sum up my perfect, relaxing meal.  Blackened ahi with a wasabi cream sauce (damn good!), a bevy of island themed beverages and Dramarama playing in the background.  Could it get any better?Now that I've sampled what Hula's has to offer I see the very real possibility of becoming a regular.  Bonus points for being within biking distance!Thank you Hula's for giving me a mellow afternoon.PS- Get the Blood Orange martini on the rocks.  You will swoon.
3	It was my second time back and hubby's first time. The restaurant was already packed by 730pm. We ordered fish tacos for entree even though it was a meal. As always, it was delicious. I had the Lemongrass Ahi and hubby had beef teriyaki. Teriyaki was perfectly tender and flavorful served with wasabi mash, but we think it tastes better with rice. Lemongrass ahi was coated with thick Lemongrass herb, lightly seared with cream sauce. The flavor of Lemongrass and cream did not blend well together and the fish itself was raw. It was too raw, which almost tastes like poke.I guess next time we are sticking with Fish Tacos.
4	Went here for the first time ever after hearing good things from a ton of friends. i've been to other restaurants in the area (Maizie's, Panne Biano, etc) so I felt like it was about time I gave it a try. The restaurant was fairly busy for the small inside table space. Me and the BF got seated right away, and I of course went right for the drink menu, I don't usually like fruity drinks, which seems to be what they specialize in, but I gave the Tiki Bastard a try, the BF had the pain killer. My drink was pretty good, it has an overly string bourbon taste so if thats your thing, you definitely might enjoy. The BF's drink was too pineapple-y for my taste, but he loved it. We started by sharing the ceviche on fried wontons which was bomb. Very yummy, it didn't stand a chance. Me and the BF got into a debate about the food title worthiness of wontons when i declared wontons were one of my favorite foods. He argued wontons were not a food... I obviously disagreed. On to the entrees. I had the steak sandwich with sweet potato fries... It was good enough, I think the fries would have been much better had they been hotter or fresher... but overall it was a good meal. The BF had the habanero lime chicken tacos which were ahhh-mazing. Very very spice but delicious. We ordered another round of drinks before we finished. I had the mai tai which was really yummy with a fruity but almost sour taste that I loved. The BF had some other drink whose name i can't remember but it came with a backscratcher and had 151 in it. Too strong of an alcohol taste for me, but he liked it.Overall, the restaurant was really yummy, we will definitely be back.
5	Dear Hulas, You and I have an amazing relationship. You have treated me so well this past year and I will stand by your side! For those curious.. YOU GOTTA GO. This place is awesome. Its a different concept than any other in Central Phoenix. The owner Dana is super cool and friendly, and always greets his guests and remembers the loyal ones! The have a kick ass happy hour $5 drinks and apps. Try a specialty cocktail like the Tiki Bastard. It will knock your socks off! For an appetizer try the Hawaiian Ceviche--White fish like u have never had before, or try the Poke- tuna avocado and macadamia nuts.. its awesome. Lots to choose from and even Vegetarian friendly options. We have tried the burgers, fish sandwich, steak tacos, fish tacos, tofu tacos grilled hapu, breakfast, wings, jerk chicken, several cocktails and its continually a quality experience. The patio is killer when its cool out, the staff is awesome, and its a great central location. Hulas, I love you.
4	Great food and great cocktails. Be careful on how many of the cocktails you have.. they may be fruity but they do pack a punch! (no pun intended)
3	Definition of "a-Ok".Not a destination dining experience, that's for sure.I would say over-hyped, but over-hipped is more like it.I'm sure it's all so impressive to someone less jaded and cynical, but c'mon. This is really nothing more than someone collecting all of the 'exotic' dishes one at a time from generic american restos like applebees and chilis, and combining them onto one menu in one place.Omigosh! You put a ring of grilled pineapple and some terriyaki on my chicken sandwich?!?  OOOH, how pacific rim fusion.  Someone call Martin Denny.
3	Cool vibe, nice servers, sweet decor, decent (emphasis on decent, not oh-my-god-I-was-totally-blown-away!) food. Not amazing. But worth a trip to see and be seen :) Sit at the bar and it will make you feel hip.
1	I was tempted to grab a grass skirt and wiggle into Hula's for their Tiki Time Happy Hour (Monday - Friday 3:30-6pm). But I opted for the Phoenix summer staple: a sundress and flip-flops. Love the mid-century modern feel. That gets a star :)It was around 5:30pm and it was busy, but our server came over and took our drink orders when she saw us join a friend's table. I asked for Malibu and Pineapple and my friend Zombie'd out. We were given menus and she left without clearing any plates on our table, where our friends had several (not to mention a couple empty glasses).She came back with the Zombie and told me they didn't have Malibu (what a disgrace to Tikiville's everywhere!!) but the bartender said I wouldn't know the difference and to bring me this. She set it down. I looked at her and said, "No, thanks." AUTOMATIC MINUS TWO STARS - one for NOT having Malibu and another one for trying to pass the fake crap off.I ordered the Surfrider Chicken Sticks and Steak Tacos while my friend ordered the Mango Chicken Caesar (someone else in our party had ordered it and enjoyed it). She didn't take our menus and all of our drink glasses were empty. A few comments were made about this.Ten minutes later, we get the Surfrider Chicken Sticks which were SET ON TOP OF MY MENU (damn, really??). They were cold. Decent, but cold nonetheless. My friend's salad came and I was told it would be a minute for the tacos. Another 20 minutes and they still hadn't come. Not to mention my empty plate SITTING ON TOP OF A MENU, empty water glass and my friend's empty glass.A couple friends got up to leave and their empty plates and glasses remained even after WE got our check. I was billed for the tacos but I never got them. It took another 10 minutes for her to return with a correct bill. Awful service, cold food, no food and a fake-Malibu serving bartender give this place ONE star in my book.
4	I would do bad things for a plate of Hula's Jerk fish. (It can also be made with tofu, chicken or pork)I'd probably lick their jerk sauce off of an old shoe.I'd share a johnny cake with a prison inmate if it meant I got to eat the other half.I'd go on a date with a homeless man as long as we came here.If I had to, I'd pour the entire dish in my purse and eat it out with chopsticks.
2	I was let down when I arrived for dinner here. My fish patties were over-cooked. When my dinner finally arrived the black beans were cold and the rice was hard and cold, and the chicken that came with my meal was not that great either. When I got home I had to use the bathroom immediately.
5	I love Hula's! One of my favorite places in downtown Phoenix. I go here often for happy hour and meals. For drinks, I prefer the classic Mai Tai but the Longboard beers on draft are good too and friends swear by the Tiki Bastard and Pink Martini. My favorite dishes are the Poke appetizer, pork tacos, Coco Joe's chicken, cajun burger, either steak (melt in your mouth!) or the rice bowls. The sweet potato fries and mac and cheese are awesome too. Pretty much everything I have eaten here is good and I have had many of the menu items. The service is excellent and friendly to boot and the atmosphere is hip but relaxed and not pretentious. The patio is fabulous when the weather is nice. I have even taken kids to this restaurant and it's been great. All around fabulous restaurant and bar!
5	Service is the best, with personable employees. Fab drinks and an equally fabulous and casual atmospher. You can tell the owner really cares about the community they serve.  I feel blessed to be able to call Hula's my neighborhood hang out.
5	Here this afternoon to try the eggs benedict with spam! That's right SPAM! Oh yeah, it was pretty darn good.Although my dish was good some minor improvements can be made to make it perfect; toast the muffin more, mine was hardly toasted at all and the hollidase sauce needs a little more pizzaz, it was on the bland side. Overall, I really like the food here, both brunch and dinner, love the location and atmosphere, great patio, and pretty decent servers. PS. Dog friendly patio!
4	Great atmosphere and really yummy food. If you want drinks, go during happy hour; for food go during dinner.In the dead of summer the flies are not a problem, mostly because the doors are closed.
4	Big fan of Hula's been a bunch of times, but finally was compelled to write a review.  Just came back from a week in Maui, so I was still in "Hawaii-Mode" (which is soooo hard to get out of lol), so I insisted we go to Hula's to get my Hawaii fix.  Mainly....that just means I was dying for a good Mai Tai.If you go here, you MUST order a Mai Tai.  While most of their drinks are pretty good and tropical tasting, the Mai Tai is the best in town (now that Trader Vic's is donzo).  I'm a Mai tai snob, and cringe when most mai tai's here on the mainland are made way way way too sweet and fruity.  The Mai Tai at Hula's could rival some of the best in Hawaii in my opinion.  Mostly rum (white and dark) and just the right amount of sweet mixed with the right amount of tart/sour.  They go down great and they hit you with quite the kick before ya know it, so be careful ;-)!As far as the food...its good, but its not Roy's so don't except anything amazing.  I usually get fish here, just to go with the whole Hawaiian thing.  Most of the times I've had Mahi, it can be dry sometimes, but always tastes good.  Ive had both the wasabi crusted and the macadamia nut crusted, both are decent.  The Luau Pork plate is darn good, but my recommendation is get the Luau Pork sandwich instead.  It goes so much better on bread, than just by itself.  All the appetizers are great to munch on while you're enjoying your Mai Tai...all thats missing is Hawaiian music, and the sun setting over the ocean :)
5	This place rocks and will be a new top Fave!  The delish food, the cheerful, knowledgeable waitstaff, drinks, and even the music (any place playing The Doors, Led Zeppelin, and the song "Relax" has my vote) was great.  Had the Blood Orange martini, Ahi Bowl, and the Sweet Potato fries.  We shared the ceviche, poke, and the calamari.  My wife also had the Mai Tai, which I tasted.  It was refreshing and not too boozy tasting, yet had plenty alcohol.   And for dessert, a great Key Lime Pie.   On a Saturday night, the age range was very eclectic--some families even seemed to be there, yet it is a good place to take a date.   Will go back again!
4	The Mrs. and I relied on the other positive Yelp reviews and were not disappointed with our dinner at Hula's.  Our evening started off with a flavorful and fresh Island Style Poke appetizer.  She chose the Hawaiian Style Pork Platter, similar in texture to pulled pork, but with the flavor of the islands in the pineapple and tasty sauce. I had the Hapua, encrusted with coconut.  The fish was very light, tender, and fresh tasting.  Rice and cole slaw accompanied our main courses and the cole slaw was especially good. The service was attentive and drink refills were plentiful. This is a great place for a date night...puts you in a tropical mood. Prices are reasonable for the high quality food here.  We'd love to go back to try more of the menu items next time we're in Phoenix.
4	I went here last Saturday for a friend's birthday.  The best thing about the experience by far was the spicy edamame.  Man, that stuff was good!  The ceviche was also tasty as was the seaweed salad.  I also tried the ahi sashimi which was just OK.  Our group sat at the community table and hung out for quite a while trying all the fabulous drinks offered for the "tikki time" specials.  The Pink Bikini was the best one in my opinion.  The service was awesome, but then again they weren't all that busy.  I was actually really surprised at how slow it was; from the other reviews I thought it would be a Saturday night hot spot... but I guess it is more of an after work Happy Hour type place.  The patio outside looked very comfy and although I liked the look of the modern decor inside, the seating was not that same relaxed resort vibe.  They need to get some couches or lounge chairs in the bar area instead of just the plastic bar stools.  I did really enjoy the music selection but at times it was a little hard to hear the conversation.  I will definitely be back to try out the patio experience when the weather cools down.
4	Sweet potato fries Cooked well ... Unique sauce - mayonaisse, inversion ipa beer, blood orange martini, dead on sunday at 17:00 but nice... Spicy thai fish cakes, butternut fish w/ macadamia nuts, excellent & prompt friendly service.  Perfect for getting some eats and drinks after our long flight.  Great environment and clientele -- loved the open space and and bar.
1	My dear Hula's,What happened today? Maybe it was the lunch rush, but that's no excuse. Our ice tea and water tasted very weird and slightly sweetened. If you're trying out something new, it's not a good idea. our food, which consisted of a lunch salad, sandwich and sweet potato fries took forever. The fries were cold, the ahi tuna very very over cooked and hardly any pink. Please get better soon. I will probably be back, but I will make sure it's not during lunch and that I order something different.
3	I ate here for the first time last evening for a bday happy hour celebration. The food was fantastic, the drinks tasty/strong, and the prices reasonable. The only reason why I'm giving it three stars is that the service wasn't that great. Our party was ignored multiple times and they wouldn't let us sit at our table until half of us arrived, so we just ended up crowding the front bar. Our waitress left in the middle of dinner and didn't tell us, and the bartender treated us like we were inconveniencing him. It was pretty busy, but still it's no reason to be rude.Overall the place was good, and I'd like to go back (maybe for brunch), but I hope the service improves!
4	A year or so ago, I wrote a review after visiting Hula's that was not favorable. I didn't think I would ever give the place a second go. Tuesday night, however, another couple suggested we meet up for drinks there. I had been laid up for two days and was feeling better, so getting out of the house seemed really necessary, and one good thing Hula's still had going for it was that it was walking distance to my house. Another good thing it still had going for it was the drinks. So, distance and drinks in mind, the boy and I decided to give Hula's another chance. I don't know when it was in the past year, but Hula's radically changed their menu. There's still fish with a variety of rubs and some BBQ stuff, the menu seems twice the length. Once I realized the menu was so different, I decided I had to try the food, so I went with the Seared Ahi Tacos, part of their Labor Day special, and it was like a complete 180 from my memories of last year. Even the rice was ten times better. The other couple we were with had split a steak sandwich, which they loved,  including the salad that came with it. I wasn't hungry enough to eat both the tacos that were on my plate, but I wished I was. SO GOOD!I also had the Hula's Hurricane, which I picked because it was the only drink that didn't have syrup or seem like it was mostly juice, but it was good. After a couple rounds, we decided we needed to try the scorprion bowl, which comes out lit on fire, so that's obviously a win. It's pretty sweet, but very tasty, and gets you in exactly the right mood to decide to go to Rosie's for karaoke.The service was an issue last year, and to some extent still is. Our server was really nice, but we had a couple of empty glasses for a while, and I hate waiting to get a refill on a $8 drink. A couple of times the bartender brought our drinks over, and he was nice, too. I'm really happy I decided to check out Hula's once more. I love the MCM vibe, and that patio is perfect for our 79 degree autumn nights. With the changes in the menu and quality of the food, I'll definitely be hanging out there more throughout the coming months. It really looks like Hula got it in gear. Add a few more attentive servers and it will be in tip-top shape for a Cen Pho restaurant.
3	This past Wednesday happened to be their 2-year anniversary and we were fortunate enough to be there for the free appetizer / drink coupon as a result.  Drinks were great -- definitely liking the laid back, tropic vibe.  Food was decent (macadamia encrusted mahi, ribs), but didn't raise the bar for food of this type.  Only downfall was service -- our appetizer never made it, and extra drink did (not complaining about that!), had to ask for our waiter on a few occasions, and the check took a lot longer than would be expected.My bottom line:  Would love to hit this place at happy hour or late night drinks, but would probably look elsewhere if I were looking for an above-average meal.
5	Have been here a few times for brunch over the last few months.  Great ambiance and dishes...especially .like the french toast and hangover hash with a side of portuguese sausage.   Good service.
1	I love the design of this place and was really looking forward to trying it out.....had a fish burger and sweet potato fries that both arrived cold, a waiter who vanished constantly, but good drinks.  Felt sick for a few days after that.   Tried it again when a friend was passing through town who had heard good things.  Again, absentee server, cold/uncooked food, and again I felt sick for a few days.  Beautiful spot, but I cannot give it another chance.  :^(
4	I stumbled across this place as it was close to my hotel.  I'm a creature of habit and will definitely be back.  The service was great!  I had the tuna burger and it was delicious.  The patio was open and the weather was perfect and like the name says it has a very cool modern feel.  They also have a nice selections of cocktails.  I would definitely recommend Hula's Modern Tiki.
4	Been here a total of 3 different times and have been happy for each of those times!Atmosphere: feels like you are in a tiki hut off some island :)The food: have not had dinner here, but I can make a dinner out of coconut shrimp egg rolls and at Happy hour Prices....awesome deal, I think!Drinks: i like them sweet, and they got them good, and strong, if you ask me. Highly suggest the place, great atmosphere, several tvs so you can watch the game, sit outside and enjoy the nice Phx weather coming our way, or in the dining area. GO!
3	Had lunch here for my birthday with co-workers and i liked the atmosphere so came back for the happy hour--had a great time with friends.  Is a little expensive, but had great service from our server-girl with robot tattoo--so nice!I think i loved the cocktails better than the food, POLYNESIAN CHICKEN SANDWICH was pretty good with the SWEET POTATOE FRIES!!  Most drinks were fabulous, need to try the Scorpion bowl with lots of friends!
5	I gave this place 5 stars because it had the best margarita on the block, delicious food, excellent staff and outdoor dog friendly seating and yes, that's my little Yorkie in the pictures.Back to the Margarita.... I ordered the Lilikoi Margarita, yum! Was so good! I'm not big on the sweet drink thing so this was my choice.My friend ordered the "Dr. Funk" which was very good too but too sweet for me perfect for her.For food, we had the pork pot stickers which were delicious. The sauces were both really good. Also had the Surfrider Chicken sticks which were nice and juicy and delicious as well.We shared our entree and went with the Jerk Pork. Too spicy for my friend but was perfect for me. The plantain was perfectly sweet but I was kind of sad there was only 2 pieces which left me with only one piece since we split the dish. Plantains are cheap enough so not sure why they didn't give more. Plantains help break up the spicy jerk flavor, if they put more on the plate it would be perfect! Finished off the meal with some macadamia nut ice cream. Very good! We chose not to go with the brownie and they had no problem with that.Very friendly staff and they had no problem making things the way you want it.All in all it's a great little place to sit around, drink your drinks and munch on some food.
4	Wednesday night happy hour (which lasts until 11pm)...was relatively busy for this day/time.Holy smokes, they're not shy with the alcohol in their drinks. After one, I was done! Seemed to be the consensus with everyone who was drinking...Also tried the coconut shrimp rolls, which weren't too shabby. Sauce was supposed to be pineapple/horseradish, but didn't seem at all horseradishey. Our server (Katherine) was great! On top of refills, food orders, friendly, and fast! Bar itself was nice, was showing reruns of Gilligan's Island. Great patio seating, especially this time of year!
4	Been here before and the food was decent, this time was really good.  I got the black bean burger that comes with shiitake mushrooms, cheese (I think Jack) and awesomely good, grilled Maui onions...the bun was perfection! I added the side green salad, and that was also very tasty!  Not only did we have a great server, but each month they pick a different charity to donate to! (I think it's a percentage of their sales on Mondays).  Super cool:)I also really love what they did with the space...I used to come to this plaza a long time ago to rent videos from Movies on Central (RIP).  They really jazzed the place up while still keeping the integrity of the original.
4	This is a cool place for happy hour or dinner. I feel like I'm on vacation when I eat here. The coconut chicken was pretty good. The drinks are strong which is great. The servers are friendly.
3	You take the good, you take the bad, you take them both and there you have... Hula's Modern Tiki.The rare moments I'm craving a strong, fruity, Rum fueled cocktail this is the spot to hit. The drinks are well crafted but the food and service is hit or miss. The patio is one of my favorite in the valley, but a nice patio does not make for a 4+ star experience. They're packed all the time so they must be doing something right, though it certainly isn't the Ahi Sashimi. I know, I know... don't even ask why we would attempt sashimi at Hulas. I'm embarrassed enough as it is. This 'starter' was literally two bites of food. Two bites of mediocre food for $9 mind you. I was told by my orthodontist years ago that I have a very small mouth (go ahead, there's a punch line in there somewhere) so it's not like I have some Real Housewives of The Underworld hoover mouth and no idea what a starter portion should look like. We both actually looked at each other and laughed when it was placed in front of us. I'm a tapas girl, I love small plate dining, this was just a bit extreme. The pork tacos on the other hand were excellent. Filling, well seasoned and tender; the comedy of the sashimi became a distant memory. We will definitely return. As I stated the patio is beautiful and weather permitting, worth a trip on it's own for Happy Hour. Play it safe with you're dining decisions and you'll walk out with a buzz and a full belly.Post script: In response to the owner comment, I should clarify that my hesitation in ordering ahi sashimi at this establishment is not at ALL in reference to grade or quality of product but more of a 'hindsight' situation, meaning in retrospect, it's doubtful that it would be a good representation of Hula's as a whole.
3	Went there with a group of people. the portions where huge! Half of us liked the food, and the other half just thought it was OK. The jerk pork and chicken weren't that tasty. But the pork BBQ was great, as were the sweet potatoes and rice.
3	**Note** Changing from 1 star because the proprietor responded, researched it and found out he'd been affected by white tuna sushi elsewhere.  They're keeping 'ex lax fish' on the menu though.  I just hope they advise the possible side effects.We had an early supper here, no drinks.  Had borh the blackened and pan seared  Butterfish, very good.  I'd never heard of butterfish before but took the plunge.What happened when we got home caused me to look it up: learned it has good texture and flavor - both check.So why the 1 star?  Seems that butterfish is another name for a fish called escolar, which has vast quantities of wax ester in it.  Another name for excolar is "the ex lax of fish".  Right on.  For both of us,  We got lucky apparently, it is often worse and lasts for days.Why have it on a menu when it can have these kinds of side effects?
2	Nice enough environment and service was pretty good but the food was unexpectedly average. Had a chicken caesar salad. The chicken was over-spiced (which isn't a totally bad thing) and it was overcooked and dry (which is a very bad thing). Lettuce was not particularly fresh and the dressing was inconsistently tossed. To be fair, I'll try it again and go for something different on the menu.
3	All of my experiences at Hula's have been pleasant. Sitting at the bar or by the fire, it's a good atmosphere. The waitstaff are cool and the food service is timed nicely. I'm trying to find excuses to give more stars, but there is something just pulling back my fourth star and I think it's the sparkle. There is no sparkle for me.The food is ok, but not awesome. Some things are done very well like the jungle sauce on the tofu or the fish on the fish sammie. But other things are not, like the actual tofu or the bread on the sandwich. Not a fan of the super sweet cocktails, and no wine specials for happy hour. To boot, I just don't get that feeling of soaking up the sweet Phoenix scene that's common to the Central/Camelback hot spot.I always feel a little confused after coming here. My belly is full but my taste buds underwhelmed. Eager to be part of a cool neighborly social joint but not feeling the sweet CenPho vibes. The feeling is more like, [head cocked to the side, shoulder shrug] "That was aight."
4	I've only been here once, but loved it!  It definitely has the urban vibe. I had a hamburger with the hula sauce on the side - delish!  It was cooked perfectly with great flavor and served on yummy bun. Wish I could have eaten the whole thing, but it came with amazing sweet potato fries and I filled up on those.  Probably the best I've ever had!Seems like a great place for happy hour so I'll definitely be coming back for that.
4	Good food, good service.
5	I love this restaurant! The food is amazing & more importantly the customer service is excellent. I was especially impressed with bartender/assistant manager John. I visit Hula's often for food to pick up as I live across the street & John is always extremely friendly & professional. If I ever do encounter a problem with the food, John always resolves the issue. I would not only recommend this restaurant to anyone, but I would especially recommend that Hula's leadership consider putting John in some form of managerial role, as he is one of the main reasons I continually return.
5	Yep, Hula's is one of my favorite places in Phoenix.  Totally awesome menu, great service, and great tropical drinks - even for people like me who hate tropical drinks.  Seriously, get over to Hula's right now and have a Mai Tai.Tiki Time at Hula's is great, with $5 drink specials and food specials during the week.  Plus, how much better does Tiki Time sound than Happy Hour?  You can get that anywhere.The salads are worth skipping, but everything else on the menu is outstanding.  If you're feeling healthy-ish, grab the black bean burger.  It's better than most hamburgers.  And of course get the sweet potato fries.Other menu favorites are the spicy edamame appetizer, mac and cheese, and the Jawaiian Jerk Pork plate.  Save some of your diabetes for the coconut banana cream pie.Whenever the weather permits, be sure to sit on the patio.  Warning - it will be hard to leave.  And if it starts to get chilly, snag a spot by the firepit.  Or just up at the bar.
5	Been here twice now and wish I could say more. The food is delicious, the set up is really relaxing and service is great. A great place to take an out of town guest. Happy hour menu has these amazing tofu tacos that I highly recommend. My boyfriend had the Pork tacos which he said were also delish. Definitely check this place out!!
4	A fun eatery in uptown Phoenix!  Hula has great happy hour, dinner and brunch!  I'm a fan of the tacos and the two egg breakfast. I don't think I've ever been here without a group of people, so I've always had either a Scorpion or Volcano bowl.  Both are super strong and have 151 in the middle.Bring your friends!
2	I'm torn on this rating.  Two stars is "Meh, I've experienced better.", and I have.  Three stars is "A-OK", which it  was.  Had the manager not compensated me for the ridiculously small plate of ribs I got, this review would be scathing.  But he did make it mostly right and that went a long way towards fixing the overall experience to a third star.  But two things about the third star:  I shouldn't have to feel like a cheapass by wondering if I got a full rack or a half rack.  The food didn't feel like anything special, which would have been acceptable if the prices were far lower.   Two stars it is.  Our party arrived on a Friday night--we were in the area, a little lost for a good place to go.  I remembered this place as a good hangout spot on a weekday night, which it definitely is.Tonight, we were seated promptly and never waited very long for anything--the service was fast and top-notch.   However, i'm having difficulty with this whole hipster thing where the wait staff dresses in  street clothes.  It weirds me out and it's almost insulting for as expensive as the place is.  I totally dig the overall ambience.  The restaurant itself appears to be in a rehabbed auto mechanic's shop, creating something totally unique in a region of unique rehabs.  The comfortable patio hangs right off Central Avenue, creating a rare big-city kinda place in Phoenix.  The fire pit is just cool, they play good and fun music.   Ambience is about the one thing about this place that actually lines up with the price, contributing solidly to Uptown's burgeoning vibe.The beer selection felt weak.  We didn't order cocktails, so I can't comment on that.  Going through our courses....The potstickers were good, but the thai peanut sauce just tasted weird.  The spicy edamame was an interesting twist but I didn't find myself very hungry for it   My friend ordered the cajun burger which he thought was "mediocre."  I ordered what turned out to be the smallest full rack of ribs in Arizona described above--the mango to the sauce was too slight leaving it fairly generic, altho the fries and slaw were pretty good.   The meat, yeah I wolfed it down, but in the end it didn't seem like anything to write home about.  The food and drink, all in all, felt more or less average.  The problem with average is in how much this place charges--I'm not going to give three stars to an expensive restaurant that serves three star food.     Given the other choices in the area that I still need to try out, I don't see much of a reason to come back for dinner again.
4	My friends from work went to Hula for our team's Xmas gathering. It was out first time for everyone and we were very impressed. We went b/c we heard about the great HH special they do on Wednesday's. HH prices on apps and drinks till 11pm. The patio outfront looks great, cant wait to chill out there once it warms up! We sat inthe main dining area. The decor was great, old retro pics cover the walls and great tiki mugs on another. We all order our drinks and numerous app's to try everything. The food was great, very flavorful, good spice and it came out hot. I would suggest the Hawaiian Ceviche, crispy coconut shrimp rolls and the Fish cakes for apps, they were soooo good. For my cocktail I would highly suggest the Tiki Bastard, has Bourbon, Gin, Ginger Beer, lime and maraschino liquid. Not one complaint on any of it. The HH prices on all app's and drinks was a great deal. I can't wait to go back again!!!
4	Great patio!!We didn't eat, just day drinking.Waiter was great!
3	Super chill patio area.
5	Good food, good service.
5	Happy hour! Happy hour! Happy hour!  Maybe I'm bias because I live within walking distance of Hula's but it's definitely one of my favorite Phoenix spots.  The happy hour specials here are great and the drinks are creative.  The service is always good and so is the atmosphere.  Whether hot or cold, outdoor seating is always perfect with heaters and a fire pit.  The weekend brunch is also great.  I loved the french toast.  Short of five stars only because the fish cakes seem to be hit or miss.  The first time I tried them, I fell in love.  However, each time since then they have tasted different.  New chef or recipe?
4	I really do like Hula's for so many reasons... the patio is big and wonderful, the drinks are reasonably priced, the vibe is retro/vacation/fun and the food is delicious. I haven't had anything at Hula's that I didn't like. The Cajun Shrimp Caesar Salad is huge and delicious, all the fish tastes fresh, the tacos are filling and perfect. Yes. I tend to like Hula's most for an afternoon lunch on the patio or for a happy hour drink. Wouldn't be my first pick for a dinner date, but I wouldn't argue if someone wanted to spend the night there.
3	This review is more of a 3.5 star one, but I round down as a general rule.We hit up Hula's tonight for dinner. All in all, some good-sized portions (I had the half rack of ribs), decent sides, and very good service.My ribs were a bit pedestrian: it said mango BBQ, but it was basically just... BBQ sauce. Nothing wrong with that, but nothing amazing going on here either. The ribs were cooked well enough, coated in sauce (I enjoy both dry and sauce-drenched, so no big issue here) and they were just fine. They just weren't anything too special. The sweet potato fries were dead-on, and the aioli, while it could've used just a bit more kick and a bit less mayonnaise, was a good touch.The mac 'n cheese was a big disappointment to me. The noodles were over-salted, almost as if they had salted the water entirely too much, and it just had nothing special going for it.Mac 'n cheese is a tricky beast: you have to convince the eater that this is worth the calories and shame, and this one failed desperately in that regard. Not enough flavor and yet, too salty. A good sized portion for $5, though.The girl had a pulled pork sandwich which was tasty enough, and she really enjoyed her side house salad. (It was tasty. I tried a bite.)Our friend had the Hula Burger and it looked big and cooked nicely, and she seemed pleased.Overall, a decent meal. The service was very good, the ambiance was fun and open, and it was definitely serviceable. I'd like to go back and try one of their fish options in the future, since they had a good selection of mix-and-match fish and prep styles that sounded really fun.
3	Fun place to hang out on the patio and imbibe. Enjoyed the inventive cocktails- both the mai tai and tiki  bastard were winners. So was the poke. The latter had a generous crumble of macadamia nuts which was a nice touch. The crowd was a mix.  Glad we tried it while in the neighborhood. Not sure we would go back as a destination. Good day drinking joint.
4	Spotless! Service. Dining room. Restrooms. Patio. Spotless!!Next time I shall forgo table seating and plop my butt on the floor to eat. Yep. That's how clean Hula's is!Service was polished and friendly. Dana was working the brunch crowd and attending to everyone's needs. Most importantly everyone enjoyed their brunch.I say Bula Bula to Hula's!!
4	Hula's - Finally someone made something special and interesting out of my favorite "Empty" building downtown.  I used to drive by for years looking at what I thought could really be an interesting property if anyone had any imagination at all. Hula's has been open for awhile now and I should have written something much sooner.  Been in several times and each turned into a classic event.  Excellent drinks, food, service was quick and with a smile.  The best people watching - "check out the action at night on the highrise balconies to the north next time your are in".  The place is a PLUS along with the art and music you can now find downtown.  Even watching the light rail quietly glide by at night adds a real "metro" feel to Hula's and downtown. I always loved the large "Jewel Facet like" window in the old 60s GEO dome structure over the main bar area and the expanded patio along main Central Ave is an excellent addition.  Thank you for making something truly interesting out of this place.
5	I was just asked the other day to name off my top three restaurants in Phoenix and this was one of them.  I love all things Tiki and retro, what better place than Hula's Modern Tiki right. There is no other place in the valley that you can literally "share a drink" with some friends than Hula's by ordering a flaming scorpion bowl with long straws for everyone.. Between their own take on the famous Mai Tai and the Spicy Thai chicken, Hula's adds a twist to your traditional Hawaiian fare. To name a few entrees I have enjoyed and would order again: the  Thai Chicken Bowl is a must try, the Fish Tacos are monstrous, maybe a Pineapple Chicken Sandwich for some flavor, or the Wings for an excellent starter.  Sweet Potato Fries, Duh!! Grab a large order, you wont regret it.If your there just for drinks and some patio time, you really can't go wrong with anything in a Tiki mug, just know your limit when it comes to a rum cocktail.. They call em' sneaky tikis for a reason!! For something smooth a cream try the Dr. Funk, it'll surprise you!! If not, stick with the classic Mai Tai, sailor. They have weekly happy hour and be sure to sign up for their Text notification to receive specials and secret passwords. Also, look out for their other two locations in Santa Cruz and Monterrey Bay. At every location the service, food, and cleanliness has been top notch. The staff is very friendly regardless of how busy it gets.
5	This place was great! My review is based on drinks ONLY. We went to a BBQ joint down the road for dinner and decided to hit this place for a nightcap on our first night in town to unwind. Great choice. We stumbled upon Happy Hour (which lasts until 11pm on Wednesdays) and each had two great drinks.  I'm talking drinks on par with some of the best mixology bars in Chicago - for half the price. We sat outside next to the outdoor firepit and it was the perfect environment.  The staff was excellent, the music was great, and the diverse mix of people sitting in the outdoor patio was friendly and fun.  It's a couple blocks from the Light Rail station so we were back at our hotel in no time.
5	Brunch!Scorpion Bowl!MIMOSAS.Service has always been stellar, and you can't go wrong with any of their cocktails!
5	I wouldn't go so far as to say I frequent Hula's, but when I am in the neighborhood, I make it a point a point to stop in. What can I say? The food is fair to good depending on the day, you can't go wrong with the Cajun burger, it's delish every time.The main reason I go to Hula's is because I LIKE TO PARTY. Don't get me wrong, I'm not an alcoholic, but I love me some booze. Hula's is THE premier destination to go and get your drank on. Whether you have an affinity for Mai Tais, mimosas or bloody marys, they have the perfect libation to whet your whistle. The staff there is mostly... What's the right word, amazing?!?!?!!!! They have a really great group of people there, but the last few times I have been I have been served by Tia, and she's awesome! Not only is she funny, fast and courteous, but she's a bona fide beauty to boot! If you know what's good for you, check her out!So, when it all comes down to it, my recommendation is go for the service, stay for the drinks.Peace and hair grease...Monty
5	Great for indoor seating and patio seating. Our service was fast and attentive. The food was delicious. An enjoyable place to be for happy hour.
3	I've never had a meal that was really that good here but do continue going back because of the atmosphere and drinks. The spicy edamame is amazing but that's  really the only thing that I've been blown away by.  The spicy tofu tacos are anything but spicy or flavorful and the jungle tofu bowl is slightly better but still boring. It's a great place to grab a drink or app though so i will continue going back but hopefully not for dinner (which I get roped into).
5	Great food and great service. We will return here soon
5	Visiting from Chicago we found Hula's on YELP.  It completely lived up to the reviews!  We will be back on our next trip.Food - simply delicious.  Close to anything we've ever ordered in Maui.  I had the butter fish crusted in macadamia nuts.  Fabulous.  The mango chutney topping was the bomb.  Great flavors and combinations going on.Drinks - excellent.  Well poured, mixed and delivered with love.  Staff - very helpful with recommendations and had a great sense of humor.  Ambiance - sit outsdie.  Awesome patio area with firepit-perfect for a cool February night.Will recommend to all who visit from Chicago.
4	Makes me want to time travel back to the 60's and sip tropical cocktails overlooking a volcano.  Hula's has to be in one of the most unique buildings in Phoenix.  I recommend sitting at the bar to check out all the memorabilia exploding from every crevice. Our bartender was jovial and uniquely looked like the Mayhem guy from the All State commercials.  Very fresh ingredients and the Sweet Potato Fries are banging.   There are a variety of house cocktails and I stumbled out a Tiki Bastard!  Gin is my new poison.
5	Hula's is amazing! I recently moved to the Biltmore area at the end of November and saw Hula's as I was driving down Central one day and decided to give it a try. I quickly became obsessed and for good reason!I've been here over 10+ times the last few months with girlfriends for Happy Hour or with my boyfriend on a weekend evening and I have always had outstanding service, amazing food and awesome drinks that knock my socks off. Not to mention the prices are totally reasonable!The Ahi Caesar Salad and Sweet Potato fries are my favorite go-to's. And the Blood Orange Martini is soooo good. My boyfriend swears by the the Teriyaki Ribeye.I have to give the owner a shoutout for taking good care of my boyfriend & I about a month ago on a Friday evening. (This rave review is long overdue!) My guy is in the Marine Corps and is stationed in Cali so we only get to see each other on the weekends when one of us makes the 6 hour drive to each other. He arrived around dinnertime on a Friday night and we headed to Hula's for his first visit. We were both starving and ordered quickly after sitting down. The food was delayed quite a bit for whatever reason and our server kept coming over to apologize. We assured her that we didn't mind at all... we only get to spend about 48 hours with each other so we were just enjoying each others' company, so no big deal! We never even questioned what the hold up was even though we had noticed that it was taking awhile. We finally got our food & our server told us that dessert was on the house for our patience. We thanked her & told her it wasn't necessary. Again, no big deal, we hadn't voiced a single complaint! My boyfriend did decide to take advantage of the offer though since again, we came in starving and we enjoyed a delicious dessert. He also asked the server if Hula's sold their awesome teriyaki glaze for purchase. To our surprise, our server went back to the kitchen & came out with a coffee cup wrapped in tin foil filled with the glaze for us to take home! Talk about going the extra mile regarding service! My boyfriend was tickled. At the end of our meal, even MORE to our surprise, our server dropped off a check with a balance of $0.00. She told us that the owner really appreciated our patience & understanding and that our meal was on the house. We were blown away!To the owner of Hula's... THANK YOU. I have told this story to so many people and spread the word around about Hula's to anyone who hasn't tried your restaurant yet. My boyfriend is now rightfully obsessed with eating at Hula's whenever he comes to town on the weekends & I try to frequent the restaurant at least once every couple of weeks with girlfriends on the weekdays.
4	Really cool atmosphere. Loved the custom glasses and the Hawaiian specialty.They send specials deals to my cell phone and gave me $5 Hula Bucks to use on my next visit!
5	Rather than kitchy, this place had pizzaz. It has the updated 60's vib down pat. Cocktails, food and service all thumbs up!
3	It's Tiki Time. B-)Grab cocktails left and right. Dr. Funk? Hell yeah. Mai Tai? Packs a punch every time.Now sit on the patio and people watch in style...and if you like island food but you're not feeling adventurous, this is perfect for you. I tried the pulled pork sandwich and the jerk chicken. The jerk sauce is a bit sweet, and not nearly spicy enough for my taste. But it's still tasty. My pulled pork sandwich had an amazing slaw...the overall sweetness, and the heavily buttered bun was a bit overpowering. I don't need everything to taste like cinnamon and allspice. I think I'll come here for the cocktails and appetizers. Those sweet potato fries are the best I've had!
4	I went here last night because I had gotten a Voice daily deal....I was a little wary to buy it at first due to some of the mixed reviews (at the time), but I had wanted to try it for awhile and decided to go for it. Well, I am very glad I did!The BF and I decided to share two entrees, the cocomo (?) chicken and the jerk pork plate. The chicken was good, it had a coconut crust that was a bit crispy and had a sweet sauce on it. It came with some delicious fried plantains and rice and beans that weren't my thing, but the BF loved it! As good as the chicken was, the jerk pork is where it's at! The pork was spicy, savory, and abundant. The dish came with johnny cakes that went perfectly with the pork... they are like slightly sweeter and richer corn bread. Ridiculously tasty. It also came with the same plantains, but the rice had a delicious salsa on it that was sweet and spicy...the BF didn't like the salsa, but I loved it! (worked out perfectly, huh?). Needless to say, I can't wait to come back and try this place again. PS A table by us got the coconut banana pie and I was just about drooling....it looked so good, that's on the must try list for next time.
4	Good food good time
5	I visit this place for the 1st time last week. I had passed this place a couple of times and really wanted to visit mostly due to the outdoor seating and look of the restaurant. I went on a Wednesday night, they had late happy hour which was great. Got a Pink Bikini Martini which was good, Hawaiian Ceviche which was awesome, nice chucks of fish yummy!!!, Also I got the sweet potato fries...loved them. These were just the appetizers which were like $3-$5 during the happy hour time. Since they were so cheap I kinda stocked up on the appetizers. For the main course I have the Spicy Thai Chicken Bowl, OMG..it was so good. The wait staff was quick and attentive and it was a little busy. I would mos def go back to this place, good food, good ambience, great place to go just chill out.
4	Very casual vibe, friendly staff, nice location, good food and drinks - what's not to like about Hula's. A great place to relax and dine with friends and pretty much any place you sit is a good place - the bar, the patio, the main dining area. Parking can be a bit tricky during peak times, though.
5	We went last Friday for the first time since last fall and holy crap, when did it become such a cool place to be?! We used to get a table on the awesome patio but this time had to squeeze into a tiny table inside. Oh well. Good for them!Parking is a bitch so I found the gravel lot and hoofed it. It's ok--you don't have to wear hooker heels here to fit in.Happy hour is a decent deal--$2 off drinks. But when the full price is just $7-9 for a mixed drink, don't feel bad if you miss the 6pm cut off! My fave is the ahi tuna burger. It's not ground up--it's a giant hunk 'o fish, cooked perfectly. I paired it with the sweet potato fries. If they're from a frozen bag, I'd be shocked. Or maybe I don't care; they at least look homemade! My girlfriend got the tacos and raved--two (plus the rice, etc.) made for a filling dinner. Portions are perfect.Drinks are clever and super strong, so, please, get a cab. Love the mixed crowd here--everyone is welcome!
5	Had to come check this place out because there is one back home. Just to help me miss home even more, I went here for a late lunch. I had the Polynesian Chiken Sandwich with Sweet Potatoes. Great atmosphere, friendly welcoming workers, and of course delicious food. The portions have always been too much for me, but there is always that option for a to-go box. I haven't been to any happy hour functions, but this place is always packed & busy. I will bring good company next time I go instead of being a loner girl at the bar, Aloha!
5	I really do not know why it took so long for me to find this place!! It has such a great, relaxed vibe and oh man the mai tais are incredible! [I highly recommend the Dr. Funk!]
3	I don't get this place. The food os so mediocre and the rum drinks are so sweet. I guess it is just not my thing. Service was friendly and quick.
5	Ah, to the many countless nights I have spent here soaking up what I refer to as "the best drinks in the valley" hands down. To the mornings I have spent recovering from similar nights.  Hulas will always be on the tip of my tongue the second someone ask "where should we go in Central Phoenix?"  The fish cakes are amazing, as is everything else.  The service is incredible.  The ladies there make sure I am never empty handed (even if that means delivering it to me while I get distracted hitting on certain people ::clears throat:: Dana)Hula's is where I typically bring my first dates, just ask the servers I'm sure they will attest.  I have held my last two birthday parties here and they are always more than accommodating.  Whether is brunch, lunch, dinner or drinks you can't go wrong here.
5	everything is delish. go on the weekend for $2 mimosasssss!!! its very trendy, a great place to just sit each and enjoy.
5	Seriously? Yes. Just yes.My review is yes.Anytime anyone asks if I want to eat here, the answer is yes.This place is GREAT!Love the tea. the drinks. the food. the service. the atmosphere.It's dog friendly! Theres a great fireplace outside. Can you sense my excitement?!To be fair, I typically order the same thing when I go (polynesian chicken sandwhich & sweet potatoe fries)We recently went during happy hour and had these bomb little shrimp appys? Stop reading my review, and just go. This place is a must.
3	Food and atmosphere very good. Service...meh.
2	I realize the review page says Hula is not a place for kids but since it was 1:00, in the p.m. I figured my husb. and I could give it a try with our 3 year old and not give anyone a heart attack.  Mosly elderly folks at this time of day.  We were greeted timely enough and allowed to sit where we pleased.  Chose the booth seat against mirrored wall.  Our boy was well behaved, only a little loud happy talking here and there.  He coiored with crayons and paper that we brought.  Stayed at the table with us.  We were not told someone will be with you in a moment by other server who tended to others for about 5 minutes.  When our server came, we ordered tea, water, a fancy juice for our boy and shrimp rolls.  Shrimp rolls came before drinks.  They were crispy on outside but filled with imitation crab and only a few bits of shrimp.  Good sauce.Tea and water came and then then a few minutes later the juice.  The boy enjoyed a big juice with cerrries, oranges, and an umbrella.Husb. ordered a fish dinner with sweet potato fries, ceasar salad and mac n' cheese for our boy.  Would share.It was a LONG time before main food finally came.  I asked about it as we all were getting antsy.  Server told us that it would be less than 5 minutes as they were waiting on the mac n' cheese.  She said sandwich (we didn't order a sandwich but we took it anyway) was ready and did we want it now, before the mac n' cheese.  Yes!Sandwich and fries came out COLD and the salad came out warm.  All three tasty though.  Mac n' cheese came too and it was NOT hot.All in all, maybe they didn't like that we had a 3 year old with us.  There was a group of young twentish girls giving us the eye.Don't worry, we'll never take him there again.  Not sure if I'll even go with girlfriends for happy hour.
4	I had a very late lunch earlier in the day and stopped by Hula's Modern Tiki around 9 PM for a very quick bite.  I sat outside on a beautful spring evening and enjoyed Seared Ahi on Wonton Crisps(On Starter section of Menu) and a delicious slice of Key Lime Pie.  I did not like the Beverage that I ordered but would come again for dining.
5	I'll get the drama out of the way now and say, unequivocally, I love, love, love this restaurant.  My wife and I are vegetarian, and it's not only veg-friendly, it's excellent.  Their veggie burger is one of the best I've had in the city, and Dr. Funk may be my favorite drink of all time, with the Scorpion Bowl coming in a close second.  Spicy tofu tacos?  Excellent.  My favorite dish is, by far, the Jungle Tofu bowl, which should always leave me with a to-go box, but is always consumed fully on the premises.  I almost never get dessert anywhere, but their key lime pie is the best I've had since Key West...no kidding.Parking can be a bit of a bear on the wrong night here, but my favorite time to visit is on a Saturday afternoon when it's almost always quiet and relaxing.  We have an electric car, and their two charging stations are a plus, but at night they are almost always occupied by gas burners.  And before I forget, the staff here has always been lovely, from the hosts, to the bar and wait staff.  As a last word, Hula is my go-to place when I need to relax and forget about my troubles.  They really make me feel like I'm on a tropical island.
4	Hawaiian pork tacos were really tasty!  Prompt courteous service. Good atmosphere.
4	We ended up here on a pub crawl and made a mental note to come back.  I'm glad we did!  The drinks are fabulous and you can't beat happy hour prices.  The sweet potato fries *are* tasty but they are far from the best thing on the menu.  My guest and I had a difficult time choosing our entrees because there were so many things that looked good.  A word to the spice sensitive - things tend to run on the spicy side here so be sure to ask your server.  We had great service and it wasn't crowded.  I'm even considering hosting my birthday dinner here.  Definitely a fun place!
5	Extra points for a thank you for my review from the owner!  It's awesome to know that he cares about the guest experience enough to respond.  I do not, unfortunately, live close to Hula's but I can't wait to go back.  :)
4	I love Hawaii and I love rum and Tiki's and like Polynesian sauce from Chick Fil-A and I like Pineapples and cool looking glasses and happy hours.  I love Hulas because it has all these things.  What really makes this place is the drinks, I haven't had such good tropical drinks since i visited Hawaii, seriously they hold up and hold up well plus they come in awesome glasses that you can purchase or if your a real douche steal ( I don't condone that).  The only reason Hulas doesnt get 5 stars from me is the food, its been hit and miss for me.  Not bad but not AMAZING, and when you build a place like this with such fantastic drinks and an excellent ambiance you would only expect the food to follow suit.  That being said I will go again and try something new again and hopefully I'll find that dish that blows me away but for the mean time I'll enjoy drinking like I'm on a tropical island in the middle of the desert.
5	Hands down, one of my favorite restaurants. It's a frequent on Wednesdays for their all night happy hour. Also Sunday all day happy hour, cant beat $2 mimosas! I eat out a lot, and hit this place at least once a week. Service is always great, food is fabulous, and the location is awesome!
5	First visit to Hula today for lunch.  The Big Sur Black Bean Burger (their version of a veggie burger) was excellent, and it's true ... it's the best in town.  My son had the pork tacos and he said they were delicious.  Great place.  I'll be back!
4	Everything I put in my mouth at Hula's was amazing. Started off with a blood orange margarita, tart but loved it. Then The Volcano was delivered to our party of 8. It tasted like jungle juice and served family-style. For dinner I had the pulled pork sandwich with coleslaw on top and sweet potato fries. I think the fries were my favorite, then the coleslaw, and the pork last. It was all tasty though. Since it was a friend's birthday, they brought their signature sundae which was heavenly. Vanilla ice cream with macadamia nuts mixed in, topped with toasted coconut and other stuff. Overall, pretty stoked with my food choices. Server was awesome until we asked to split the check. She should have asked first! Just a little 'tude but oh we'll. Definitely want to go back and try other deliciousness.
4	PATIO-PATIO-PATIO! It was a little tricky to get seated, but we got it done and were happy how fast the service was once seated. Food is good to really good. SPICY EDAMAME for a starter. Hella good! I kept it real and had the HULA BURGER. Basic burger, but I have to really be more excited about the Volcano Bowl! Careful, do not drink too fast and share with 6 people or you will be tore up! Can't wait to go back!
4	Tasty drinks but kinda wimpy. Sweet potato fries, Mac n cheese, fried plantains. All highly recommended. Great place to sit outdoors n hang w great company.
4	Food was good, more or less timely.  It's right in gay central Phoenix, so if you don't like those of alternate sexual tastes its probably not up your alley, but all in all not too bad. Kind of close seating quarters inside, so definitely if you aren't into gay dudes, sit outside.
4	Really enjoy brunch here, lunch and even dinner. When the weather is nice it's fun to sit out on the patio. We really like the South Seas Fish Tacos and HULA'S Hangover Hash. Then if you need an afternoon cocktail go for a Dr. Funk or a Painkiller.
5	Hula's Modern Tiki is always a win!Great indoor and outdoor seating. Wonderful island-style music that gets you relaxed and thinking that maybe there is a body of water somewhere nearby (not a chance in Phoenix).I got the chicken skewers, which were moist and came with great dipping sauce. My husband loves the black bean burger here (a great option for vegetarians). They have good drinks and good service. We have come here alone and with friends and we always have a good time. Love the location and the mid-century modern style of the place, too! Very Mad Men, if Don Draper took a trip to Polynesia!
5	This place has always had good food and good service, but in the past the service has been sort of slow when I've dined there during the lunch hour with larger groups. However, I have nothing bad to say about them after the visit I experienced this week. The food was excellent, the server was polite and attentive, and two different workers were constantly refilling drinks. On top of that, they were busy and still able to give us ample attention!
4	First time visiting Hulas, and I really enjoyed it. The atmosphere and ambiance is very laid back and tropical, with tiki heads and surfer posters everywhere. Clean, friendly, and an awesome drink menu! Cuisine offers a mix of seafood and island favorites with your standard burgers, steaks and fries. Vegetarian options are readily available. Our party had no problems with service on a busy saturday night. I ordered the ribeye with mashed potatoes, cooked medium rare. I'm not the biggest fan of ribeyes, and the price was a little steep, but overall the meal was flavorful and hot. I'd have to say that the real highlight here is their tropical drinks. Men, here is a bar where you can order a Mai Tai with no shame. No touristy girl drinks here, only strong Mai Tais made with excellent rum! If you're a fan of the 50s and 60s like I am, or you're looking for something new for dinner and drinks, try it out!
2	Great food Horrible service.
4	Favorite things: 1. Blood Orange Martini2. Thai Fish Cakes3. Fish Bites4. Cool, modern, retro decor5. Great patio area6. Really great bar service7. LocationOnly thing keeping me from giving it 5 stars: 1. Price, however it redeems itself during happy hour!I have a favorite drink now, and it is the Blood Orange Martini from Hula's. The Pink Bikini is good, and if you want more bang for your buck order the Zombie. Tiki drinks run about $7 or $5 during happy hour. Really great place to relax, but if you are on a budget this place can be a bank buster. The appetizers all look amazing, and I've order fish bites, thai fish cakes, and sweet potato fries. Mmm...the fish is so fresh and the dipping sauces have me swooned just as much as the BO martini. I'll frequent this place more often, but know that 3 drinks or 2 and an appetizer is gonna run me around $25...eek.
4	I'm surprised I never wrote a review for Hula's..... Well, better late than never!Hula's has yummy food and a yummy vibe.  The interior is fun and feels contemporary island.  There's a large patio for those mild nights and wintertime.The best thing about Hula is their Caesar salads.  Most of the entrees have an option for Caesar salad or sweet potato fries or something else.  Please get the Caesar salad.  If you must, then go with the sweet potato fries.  Or, you can do like my friend and I, and split a chicken Caesar salad and black bean burger with a side of sweet potato fries.  Not only will the kitchen split everything for you, you get the best of everything.  On the last visit, we had the two entrees and four vodka cocktails and our bill was about $55.  I'd say that's a smoking deal.  It's right off of the light rail and I hear they have an amazing brunch.  I can't wait to get up early enough on the weekend to try it!
5	What a find....  trendy, friendly and fabulous.  This is the type of place that I call home. Hula's has something for everyone with Island cuisine from coast to coast and anywhere in between but still has room for a twist of the American Burger that keeps him happy.   We found this place around the time it first opened as we were trying out the light rail.   We were not quite sure if we should go in because after bumming on the light rail all day the trendy setting threw us off.   The unique building was an eye catcher and at first we were not sure if it was a restaurant so as the explorers we are we went up to the door and then when I realized this was a restaurant we asked to see a menu.  My now Fiance took one quick look at the menu and started to walk a way and so I began to follow.  The owner Dana grabbed us and convinced us to give it a shot.  In fact he made such an impression that we have become regulars.  Dana the owner makes this place feel like cheers because every time we come in everyone knows our names.   We laugh and joke with the eclectic mix of staff who is always friendly, courteous and professional.   If that isn't enough, the prices and great food will keep you coming back.   Yes that is the start of our love affair with a place called Hula's and it hasn't ended in all this time.  You might ask me why not because I haven't gotten to the end of the menu yet nor have I gotten all the receipts.  These are the foods that you never tire of.   I have always started with sweet potato fries with Hula's own mouth watering sauce as an appetizer because you can not go their without trying this dish.  The first year I could only eat  the Jamaican Jerk plate that was so good I use to crave it all the time.  I then ventured on to their shrimp rolls and lunch portion salads with just the right amount for lunch with friends.  I have ventured even further for happy hour with the girls I tried the ceviche, crab cakes and taco's with Dr Funk giving us his blessing with a RX for the soul.  Some of my fav's are any of the Bowl dishes, Hearty Black-bean burger and the fresh fish catch of the day.   Hula's has a perfect blend of ambiance. I always tell everyone I know that they should come in and tell them we sent you.Did you hear now next door they have a new frozen Yogurt place called Twirl?   I have been thinking about the Red Velvet every since I visited on Friday.  I'm not sure I will ever leave.  LOL   Eat, Live and Enjoy....  I know you will.
4	Hula's was my very first check in on Yelp, over a year ago.  It was not until recently that I even began writing reviews, now I'm addicted.  I used to live closer and we would go during Tiki Time.  I had a bad service experience and ceased coming until my wife talked me into going again.  It is what it is and I am happy to have gone back.Hula's is one of the few places that offers "Poke" so this is one of the main reasons I am now a fan.  Their Poke is a different style then I am used to, but good none the less.  They also offer nice stiff drinks and have a nice selection.  I honestly have to say I have not been overly impressed with any entrees I have had, but definitely enjoy the appetizers.  This doesn't mean that I will not try more, I just have to find the right one.I almost gave only 3 stars, but because of the Poke, drinks, and your outstanding building I upped it to 4.  I will be back and hungry for more Poke, thank you Hula's.
4	Couldn't choose between the ribs or the Luau pork plate and the waiter recommended the pork. I thought it was all right, but they sure doused it in 12 gallons of soy sauce and sort of over did it with the sweet pineapples. After being forced to eat white rice every night for the past 19 years due to a very persuasive/aggressive Asian mother, I vowed to stop eating it when I got out of the house but because it was so overly sweet and salty, I had to ask for more of the rice that came with it just to mellow my mouth out. While I should give it 3 stars, I can honestly say that you cannot beat their happy hour prices. Thanks to this place, my boyfriend and my wallet are both happy and he's able to drop his 'macho' guard, He now happily drinks Orange Martinis and Mai Tai's, but at Hula's. Anywhere else and it's back to his manly Samuel Adams and Four Peaks. Le sigh.
5	Since I'm a big fan of The Torch Theatre, I often frequent Hula's before shows to grab dinner and a drink. I love that the atmosphere is so laid back, with a beautiful outdoor patio and fire pit. There's typically no wait when it's just my husband and I, even on weekend evenings. The hostess always seats us promptly. The drink menu is extensive and the menu very diverse. My favorites are the panko-crusted fish bites and their sweet potato fries...well, maybe the sauce that comes with them too.While all my experiences have been good, I do want to focus on one extraordinary act of service I had last month. I was hosting 15 individuals for a work conference and wanted to take them to a show at Torch. I called Hula's the day before and they told me they couldn't host us all at one table as all the reservations had been booked, but they could do a few tables outside. I didn't mind, as long as we could eat there.Unfortunately nothing ever goes as planned with that amount of people, and so we all showed up at different times, with the majority of us 10 minutes late. Not only did Hula's honor our reservation, but they had managed to put us all at one long table.Being late, we only had about an hour to drink, order and eat before the show. The server, whose name escapes me, was blessedly patient. We ordered and were served with 20 minutes -- all 15 people. All our orders were correct and timely. I've never seen that happen with a large group ever. I was incredibly impressed and will have no qualms about bringing a large party to Hula's in the future.
4	Finally made our way here and happy we did. I had the calamari sandwich with fries. While it wasn't what I was expecting (think Spanish calamari bocadillo) it was still good. The fries were great!  The experience was good enough that I def want to come back to try the steak sandwich. I'll update my review after another visit, but I was happy with our first time here. The bf LOVED the jerk chicken and if he likes your food, I'll def give the menu another shot.
4	I think I've been putting of writing a Hula review. DON'T GO HERE!! It's wonderful, and I like that there's almost always somewhere to sit without waiting!!Expect to see someone you know, or someone you want to know at Hula. Watch whatever craziness they have projected on the wall without apology. Order the second drink you want, you can always sit and while away a little more time.Brunch on the patio! Black bean burger! Sweet potato fries! Moscow Mule (sub Hendricks and say yes to the bitters)! Dark and Stormies! Yum! Yum! Yum!Tiki paraphenalia, vintage LA photos, consistently good service, modern touches in the decor, a gutted and re-purposed central Phoenix landmark building, a chic firepit, umbrellas and mist, high seats, low seats, group seats, booth seats, open kitchen, electric car charging, bike rack, lightrail access, I mean really, what's not to like?A word of caution: if you are not in the mood for an epic night, if you must get something done afterward, if you have any reason to drive posthaste, then DON'T ORDER THE SCORPION BOWL. It tastes so good when it hits your lips. If you're not careful, we'll be calling you Mr. Toad (the morning after your wild ride)!
5	I have not been here for over a year but have been wanting to write a review.  It was a nice evening and the garage doors/walls were open.  Hula's has a very comfortable atmosphere.  We started with the Spicy Edamame, loved them!  For main course, I had the Lemongrass Encrusted Butterfish.  My husband had Duke's Luau Pork Plate.  They were both good but I liked the fish better.  I am planning on going again when the weather cools down.
5	Ohhh Hula's. I've been here on one occasion so far and I can't wait to go back. We went there on a Saturday night before heading out to our favorite club, Sanctum which is really close. There was no wait, we were seated promptly and our very nice server got us our drinks right away. The decor and ambiance was lovely- 50s tiki theme, good music, and low key people.I really appreciate places with great, fresh salads and tasty cocktails and Hula's delivered. I order the spicy caesar salad with grilled shrimp and a Mai Tai. It was SO GOOD. The salad was a huge portion, the ingredients were fresh, and the shrimp was grilled to perfection. The Mai Tai was great as well and it wasn't a typical girly Mai Tai. It was strong and I had a great buzz going after drinking it.On Saturday nights we usually like to chill at the restaurant for a couple hours before heading out to the club where the music is really loud and we can't talk. Hula's had no problem with this and we were able to sit there for a while and chat without being bothered to leave.I'm really surprised at the mediocre reviews this place has gotten because I had a great meal and was highly satisfied :)
5	I had my birthday luncheon/happy hour here this past weekend  - wonderful time.  Bar staff kept my group plied with booze and food.  Unfortunately, there are still about 49 things on the menu that I haven't tried.  I guess I'll have to go back.  :)
4	I think I fall in love with Hula's a little more each time I'm there! The first few times we just went for drinks and drinks turned into lunches, happy hours and now Hula's is a go-to spot for dinner. The vibe is laid back, but cute enough for a date night, the patio is spacious and wonderful for springtime cocktails on the patio and it's been the perfect place for casual business lunches on occasion. The service is always great which is soooo key, but the food is my favorite part. I've never had a single thing I didn't love and continue to try new things. My husband love mexican/american and I'm obsessed with anything asian influenced and this menu proves to be one that gets both of our mouths watering. Favorites: The spicy shrimp caesar salad is unreal delicious and huge Island Style Poke appetizer - a must try. We're obsessed.The tacos are deliciousI'm in love with the Spicy Thai Chicken Bowl.You can't go wrong.
5	I can't begin to tell you how awesome this place is! The servers are friendly and the food is to die for! I went with my friends for my birthday and I was kind of nervous with there being 16 of us.  Often times, splitting checks, ordering etc can be a bear with a large party.  Not at Hula's.  Water and drinks were kept full and she was always checking on us.  I even got a bowl of the most amazing ice cream with macadamia nuts in it...with a candle! ;-) It's not often that everyone at the table enjoys their food...but it happened last night!  I ordered the calamari sandwich which was delicious.  The calamari steak was sliced and on a sandwich topped with some really good slaw.  I asked the waitress which of the fries were better and she suggested that I just mix them which I did.  The regular fries were good, but man oh man...the sweet potato fries were fantastic!  We started with some spicy edamame...take my advice and order some of it next time! You won't be sorry!  As far as cocktails go, I am not a fan of super sweet drinks so I asked our server what she suggested.  I went with her suggestion and ordered the Blood Orange Martini and ended up have 2 of them.  All in all, Hula's made my birthday celebration very special and everyone enjoyed their time there!  We'll definitely be going back!!!
5	I had driven past this place many times and finally made it in this weekend! The food was excellent ! I had the Ahi Wasabi Bowl and it tasted amazing. My friend ordered the Jamaican Jerk Chicken and it had great flavor as well.  The sweet potato fries were really good but not the best I've had but that might be because I have a favorite place for that.  When it comes to drinks .. I will give them kudos because they are tasty and pretty strong!  Service was great! Definitely visiting this place again!
4	A trendy place in CenPho..when we got there the place was jam packed.. It was happy hour..we ended up sitting on the patio which was nice. We started with the coconut shrimp egg rolls which were amazing. I got the shrimp tacos and my buddy got the rice bowl and after seeing it I wish that I had gotten it..all in all great food and service and nice location on Central Ave.
5	Oh Hula'sThe first time we came in a noticed the spicy shrimp caesar.  I thought mango in a caesar was a pretty odd choice.  I tried it thinking that the two really didn't go together but was pleasantly surprised!  The next trip I ordered the Jerk Pork.  Holy pig.  Seriously, this pork was melt in your mouth tender.  Chewing was hardly necessary.  The flavor was really really good.  All of the sides were delicious, the fried plantains were just right and the Jamaican johnny cakes were passed around our table for everyone to try.Out of all the guests we have taken with us no one has ever left disappointed.  We have yet to run into anything mediocre and always look forward to our next trip.
4	We have some new friends who have never ridden the light rail.  The 4 of us decided to take a trip downtown and pick a restaurant that was an easy walk and one the we could enjoy for less than $50 a couple with a few drinks.After doing the required internet searches we ended up at Hula's Modern Tiki on a Friday night in July.  We arrived around 6:30 and wanted to eat inside (they have a cute outdoor patio) as it was still a hot.  We were the first ones on the waiting list and created a seat at the bar.  Cute place filled with Hawaii type memorabilia.  My wife's Mai Tai was very good which can be a challenge to find in Phoenix.We were seat in about 15 minutes.  The wait staff was adequate.  The spicy edamami was actually spicy and I ended up eating most of it.  We ordered the Ahi Taco's and the Carne Asada Taco's.  Each were two large taco's stuff with Ahi tuna and steak cooked to order.  There was enough for 3 or 4 taco's each.  Delicious.  My wife enjoyed the black bean and rice combination and she doesn't do beans.  The concrete floors make the atmosphere a little noisy but not obnoxiously so.  The 4 us were able to carry on a "real conversation".  I also notice a manager type "floating around" obviously paying attention to the details.  It showed.  I later introduced myself to the manager (Dana) who turned out to be the owner.  I always enjoy a restaurant where the owner/manager is actively involved.The price came in right at $40  and we all agreed we would go back again.  It would be a really fun place on the patio when the weather cools.
4	Throw the word "tiki" into any phrase and you've got a party.  No exception here.  Hula's has perfected the art of combining meat with fruit/sweets (love the coconut shrimp rolls) and those Hawaiian inspired cocktails that knock you on your butt.  Want a drink that's on fire? No need to head to Springfield for a Flaming Moe, you can order a cocktail here that literally comes in a flaming bowl.  The atmosphere is fun and the place is bright and cheerful in the day and dim and cozy at night.  The service is always excellent.  Or maybe that's just what you think after a couple of their drinks... It's a great little spot, definitely worth your time to check it out!
4	This is a new favorite for my wife and I.  I love the tiki decor, but it's classy retro cool and not overdone.  They still have a great selection of tropical drinks in tiki glasses though, some of which I recognize from the old tiki cocktail books.  You can get glasses to take home too.  It's cozy and perfect for a date or with a small group of friends.  The food is excellent with a lot of pork and seafood in Polynesian inspired dishes.  Service is good, attentive and prompt without being intrusive.  Overall, it's an excellent option when you are near downtown.
5	Hands down the best food around!!!! The staff is friendly . We have not had anything less than stellar food and awesome service. We recomend hula's every chance we get and after an always great meal we shoot across the parking lot for some delicious yogurt. Great job dana and niki! We look forward to the next chance we get to eat there..Keep up the good job!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
4	Once again, a great meal at Hula's! We got there at Happy Hour time, so it was a little chaotic, but we were seating in about 5 minutes. The staff there is always super friendly and we were lucky that Dana came and said hi. He's an owner who "gets it" when it comes to responding to customers, as he did after my first review.The Jamaican Jerk Chicken Plate was uh-mazing! When it arrived and I saw the portion of chicken, I almost asked if they had made a mistake. It was a HUGE pile of jerk chicken! The dish also came with Johnny Cakes. Corn cakes with spices and fruit? Yes, please! Fried plantains are also one of my favorites and theirs were perfect! The right amount of crispy on the edges and sweet and and and foodgasm!This place is always busy when I drive by. Know what that says? Just another great spot to eat in CenPho!Thanks, Dana!
4	What a fun place!! I have had tiki in my blood ever since I saw my first coconut bra.  I love the decor, I appreciate what they are trying to do with the food and just really love that a place this cute is right down the road from my apartment.  My chicken was ok- next time I will try the tacos, I think I just ordered something that wasn't a good fit for me.  The waitress was super nice and the whole experience was just really nice and chill.
4	Stopped in for lunch and decided to sit at the bar. Jeannie loves their ice tea so that was her call and I went with the Kona wheat. The Kona has a little passion fruit in it, so you weissen purists might not be game. Have had it in bottle and draft and think I like the draft better.  We shared the fish tacos and Steve split the plate for us without a request. He seemed to be one step ahead of each request. Great guy. Tried the spicy seaweed salad. Awesome! It has some heat behind it, but it was super tasty. Only bad part of our visit is I left without getting a Mai tai!
5	It's been a while since I've been here to eat, but what I remember, the food is awesome. Tropical style with fresh flavors like mango and coconut. Plenty of fresh fish. The decor is modern tiki like the name says. The patio is great especially when weather permits. Their happy hour specials are great and the uniqueness of the drinks is a fantastic plus. It's always nice to sit down at a bar and strike up conversation with the guy 2 seats away as well as the bartender. The staff were definitely friendly. I wish there was one of these closer to the East side.
4	I met some friends out for dinner and drinks.  The service was pretty good. Our waiter was nice but we had to flag him down a lot.  We were able to sit for over 3 hours without feeling rushed at all.  Plus the prices were quite reasonable.We started with the chicken sticks which were great.  I had the Ahi Tacos that were messy but super delicious.  My friend had the ribs and another friend had a chicken dish, both of which I would also recommend.  They have a long list of cocktails which were all delicious, but it is hard to find something without pineapple.They have a nice outdoor patio but we couldn't enjoy that because it was one of those weird experiences of rain in the desert.  Overall I'm glad I went and I would recommend again.
5	within seconds of posting my review, the owner messaged me and offered to buy me tacos!! this just made me love hula's even more.  dana, i will be back- a lot, we had such a great time.  you had me at hula.
4	We go to Hula's in a big group of about 30 people after our dodgeball league downtown on Tuesdays.  We let them know we are coming and they are always very accommodating.  All of the young 20 something servers do a good job and never have any sort of bad attitude, even though we are slamming them with a rush close to close. This place is not to expensive, but the outdoor area and general atmosphere is pretty cool.  Not to trendy, but enough to notice.The Asian style chicken kabobs ( I think the menu name is something like Surfrider chicken sticks???) are to die for.  I have been here 3 times and have not gotten anything else.  A lot of others in our group seemed to have LOVED them as well.  There really are beyond delicious and very affordable.Great Service, great food.
4	Came in on a Saturday night just before the rush and got seats. Healthy menu and fun drinks. Loved my fish tacos with black beans and rice.  Only complaint: we were jammed in ( the table are close). Don't expect to have private conversations. Just good food.
5	Stumbled upon Hula's with my girlfriends in the winter and we fell in love.  I think we came 3 straight weeks in a row even though we were suppose to be trying new restaurants out.  We couldn't help it, we would go on Wednesday nights when happy hour was all night.  They have delicious drinks and appetizers, I love the sweet potato fries and the crispy coconut shrimp rolls.  I have tried many of their dinner items and always come back to getting a huge house salad with chicken.  The dressing is amazing!  Absolutely love Hula's and would recommend it to anyone!
4	A very nice bar that's right off the light rail on Central Ave in Downtown Phoenix...great drink menu and huge outdoor seating.  Haven't tried any of the food, but a great place to meet up with friends.
5	SOUTH SEAS FISH TACOS!!!  Yep, I said it.  And to wash it down Dr. Funk (if you're by yourself.  If you have a friend or two, Volcano Bowl (its worth it)
5	I LOVE Hula's! Hula's has such an amazing happy hour. I love their appetizers, especially the coconut shrimp rolls, potstickers, and calamari. The pulled pork sandwich is delicious as well. I'm the biggest fan of their signature cocktails. I'm not one for fruity drinks, but I really like theirs! Dr. Funk is a must-try, and I love how it's served in a Tiki glass. Blood Orange Martini is by far my favorite though. Such amazing flavors! Never have had a problem with service here. The only complaint I have would be about the size of the appetizers for the price. But that's why I stick to happy hour :)
5	I'm new to this Yelp stuff so this is my first check in here but I'd say this is probably my tenth visit since moving to the midtown area and frankly their really isnt anything I'd change I mean they don't try to be anything they aren't they do what they do and they do it well really well..... Til next time
4	This place has gone downhill. At least at night it goes down hill. Where are these people coming from? Geeze, I feel like I walked in to an episode of Jersey Shore. Blegh. The food is still pretty good, the volcano bowl is disgusting but worth the try. Hubs and I went one night just to hang out. It's so cramped. You are sitting on top of everyone around you. The good part of that is we had some good laughs at some RIDICULOUS conversations that were happening around us. I won't be visiting this place at night ever again. I may hit up Hula for some mimosas though. This place is much better for a nice brunch than it is for a night out.
4	I came here once for a work event and after a few hours my boss said he had to leave before I "drank everything on the menu." I always have fun when I come to Hula's and I love their cocktails. I last wound up here with Laura L.; Liz S.; Tom S.; J.D.L. and Kelly R. after doing Happy Hour at Fez and we had a great time drinking and having some food. We had two of the whopping huge drinks that come with four straws and flaming rum in the middle. My favorite drinks are the Dr. Funk and the Blood Orange Martini but they have some great beers and lots of other yummy cocktails on the menu.I also LOVE the Spicy Thai Fish Cakes...DELISH!!!!! Great Happy Hour specials and an awesome patio....once summer is over!
5	Third time's still a charm! This time I got the Luau pork sandwich which is sweet, shredded pork on a bun with coleslaw. I'm usually not a fan of slaws but this one was not too sweet and really complimented the pork. And, as before, the sweet potato fries were awesome with Hula's dressing dip. Super friendly server on the patio, too.Also used Yelp to get $5 off when I checked in - so without a drink, it was just over $6! Awesome deal.I'll finally give it that 5th star for service, taste, environment and prices.
5	I've been to Hula's many times both for happy hour and dinner and the selection is great! They have a creative menu and the drinks are fun and full of flavor! The fish tacos and seaweed salad are probably our favorites. We tried the bean burger and sweet potato fries which was actually really good! I would recommend this place to anyone looking for great food, a chill atmosphere, and great pricing. If you want to wrap up with desert they just opened up Twist next door for a great selection of frozen yogurt!
3	We went there for lunch and everything was good. I've got to say the company was what made the lunch truly enjoyable but I'd go back there again.
5	So I reviewed Hula's a couple months back with a not-so-satisfied tale of my first visit. And it's true, the first time I went our waitress did not appear very happy when we said we were skipping dinner and only doing drinks... and proceeded to ignore us most of time... but perhaps it was an off night for the poor girl. Despite that night, I did not give up on Hula's and have since been back numerous times (is it bad that it's pretty much weekly?).Why I frequent:- Best bean burger known to man.- Literally every cocktail on the menu is delicious...   and served in a funky tiki glass.- Any dish with fish can be replaced with tofu....all at a very reasonable price.
2	No no no I did not want this to happen with this place.... I've wanted so much for them always to have great reviews from me in fact after my first review I wasn't planning on another for awhile.... Let's hope it was just a bad day.... So it started okay with the appetizer suggested by John the bartender the beef kabobs great sauce.... From there downhill..... As I said in my first review this place is great cuz they dont try to be something their not so maybe I should have stayed with the fish and opted away from a rib eye steak it was horribly under cooked to raw to break down the marbling you get with a rib eye to keep it from being tuff..... But hey who orders a steak in the middle of the afternoon right.... Asked for fresh veggies and Wasabi mashed for my side's....... Ended up with french fries and mashed potatoes huh..... So quickly they remedied the situation with snap peas which I love but there was just something off about these can't put my finger on what it was........   I'm not happy about this review but in the interest of being fair it needed to be written..... I'm sorry guys but I'll be back heck maybe it was just me having a bad day....... Til next time
5	Visited for the first time today. The staff were very friendly and helpful. They were having live music but I was not able to stay.  The food was good and not expensive. It's a small place so if you have a large group you may want to make a reservation. The banana cream pie is so good. I will be back for more.
5	Ahi poke' was amazing ! We had to order an extra. Drinks were cool and refreshing. Spicy Thai chicken bowl and butterfish were also very tasty. Our waitress was super cool and attentive. Def gonna go back.
5	So let me start this review with the embarrassing admission that I walked outside to make a phone call and have a cigarette the other night and completely forgot that I had not yet paid for my dinner and drinks which I guess is a testament to the strength of the Mai Tia's that John was feeding me all night I kept begging him to stop but to no avail...... there I did find someone to blame..... not that I am advocating this kind of behavior there was however a quiet understanding of hey I've been there before by Dana whom I emailed my apologies to immediately the next morning and was informed that it wasn't a big deal and to just cover it the next time I rolled in.......  Okay so now having said all of this I did have a point to make ........ the food, the people, the service, the atmosphere, all deserve 5 stars as they almost always do It's not that I had anything new and exciting I had the same thing I often do the Samurai beef sticks with the Butter fish pan fried.... that's the point I'm trying to make even though I had what I've had several times before it was so on point it made me want to come back again and again and again like I said in my first review they do what they do and they do it well....... Til next time  P.S. as I had said in my last review that I hoped they were just having a bad day in my opinion that is exactly what  happened for the sole reason that my great meals have for out weighed any bad meal (as in singular)  that I have ever had at Hula's
4	Super Hawaiian Food. Restaurant Ambiance and Style gets a 5 star, very catchy and modern. Might go again once.
5	This place is so cute. Perfect hangover brunch spot. The food is actually pretty good. It is nice and chill. Great atmosphere.
4	The fish sandwich never disappoints, and paired with the sweet potato fries it is divine! Great atmosphere and great drink specials for happy hour. Wailua wheat on tap!
4	Wow, I went in wanting to not like this place and I REALLY liked it.Unique drinks including a pineapple wine. Which has a pineapple nose and a pino gris finish. A few veggie options and the BEST edamame in town!The edamame are not usual the are tossed with a chili and green onion spicy glaze that I loved! The paio is great too large open and not too loud.The tofu rice bowl at $11 was good too with a nut curry sauce veggies and long strips of tofu.I saw a Punch bowl with fire on another table, so I assure you I will be back to try this.
5	I'm giving this review 5 stars purely on tue customer service alone. We slid into this joint on a sat evening around 8pm. There was a good crowd going, but not packed. We were allowed to pick our own seat, and our waiter greeted us promptly. I ordered a Mai tai ( the drink is strong, and I recommend it). The drinks came out quickly, and we put in an order of pot stickers. I can't say I enjoyed them too much, they were crunchy, like deep fried instead of the traditional pan fried. We then ordered the entrees. I had the spicy thai chicken bowl, and she had the pork tacos. The Thai bowl wasn't spicy, but it was HUGE and good. The pork tacos though...were much better than what I had. It made me wish I had ordered those instead. Lastly we ordered chocolate macadamia nut brownie that was delivered hot, with a side of vanilla ice cream with nuts in it. The brownies were very rich, and the ice cream complimented it very well. The highlight for me was our server. He was very prompt with the service, gave us excellent recommendations, and catered to our every need. His actions alone made the meal.
4	The husband and I had driven by Hula's multiple times, saying it looked interesting but we were always on our way to another destination. We finally stopped in on their 3rd Anniversary and boy, are we glad we did. The wait for a table was probably 45 minutes, but the place was packed and in all consideration, it wasn't as long as other places we've been. Plus, we wanted to sit outside, since a band was going to be playing. (Who were awesome, btw.) Drinks were $3 all night, special anniversary prices, and we tried the Dr. Funk and the Painkiller. The Dr. Funk was delicious! The Painkiller is similar, but had cinnamon or another spice in it that I didn't care for.  I ordered the coconut shrimp egg rolls to get us started and they were fantastic! For dinner, I had the coconut encrusted butterfish and the husband had a pork plate. (Mine was delicious but the pork was just okay.) Our friends had steak tacos and a salad. The steak tacos looked so good, we had to come back a second time. The second time here, I had the steak tacos and the husband had the steak dinner. Mmmm, the steak tacos were totally worth it. (We also ordered the coconut shrimp rolls again - definitely a favorite.) For dessert, we got the brownie with macadamia nut ice cream. The brownie wasn't anything special but the ice cream was good. When we checked in on Yelp, we received $5 off our bill. This was a nice surprise! Totally check this place out - we'll definitely be back!
5	I would like to high five the person that came up with the design concept for this place because they are awesome, and so is Hula's.I went here on a Thursday night for drinks and dinner before seeing a show in central Phoenix. I just love that there's a completely open air patio, a covered bar/dining area and an additional little section that's also open air but more fitted for intimate dining rather than groups.Lights strung, great music, good wait staff, this palce just was a really lax, tropical, island vibe to it without being over the top Hawaiian- which can be tacky. It pulls more from the vintage 1950 beach bunny scene and it works, really well. I ordered the calamari sandwhich with sweet potato fries- per Foursqaure suggestion.Um, HELLO beautiful. It was so amazing. the salw and just enough crunch to the breaded and fried calamari strips with an ah maze ing ailoia sauce that even went well with the fries. But my favorite part of this heavenly plate with the flakiness of the roll. It was a Kraiser roll but cracked just enough to amazing.Every weekend they have a fantastic happy hour special. Check that out and also like them on Facebook, trust me, you'll want to.Can't wait to go back and try all the yummy drinks!
4	Little know Debbie fact, back when I was about 21 , I had a strong hankering for  the hula . I took  hula classes, twirled  poi pots  about my head and shook my  coconuts believing it would  make me feel tropical and mysterious.Now, the closest I get to feeling tropical is a night at Hula's. Which is about as much effort as I want to put into it  mysterious anymore.  Hula's Modern Tiki  screams  a fusion of tropical funky with delicious delights . When I walk in the door i am ready to be pulled away from the outside world and imagine myself sitting in a beach town bar.   For me the kitschy , campy Polynesian style makes me me feel giddy.  I love vintage, camp and the Hula's pulls it off. I have  had some amazing good times drinking a silly  drink called Mr. Funk --a combo of coconut rum, banana liqueur and who knows what  served in a tiki glass, sitting with my darling bestie Tom S.  , gossiping , dishing and figuring out the walk of life. We both love  the Poke   , a dish of raw tuna , avocado with a sauce de soy.  The coconut spring roll makes me happy as well. It's light , sweet and stuffed with shrimp and coconut. I can highly recommend  their food.  Think fish , think tropical flair , think delicious.Just about every time  I am at Hula's I have enjoyed myself and loved my experience. I am sure hanging out with Tom has a lot to do with it but  it helps to go to a fun place too.  i have a personal conviction you can' t drink out of a glass shaped like a tiki god and not have fun.The staff (except for one  underwhelmed waitress who seemed quite irritated when we asked for drinks at the bar, what was THAT about)  have made me feel welcomed and comfortable. They tend to act like they enjoy what they do and they are hanging out with you too. I look forward to more good times at Hula's Modern Tiki  ....
5	What a find!!!  We went there for lunch on a Saturday, and normally I don't really go "all out" in the middle of the day.  This really was no exception.  I tried to keep it light, but even the light side was out of this Frickin world!  First of all, the atmosphere is awesome.  It truly is.  It is like an ultra modern Palapa.  I must've spelled that wrong because I got a red squiggly line under it, but you know what I mean.  The vibe was very cool.  Sort of Zen and the porch was part of the bar area and vice-versa.  There was a good crowd and everybody seemed to be having fun.I ordered the pulled pork sandwich, and just as described it was "heaven on a bun".  My girlfriend ordered fish tacos that she raved about.  Sweet potato fries were killer.  We sat at a community table because it seemed like the happiest place to be.  Down the table some people ordered the scorpion drink which was like a mai tai with 10 straws.  It was huge and didnt seem overpriced...especially when I saw the happy hour menu.  There were a ton of things on the menu that Ive gotta try for dinner one night soon.  Everything seemed so yummy.  Service was really friendly too.  I am dying to do happy hour here.  The bar area seems awesome!!!Gotta  check this place out!
4	Went here for the first time 5 days ago, then went again a few days later.  It was that good.  The patio is amazing.  The tables inside are gorgeous.  The pineapple wine is very tasty (not super sweet, despite what the waitress told us).  The shrimp tacos are ok...not the best I've ever had, but still great...especially with avocado!  The fish bites and the coconut shrimp rolls are ridiculous!!  The blood orange martini is tasty.  Prices are very reasonable.  Will definitely go back...fun to sit right on the light rail :)
5	Fantastic food, and great service! Great establishment.
3	I have driven by this place numerous times and have been wanting to check it out.  Ever since Trader Vic's closed at the Valley Ho I have been needing a spot that will fulfill my not-too-frequent mai tai fix. I was there on a Wed night to meet up with some business buddies and the place was doing brisk business. I think they have an all night happy hour on Wed night, which was convenient.Its a cool set up especially when the weather is nice. Very open bar that leads out to a big patio with lots of seating. Gilligan's Island episodes playing on a large projector is a cool touch as well.I am a big believer that a proper gentleman knows to order margs at a mexican food joint, wine at an Italian or French place and good beer and whiskey every place else. That being said, when frequenting a super kitschy tiki hut standard operating procedure is the house mai tai. Very tasty, not too sweet and a bit boozy. I also had some HH pork tacos that were massive and pretty decent for soaking up the 5 mai tais. I would go back for the patio and the aforementioned MAI TAIS.
5	Great looking location.  Good atmosphere, bar is a nice size, outdoor and indoor seating areas.  Get there early as they get packed in a hurry.Service was excellent.  Nice mix of cocktails.  Food selection (there were six of us and no complaints) is pretty diverse and quality is excellent.  Prices I thought were very reasonable.Definitely worth a return visit.
5	Great food.  Great service.  Great experience.  My new favorite Central Avenue corridor eatery.
3	Fun location, fun environment. There were good things and there were bad. As a fan of Hawaii, I was excited to try this place. My party of 4 was seated promptly on a Friday night and ordered drinks and appetizers. The edamame was so spicy that it was inedible for 3 of us. The ceviche was perfect, fresh and tasty. The drinks - mainly the mai tai's - were crisp, delicious and strong. All of our main entrees were so spicy that mine was nearly inedible, but I ate as much as I could since I was very hungry. My friend ordered a burger and it was so spicy that she could only eat half! I stayed in Hawaii for a week and never had this much of an issue with things being too hot/spicy to eat. If they could tone down the spice, I would go here every week for mai tais and appetizers. It started to rain during our meal and we were seated outside, so we raced with our plates to the nearest table which was under the roof of the outdoor patio and bar area. A server promptly came over and said "this table is reserved". Well, it had been sitting empty for our entire meal so far, the people had not arrived yet, and it was RAINING and we had our meals. Did you just expect us to sit in the rain and continue eating? We were paying customers! You have to think on your feet as waitstaff with an outdoor seating area. In case of inclimate weather, you must have a plan for accommodating your guests without leaving them in the rain holding their plate of food.
5	We really enjoyed Hulas and its wonderful outdoor patio. I wish I could elaborate more, but I remember very little of that night!!I do remember it was great and that I really enjoyed the Mai Tai's!!! Service was quick and friendly!!  Lovely place!!
3	1 star for the seating debacle4 stars for the food5 stars for a great bartenderYou do the math.We had a party of four, but it might as well have been 12.  Although there were several open tables, we had to wait about 30 minutes for no other reason than they were trying to space out the seating so the servers weren't overwhelmed and you didn't have to wait at your table long.  Huh?  I actually saw the hostess seat a party of two at a four-top next to an empty table for two.  So it's better to have me wait in the entry way (along with scores of other people) and become increasingly irritated, with no drink in hand needless to say.  Finally a group left the bar and we were able to sneak in there.  Enter the bartender with a halo over his head.  My Hula's Hurricane was delivered swiftly and all was right again.  We opted to share appetizers, poke and coconut shrimp rolls.  Now the poke did not sound appealing to me at all because of the whole raw fish deal, but my friend gave it high marks, and rightfully so.  With the soy and sesame dressing and the avocado, this dish was fantastic.  The coconut shrimp rolls were not to be outdone, though.  Perfect with a pineapple dipping sauce.Would love to go to Hula's again, but will have a flask with me...and a lawn chair.
5	Might be my new favorite place to hang out on Central, be a part of the "scene" and eat some really great food.  The staff was friendly and helpful.  My Hawaiian Margarita was awesome.  Too bad I was the DD...one was not enough.  Everyone at the table had something unique and different and we all loved it.  Can't wait to go back and try something else.  It was scrumptious!
5	A Phoenix gem.  The food is excellent.  The atmosphere, service, and staff is even better.
4	Hula's is pretty awesome. The drinks are deceptively strong--I always think I'm knocking back fruit juice...until the slurring begins. The food is also good. Not amazing, but there are some really good things here. The sweet potato fries and the hangover hash are both delicious.
4	Very good food! We ate some shrimp tacos and macaroni and cheese. They split our tacos up for us and didn't charge for it...the portions were great too!Our server was friendly as well. Would definitely return!
4	Great food! I had the burger & Sweet Potato Fries. GREAT burger and the dipping sauce with the fries is awesome.
5	Wow. We went here on Christmas Eve w/ a group of friends. The happy hour prices here are awe-some, and the drinks are super tasty.Love the tiki-chic ambiance and the patio is killer. Our waitress was probably the most attentive waitress weve ever had, she was awesome.Cant wait to go back for another happy hour and some food!
5	What a cute, and yummy place this is! I was in the mood for Tiki / Islandy something and found this restaurant on Yelp. OMG go figure. What a delightful little find. We started with 2 Lilikoi margaritas which have passion fruit in them. This margarita is in my top 3 ever favorite margaritas. I give that margarita 10 limes for its balanced yumminess. My mouth waters now  just typing this. Moving on-we went for lunch, and while we didn't wait long for a table, once we were at the table, it took quite awhile to get our drinks ordered, and place our food order. That said, after that initial snafu all went well.    We started with some Crispy Coconut Shrimp Rolls-they were gone about as fast as they were delivered. They were so tasty with a delightful pineapple-horseradish dipping sauce. The two orders from there were The Modern Tiki Fish sandwich, and The Cajun burger. Both were so good. Both orders were so tasty and good!!!
4	Yay for happy hour deals! After several visits to this hip little rum bar on the light rail line, I've got to say I will keep coming back for the casual and welcoming patio. The food isn't exceptional, but it is good; beer selection could be better; and there are some great rum drinks. I thought the concept was well executed overall. We could use more places like this in the area.
4	Always a great place to stop in with a really cool ambiance. Hula's made room for our larger party outside on the patio, and they weren't kidding when they said the heaters would warm us up. Thanks! The drinks are really nice here and the food is good. Not my very favorite food, mind you, but good. Everybody loves the spiciness of their dishes. We'll be back for sure.
5	I can't even begin to put into words how much I LOVE Hula's! I've even told my other half that if Hulas were a man, I'd marry him in a heartbeat! Everything I've eaten here has been the most delicious thing I've stuffed into my grubby little face. And don't even get me started on the cocktails. Seriously...I have nothing more to say than, go! Just go and experience the wonderful things that Hula's has to offer.
4	Found ourselves driving aimlessly around Phoenix on Christmas Eve (seriously, nothing was open and no one was around) and just before we were about to throw in the towel (it was 4pm!) we found this place. Happy Hour is only a rumor in Chicago so we were excited to happen upon Hula's HH during this time. Some apps and specialty drinks are priced at $5 and they both get the job done.  Not mind-blowing awesome, but pretty good.  With the $5 off when you check-in on yelp, we ended up with a bill of $10.  Nice and easy.It's unusual for us midwesterners to dine outside on Christmas Eve, but the welcoming outdoor patio with a huge firepit in the middle helped me forget about a White Christmas. I'll take al fresco dining, please.  Service was attentive and friendly to us out-of-towners.Whenever I'm in town, which will be more often now as my family has moved here, I'll make sure to try to include a visit here to my itinerary.
5	Saturday or Sunday it does not matter. Either is a great day for brunch here. Good options and the mimosas keep on coming.
4	Ok, third time here, l love it, food is great, prices are good. They even allow dogs on the patio. Only negative is that if you dine alone they treat you as if you weren't, meaning they leave you waiting as if you had someone to talk to.
5	I must say first the service was excellent Tia our server was great she made the experience incredible. The food was good I like the creativity with some of the dishes that were prepared.
4	Pretty decent place. Good crowd- big portions on appetizers!
5	This cool restaurant was great!!! Kind of had a 70s Hawaiian vibe.  The ribs and the Mai Tais were to die for.  I highly recommend and can't wait to go back again!!!
5	Thanks Kate for being a fabulous waitress.  This was the perfect end to our day.  Our group had one diner that has very special food needs and she was perfect in suggestions, moderations, guiding him along.  And this time, I wasn't the DD (I asked for you Dana) so the lucious passion fruit margs flowed.  And my dinner was the best!  Lemongrass encrusted Hapu (Hawaiian sea bass) was done to perfection.  Only bummer...it was raining and we couldn't sit outside.  Next time!
4	Hula's is awesome.  Here's why:1. Great name2. Strong drinks during happy hour (actually all times but this place doesn't water them down during happy hour)3. Yummy appetizers4. Tofu tacos (vegetarians rejoice!)5. Outdoor seating6. Strong drinks for $5 - yeah I know I said that twiceMy favorites are the Pain Killer and the Blood Orange martini.  I'm a light weight so one drink is plenty for me.  Also the Scorpion Bowl is fun to share - emphasis on sharing!  (Please don't try one by yourself.)
3	Ehhh.I wanted to love it.  I really did.And then we were there.  Most of my unlove for Hula's lies in the fact that we did not feel well after consuming the food.  We gave it a great try, but it just failed to miss the mark.Apps: coconut shrimp rolls, sweet potato fries, cevicheMains: pulled pork sandwich, pulled pork platter, hula's burgerDesserts: key lime pie, banana cream pieDrinks: mai tai, hurricane, dr funkDrinks were all awesome.  So if anything, go for the drinks.Apps were good, nothing to write home about.  The actual meal is what i have the most issues with because I felt ill after eating it, and while the first time I though it was over indulging, my take home box of pulled pork informed me otherwise.  My body is not a fan, no matter how tasty that was.  The cole slaw they serve is quite good with the pork though; I would opt for that instead of the rice on the platter.  The banana cream pie was rich, but good.  The key lime pie was pretty bland and disappointing.It's a small place so unless you plan on sitting outside, the wait can be a bit when they're busy.
5	Every spring I travel with friends and family to Phoenix for 2 weeks of Spring Training.  Every year we go to Hula's two or more times.  Even though we all seemingly have variant tastes in food, we all love coming here.  First, the atmosphere is... (pardon me while a search for the right word).. comfortable!  We always come after dark and sit outside by the fire pit.  Fresh air, dark skies, warm fire all add up to a relaxing cozy home like feel that is just right.  The food is always excellent. It is different.  I would describe it as Southwestern inspired island food.  The service is hit or miss.  We have had some exceptional waitresses and others that have been adequate (fortunately no bad ones yet).  The crowds are a mix including twenty somethings, professionals, tourists and others.  The only true complaint I ever have with Hula's is that the staff is a LOT more attentive towards the twenty somethings than the other customers.  Since I have children in their twenties and am not twenty this can be a problem.  It does get bothersome to be by past by the waitress as she caters/dotes on the table of young people right next to us.Even with this age discrimination, I would (and often do) recommend Hula's for its exceptional ambiance and excellent food.  (the ambiance is better than the food)
4	Delicious!!! I went twice in the same week.  The drinks were just right and the food was mouth watering!  Everything I tried was grade A.  Great happy hour deals Mon thru Thurs and exceptional service!!  I even go on Friday evenings for the socializing and ambiance!
5	Attended a Local First Arizona Mixer here yesterday for Lunch, The service was fantastic, the food was so fresh and tasty and the salad was crisp and cut to just the right size leaves.  I hat stuffing my mouth with a half head of lettuce leaf.  We sat in the bar patio area which was very likable, had no problem with Parking either.I give this place Five Stars especially for the food, thanks Hula's I'll be back real soon...
4	Loved the crispy coconut shrimp rolls! Got here late so we didn't get a chance to try much but it was a cool place and what we did get to try was delicious!
5	I love this place! Vintage meets modern-ish and has a baby and it's this place.The service is always good. Ronnie was my server tonight and he was attentive and cute without being overbearing while Juan Carlos was our server a week ago and he was very attentive and conversational.The drinks are fabulous. They do not skimp on the booze and are reasonably priced while being tasty. Love the decor...very Tiki and open concept with the patio being the best with the numerous tables and fire-pit.I'm cheating in that I've only tried a few things and am still giving this place 5 stars! The sweet potato fries are amazing...probably the best I've had. You can't really screw up bacon and an English muffin and hash browns can you?? I'll be back but I'm sure my review won't change.
4	great drinks & environment.  the food is always full of flavor w/ a fun polynesian kick!4 stars rather than 5 because, like a reviewer from a few weeks ago, my girlfriend and i both had upset stomaches after eating here. we've been here in the past & this was the first time that's happened, but since others have made the same comment, we're wondering if something has changed in the kitchen?
2	Nah so much Hulas. Nah so much. While I appreciate their bar, I don't appreciate the food. The entrees were not good. The only thing edible was the tuna poke. That's about it. Try aloha kitchen, it worth the drive.
5	Went here for Brunch this past Sunday and it was fantastic!  The restaurant is very open and airy and the food was great - We had the the Ahi Eggs Benedict and Habanero Lime Chicken Tacos and both were delicious.  $2 Mimosas were awesome and we also tried the Scorpion Bowl (which packs quite a punch).  Looking forward to dinner here soon!
5	We visited Hula's last night with our Dinner Club...and the 13 of us gave it an awesome review.  The service was excellent, the drinks were delicious (HH all day on Saturday until 7...drink specials only), and everyone was very happy with their food.  From what I tasted my faves were the Blood Orange Martini, the coconut shrimp rolls, the poke, the wasabi fish, the korean beef short ribs, and mac 'n cheese.  I liked the vibe...casual & interesting...old school Hawaii Five-O on the wall, classic 80's music playing, garage doors open to the patio, and the huge hexagonal window.  Would love to come back and hang next to the fire pit when it's a little warmer out.Totally recommended!!
3	My favorite dish at Hula's is the calamari sandwich with sweet potato fries. I frequent Hula's with coworkers for lunch. On my last visit, our service was beyond poor. We did not even tip the server. I think the server was also a bartender. However, after we got our food, we had to hunt him down twice to get stuff we needed. The food was still of great quality and taste though. I will definitely go back, but next time I will speak with the manager about the service before we leave.
5	So, my most recent visit to my newly favorite lunch place was da bomb. Instead of my usual calamari sandwich and sweet potato fries I got the Mongolian beef with lime curry sauce. Now, usually Jamaican's don't fancy lime in their curry. But I had my grandmother turning over in her grave on Thursday because I really enjoyed the taste of the lime curry sauce, beef, beans and rice. I especially liked that the dish had cilantro in it, but not too much. One thing I noticed about Hula's while I was there is the music. It was loud enough for me to hear it but not too loud to hold a conversation. Our server was great. She kept our glasses filled and checked on us regularly but was not a bug-a-boo. I ate inside this time instead of outside and it made me realize how much I prefer eating outside here. I got to meet the owner, Dana, who is a cool down to earth guy. Until next time!
5	At the end of a long day, this was the perfect resting spot!  We grabbed a table outside so we could watch the Central Ave hubbub while sipping our tasty happy hour drinks.  Our waitress, Tia, was THE BEST.  Being on a restricted diet, she was so helpful and the zesty edamames were finger-lickin' good and the black bean burger so yummy that I never missed the meat.  We lingered, relaxed, ate and drank, and everyone, including owner Dana, made us feel welcome & comfortable, making sure our plates were changed, drinks were full and checking in to see what was needed.  This is absolutely one of the best places in the area, its a total find, and hope it never goes away.  And Dana, thanks for the drink and toy surprise...you scratch my back and I"ll scratch yours.
5	Stopped in for drinks and chatting with a few of my best ladies.  The blood orange martini is fantastic!  I loved the patio, it was so nice to chat and enjoy the weather with some great drinks and wonderful service.We also had the sweet potato fries and quickly realized why all of the tables around us also had them - they're awesome!We'll definitely be back - I'm not sure I'd love it in the summer because that patio is amazing and I just wouldn't want to sit inside but I can see it easy to be a regular from September to May!
3	I was kind of annoyed while I was dining here... thank God for alcohol and fabulous eye candy to keep me in a bubbly, happy mood.They have a selection of tacos. I like tacos. I don't, however, like corn tortillas. They don't serve flour tortillas... I didn't get to eat my tacos.They also have a selection of margaritas. I LOVE margaritas. I don't like it on the rocks, though. They don't serve frozen margaritas (really?) and I didn't get my margarita.So I settled with something of a steak bowl (decent, Chipotle-like) and a sour amaretto (fabulous) and took my eye candy out of there as soon as I was done.
4	We hit Hula's on a Friday evening to grab dinner and a drink. The restaurant is just a ways from the light rail so, from a convenience standpoint, this is a plus. We had a couple themed mixed drinks and, like others have said, they don't skimp on the booze. It was raining so the bar area was very crowded but props to the bartender for finding us and providing consistent service.Not much to be said for the happy hour specials but Hula's isn't about $2 Coronas anyways so plan on having something mixed off the menu.
5	Once again Hulas is impressive our waiter our wise and bearded waiter Kyle (I think his name is Kyle) was great. Thank guys keep up the good work I would recommend this place.
5	A friend of mine suggested we meet at Hula's for drinks and dinner and from the description it sounded great, I had just hoped it would hold up to everything she said and it totally did! The atmosphere is great, staff is super friendly and made some great suggestions and the food was really good too. The banana coconut cream pie is freaking amazing! We will absolutely be back to this place and bring friends.
4	Update! I have been back to Hula's many times since the first time and it is still (fairly) consistently good. I love Hula's patio and fire pit...it is so nice on a cool day to sit by the fire while enjoying some beverages. Speaking of beverages, Hula's has a fantastic happy hour ('Tiki Time'). Drinks are about 5$ and it goes until 7 pm, even on Saturdays. This is craziness! The BF and I went there a few weeks ago and drank many many beverages (He likes the Dr. Funk and I am in love with the Lilikoi margarita (it is very tasty, trust me)) and the bill was still very reasonable. The food is somewhat hit and miss (hence the 4 star review), they have delicious jerk pulled pork that is always good, but other items were a miss such as the potstickers (tasted like Ling Ling's), the macadamia crusted fish (was pretty bland), and the chicken tacos (too big and not flavorful enough). I would probably stick to the pork. I STILL haven't had their coconut banana pie, but it always looks good....I might go there tonight and get it :-D.
5	I loved this place.  Great place to be. It just feels like living hanging here.  It's almost better than being in Hawaii.  Everyone was very nice. Not just the bartender who  gave us great service but also the host and who ever ran our food out while it was hot and fresh.
3	I'm a sucker for nostalgia so I really dig the tiki theme. I have been here several times and the food is consistently good. A place like this should have good Mai Tais...and they do! Parking is rough.
3	Fun vibe and cool patio. Go for drinks. It's really a bar that happens to serve ok food, rather than a restaurant.
5	Our waitress, Kate, outdid herself once again.  She was so attentive and took care of our out of town guests.  The place was hopping but she still made us feel like we were the only table she was attending.  Yummy food...but now I understand why they call them Spicy Edamames.  WOW!
2	We wanted so much for Hula's to be or favorite restaurant because to the atmosphere and the fact that we are from HI. It is disappointing to have bad meals there every time we try something else rather than fish tacos.The fish tacos are always good and it's our favorite dish every time we are there.We tried the spicy Thai which is awful, a bowl of rice mixed with peanut sauce, chicken and raw cabbage. We also ordered Jawaiian jerk chicken, this is really a bad dish, it's smashed/pulled chicken with rice. The texture of the chicken is like smashed baby food with the taste of bland and grossness. I couldn't eat it so we ordered blackened mahi mahi with wasabi sauce. The fish is dry and salty.We left feeling in such disappointement!
3	Because I woke up this morning with a message from the owner of Hula apologizing and explaining the yelp check in offer ...I will up my star rating and say that even with the harshness of a curt waitress... All deserve second chances. I appreciate a heart felt explanation. I do not love or even LIKE negativity nor many negative reviews. This is a cool place in a up and coming area. SO I will Hula back in at a later time and see if the service is friendlier.. Maybe I will splurge and grab some of those sweet apps I saw passing my table.. Thanks Dana for your comment and message. :-) LOVE the location and I have had brunch here with my friends who fav this place several times. Tonight before heading down to Bliss to our Dinner Club we stopped off for some pre-dinner-club happy hour. He had a martini and I had a red wine. No apps. He ordered another drink of some concoction and inquired about the app menu then opted not. We sat out on the patio. Staff was nice and Hulas was hopping. I had a yelp check in offer and the waitress refused to honor it and stated I could get Hula Bucks for next time since it was happy hour. I did point out that at no place on the yelp offer did it say that. Her attitude changed and our bill came. None of these 'Hula Bucks' were in our bill, so I asked her for them. She said at that point, "Well can you not just use the yelp offer next time?" Ummmmm.... ???? " That isn't what you offered before.." I said. She huffily gave the bucks she offered. We were on our way. Dang girl.. its a mere 10% off...Maybe it comes off her salary? Def changed my opinion. I don't want her bucks because with that... I doubt I would go back unless my friends insisted.... Hula that.
4	This place is just really adorable.  It has a tiki-theme and they have indoor and outdoor seating just about year round.  When it is a bit chilly there are heaters on the patio and an open firepit.  It's kind of a trendy little spot, and very popular.  I have had really great service all but one time I was there (everyone has an off night).  I love spicy food and the edamame is something I always get here, but they are not for everyone - apparently non-New Mexico natives find it too hot.  Whatever, wimps.  I am addicted to the fish tacos, and a friend of mind swears by the pork tacos.  You can get a couple of good drinks and a decent dinner here for $25 bucks easily, especially if you get there during happy hour.  There are even some semi-healthy options, although that is not their strong suit - with jerk pork you have to pay in calories for what you get in yumminess.  They have another location in Monterey and it is divier and beachier, but the same great food.  Go!  Eat!
4	Ahi tuna sandwich and fish tacos were bomb!!! Recommend!!
4	I really didn't want to like this place because with it walking distance from my apartment I was worried I would spend my whole paycheck there each week. driving by the HUGE window, and great lighting caught my attention right away. Living in Arizona I am always looking for a great new patio spot. Hulas is one of my favorite on Central, the noise of the train and the light foot traffic makes for fun people watching and the gas fire pit in the middle gives it a great feel.Being a big fan of Sweet Potato fries I naturally ordered a basket while waiting for my burger, which comes without a side. which was OK because my friend and I just split the fries anyway. they are great, he is not a big fan of aoili, me on the other hand loved the ginger aoili dipping sauce it came with. I have been back to Hulas a few times and have found that ALL the appetizers are enjoyable and when purchased in a group of 4 it makes for a great place to get your night started. A scorpion or Volcano Bowl never hurts either for that "pregame" buzzzzz. the appetizers seem to all compliment each other perfectly.my favorite thing to get here is the Pork sandwich....  it is a great blend of sweet and savory and the slaw adds the perfect cruch to it.I will for sure be back, not just because it is so close, but the patio.... I cant get over this patio!!!
5	Really cool spot. Food was fantastic. I had the Macadamia Nut crusted Hapu. Get the fried plantains. Made perfectly. Sweet and savory. There are many gluten free and vegetarian options as well. Fun drinks too. We opted for a fun drink too. A little crowded at times but worth it for the delicious food.
4	I had dinner here with the husband a couple of weeks ago before we went to a Suns game.  We sat on the patio because the weather was brilliant.  The place is cute and the patio is really very pleasant.  I ordered a Zombie and a Painkiller cocktail (don't judge, I was rocking a migraine and desperately needed relief), and each one was nice and potent.  My husband just had iced tea.  I searched the menu for something with shrimp in it, but I was seriously left wanting in that department.  Instead I ordered a starter of lobster bisque and another starter of tuna ceviche.  The soup was hot and quite flavorful, but I would have liked a few more pieces of lobster meat.  The ceviche was extremely good and was served with flash fried wonton 'chips'.  I really liked it and my only criticism was that it was the lime juice was overpoweringly tangy and it could have benefitted from some avocado chunks to help cut down the tang a little bit.My husband had the black bean burger which he said was really, really delicious.All in all it was a good visit, and aside from our server not refilling our drinks in a very timely manner it was a good dinner out and I expect we'll be back.
2	Went to Hula's with some friends recently. Lived in the area for years so we decided to hit this place up. The drinks were pretty good. Even if you dont like a lot of fruity drinks they have a full bar. Appetizers were okay but not particularly noteworthy. But the main dish of Jerk pork tasted great but made me sick later on that night. Almost as bad was the waiter who was polite but aloof which kind of Debbie Downer'd the experience. First and probably last visit. Too bad.  Anyone want my 5$ coupon for free food?
5	Great beer, excellent food, nice wait staff.  Had the shrimp tacos and they were amazing.  Unique place...I was a fan!
5	Amazing food every time.  I can't get enough of this place!
5	I just can't way enough about the service, food, and general ambience.  Besides being warmly greeted by the owner, we had a perfecf table to show our guests (who used to own their own restaurant) what we've been raving about.  And they are raving as well.  Today we had Rusty, the laid back waiter, who was WONDERFUL!  And the food...all is know is, you have to try the hapu (hawaiian fish) lemongrass encrusted with slaw and rice.  I practically licked the plate.  And guess what I found out...the ice cream shop next door, Twirl, is co-owned by Dana so you can walk over and bring it back to your table.  Thanks again for making this a GREAT evening.
5	Mai Tai !!!!  Excellent !!!  This is a "must go to" every time I am in Phoenix, always great food experience,  Great fish taco's but everything I have tried there is great!Nice bar, well run, comfortable, happy crowd of customers... says it all!
4	Wow, what a neat place.  I was taken here for lunch for Admin Professionals Day (a day early) and it was so nice.  I love the indoor/outdoor seating (big garage doors open up to create this open and airy walk thru space).I had the Modern Tiki Fish Sandwich.  Everything was excellent.  The cole slaw, which I am not normally a fan of, added a wonderful tangy crunch to the sandwich.The ice tea was always being refilled, the staff was very friendly and quick to offer suggestions when those in our party were stuck deciding on 2 different items.  A real winner.  I will be back.
4	As it says right in the name, this is a MODERN spin on tiki. So don't expect palm fronds on the walls and Hawaiian shirts on the staff. Instead, you have what looks to be a converted service station with lots of concrete and clean lines, and a staff that's all tatted up and vaguely punk.I like this place. The patio is very nice on a hot day, with misters and a cold air blowing. The interior space is nice and open, with big tables and a clean, simple decor. Again, MODERN.The food and drink menu was great. They are all about Happy Hour here, on Sunday it runs for something like 9 hours. Do yourself a favor, and stop in here for drinks: they have all your tiki staples (Scorpion Bowl, Mai Tai, etc.). The food is good, too. I like the tacos, and their salads are huge. Also, great prices on everything.My one issue was that service was a little "meh". Our hostess didn't really seem to care when we arrived, and the waiter was a little spotty on getting us our drinks. It wasn't that busy, so I don't know how they dropped that ball.Overall, as a connoisseur of all things tiki, I thought this place was a fun twist on the theme. It does not scream "tropical" or "exotic" but they're taking the idea and giving it a new look. I think that a lot of people will appreciate the blending of island themes with the more clean modern aesthetic. Well done.
5	We were fortunate enough to have a great friend who knows her stuff. We met Maureen at the Hula Tiki Grill for a fun lunch.The weather was perfect outside, so we sat underneath a half shade, half pre-summer bliss. We all ordered Mai Tais and they were amazing. We ordered taco plates, my guy got the chile chicken and I got the spicy shrimp and we shared one each. We are fans of trying errythang. Mo also ordered the chile chicken which was made with a fresh green chile salsa, mild yet flavorful. We stayed there for hours, drinking Mai Tai's and Kona beers like we were on a beach somewhere yet out in the heat. We had an amazing time with great service that I won't forget. Thank you Hula's.
4	Heard about this restaurant from a friend and decided to take a co-worker who is relocating to another office out of town.  And I am glad I chose this place.The service was a little slow out of the gate, hence the 4 star rating, but got better as the meal progressed.  I order a fresh brewed Iced Tea . . . it was fresh, clear, with a hint of island fruits.  For my lunch I ordered the Calamari Sandwich with the Hawaiian Mac and Cheese for my side.  The sandwich was perfect . . . the calamari was grilled perfectly and the sauce and greens were just right . . . while the Hawaiian Mac and Cheese was good . . . I would have loved to see a little more pineapple to give a litter sweeter taste.Overall a very enjoyable lunch . . . the only bad part was that I will now only be communicating with my co-worker over the internet . . . but because of this . . . I found another nice restaurant.
3	I went with the Calamari Salad in which the calamari was just okay but the slaw was awesome but I had a friend go with just the Calamari App and it was barely edible in this sweet sauce that they poor all over it. I didn't have one of there cocktails though which my friends were raving about. I would give it another shot though.
5	Love Hula's!  Best Mai Tai in town.  Staff is always nice and great atmosphere.  Check in on Yelp for specials.
4	We came here for an early Mothers Day lunch. For my girlfriend and her daughter.Nice place and parking is tight, but since it was Saturday afternoon,we found a spot.It is located right across the street from St. Francis Chruch so it is easy to find.Good Ice Tea & lots of lemon for starters. Drinks are pretty reasonable for sure.I ordered a Burger. It was OK ,good but the bun was just so so.Lighty toasted, nice cheese,3 choices on the cheese.It came with regular fries. WHen they came out they were all over cooked and had no flavor at all. I think the Oil was old.However, our server was nice enough to switch them out and give me Sweet potato fries instead. Which were entirerly different and so much better.The girls each got Ahi Eggs Bennie.Of course I had a taste or 2 and they were really good.Love the way it is decorated in here. Very Mad Man,50's 60's.A very clean place and the Rest Rooms are as well.Cannot believe this is my first time here. I liked it and will be back.
4	I have been to this place several times this past year and am never disappointed when I go.  Be it for lunch, happy hour, dinner or take out.  I always find something delicious to try on the menu.  This little gem offers a unique twist blending island style foods with traditional American cuisine.  This is an awesome place to hang out with friends. The atmosphere is fun and inviting from the moment you walk in. The patio seating is great for larger groups or intimate encounters. The service is always friendly and fun. The servers are always knowledgable and offer great recommendations. They offer interesting specialty cocktails and some come in unique tiki style glasses like the zombie.
1	Terrible, terrible customer service. We wont be back.
2	First time there, the food was delicious, black bean burger, yum. Waited and waited to be greeted. Our waitress was very nice, but the place is understaffed. Wanted to order dessert after dinner but after sitting there for so long we were ready to go. So we asked for the bill, needed change to leave a decent tip ( I always leave at least 20% even if the service wasn't all that) but we gave up waiting for her to come back (after 10 min). Probably won't be back.
4	It was a toss up 3 or 4 stars, so this is on the 3.5 side of 3 EDIT:see note below. There are so many cool places to try in Central Phoenix it is almost hard to get to them all. This would be an easy 4 star review if my server had been a little more attentive/friendly and my wine had not been hot (not room temperature, not slightly warm) we are talking about 20 minute old coffee hot. The ambiance is great we sat on the patio right off Central Ave, so their was plenty of cool scenery, and the weather was perfect. Started off with the spicy edamame and it was very tasty. Then followed up with a little chicken curry dish that was probably the best mix of curry flavor that I have ever had and the rice was perfectly done. (that being said I am a super light weight when it comes to spicy food, so this was right in my wheel house) Definitely worth a visit if you are roaming for a good place to grab a unique bite to eat. I will be backEDIT: Based on how fast and friendly the owner was in his response to my review I bumped them to 4 stars. Thanks Dana
5	Love Hula's! I have been going there for just over a year now, and take people there every chance I get. Everyone who goes enjoys the food, the atmosphere, and the service. It is certainly a unique place with a laid back attitude and funky decor, but it appeals to many people.One of my favorites is to get the potstickers as an appetizer, followed by the luau pork sandwich- as the menu reads, it is "heaven on a bun". And that is an accurate description! The mixed drinks are great, as is the iced tea. If you have not tried the banana cream pie, get to Hula's NOW for this amazingly decadent yet remarkably light and delicious dessert.The service is great, and the staff knows the menu and is happy to help you- there does not seem to be "not my table" attitude there- they want to make you happy.I have had two birthdays there, as well as other celebrations. I am sad it took me so long to find this great place, but I look forward to many more meals there.Note to fellow dog owners- Hula's is VERY dog friendly with seating on the patio with heating or misters depending on the season and water bowls for the pooches. Expect lots of visits from the crew of Hula's so they can say hi!
4	Went for a lunch meeting this past week.  The burger was cooked perfectly and was quite moist.  The salad on the side was presented very nicely.  Our server was attentive without being pushy.  We took a bit before we actually ordered and he was very patient.
3	Sweet potato fries is amazing, crispy on the outside(which most places can do) but super tender in the middle(which most fail).  Pulled pork is very dry...Mimosa was soso...Cole slaw (oddly enough) was my favorite as it is very unique and unlike what other places make it (def not KFC style) and not too sweet or heavy.  Taco was soso as well.  If you text them, they are suppose to give you $5 gift card, but even asking two servers, they still failed to give my a gift card, luckily I am not from this area so i don't think I will go back again...
4	I incentivize my co-workers with food and drinks. If we get through this training ahead of schedule drinks are on me or at least the first few rounds. I purposely looked up Hula's knowing they have a good HH and good food. It happens most of my Phoenix office co-workers are foodies and were stoked to hear my plan. Well under time allowed me to get kidnapped to the range, grab drinks and apps, before my flight home. Hell yeah. Enough about the reason and more about the business.The weather was hot, but the outdoor seating still looked promising and inviting, but I was in business attire so we sat inside. It feels like a retro modern Tropical, not so much Hawaiian to me. Lunch is the happs, apparently still packed until the later afternoon, early evening. Prices were excellent considering I bought a few rounds and the food was inexpensive, high quality. Poke was a little pricey, but it was MP. Good, but could do without the macadamia nuts.. Coconut shrimp rolls had a great pineapple horseradish sauce. Calamari had a lime ginger cream sauce which I will be emulating at home soon. Spicy seaweed salar was a pleasant offering. Perfect balance and something I think is an ingenious upgrade to the standard wakame that most places don't offer. Nice.I wasn't a fan of the pork, but loved the sundried pesto aioli used, fresh black beans and corn tortillas. Habanero lime chicken use a taco slaw which I could have used less of. Really liked the south seas grilled hapu, and spicy tofu. Clean classic flavors most modern taco trucks don't' think is adventurous enough. I split the Jawaiian jerk Pork plate. Yes that's pork they also offer. Also split the calamari sandwich. Yup I brought my appetite. Loved the plantains which were bright and not overfried. I'm not a fan of most amngo salsa's, but the johnny cakes were excellent, more to my liking than overly authentic kinds. I wasn't a fan of the calamari and preferred the style and sauce of the app.Key Lime pie to round out the meal. I thought it was bland. Couldn't quite tell if they use kahfir limes, but after about a half dozen D.r. Funk's I was ready to get my funk on. In an area most known for their Pizza, Italian this places stands out like nothing else and Arizona seems to be the new breeding ground for upstarts. Many of San Diego's chef's have opened up shop in AZ because they are ready for this sort of ingenuity. Glad I came. A few mediocre things don't take away from an overall good experience. Really the 1 star deduction was the service. It was slow, unattentive and just understaffed. Sure my drinks came like clockwork, but that's more the drunk vibe I give off.
2	My wife and I recently visited since we live in the neighborhood. Both of us had visited before separately but it had been some time. My main complaint boils down to lackluster service. We were looking for a semi-quick bite and to get on with our Sunday. We noticed the menu said that they had happy hour on Sunday so we ordered some adult beverages and appetizers. I then ordered a their Luau Pork Sandwich and my wife ordered the Pork Tacos from the happy hour menu (so we thought). When the bill came it was quite large. Turns out only drinks were on happy hour. I am sure there was something that noted that fact but it obviously was not obvious since we both did not know this. In my opinion the server should have done a better job explaining the menu and happy hour deals instead of walking up and saying, "Can I get you something to drink?" I'm not looking for a line-by-line explanation of the menu but perhaps a quick overview of what is going on inside the 4-walls; especially when we order some things that any other day would be on happy hour. The server really just didn't seem to want to be there.Nothing was horrendous about Hula's I just left feeling a bit bamboozled. Probably won't be back.
4	Mai-Tai was greatMax was awesomeKool modern tiki bar
3	I went here with my foodie friends and we universally agreed the appetizers were spectacular but the entrees were just ok.
5	I've been in Phoenix for 5 nights and have had dinner here every night so far. The atmosphere is so perfect and the people both employees and patrons are always so friendly. I can't even begin to explain how good the food is. Everything is spiced so well and so different. Even something as plain as coleslaw is made awesome here. I've always been seated fast and had my order quick, even when it's busy. I would recommend this to anyone and will be back again!
4	Solid cocktails here and happy hour eats are quite tasty. I had the Mai Tai and the Orange Martini which were both fantastic. We had the shrimp rolls, pork tacos, and fries. The shrimps rolls were a "stop what you are doing and get you some" kind of dish... complete with air quotes if I saw you in person. They were phenomenal. I will be back... soon. Hold on to your butts.
4	My friend has been here before and recommend we go for drinks & apps. We went on a Wednesday so happy hour prices are all day which is awesome! The drink & food menu offer many choices and variety, which I really liked! I ordered a Mai   Tai which was really good! Not too sweet and you could taste the liquor for only $5 The sweet potato fries with secret sauce were excellent and shrimp rolls were pretty yummy too. We just had apps but I will def be back for lunch or dinner :) :)
3	More like 3.5 stars.  The atmosphere is really nice & the food is pretty good. I wasn't crazy about what I got but I did like it & the portions were good. My husband really liked his dish. We will be going back for sure to check it out again!
1	Went there for the first time last night as I was visiting my sister in Phoenix and I had read about it on here and was intrigued. Needless to say it was disappointing. The pulled pork was greasy and inedible. The coleslaw tasted like mayo and was warm. This was the first time I've ever sent a meal back. It was that gross. The server wasn't in the least apologetic or surprised the pork was sent back. At the servers suggestion we ordered Mai Tais and were unimpressed. We also ordered ahi tacos, the ahi bowl and the spicy chicken bowl which were all just ok.  There were flies landing on our food throughout the meal. There was a table with 6 tipsy ladies that were so loud we could barely carry on a conversation at our table. With all these issues, I won't be returning.
3	Modern tiki restaurant with great outdoor space. Drinks all include rum so prepare yourself for a carribean-like evening. They have a full bar so dont worry if you dont like rum. Just had drinks here but heard the food is fab. Check in with the hostess before you sit or you'll be asked to get up. Overall a great place to meet for a date or large groups. You can sit inside or out, which is great for summer evenings.
4	I have to tell you a story before I write this review... Initially I had nothing but bad things to about Hula's. Hula's is the ONLY reason I ever Yelped in the first place. I went there and was not impressed in the slightest on my first visit over two years ago now. The service was not the business and the food was not what I expected at all. Today I am most definitely humming a different tune...Now that I know what the menus has to offer and I have a better feel for the happy hours and specials and have been here about a dozen times... I am a fan! I have had breakfast and dinner enough times to try several things on the menu and have had most of the cocktails. I love the Kona beers they keep on draft and the atmosphere is shakin! The staff is fun and friendly and always accommodating. Hula's you have a patron from here on out!
5	SOOOO Happy we stopped in!!!My family and I were driving around this Saturday looking for a nice place to eat lunch. We happen do drive by Hula's and thought it looked like a fun place. We were so glad we stopped. First off, the design and decor of the space is amazing.  Very welcoming, modern and an overall cool vibe. My husband and I both noted we would love to come back again when the weather has cooled off and sit on the patio. For lunch I had the Fish Taco, my husband had the Pulled Pork Sandwich and my three-year-old had the Macaroni-and-Cheese.  Everything was delicious! The fish was well seasoned. I only wished I had ordered two instead of one!  The pulled pork was sweet and juicy. We will be back!!
5	I love Hula's!  The first time I went I was looking for something mid-townish to meet family coming from the other direction to celebrate my dad's birthday.  I really knew nothing about it, but it sounded kind of fun and quirky - which is exactly what one wants for a memorable time.  Not at all disappointed.  Everyone loved their meal.  The atmosphere was great, the patio was amazing (we didn't get to sit there, but the "walls" were open so it was pretty nice!).  Overall, we had a great time.I have been back probably about 5-6 times in the past year.  I would go more often if it were a little closer to home (not their fault).  Each time I have been satisfied with my meal, drink, and service.I also love the "neighborhood" feel of this place.  I have always had very friendly servers and have had conversation several times with tables near me.  It's just a good vibe.Favorite dishes:Ahi PokeHabanero TacosPulled Pork anythingI also love their fish menu.  You can pick from 4-5 different types of fish, then pick the style of cooking/flavor and it comes with side dishes that compliment your choice nicely.  Have never been disappointed ordering a fish dish.Anyway - try it!  It's fun!  And it's locally owned - not some big impersonal chain.
2	The place itself is nicely laid out and open and airy and there was a large TV at the bar where we watched the hockey game. My issue is that this is another place that does not know what happy hour means. Either have a damn good happy Hour or just don't have one at all. They have like 20 appetizers you can order, but only five of them are "On special" during Happy hour and each one is 5 bucks, which is about a $2 discount from the regular menu. It is the same story on the drink specials, mostly $2 off, but at least those can be had on almost every drink. The standard for my happy hour is 1/2 half all drinks and appetizers - don't pick and choose what you want us to eat. Beyond that, the food is overpriced for this part of town as well, averaging $15 bucks for bowls and some sandwiches. The Mai tai I ordered was not Tikki style at all, in fact there was no freakin pineapple either and it was served in a cocktail glass. I guess it is their twist, but that is just twisted. The Hurricane was much better and that had some rum floating and the missing pineapple was located in this drink. If they could do better on the HH food, then its worth a return.UPDATE:was contacted by Dana the owner, who says "Some items I simply can't afford to run at 1/2 price (or even a big discount) due to the ever rising rent and cost of commodities"Well, the recession runs both ways. You have to give a little to get a little these days. Further examining the menu, this gentleman is very tricky as lunch and dinner prices are exactly the same. At lunch, if you want fries or a side it's $2 extra for your $10 burger, but at dinner it's $12 and the side is included. Very tricky.
5	The decor is awesome, I remember when it was just an ugly abandon building on central, now it is an ugly with great personality building with food. The civiche is TO DIE FOR. Almost for that reason alone I would give 5 stars. The pulled pork is another of my favorites. I had the basic burger once, and it was not so good.The staff have always been helpful and friendly. With its easy access off of the light rail, and great service and food, I definitely recommend this place.
4	I went to Hula's Modern Tiki about a year ago and I've been feigning to return.  I got that chance again today when a friend and I stopped by for lunch.  I like the laid back atmosphere and the always-friendly staff.  Makes the food taste even better.  We had the coconut shrimp, sweet fried plaintains with salad.  Um, um, good! We both ordered the same thing.  Even the same drink, Painkiller! Awesome.  Try it.
4	I was here with a group of about 10 for happy hour on a Saturday.  We sat on the patio, which was nice with misters for the whole area.  Our waiter was attentive and didn't balk at seperate checks (which I've had happen many times).  We all got a variety of rum based drinks, which were all very good.  The food was also very good, I got the chicken skewers and the pulled pork, and both very well cooked and flavorful.  I would have liked more chicken, or some veggies, for the price.  The staff was very good, refilling waters and handled the larger group very well.  I enjoyed the enviornment.  I would go back.
5	Sometimes you sacrifice sub-par customer service for great food, and other times you'll settle for sub-par food/drinks for the great customer service and ambience; amazingly you'll get the best of both worlds here. I have had nothing but great experiences every time I have been here and even told myself after my second to last visit that I would leave a positive review, but after tonight's service I made it a priority to leave my input. The service is always very attentive and kind, and the food and drinks selection is to die for. Me and my boyfriend swear by the cajun burger and mac and cheese both, paired with sweet potato fries and regular fries (they'll allow you to split both)--it's the stuff dreams are made of. The cocktails are fantastic in that they have a myriad of fun and exotic options for a reasonable price, yet they make sure not to skimp on the potency; notable selections would the blood orange martini (on the rocks) for a sweet and tart option, or a Scorpion Bowl (large tropical cocktail served in a bowl suitable for 2-4 people with a flaming shot of 151 in the middle) if you're sharing a good time with some friends. Our servers there have always been great, but a special thanks to both Kate and Kyle for consistently exceptional service. Both have truly gone above and beyond to accommodate our needs without batting an eyelash. I work in reputation management so I understand the importance of great establishments getting the public praise they deserve. Every restaurant should strive to be like this one--Hula's employees and management, keep doing what you're doing, don't change a thing.
5	Great food, nice decor! Great place to go with good company! Efficient and friendly staff!
2	Trader Vic's closed down so you would hope that Hula's would pick up the slack and make a proper tiki drink, however just like with The Breadfruit, highly disappointing rum drinksIf you cannot make a proper Mai Tai, you should not call yourself a tiki bar.  Beachbum Berry has laid out the proper way to recreate a Mai Tai, and there is not much room for variation other than amount of lime or orgeatHaving tried 3-4 drinks here you can rest assured the place gives rum drinks a bad name, however most do - just disappointing to see another, and it is the only "tiki" bar aroundDid not try any food, so no comment there
4	I'm not sure I would have given this place a chance if it wasn't for the gift certificate I won earlier this year, but it was time and I was hungry. First out was drinks, and yes they all are fruity. I am sure you can order a standard non-fruity drink, but their signature drinks follows the theme and are blended in exotic juices. Fruity but good. The menu is comprehensive and has something for everyone, thats a huge plus for me.. but since I was here to try it out I went with a signature dish called something like Jawaiian Pork Jerk Plate, or something to that effect and it was in-wait for it-credible. Incredible!!Way more food than I expected, and the meal included a generous serving of pulled pork in a jerky sauce with some kind of chutney on a bed of rice with fried plantains. And if this wasn't enough, they have their own version of some kind of freakishly delicious plantain bread that also accompanies the meal. And it all was amazing. I kid you not. So good meal and fruity drinks, what else? The service was great. From everyone, not only our gem of a waitress (that was super nice and professional). The whole staff is friendly. Something I don't see all too often. So what's the negative? Well, since I have to be harsh.. the interior isn't very cozy. It's clean and good enough, but it just doesn't have a date-feel to it. Nor do they make their dessert pies on site (I'm guessing here, but it is hard to find a negative for this place. Seriously. Have I mentioned the stellar service? Yeah, I think I did.)When food, drinks and service converge in this way - it warms my heart and I support this local establishment to my fullest. Considering eating here - do it. I know that I will be a repeat offender, and by offender I mean customer.
4	I always enjoy going to have some good food and lovely drinks.  Service is great and you can't beat the all day happy hour on Wednesday.
5	Shrimp rolls were our fave...crispy and flavorful with a pineapple dipping sauce.  Painkillers were great, as was the Dr. Funk and the Dark and Stormy.  We will be back soon!
4	Nice modern place. Has a good urban vibe. Good drinks & great food.
5	Best mac and cheese around, interesting and delicious drinks, and awesome wait staff. This is another dog-friendly gem. They have water bowls for your dogs and a huge patio that's beautiful in AZ's nicer months. The building is really architecturally interesting - it has a huge window that makes you feel like you're in the bio-dome. If you come here enough, you can definitely feel at home in this place and the wait staff will quickly become your friends.
3	The check-in offer I received a while back is apparently invalid....aside from that this place is pretty cool.  The cocktails are fairly good especially if you are into rum, the atmosphere is vibrant, and the service is generally spot-on.  This is one of those places where the first thing I had off the menu rocked and that is all I ever order....so, I highly recommend the ceviche-yummy marinated white fish on crispy wanton chips!  When ever I am out-and-about in central Phoenix, this is always a spot I consider hitting up along the route.
3	It's kinda hit and miss here.  First time, got great service at the bar and the apps were good.  Second time, called in to see if they had food late, they said yes, I double checked the kitchen times, and headed down.  Took forever to get a menu.  When I did, it was a tiny (all-fried) late night menu--closing in 5 minutes (not 1hr 5min, like I was told).  The bartender seemed irked with the hostess for telling me wrong...whatever.  Then he chatted with a friend until we decided to go elsewhere. Not impressed. I'll give it a third go probably.Cool bar atmosphere.
5	great food great service the staff is very welcoming
5	I am not sure why I have not reviewed Hula's before but I guess I wanted to think it was my secret place that everyone already knows about.  Hula's have always been consistant with both food and Staff.  In the two years that I have been a regular, I see the same friendly staff each time.  John, one of the bartenders, is a big reason why we visit Hula's so often as he is friendly and makes us feel like we are his most important customers.  The food is always fresh and for me, addictive.  My favorite is the Tuna Poke that consists of raw ahi, soy sauce, sesame oil, avocado, onions, macadamia nuts.  Hula's has a great TIKI TIME happy hour will save you some money on food and drinks but beware, they do get crowded.  TIKI TIME Happy Hour 3:30p-6p, Mon-Fri & All night on Wednesdays!
4	Fun place for lunch, happy hour, or dinner. On Wednesday's they have all night happy hour. The signature cocktails are fun & come in cool tiki glasses. Great location off the light rail, but still plenty of parking in the lot. It's fun to get the Volcano bowl when you have a group. I've only ever had the chicken sandwich as I am not much of a seafood fan, but it's good chicken. Someone else in my group ordered the butter fish and said it was the best fish they've had. I have only been to brunch here once and it was a long time ago - will need to try that again soon.
4	This was the site for the first ever Back to Drinking UYE. Yelp friends getting together for happy hour. Wednesday is all day happy hour at Hula's so that is why Wednesday was picked this time. I called them a day before to let them know we were coming and they had no problem reserving a spot for us. I have never been here before but I have always wanted to try a Tiki place and had heard good things about this place. Everything I had heard was true. This place is great. I like the decor a lot and the Elvis movies projected on the wall was pretty cool too. I didn't even realize there was a whole other sit down area on the other side until just before I left. The staff was very nice. Our waiter, who's name I didn't catch, was very good. As people showed up he came over with ice water and asked what else they would like and was always checking up to make sure everyone was ok.They had reserved a long table for us across from the bar and we had 12 people show up all together. Good turn out for the first one.I like the fact that they have Longboard beer on tap. All the appetizers were very good and the drinks were good too. There were a few drinks that I personally didn't like but that was just me. The Hawaiian Ceviche was the the first app out of the gate for me. A white fish with coconut milk, chili, cilantro and garlic served with giant wonton chips. That was so good. Great way to start off and it keep getting better. Next was Spicy Thai Fish Cakes. The white fish again with cilantro, chili, red onion, fish sauces and ginger. Very tasty. Then someone said potstickers and I love potstickers so had to get some of those. When they came out I noticed that they were fried and that worried me because some times places fry them too long and they get very tough but these were just right.I probably ate too much and drank too much because the bill was a little high but I had a great time and so did everyone else. I wasn't to thank Hula's for putting up with us. I will definitely be back and want to try more than just apps next time. I love the Tiki glasses too. They whole night was awesome and I want to thank everyone who came out. I can't wait for the next Back to Drinking UYE.This place goes on my new list of favorite bars.
5	I love this place.  Great food, awesome drinks, and the friendly staff make it so I always have a good time here.I am addicted to the ceviche; I get it here just about every week.  It is so good.  The Juan Ho is a unique tequila cocktail that was created just for Hula's Modern Tiki. I think it is the best of their specialty drinks. plus I love the blue color.I have tried about half of the items on the menu and I like them all.  Some of my recommendations are: The Dark and Stormy cocktail, Pork Tacos, Big Sur Black Bean Burger, Edamame, Hula Burger, Seaweed Salad, and the Cole Slaw.  I even found a recipe for the cole slaw on line and have made it at home, I like it that much.
4	This was my first time coming here for  for Preston S.'s Back to Drinking UYE. I have to say I was a little skeptical about a tiki bar in the middle of Central Phoenix but I figured "hey why not?" And it was definitely worth the trip.The place had a great atmosphere. The big patio outside looks like it would be great for large groups after the heat dies down. The inside was definitely not the over the top tiki room I expected. While it still had a lot of Hawaiian touches, it didn't bash me over the head with corniness like most places. Great music and was especially cool to be able to look up and watch Elvis'  Blue Hawaii projected on the wall above us.The waiter Kyle (Since nobody else seemed to check their receipt ;p lol) was great. He was very patient with our large group, checked on our drinks often, and even got a virgin Hula Juice for the girl since she was DD in case I got a little too drink happy (Honest, she's not preggo you goof balls. I'm just a nut for rum drinks). He was even nice enough to make sure he cut the check up right for some of the other UYE attendants.I started the night with a Mai Tai. Admittedly I am always wary about ordering mai tais at restaurants because it always ends up being some watered down fru-fru drink that looks like something a girl would drink. But the menu promised it was not your typical "fruity mai tai" so I decided to risk risk it. And they weren't kidding. I couldn't have gotten a better mai tai if I had gone to Luau in Hawaii. Nothing fru-fru about it and very strong. Kind of surprised there wasn't a limit on them but I wasn't going to push it after one of those. good rum and great flavor. Just the right mix of alcohol and pineapple juice.For food we started off with the Crispy Coconut Shrimp Rolls. They were fried perfectly with just the right amount of crisp. The vegetables and shrimp were very fresh and the coconut pineapple dipping sauce was great. Was a good size for two people but any more than that and you may want order an extra.For dinner we shared the Shrimp Tacos. Again, props to Kyle for splitting this for us without us even asking since I completely forgot (was halfway through my mai tai by then so can you blame me?). The tacos were just okay but the salsa had a nice kick to it. From what I heard though I really need to grab one of the burgers next time I'm here.Overall we had a great time and I can't wait to come back for more drinks and food.
5	Been going here for around 5 years or so now and really have liked everything about this place.I have had the pork tacos which are soft and flavorful.  But I have to say the fish dinners are my favorites.  I order the Hapu which is the white fish with a mild flavor.  I like the lemon grass encrusted and the macadamia nut encrusted.  I really need to try some of their other dishes and get out of my rut.But if everything else is as good as what I have tried then I highly recommend this eatery.The service here is great.
4	Great little tiki bar! They have really great happy hour specials. Most the drinks were $5 and there was a large selection. Four or five apps on the happy hour as well. My favorite app was the ceviche. It was really good! Fresh, bold flavors, and plentiful. I also had he shrimp rolls and they were good. Tried one of someone elses pot stickers and some edamame. The splicy edamame was really good and unique. The pink bikini martini was my favorite drink. The watermellon flavor is subtle but refreshing. They had old Elvis movies playing on the wall the evening I went which was a fun touch. I think the patio will be a great spot this fall. Clean bathrooms, friendly, fast servers, and great new happy hour spot on my list!!
5	You can all disregard my previous review. I absolutely love this place, and apparently my girlfriends are on board as well. All night happy hour, central Phoenix, easy-on-the-eye bartenders... SOLD. I had mentioned my previous experience to them and how I wanted to give the place a second chance. We love the area and all the surrounding places, so, why not? Best decision. We started off with appetizers (beef sticks, edamame, wings) that were anything but traditional. Every dish had a cultural kick to it, which I loved. Not surprisingly, we could still go for round two... so, all these plates start coming with jerk chicken, ribs, something called a Kahuna? (steak plate) and all other kinds of jaw-dropping, mouth-watering foods. So, at this point, I'm completely stuffed and can't breathe. I love food, but Hula's won this round. However! I kept drinking (damn those sour amarettos) and my girlfriends were drunkenly flirting with the bartender... aaaand that's when you know it's time to go.As the saying goes:  everything deserves a second chance. See you soon, Hula's!
4	Hula's Modern Tiki is a cute little gem in the middle of Phoenix. What's not to love about a modern-with-a-touch-of-retro tiki bar? I have yet to try their food, but the drinks are delicious.The staff is friendly and the patio is a great place to kick back on a nice night. Overall, I would recommend Hula's Modern Tiki to couples, friends, or groups looking for a chill place to kick back under the stars.
4	Delish ! My Hubby was on a mission to find the best rum drink and I remembered Hula's making a delicious drink called "the painkiller" at Devoured. The drink was just as good , if not better , it will knock your socks off if you have too many , but the taste is so delicious that you better have a cab driver on speed dial . We shared fish bites for an appetizer, the fish was extremely fresh and lighter than expected. I hope to make it back to try other menu items.
5	I LOVE LOVE LOVE hulas. Their food is so good. I always get the ahi tacos. Spicy and delicious. The prices are super reasonable. The staff is always so friendly. Great atmosphere.My favorite part is the dog friendly patio :) I always bring my pup to hang out on the patio (we call it Yappy Hour) and our server always brings out a bowl of water immediately for her!I would recommend this place to anyone for great food, service and atmosphere.
5	Hula's is definitely one of my favorite places to eat. The food is always delicious and the drinks are great too. The vibe is super chill, making it a cool place to hang out and grab some grub. The servers are always on top of their game and the prices aren't too shabby. I recommend the chicken tacos!
5	Great service great menu great foosd can't wait until they open in Scotsdale
5	Personally, it's the little details that set a restaurant apart from the rest. The little details like allowing reservations, asking if the check will be split and not having that bother you one bit, smiling, etc. Hula surprised me with how friendly and wonderful the service was. They are certainly doing something right here! The food was delicious as well. I ordered the White Fish Ceviche and Steak Sandwich. Both dishes were so impeccable!The only thing I would change about this place is having it be closer to my house!
4	I visited Hula's today for brunch and enjoyed every bite of the Mango Chicken Caesar salad that I ordered.  My friend ordered the Hula's Hangover Hash and she loved it!  I can't wait to come back and try more from Hula's menu (it all sounded so fresh and delicious).
4	I have driven past Hula's so many times and thought someday I will have to stop by, well thanks to another fellow yelper who set up an Happy Hour UYE, my someday showed up so off to Hula's I went!What a great lil place, love the feel of it, makes you feel like you stepped out of Phoenix and are now at some island bar, I loved that they even had Elvis Presley's Blue Hawaii playing up on the wall.They have some pretty awesome happy hour deals, and on Wed happy hour is all night long. I ordered the Pink Bikini Martini which was pineapple infused vodka, sweet & sour & watermelon liqueur, garnished with a pineapple & cheery, this was a sweet lil drink, so very good! I also tried the Mai Tai, which was pretty good too, but I think the Pink Bikini is my favorite drink their so far! Also tried the coconut shrimp rolls, and I normally am not one to would pick a shrimp dish, but it said it came with a pineapple horseradish dipping sauce, I love pineapple, I love horseradish, so I had to try it!! They were very tasty and packed with shrimp, there was no shrimp shortage in those, and coconut gave it the perfect crunchiness! Very yummy for sure! Glad I have finally tried Hulas out and look forward to going back!
5	i love this place! our waiter was great and the food was fresh. TRY THE PINK BIKINI
5	New Favorite spot in PHX!! Everything is great
3	Service was only ok. We waited for drinks and to order. And it wasn't even a busy night.Food was good but we were over charged. (They said they would honor the Yelp check-in discount and then failed to do so - even after I reminded them.)With so many fresh, hip places to eat in the area - you would think they would try to woo folks more. Perhaps it was simply a bad night. Unfortunately I'll never know.
5	I love that this place has a Saturday happy hour! We came for drinks and an appetizer before going out and it was great! The decor is super fun to watch. They had a move playing in the background as well. Lots of servers were around to help others too! The drinks were yummo and the food was great, we had sweet potato fries. I will totally be back!
5	Great service is just as important as quality food and Tia S. was a great waitress! Very patient with my 1st time guests as they questioned which items were best, attentive to never empty water glasses, and just generally super nice and sweet. I hope we get her next time :-)
5	I live 2.3 seconds away from here. The place is super chill and great costumer service. My drink was always filled up to the top. Its like they watch me take a sip and come over and fill it up. I loveee it. My waitress was cute and so outgoing. You can tell she love what shes doing.I had all their vegetarian dish here. My favorite one has to be the tofu tacos. Their sauce is so yummy and the black beans is on point.  :)
4	Take advantage of Wednesday all day happy hour. The food and drinks are better than average and the servers are nice and appropriately attentive.I had the shrimp eggrolls, which were a good tummy filler. ceviche, which I didn't realize that dish was supposed to be a little sour tasting, so I didn't care too much for it. shredded pork tacos - solidly good. and traditional ribs with slaw - pretty good, as well.
4	Stopped in one night for dinner. I like the decor a lot; really nice ambiance. Our server was really attentive and helpful, too.The habanero chicken tacos are good. I really like the rice and beans, but I didn't think the tacos were that spicy. To be fair, I do have a high threshold for spiciness, so my criticism isn't the most fair. Still, the tacos were good.My husband got the burger. He didn't really care for it, but I don't think Hula's is the kind of place you go to for a burger. If you go and you're thinking about getting a burger, just don't. Try something else, like some tacos or the ribs. I will say that the accompanying Caesar salad was fantastic. I did not expect such a good salad but it was really excellent.Mai tais are delish, but super strong! If you're going to have more than one, make sure you have someone to drive you home (who hasn't been sipping on mai tais with you).Overall, very nice. I'd like to stop by again.
5	Hula's is my favorite place to be in Phoenix. The food is delicious and more on the healthy side. The drinks are amazing and, well, they are drinks - not so healthy =-) The staff are friendly and accommodating. The atmosphere is relaxed and I love the fact I can sit at the bar, have some ahi tacos and watch an episode of Gilligan's Isle on the big screen - or wall which ever you prefer (the batman the movie is fun to watch too!)
5	Friday night at Basha High a group of authentic Hawaiian dancers came and performed at the annual school luau. The crowd of about 200 watched from the pool as the piano and microphones were being set up. The performance began with the pianist and guitarist opening up the show. They started off by playing an opening song and then announced the dancers as they came one by one. There was a total of five female hula dancers and one male fire thrower.  The crowd surrounded the hula dancers as they began to dance. They wore beautiful grass skirts and Hawaii's local flower in their hair. They danced with ease and the crowd applauded at the end of each dance. The dancers were very skilled and danced swiftly. Each dancer made every move look effortless. The music was a mix of drums, piano, and guitar. After the dancers completed their last dance the male fire dancer came out on stage and began to throw flaming torches ten feet in the air. The fire sticks whirled around and the crowd gasped in awe. At the end of the performance the dancers all grabbed a boy from the audience and gave them grass palms to hold. They asked each boy to dance and which ever dance gained the most applause won the contest. Contestant one won with the most applause. Finally the dancers thanked the crowd and finished off their show by dancing off stage.  I would most definitely recommend theses dancers to anyone looking for an entertaining and colorful performance. These dancers were very experienced and got the crowd involved at all times. There was never a dull moment in the performance. The music was incredible and the announcers voice and humor tied the entire show together. I got a chance to speak with the dancers after the show and they do many performances so if you have time I would encourage you to go see one for yourself!
2	I have been here quite a few times and it is either a hit or miss. Happy hour is about the only reason I would go here anymore. Fish cakes and pork tacos are delicious. But I have had more things that I have been disappointed in with this restaurant. Also, their service is hit or miss; I have had some of the worst service of my entire life at this restaurant.
4	Great Happy Hour specials on drinks and appetizers, all around $5. The appetizer sizes are a little small though. Their secret sauce is amazing! Loved the outside patio, especially because it's dog friendly.
5	One of my new favorite places for Sunday brunch! Their drink specials are awesome, food's always great, service is also above expectations, overall a definite recommendation. Can't go wrong with what you order, whether its a burger, breakfast brunch, huge salads, all of it worth the money without breaking bank.
5	This place just never fails to delight!  I have been here a few times now and it is always exceptional. Today was another wonderful experience.Meet a friend here for lunch I got the fish tacos.only I got one fish and one tofu.You can mix and match. It was with a very unique rice and bean dish. My friend got the Tofu Curry salad. I tasted a little of hers and it was also fantastic. Our waiter was so nice, he even gave me a sample of the Lobster bisque. Although I did not order it, it also was good.The water is filtered ,it does not taste like poison so that was really nice as well. I had hot tea (they have an assortment). He refilled it continuously.  One thing we noticed while we were sitting in the bar area was how clean the place was . I mean sparkling clean.  I know that may sound strange but, I was right by a corner and I noticed how it sparkled. The more I come here the more I like it. The bathroom is spotless and beautifully decorated. The place is so retro ,plus they play the best music on the P.A.Parking was good today, not so packed. But ,sometimes it can be hard to find a spot.
4	It's always fun coming to this place when the weather cools down and it's nice out.  I haven't gotten much in terms of food here besides the shrimp appetizers and the blackened fish sandwich.  However, I gotta say both of them were pretty darn good, and the sweet potato fries were better than even Arcadia Tavern's sweet potato tots! Service was great on a Saturday evening, and the water was always topped off (good for the ladies in our group since we had scorpion bowls!).  Since I only seem to come here to grub and go out, I'll have to go back again to try some more things; but the few times I've been here it's always been a blast.
5	Love the place...it has got great cocktails that you can share like the volcano.The outside seating is great as long as its not July.I have a lot of Vegan buddies,so they love it for the different Tofu variations,but my favorite remains the Jerk chicken
5	Hula's is one of my favorite places to eat, get a drink, or do bothIt has such a cool modern tiki design and layout that is sort of makes you feel like you're not in PhoenixIt is very well known for its lush patio but inside dining is just as great because it is so earthy and trendyYou have to try the Mai Tai's, they are fabulousIf you're feeling a bit daring, you and a friend or date should try the Scorpion BowlMight take a group of 3+PS: It has Bacardi 151I have always had pleasant encounters with the servers and waitstaffAll of them are very friendly and knowledgable on both food & drink menusTwo of my favorite foods here are1) The Hangover Hash, it is excellentIf you are there for brunch please try the H.H, you wont regret it2) The Polynesian Chicken Sandwich, again, it is scrumptiousTheir tacos are yummy as well Their happy hour specials are really great too
5	I was looking for a Hawaiian restaurant to satisfy my craving. I called and when I asked about the the dinner plate the gentleman that helped me suggested the Jerk chicken. When I heard the cost I was a little taken back. But I decided to go along. I was not disappointed. It was the best Hawaiian food I've ever had. I wish I could remember the name if the person that helped me. Thank you. I will definitely be coming back again.
3	A Gluten Free review.The waitress didn't have a good idea what was gluten free and after saying "oh, its not breaded, its covered in Panko so its ok" I was hesitant to trust anything she suggested (panko is wheat...in case you were wondering). Then she said something had modified food starch and I was confused as to what kind of "food starch" it was...corn starch? wheat starch? what? so, that was out. So, I was just left with a menu with a bunch of sauces that if I kept asking questions would have sent her back to the kitchen 10 times with questions for busy cooks and half answers when she returned. I settled on the burger with no bun, which, unfortunately I often have to settle for with this annoying allergy. At least it was one of the best burgers I've had in a really long time.  Still, I didn't go to Hula's for a burger...I wanted something different...something Hawaiian (and the burger doesn't have anything Hawaiian about it, except Maui onions.) The burger is ground in-house and the fries are hand cut in house...delicious, but again...a burger and fries.  I really wish they had some more options or some clarity as to what ingredients are so I could have tried something else. Hula sauce, just so you know, is ketchup & mayo. She was nice and attentive and didn't get annoyed by my questions or multiple apologies for being difficult (due to the allergy questions). Our glasses were kept full and we were served promptly.
4	Enjoyed a late dinner.  Nice relaxed Tuesday evening meal.  Tried the Bastard cocktail, poke, and shrimp roll - enjoyed them all.  Good service.
4	This place is in my "circle of trust" when it come to good food and good staff. I suggest trying the shrimp rolls and civeche... AMAZING!
5	This place was absolutely wonderful. We had gone there last night for our first time and it was so nice and Wednesday is happy hour all night! We had a couple drinks and sat by the fireplace on the patio, it was so relaxing.I love the patio a lot the set up was modern and it was very relaxing. The happy hour food was really good and very well priced. I will definitely be coming here much more often!
5	From the seaweed salad to the drinks and service. This place is a jem. Food was amazing and the drinks were generous. Toi mamy favorites to list. I cant wait to come back.
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE! My boyfriend and I come here almost every weekend. The staff is always very friendly, the food comes out in the blink of an eye, and the atmosphere is great. I'm always recommending this restaurant to others and have turned many friends on to this joint. I especially love heading over for a delicious Saturday or Sunday brunch!
5	best food ive had so far in Phoenix everything was spot on service was great drinks rocked and the jerk chicken was amazing. will be going back very soon
5	If anyone knows me they know my love for tiki and know my love for Hulas! Me and my husband come here at least once a week for brunch and it never gets old.  The food is great, the staff is friendly, the drinks are amazing and their happy hour...well you can't find a better happy hour in town! If you find yourself in Central Phoenix and want to try a new place for some awesome grub...stop in at Hulas Modern Tiki...order some tacos....wash it down with a mai tai or a dr funk and enjoy your day!
3	Tried the Hula burger and was super disappointed.  It was basically a raw pre-formed patty without any seasoning on it with special sauce, onions, etc.  Not blown away.Their coconut shrimp rolls are pretty good and their sweet potato fries are done well too.  Would not recommend the burger.
3	Just tried the brunch today. I got the big breakfast sandwich it was pretty good. I would get I t again. My wife liked the bean burger but wouldn't recommend the tofu taco.
5	Other than the fact that you can dive into the joint from the sidewalk, I am not sure how you can consider this Tiki Bar a dive. Lets put our grass-skirt on and do a review on Hulas:~Fud/Drink~Off the top, I have to say that Hulas is EXACTLY how I imagined it went I was day-dreaming about cocktails in the middle of my 4x10 shift. The cocktails they offer are simply bliss. Have a couple of them and your rum-soaked mind will transport you to a beach filled with......er....more booze? Wherever Jimmy Buffet goes to after he get schnockered, just imagine that...Wherever it be, we are talking about a tropical paradise.  I tried a Zombie, which is a concoction of numerous tropical fruit juices along with rum...You just have to try it, its the house specialty. I was the DD, so I could only try this one drink before sobering up... next time, I will break necks to be able to have a couple. I did indulge in the Spicy Thai Fish Cakes...which were equally amazing. I can't describe in words how filling this appetizer was. Needless to say, I was in heaven chowing down on the fish cakes, along with my Zombie...a sentence never spoken until now, btw. ~Atmosphere/Service~I went on Halloween night this year. I was expecting ghouls and spookiness. I got a tiki band with a bass playing upbeat beach songs, all dressed as zombies. It was 100 times more fun than spooky music, and set the scene. All waiters were dressed in fun costumes, and proved to be helpful when I asked questions. When we sat down, a waiter came up and helped us order while I waited for a friend to show. I do have to say that he was a tad bit awkward, kinda hovered a tad every now and then, but I'll give him a pass...at least he cared and kept coming back, rather than never again. While relaxing and eating/drinking, I checked out the space, I love how wide open they made the venue, with easy entry to the outside. As to where you can sit, you have a large wrap around bar top to sit at, as well as outside seating, perfect for cooler temps. As you can tell, the place is all set up as a tiki feel, you almost would come to expect a sand-volleyball court would be set up nearby. Fun times, nonetheless.~Extras/Rating~I have nothing but good things to say about this location. They offer a ton of fish items, so next time I am over, I think I will splurge and give some things a try. Add them on Facebook ASAP, because they offer numerous deals each week. Check out their website which also has info on their daily specials. Combining the specials with normal prices, you can really have an awesome time at a lower price, which is why I really love this place. I can't wait to go back, it only took one night, one dish, and one drink to hook me on...so I am sure they'll get you hooked too! Stop on in! 5 stars goes to Hulas for location/atmosphere, cocktail varieties, food selection, daily specials, and strong management/customer service. You can tell they are doing it right. Thank you Hulas!
4	This place was great!Cool vibe. Lots of free parking.Happy hour was great with even Hawaiian brews for $4.Try the sweet potato fries!Service very friendly.On a nice evening you can enjoy their outdoor dining area.
5	Just a great place to hang!Hula's is my go to place whenever I just want a good time. Great drinks, great food, great service, great ambiance.Tiki Time (Happy Hour) has a great list of Tiki drinks that are priced just right as well as a very nice selection of foods. The full menu is very extensive providing something different no matter how often you visit.And the service always rocks. From my second visit the staff has known my drinks and food preferences. It is so nice when you don't have to always ask for the little things that make your visit special.Nothing like sitting on the patio and sipping a Mai Tai to make the evening go by.
3	The concept is cool. The place is cool. The food is alright. Come for the atmosphere and neighborhood... but not specifically the food itself.
5	Love this place! Happy hour on saturday was from open until 7...which isn't common! The Mai tai is not your normal fruity concoction! It's a strong drink!!! Only $5 a piece is a steal! The mimosas are $2! Very modern building! Bartender was wonderful and very helpful in offering drinks to our group!
4	I've been here a handful of times and love their happy house specials. A LOT of specialty cocktails on happy hour and I was happy to learn that their weekend happy hour goes from 10:30 - 7pm...very rare to find a weekend happy hour! This is only for drinks, though. Food specials are only Monday-Friday. Every time I've been for a week night happy hour I make sure to get the mac and cheese. It's only $5 if I remember correctly. VERY rich, flavorful and comes out in a piping hot crock. I can usually only eat about 1/2 of it so it's also a decent sized serving!I love drinks made with ginger beer (i.e. Moscow Mule) and they use Cock N Bull which is one of my favorite ginger brews. I'll be back again and again and again. :)
5	Love the unique menu Great fun atmosphere Tiki drinks are bombGo for lunch also it's less crowded
4	The jungle curry rice bowl is absolutely delicious. Actually all of their rice bowls are great. Also love their tacos, veggie burger, sweet potato fries and all of their tropical drinks.
1	Extremely pissed off!!!!  They make this big fuss about a special event tonight for thanksgiving ITS 11:20pm and the kitchen is closed!!!  Seriously!!
4	Just tried Hulas for the first time.  We are staying in Scottsdale but thought we would try something different in Phoenix, had our 2 teenage sons with us, ages 14and 17.  I had the Hula's Hurricane and my husband the Mai tai. And both were really good.  For dinner I had the luau pork platter, my husband had jerk chicken, my younger son had the teriyaki chicken sandwich, and my older son, a very picky eater, actually ate and enjoyed the Mac and cheese,  oh, and our starter was the coconut shrimp rolls.We had a young man named William as our server, and he did a great job.  We were still in time for happy hour, which was great.  Liked the casual vib and decor.  They had heaters out in the Plato, but we chose to sit inside.  We will definitely return for another meal the next time we are in town.  There is nothing like this in Albuquerque!
5	Wish we lived closer so we could go to Hula's again! Chose Hula's based on Yelp reviews and were not disappointed. We really enjoyed sitting out on the patio by the fire - fire is always a hit with my hubby. I had the pork tacos, and loved them. The pork was so flavorful, tender and yummy. I'll be trying to recreate those flavors when I get home. The black beans along side were fantastic as well. Daughter got the Mongolian beef - was different than others we've had, but still delicious. Tender chunks of meat, sauce was lighter than others, but very flavorful and enjoyable. They also had some off menu kids options, like chicken strips and grilled cheese, which was a huge help with our little one. Large menu of fruity drinks, served in cool tiki glasses, and a large wine list. Will be back next time we're in town!
3	I guess they don't season the Hula Burger because they use the same patty for the Cajun burger and that burger would be salty.  So heads up - get the Cajun burger if you're gonna try one.  And they also said they leave the fat content high for flavor, fyi.
4	So I've been hearing about this place for the  past 5-6 months since I've moved downtown. I finally made it here. It was a cold night so we sat inside. Hostess and servers were really friendly (it helps I met a regular here). I liked the ambiance inside. The drinks were great and so was the appetizers. Sweet potato fries and shrimp rolls, bomb. Then I had the chicken wings, they had this different taste to the sauce, not in a bad way. Hard to explain it. But I'd definitely recommend them. What really had me, sucked me in and will have me back. They have a projector that was playing movies onto a wall. The original Batman series, like from the 70's. Yeah, the nerd boy in me had a big O. Then after, they played the old school stop motion Christmas story movie. What what!!!Oh and I just happened to find out a girl I went to high school with is a part time bartender here. Her name is Selena. She's very sweet, ask for her, great personality. I'm holding off on the '5th star because drinks are sorta pricy, but hey that's why Seamus isn't that far. :-P
4	The south seas grilled fish tacos were so excellent! Good atmosphere & great service well complimented an evening shared with newfound friends! I'll definitely be back...so many mouth watering menu items tempting me!
5	I tried the Southwest seas fish tacos last week and they were brilliant! Perfectly blackened on the outside and soft & juicy on the inside. Paired with their rice & beans (and maybe even a cocktail), makes a perfect meal.I brought my grandma and mom here a few weeks ago and they tried the fish specials: the pan-fried soy-misu hapu with mushrooms and the macadamia encrusted mahi with mango chutney (you can also do these specials with tofu!). $14-16 for rather brilliant fish specials is a steal! They were both overjoyed to try something new and don't think they'll be requesting Olive Garden (or the dreaded Cheesecake Factory) for their upcoming birthdays. ;) Our server even recommended the perfect cocktail for my grandma and took it a little easy on the tequila, per her request. The service here is consistent and now that I started eating fish again, I can reintroduce myself to all that their menu has to offer. Forever a Hula's fan.
5	my favorite place great food and drink the music could be better but I LOVE this place
5	Went back again today with a group.  This time I did try something different.  I had the Luau pork plate.  The pork was shredded and had chunks of pineapple throughout.  It was served with white rice and cole slaw.  I really like their cole slaw as many restaurants use vinegar in theirs and make it sour tasting.  But not here.  It is delicious.Only complaint I have is all they serve in beer is Hawaiian.  I am an amber beer lover so I don't usually have a drink while here.  Don't they have amber beer in Hawaii?  I also wish they served dinner rolls with the dinners.  Someone at our table had cerviche which was served with large crispy won tons which I stole and used these with my pork to make up for the dinner rolls.
5	Seriously, one of my favorite Phoenix eateries. Ceviche is the best in town, and the rest of the Hawaiian fare is simply delish. Fish bites are ridiculously yummy. Great beers on tap, and the service is laid back yet attentive.
3	Hula's has captured perfectly that hip, urban, midtown Phoenix atmosphere. You'll always find a crowd, their fire pit is pretty interesting, the indoor and outdoor spaces are cool, and they've got posters of old surf movies on the wall in the bathrooms. I was once inspired to try and find one of them, but wasn't able to on Netflix or Amazon. Maybe I just wasn't really that dedicated to the task at hand though.I've been to Hula's a number of times now and only about half of my visits I was ordering food. Not to say their food isn't appetizing, just that Hulas works well as both bar AND grill, and I'm not always out during lunch or dinner. While a bit on the upper end of my dining out price range, every time I've ordered food, it was either good or delicious, but when ordering a drink, I usually stick with a vodka & soda, their other drinks just aren't for me.Their signature cocktails are generally made with either rum, tequila, or vodka, or some mixture of two or three of them, but I've found that a lot of them are to sweet for my tastes. I'm not a real fan of super sweet drinks, and they can reach levels of excessive in my opinion. My favorite food item on their menu are the pork taco's and you can order one taco during happy hour for about $3. HH is Monday - Friday until about 6pm. I've also had their sweet potato fries, tofu taco, edamame, a Hula Burger, and their mac-n-cheese. All were tasty, and worth coming back for, but I imagine I'll try something different next time, like their habanero chicken tacos or their house made black bean burger.Overall Hula's is a fun spot to meet with friends, but I wouldn't go here for more than one or two cocktails unless you're looking to leave with a sugar high.Happy Yelping Phoenix!
3	The poke was amazing and a good size portion to boot. Service was spotty at the bar but great in the restaurant. Tried the Tiki Bastard cocktail it was very strong and too much bourbon. The wasabi mashed potatoes are a miss, no flavor, was excited to try them.  I had the butterfish and it was well prepared. Hubby had the hapu, prepared with coconut flakes, very dry and made the fish seem overcooked. I wouldn't go out of my way to go back.
2	I had an okay experience at Hula's, despite the Sunday night bartender passive agressively threatening to not serve my friend because he has his beanie over his eyes (note: I have seen said friend drunk before and this was not one of the times that warranted threats of non-service so rudely upon being seated.) My lobster bisque and pain killer was good...which I paid for and closed out in cash separately for each, $2 and $1 tip respectively.  I know this because I had exactly one $20 bill left on me and only had $2 remaining when I came home.  What ruined my experience here was my friend informing me that said bartender was claiming I never paid (even though bar tender asked, "You're closing out with cash?" each time) and trying to pin the tab on my friend AFTER I had left.  So unprofessional and completely his fault for attempting to charge us TWICE.  I question coming back after this incident.
4	This last sunday, one of my best friends was having his birthday dinner at Hulus. And since I have never been to a tiki bar outside out Japan or Hawaii (the one in Japan was just a Hawaiiian islands bar but same thing) so I was ready to see what Hulus had to offer. The atmosphere is not over the top tiki but it could use a few more statues. They have a nice patio area which would be nice but it was too cold to use. But lets jump to the heart of the matter, that is the drinks. Oh my. Rum is one of my strong vices. Add fruit juice and I would mostly likly drink it out of a shoe. But besides the fact that sentence shows some crippling alcoholicsm, I dont get to indulge in rum beverages very often. But they had my favorite "Dark and Stormy" which had Ginger Beer as the main mixer instead of juice. And this was mixed perfectly, so much so that it gave off a Dark and Tan floating illusion. I would go back just for that. How about the food? Man can not survive on rum alone. But dammit we try, The food was very good. Three people I was sitting next to got the Tofu bowl and raved about it. The one guy who got the chicken was also pleased. I got the Calamari burger just because I never seen a Calamari burger before. And it was to be expected. It needed to be bit more spicy and a lot more crunchy but still good, since I ate it all. Basically....they do a great Dark and Stormy. And if that doesnt get you go then nothing wil.
2	with so many positive reviews on this place, I was expecting much better. Went with my gf on Monday afternoon. We ordered a spicy thai fish cake for appetizer, a mango bbq rib and a jerk chicken for entrees. The fish cake was ok but a bit salty. The ribs were a bit dry and DRENCHED in bbq sauce. The jerk chicken had too much spices so it was a bit salty and the meat had a mushy texture. The service was doing good but I wouldn't recommend this place to my friends.
3	I want to LOVE this place as much as my colleagues do.. The place is just okay for me. For starters, we've tried the lobster bisque, calamari, fish cakes, ceviche (a favorite), and the ahi wontons (another favorite). For the main entree, which is where the needle continued to point a neutral to below neutral, was the "jerk" chicken and the one of the fishes with the jamaican jerk sauce. Welp.. I've never had shredded, marinated of sorts, jerk chicken.. the outcome was unfortunate. The fish was better than the chicken, but still left me hoping for something.I'd go back for starters or even exploring their pretty cool happy hour specials, but not in a hurry for a seated dinner.Recommendation: Always make a reservation if you can. Also note, they do not take same day reservations.
4	I've probably been to Hula's half a dozen times now and figured it was time to write up a rather glowing review. Never have had anything but great service here, the food has always been consistently amazing and they make some awesome house cocktails. I've come for happy hour quite a few times, and we even came here on NYE for their live music and all-night happy hour - what a fun crowd and a great time. Brunch on the weekends has always treated me great as well, I love their spin on a benedict. All in all, a solid go-to spot with a fun theme in downtown phoenix.
5	Oh Hulas Happy Hour! How I love thee!!!John you make the best libations! I love your conversation and recommendations for food and drinks. Happy hour appetizers and drinks are amazing! The artwork and atmosphere fantastic! Think Mid Century Modern Tiki Outsider Pin Up art  - tiki mug collection is Fab! Love the large screen playing old beach movies too. I also enjoy looking at the ornate detail to the chapel across the street out of your BIG window facing Central. The outdoor patio is spacious and always seems to be being used winter or summer with the help of heaters or misters depending on the season. Staff is attractive, helpful and polite.Your are close to my house for a reason - we searched close to you and many of our other favorite spots!!!
5	(Lyrics - Mr Big - To Be With You)Hula's Modern TikiShow me what you got to eatDrinks up, Luau PorkA Longboard Lager can't be that badWhen it's brewed, it's brewedHula's will make you breakfast tooSo come on, foodies, come on overLet Bo Bites be the one to show youI'm the one who wants to eat with you Deep inside I hope you'll taste it too Waiting in a line for drinks and foodJust to be the next to eat with youHula's Modern Tiki is fast becoming one of Phoenix's downtown staple.  Always open and always on the trend of making this happen.  Seasonal and daily specials so this is definitely one of those places that is worth the visit.Hula's, like the name says, is a modern tiki restaurant.  The displays and decor are not as tacky though.  Actually well maintained and a lovely spot to to hang with friends or bring a drink date.  I love coming here for brunch!  $2 mimosas and the menu is a knockout!  We started with some spicy edamame and crispy shrimp eggrolls.  The spicy edamame made me want to drink more haha cause it was SPICY!  Loved it! While the eggrolls were crispy and crunchy from the shell. the shrimp texture mellowed it out.  I ordered the Luau Pork for my main; thought it was okay, I didn't care for the porky taste I guess, but my friend ordered their jerk fish.  Hands down I was so jealous cause it was damn good! The jerk was nice and creamy and with a kicking spice as it should be.  Overall, service was very good and food was excellent as usual.  You can't ask for anything more from a restaurant.  Thanks Hula!  - Enjoy!
5	Lobster Bisque is the business. Bartender John was attentive and had a great demeanor and personality. Good experience all around.
4	This is a really neat place. I've only been for small plates but have eaten my face off. Yup. Maybe I shouldn't be bragging about that. "Grazes. Watch your valuables tho.""Will leave no blade of grass unturned.""Has the mouth of a Hoover."Er - perhaps I should revise those warning labels. What I'm trying to convey is that the food here is gosh darn good. The service is always with a smile. And this place is super group friendly. This can be dangerous. Watch out! I mean, for your waist lines!I'm going to start with a SERVER SHOUT OUT.My most recent adventure was under the tutelage of a bomb diggity server named William G. (#68). This kid was zip zagging seamlessly inside and out to help a number of large tables. I gotta tell you something - come closer - this kid is solid gold. Waiting on groups is not like taking attendance. (Unless that involves herding cats in the dark.) There's a reason they ask for your party to be present in order to be seated. It's so taking orders is easier. Did we do that?Nope.Were we consistent in our ordering pace all night?Nope.Did we have a lot of questions?Uh huh.Did he ever break his smile?Nope.Did he have time for me to point out a $0.50 HH hour difference on the menu for a draft beer? Um, NO. The kid was still smiling and super pleasant to boot. Gold! (Probably hates me.)HAPPY HOURDood. They have four beers on tap, generally on the lighter side. (Note: Currently stocking a Koko Brown which is dark, "coconut inspired" which I am a fan of.) $3.50 or $4, not sure. Whatever the price it's a good deal before 6pm.Late to HH? Can't be here by 6pm? Follow them on Twitter for their "Word of the Day". You'll want it for super special pricing on drinks. (I heard you can also receive it via email.)FOODHoly Smoke! There are very rich foods (watch those waist lines) and delightfully healthy, small portion options. HOH so good! My photos have some of my favorites. Right now what I would give for a HH tofu or pork taco.  (Yeah, I went out last night. Need some replenishing.) $3 provides a taco that can be served into *two* portions. That rules! And it fits with my balanced approach to not exercising. Hey! I'll get back to the gym. Someday.Right.Until then, I'll come drink and be merry. Here.And, apparently at the new location that is opening in Scottsdale.TOO MANY CHOICES!
3	This place is 3 stars in the best sense.  It's really super cute and 50s tiki-themed.  The inside is really nice but a little cramped, with a beautiful patio, tiki-themed decor, and even tiki mugs.  There are lots of fun, rummy, sugary drink options, some served in tiki mugs.  The food is pretty good, and pretty reasonably priced - definitely better than average bar food.  It tends to be loud and crowded and the service is a little spotty.  Mid-summer visits can be iffy.  The misters can't be on outside after the sun goes down...apparently this makes the patio slippery, but, frankly, it also makes the patio really, really hot, especially if the misters are on when you're seated and then turned off a few minutes later.  They also sometimes list items on the menu long after they've actually discontinued them (the ground ahi burger is an example - the server said: oh, we haven't carried that for ages).Over all, a fun place to meet friends and hang out, if you don't mind waiting a bit for service, bumping into people, and gettting pretty hot on summer nights.
5	I've never had a bad time at Hula. The drinks are some of the best mixes in the valley. Be careful though, they pack a helluva punch.  From the burgers to the Mongolian beef bowl to their ceviche, you can't pick a bad dish.  They set out to be a throwback 50's style tiki bar and they nail it.  But, if you really want to enjoy yourself, sit at the bar. John (the tall guy) is hands down one of the best bartenders in the valley. Somewhere the art of that job got lost. The fun, easy to talk to, quick witted bartenders have been in large part replaced with a surly, too busy to chat, cooler than you crowd that makes it hard to be a repeat customer anymore. Not at Hula.  Some people think that five stars are too commonly given out. I think five stars are deserved when it's a place you've recommended *first* when somebody asks you where to go downtown. Hula's been that more than once.
5	Some of my funnest, most memorable nights have started @ Hula's! Whether I go there for a lil' HH or a nice dinner (...or killer brunch!), I always have a great time. The food styling is very unique in the Midtown area...Hawaiian/Asian fusion. My favorites are the ceviche, the abalone-style calamari, and the Kona French toast for brunch.   My friend B. and I were on a quest for the best sweet potato fries in PHX not too long ago, and Hula's was the clear winner! Love the aioli!  Another of the reasons I keep going back to Hula's is because of the awesome bar experience. John, the bartender, makes some of the best drinks in Midtown. In addition to Hula's mega-luau of tropical drinks, John had made me some killer "experiments" including a Spicy Dark-n-Stormy and an Absolut Cilantro & lime tonic.   Mahalo Hula!
5	My boyfriend and I are new to the area and just driving around and found Hula's -we are so happy we did! We had couple beers at the bar before being sat. Try the koko brown seasonal on tap, soooo delicious! One of the best beers I've had. Food was amazing! I got the short ribs and he got the jerk pork plate. We where both super happy and definitely going to be coming back!
5	Incredible! if your ever here ask for John the bartender or cross your fingers and hope he just happens to be working when your there! the food is good and the drinks are brilliant!!
5	Awesome spot! From the food to the drinks this place is off the chain! Make sure to see John at the bar.... Best bartender in town! He serves up some of the best cocktails around!
5	I was visiting a friend in Phoenix and while we were driving to a museum, Hula's Modern Tiki caught the corner of my eye and made me look. It looked pretty cool. I couldn't figure out if it was a bar or a restaurant and noted that we should go there later. And that's just what we did!We decided to go out for dinner and drove back to Hula's. We asked to be seated outside near the fire (it was a nice January night in Phoenix but a little brisk in the air, and the firepit outside took that away nicely). Their menu was HUGE and everything looked good. My only problem was deciding on what to get. The prices were reasonable and the food was delicious. The service was excellent and the ambiance was perfect. If I lived in Phoenix, I'd be a regular for sure!
4	One of my favorite stops!!! The atmosphere is awesome!!! The food is amazing!! We always get the coconut shrimp spring rolls, and the spicy edamame. Very good. And I usually choose from any of the fish. I like that you can pick what you want and how you want it cooked etc. The burgers are amazing if you don't like fish and so is the salads!!
4	Is the food good? Yes it is. Is the food great? Ehhh. It's just pretty good. My wife and I shared two different plates to get more of a taste of what Hulas has to offer. I ordered a chicken breast burger of some sort with sweet potato fries. The burger was good enough, the sweet potato fries were luke warm and could have been a little crunchier. She didn't care for the cajun hamburger she'd ordered. I thought it was pretty tastey. She ordered french fries. Pretty average, nothing special. Overall, I feel there are better dine-in options on Central. I do like the Hulas' atmosphere, and it's likely I'll return to give it another go sometime.
5	I've frequented Hulas for over three years now and I still love it as if it is new! Great food and drinks- awesome service. Lots of variety! Hawaiian Ceviche- grilled wings, coconut shrimp rolls, burgers, salads, black bean burger, tofu tacos, steak tacos. Those are a few of my faves! Just go. Try it. Killer Patio. Definitely one of my favorites!
4	Such a fun and chill atmosphere! The happy hour is pretty decent but one thing I love about this place are the drinks!
5	Excellent food, service, and atmosphere...what more can you ask for?  Casual setting with full bar and many unique island drinks.  Large food portions at very reasonable prices.  So much to choose from and they all look so good! Across from Swirl and parking is free! I will be back again!
4	Interesting drink & good menu. Nice options. Best blood orange martini I have ever had. Fast & friendly service.
4	Since we have been to their Scottsdale location a few times and loved it - we of course had to head to the original! We opted to sit at the bar and enjoyed that they had the patio completely open so we could enjoy the amazing night despite not sitting outside.We made it a point to head out on a Tuesday since it was 2 for $20 appetizer and drinks night.  Of course we went with the staple Dr. Funk for our drink (couldn't pass it up) and I had the coconut shrimp rolls, while he opted for the wings and added on the small fries ($4).  The food was great, the projector on the side of the ceiling was fun, and the ambiance overall was a winner. The only off thing at this location was the bill.  We got our bill and the bartender ended up having to explain what was done. It looked like they rang up our food and drinks and then rang up the $20 deal, so our total was originally $68 dollars, of which they took $38 off in discounts, which was still off, since with the two app, two drinks and fries it should have been $24+ tax, not the $30 it was after all the odd line items.  We are guessing that something wasn't accounted for in the discounts? It was too confusing to argue over the extra money since we weren't even sure where the mistake was!Overall: A-As expected the food and drinks were amazing, the staff was friendly and ambiance was great (really cool patio, funky window facing out to a church, projector movie on side of ceiling, etc.).  Only downside was a confusing bill, but sincerely doubt that will prevent us from returning again and again!
5	This was a great place. The food was great and the drinks. I liked the outdoor seating next to the fireplace.
1	Eh.  I had been wanting to try this place for so long and we happened to be in the area yesterday and decided to pop in for a happy hour drink.  I opted for the Tiki Bastard.  It was to be a mix of bourbon and gin along with a few other interesting things.   There was nothing interesting in it.  It basically tasted of soda water.  My husband tried the Hula's Hurricane.  Again, mediocre.  At least I can check this off the my list of places to visit,
5	Wow!  This place is the best!  I've heard lots of wonderful things, and it certainly lived up  to the hype.  The food was great, drinks were strong, happy hour prices were fantastic, the service was above average and the ambiance was fabulous.    I had the Pain Killer- even at Happy Hour prices, the drink was full strength and a great blend of rum and tropical flavors.  We shared two appetizers, the pork taco (it says it is one, but there is enough meat for two) and the coconut shrimp rolls.  The pork was a great blend of sweet and savory and the shrimp rolls were filled with shrimp and coconut and served with a great dipping sauce.  We rounded out our tropical get-away with a lobster bisque that was hearty, filling and full of shredded lobster.  My daughter opted for the Island Style Poke.  The menu listed it as "market price"- but we lucked out and they had a double shipment that they wanted to move, so it was only $5 that day.  Even so, it was a hearty serving, which she took home with her, and would be well worth paying full price.  We live in Scottsdale, but were downtown that evening.  We will definitely check out the Scottsdale location- soon.
5	-Never been but will now frequent.-Service was the best I've had in a while (the server specifically)!-Cajun burger was delicious even though was a bit to medium than what i prefer-Pork Taco was also fancied much-That Mac and cheese tho... could taste wayyyy too much butter... would not recommend*... seriously too much butter.I have only one weird irrational complaint.... straws were too bright and made my head hurt?..... :/. Also was a pretty sunny day and forget my eye shields.
1	I ate here two years ago and loved it. The service is terrible. We were billed for things we didn't order. The chicken tacos were good...if ordered at Baja Fresh. The kitchen ran out of desert 5 hours before closing on a Saturday. Do not go for anything other than happy hour.
5	I've been very fortunate to have this place close by. I have taken many boyfriends, friends and relatives here, and we all agree that Hula has amazing food; a chill, generous and attentive staff; and a fun, casual vibe. The restaurant is very open to the outside with some of the walls removed, and there's a fire pit to keep dinner cozy on those chilly nights. Hula's is dog friendly and right next door to Twirl, a highly reviewed froyo joint (in case you want a light dessert to follow). I am not a fan of Bloody Mary's, and my boyfriend hates anything without meat, yet I really enjoyed their B.M., and he always ends up asking for "a couple" bites of my black bean burger. They got us both addicted.
1	This is a great place, the volcano I amazing. But do you know this place this got a Grade D from the health department inspection? This is the lowest grade you can get. The have found dead roaches in the bar the last 3 inspections, food not labeled with proper dates, and not at proper temperatures.  I will avoid this place now.
4	Service: Slow! But very friendly.Food: The fish is always good, and they have a great selection of tacos.The best: The patio! This is the best patio in the valley. You get great people watching, Light Rail watching, and sit in the beautiful Arizona night.Get the Pork Tacos. They are on the Happy Hour Menu, as well.
5	You can't go wrong here! There is something for everyone! The menu and atmosphere is very eclectic. You'll find business groups, old people, young people and some people that you can't quite figure out. One thing is for certain- you'll always get good service! I've been here for brunch, lunch, happy hour and dinner and have never once been disappointed. As for what to order I highly recommend the spicy thai chicken bowl! If you are on a budget I recommend the pork taco only $3 on the happy hour menu. The amount of meat is easily 2 tacos. My favorite part of the menu... DRINKS! The blood orange martini on the rocks is a must try!
5	Place is awesome.  If you're fortunate you can strike gold here on a Wednesday like myself with all day happy hour apps/drinks til 11pm.  Ceviche was marvelous as were the shrimp rolls.Blackened Ahi salad was divine too.Definitely go here again when visiting Phoenix area.
4	fun place! great drinks & food
5	Great little spot!Have been here quite a few times and have never had a bad experience. The staff is always friendly and the service is fast. Food taste wonderful and the menu is diverse and healthy. I would recommend anyone to check Hula's on Central out!
4	We really love this place.  Service is outstanding and the food is great.  We started with the shrimp rolls as an appetizer and my wife had the Thai Bowl and I had the perfect lobster bisque and seared ahi on wonton chips with wasabi cream and ginger.  All excellent.  We finished by sharing a slice of very good key lime pie.  Drinks are strong and tasty.  All of this happened in a great, open atmosphere.  Everybody who works here is happy.  Everybody who eats here is happy.  We will be back.....probably this weekend.
3	Have been looking for a good Polynesian style restaurant in the Phoenix area as my wife enjoys one back in Connecticut, where she is from. We were looking for a good scorpion bowl, and we found one here! The scorpion bowl is excellent and I would recommend people to try it. The reason for the lower rating is the food. My wife had the pulled pork sandwich and wanted to try the Hawaiian Macaroni Salad. She asked the waitress about it and was told that this was homemade and tasted sweeter than a regular one and was very good. The salad we received tasted like it was bought from a grocery store. The only way we made it different was to use the sauce from her pork on it, which then gave it a good flavor. Otherwise you can get the same thing from Safeway.  The pulled pork was good as were the sweet potato fries. We may go back again, but would not order the Hawaiian Macaroni Salad.
5	This meal was incredible!! The service was so great! All of the servers were so laid back and nice. The food was reasonable priced for how great it was. Unfortunately, we're just here for spring break, otherwise I probably would become a regular.
3	I was not to impressed. I had the shrimp tacos it was blah and way over priced, $14 for 2 tacos. The atmosphere was great and waitress was busy but still managed to serve in a timely manner. I think it's more of a happy hour kind of place not a place to have a nice sit down dinner with the family.  I would probably go again with friends to have drinks though.
5	Thank god the tiki bar is open!  Love this place as it is the ONLY tiki bar in Phoenix.  It is excellent though.  Happy Hour is a terrific deal filled with urban hipsters on the patio with the light rail buzzing by.  Eat there or venture in to the restaurant and enjoy delicious tropical drinks with fare such as jerk pork, fresh spring rolls or my favorite the Caribbean Mango Chicken Caesar salad.  Did I say the drinks are AMAZING?  Well, they are.
3	Food was delicious and fun atmosphere for a night out. Out server had too much attitude and that ruined the experience. Because of food allergies I had a few questions and it took her too long to come back I answer my questions (and she was passing our table frequently so it wasn't like she was talking to the chef). After wetting frustrated I tried to wave her down and she started getting rude with us.
5	Great food and atmosphere is lively.  We had iced tea, poinsetta mimosa and two appetizers - I forget what they were called but one was fish with tortilla's and the wonton's - both were very yummie. Not a great place for being able to carry on a conversation at the dinner hour, but great place if you don't need to carry on conversations across the table.
4	Marvelous place to go for Happy Hour. Great patio. Great atmosphere and nice service. Wednesday is Happy Hour all night.
5	I have brought so many people here and nobody has ever been disappointed!  I haven't tried one thing that I haven't liked. Every time I try something it becomes my new favorite.Great food great atmosphere great service... What else could you ask for.Also, don't forget to bring Fido. They have a dog friendly patio!
5	This place is awesome!  Everything I've had has been great -both food and drink!!!!  Great food, great service, great atmosphere, great drinks.  Me and my wife had our wedding reception here and we heard nothing but positive reviews from all 40 or so people!EAT HERE IT IT WELL WORTH IT!!!!!
4	This place is fun and creative. I totally dig it. When I'm in the mood for some island food this is where I go. Awesome drinks and a lengthy menu will please anyone. The patio is great too. Only complaint is that sometimes the service leaves something to be desired. All in all I say try it, you will love the vibe.
5	Came for brunch...Huge portions..great drinks, fun decor.   Wil be back. The group I came with was pleased.....the only suggestion is maybe have some sauce available as a good pairing for some of the dishes, not just a hot sauce.
5	I love this place!! I'm glad they opened a 2nd location in Scottsdale, but the original is way better! I love the atmosphere here-the patio space really makes it. The inside decor is unique too, and really makes you feel like you're elsewhere. The staff is always on top of service. I've never had a bad experience. The drinks are good-it's a polynesian place, so definitely a lot of Mai Tai action. I can usually only have one because they're so sweet, but luckily they have wine, beer and a full bar as well. And the food?! OH THE FOOD!! So friggin' delicious! My go-to is the Mango Chicken Ceasar, but I suggest you try something new for each visit. They're BBQ Rib Dish is delicious. And don't forget to get some sweet fried plantains! Just like mom used to make!
2	This place should remove the food section on yelp or online about being Hawaiian. This is not Hawaiian food. The place is cool small ambience place. Service was good and friendly. Lunch menu was ok and I wasn't intersted in it and asked if I could order off the dinner menu and was told no; not til 3:30 ( it was 230).  The food portions are good. The kalua pork is not kalua pork and the rice seems like uncle bens. I'm here for a wedding and gave it a try. I would come back to try some dinner options but not for lunch. Just not my stylealohaA real Hawaiian
4	An excellent combination of comfortable setting, well made cocktails and a fine steak all followed by excellent Key Lime Pie. IOur server was attentive, and wait times were very reasonable. We were seated in the outer patio area, but the street noise was not a distraction as the patio had plenty of energy of it's own. I definitely consider  this a great spring / fall location choice, my be tough in summer. What missed the 5th star?, seats were less than ideal, steak was a tad mis-trimmed.  The Zombies were excellent and the tastes were in good balance.
5	Beautiful patio and delicious food!  Jawaiian Jerk Chicken was so flavorful; the plantains were unique - sweet and great texture. Wish I had room for the ahi tacos... They sounded amazing.
5	I really, really like it here. The staff is friendly, attentive, greets you as you walk in and the food/drinks are great! I think the old movies playing add a nice touch, too. I'll definitely be bringing all my out-of-town guests here.
5	I love this place. The food is great and the cocktails are awesome. You must try the Tropical itch. The staff is very helpful and laid back. I have tried the new Scottsdale location but I prefer this one. They are also dog friendly on the outside patio. I love how they even have a happy hour on the weekends.
4	Love this place, the Mongolian beef bowl is the best!  Great atmosphere and friendly staff.  Only comment is the staff should have name tags or uniforms so they are more recognizable!  Great place though!
5	This was a fabulous dining experience. the food was very delicious. I ordered the Pork sandwich with sweet potato drys and macaroni salad. for an appetizer i got the coconut shrimp rolls, they were great as well. Next  time in in town I will defiantly come back! The staff was very friendly and helpful with their recommendations.
3	Every time I go here I always try something new and I'm hoping one of these times I'll find something I like...to date no luck
5	clarify - seats are resin plastic, not terrible for a patio situation. I am upgrading review for two reasons; my brother who was with me dogged me for the rating, he felt it was an incredible night ( he is from Denver and wishes he could drop by anytime!!) and second the owner is engaged and messaged about my experience, I always give credit when feedback is embraced and responded too. That unfortunately does not happen nearly often enough for what is really a service business. Great place, now on my top places to go across the country!! And besides, who does not love a Tiki-Bar !!!
4	After coming here a couple of more times I can honestly say that it's a pretty decent spot on central, the drink I get is the scorpion bowl (4 two people) which is incredible!! Must try!!This is more of a drinking spot because of the awesome atmosphere & location but as far as food I like the appetizers, but I think the entrees could be better!I really rate this spot a 3.5 but I give it a 4 because of the amazing atmosphere!!!!Try the ceviche appetizer & coconut shrimp roll appetizer...I am also looking forward to trying the new Scottsdale location!
2	Summary-only go to this place for happy hour drinks and food (HH food is only available mon-fri). For the drinks and happy hour I'd give a 4 star rating, but our overall experience wasn't so great. We were given a menu and were quite happy with our appetizer choices only to find out those weren't served on Saturdays and the same with the dinner menu. If you are there for lunch on the weekend there is a separate small menu on the last page so don't get excited by anything on the 1st 3 pages because you probably can't order them and they won't tell you this until you try. They really need to have different menus for different days and times. Plus our salad wasn't very good and way over priced. The ceviche was good, but again way over priced if it isn't happy hour. P.S. They had only 2 umbrellas for the entire patio which covered 1.5 tables leaving the remaining 10ish tables uncovered. Kinda lame for Phoenix
1	If you like bland food, slow impersonal service then this is the place for you. Just left the "Mother's Day" lunch. We don't know our servers name, we had to ask for drinks to be replenished, and left a tiny tip which I rarely do. But it is the reason I hate "posh" places. Blah. Spend $70+ elsewhere.
3	Love the atmosphere at this spot however I have to admit I was expecting more traditional Hawaiian food not Hawaiian fusion cuisine so I was a bit disappointed however everything we ordered was packed with flavor especially the wings!!
3	Hula's Modern Tiki serves island and Hawaiian dishes and has a pretty decent drink/cocktail menu. We ordered the shrimp tacos ($14) and kalbi ribs ($15). The tacos came with two tacos, each on two corn tortillas with 6-8 small shrimp and a large amount of slaw. The tacos were served with salsa and a side of rice with beans on top. The tacos were OK, but had an overwhelming amount of cilantro that overpowered the dish. The ribs came with macaroni salad and rice. The ribs and rice were very sweet tasting. The macaroni salad was bland. I ordered a blood orange martini ($7). It was very good. Hula's offers happy hour Monday to Friday until 6 pm and all night Wednesday. Drinks and a few appetizers are $5 during happy hour. There are also Monday and Tuesday night specials. I would not order either dinner we had, but the drink was good enough that I would go back during happy hour and try an appetizer. The bearded waiter was good and honest about which dishes are his favorite and which aren't so great, which was appreciated.
5	I used to be a regular here but moving away from downtown has moved me to a new watering hole but I do miss this place.Food/drinks/happy hour/atmosphere I usually order the Dr. funk or the Hawaii 50 (both 5$ during happy hour) which are both great options if you like a fruitier drink, I would ask the bartender to recommend something based on your taste as they are usually nice enough to let you try it. I have tried a lot of their menu and the pork tacos (happy hour 3$) are a big stand out to me they taste like a kalua pig mixed with some great spices with a fresh home made salsa that has some spice but not much which is great. They have a great happy hour from 3:30-6 mon-fri and all night weds great time to check this place out if you are curious. The place is real laid back I have been there in slacks and dress shirts to basketball shorts and a white tee. The badI have had an issue with one waiter a few times (3 to be exact)in one such event I came in during their freaky tiki event where they had a buy one get one free. I ordered 2 dr funks for me and my girl who was running a bit late, he let me know that he would bring me one drink at a time and that I couldn't have 2 drinks. I explained the situation to him and he just walked off without acknowledgement and came back with one drink. We had to wait a while for him to come back as it was busy, not a very good experience but now when I go in I avoid his section so no problem. The parking is also a concern especially during the weekend but I have heard they are working that issue out.Take a chance on this place you won't be disappointed even with a few hiccups this place deserves the 5 stars.
3	I like the food here but the service at the bar pretty much sucks Hawaiian balls.  The bartenders didn't offer any help until I accosted one of them for water.  Then I was handed a drink menu.  Had to ask for a regular menu then had to jump up and down wildly (well, almost) to get him to take my food order.  Perhaps they don't like peoples who dine alone at the bar. :-/
2	Menu items never changeSOME not all servers just seem to stand around doing nothing but bringing food out and above taking plates back leaving it entirely to bus boysConsistency of food is lacking (poached eggs one day boiled another)We only come here now when other friends convince usI forgot to mention this part, the drinks are usually good when they do finally come out, and when made right the food is excellent and ingredients always seem fresh...
4	After leaving my bad review Dana was gracious enough to contact me, which to me goes a long way. So I wanted to add this bonus review that I do love Hula's for happy hour. I will go back someday for actual dining and try it again.
5	I'm updating my review as I feel I was being a bit (or a lot) pissy the day with my 3-star rating.  I've always really like this place.  It takes an entire team of excellence to get a 5-star rating and I shouldn't have let just one bad moment define my overall experience with Hula's over the past 3 years!  It really is one of my favorite places!
2	Went for brunch and was disappointed but based on the reviews I decided to give hulas another chance for happy hour  I would say drinks only. The food was bland as just sad ex: the rice not cooked and was actually crunchy
2	We entered Hulas Modern Tiki and immediately felt the wind Leave our sails. This A Frame style building resembles a cabin more than a tiki bar.  Very sterile and no cozy island vibe.  I ordered a Mai Tai. It arrived sour and unpalatable. The waitress offered to replace it with another drink. I ordered the Tropical Itch, suggested by the bartender who said it was a sweet drink. Again, a sour drink. Perhaps a mixer/juice was bad.  We ordered the Crispy Coconut Shrimp Rolls and the Abalone Style Calamari.  The calamari was good, but a bit soft from improper frying.  The coconut shrimp rolls were outstanding. We opted to skip the main course and go to dessert. We ordered the Coconut Creme Pie.  The pie was not the custard type but more of a cheesecake.  After getting a large glob of cream cheese which I had to sneak from my mouth to my napkin, we gave up and asked for our check.  The 2 stars are 1 for the shrimp rolls and 1 for our waitress.  We are leaving here disappointed and in need of a Good drink and dinner. This was a $40 lesson.
3	We went back to Hula's Modern Tiki to give it a second try after the owner contacted us and provided a gift certificate since we did not have a great first experience. We both ordered the blood orange martinis, which I had and liked last time. They were good, and we agreed the drinks might be worth going to have. They were each $7. I ordered the Hula's Modern Fish Sandwich, per the owner's recommendation. I enjoyed it. It is large. The fish to bread ratio is good, and the flavor is nice. There was not overpowering cilantro on the slaw on this dish. I had sweet potato fries with it. They were somewhat soggy and not great. That dish was $12. I would eat the sandwich again. He had the Mongolian Beef Bowl without black beans. The rice was very sweet, but we knew that after last time. The meat was cooked well. The curry lime sauce does not resemble Mongolian Beef. The dish had a little too much cilantro. Because the flavor was not like that of a traditional Mongolian Beef, I would not order it again. It was $13. The server was nice and helpful, though service was much slower tonight than last time. All in all, we really want to like Hula's because the drinks are decent, the location is convenient and the patio is nice. However, the food is just not a huge win for us. We may return for happy hour but probably not for dinner.
5	We were looking for a late lunch stop after shopping and before checking in I our hotel. If we lived in Phoenix, this would be a regular stop. Service, food, ambiance, and drinks were perfect.
5	What a gem for the mainland! I love their specials they have throughout the week. Dana and his crew definitely got everything RIGHT with this place. The decor, food, atmosphere, drinks, and service are all great. I'm a particular fan of the black bean burger; it's not like many of the veggie-based burgers. This is thick, hearty, flavorful, and not heavy. I don't know if your tastebuds would, but mine boogie with glee. I also like the shrimp tacos with their version of slaw. Again, not heavy and just the right blend of acid and sweet. Their happy hours are such great deals, and happy hour on the weekends is practically the entire day! Anybody up for some Tiki Time? The patio is fantastic for sitting and sunning along the light rail path. You can glimpse the dome of St Francis Xavier or look across toward the interior of the restaurant. Either way, you feel like you are in a happy Phoenix place. The best part? A pup friendly patio, and that's always platinum to me! Not only to they allow dogs, they'll bring out a bowl of water and include a cookie or two, too! Two paws up!
4	Good drinks and good food-Garlic Edamame was delicious Chicken bowl was amazingChicken tacos were goodBeef bowl has a lot a yellow curry flavor but still good
3	The owner odd contact me to make things right.   I do appreciate the effort.  Maybe what we experienced truly was a one off.
4	We went here last week. The Crunchy Fish Bites are covered in crunchy panko and come with a  slightly spicy sauce, the mac and cheese is delicious, and the signature mai tai is nothing like a traditional mai tai, but believe the menu, which says "strong". It really is, but it tastes pretty good. We actually ordered three different cocktails and liked them all.I was underwhelmed by the pork tacos, which seemed a little bland. Our waitress was great though.
4	Revisited  a weeks ago, happy to report that the food was more consistent and service was improved...  had eggs Benedict and they were indeed what you would expect...
5	Favorite restaurant. Wish I remembered the name of this awesome server there, but everyone is great that we have had. Food and drinks are awesome and they have great daily specials, happy hour throughout the week.
4	This place was awesome. It was upscale Hawaiian food to die for. The mixed drinks were fantastic. You must get the painkiller.
3	This made for a good lunch spot with a friend. I asked for the spicy Thai chicken bowl, but less rice and more cabbage. It ended up being rather like a cabbage-based salad, which was okay by me! The chicken was nice and tender, though the spiciness was rather overwhelming for me, personally. I ate it all, but it's not a dish I'd order again.The atmosphere was very nice in there and we had great service. My friend greatly praised their happy hours, and I'd like to visit again during that time.
4	The jerk chicken was pretty for this not be resturant dedicated to jamacian cusine. I would order again. Also the drink I had was very tasty and smooth.My waitress was great! They comped our drinks for keeping us waiting and I didnt feel like we were waiting long at all so I felt much obliged to compensate her with a tip. She had a nice personality and made my friend feel at home for her 23 birthday with a nice ice cream concoction.I will definitely be visiting again! I want to try more of their food gems and explore the drink menu
4	Hula's is another place that is on my bucket list and a few friends met here for dinner before seeing a show at Crescent Ballroom. We went on a Saturday evening and it wasn't too busy, which doesn't surprise me for a DTPHX restaurant on the weekend. We started off with coconut shrimp rolls and potstickers, which were very good. In hindsight we probably shouldn't have gotten them though because the entrees are HUGE. 3 of us had burgers while the other had a bowl, and 3 of us took about half of our meals home (and I had mine as a drunk midnight snack). I had the cajun burger with regular fries and a cocktail which all come in adorable Hawaiian themed glasses. The service was great and the price was on point with what we received. They definitely lived up to the hype.
4	Very cool building and great spot to go when its nice out. They open it up and looks really cool. Pretty good bar food too if you are just getting a drink a good place for just a drink and appetizers too. Portions are big on most items.
3	I really want to try this place out again but I haven't worked up the courage to do so. My husband and I went for a date night and ordered the lobster bisque and a burger. We were very pleased and excited that we had found this gem! The next day while looking through Phoenix Health inspections, we were mortified to see Hulas for uncleanliness. The inspection was specific that multiple roaches were found in the bar area and unsafe food temps. I get very picky when it comes to raw foods and uncleanliness. From what I observed, everything looked AMAZING however I can't help but think about their health code violations. Maybe next time I go, I should ask for their restaurant grade!If you don't believe me here is their health/inspection report! They were graded with a D UPDATE: I received a response from the owner and was informed that since the previous inspection, new rules/regulations and positions have taken place to make sure their restaurant rules are up to par. Maybe I might make my way over sometime this week and try the poki! :)
5	So much fun! I love the atmosphere and classic tiki cocktails at Hula's. Whether you're just getting drinks and appetizers or want a delicious meal, Hula's is fantastic.
4	WOW!  Talk about a metabolism booster....the Thai Spicy Chicken, was insanely delicious and full of flavor.  The staff was amazing with our large group including 4 kids under the age of 5!  Love the outside atmosphere and open feeling.
5	OMG! This place rocks!!!  The food is amazing and the atmosphere is perfect.  I would recommend the  Hawaiian Ceviche, Shrimp Rolls and Lobster Bisque - all were fantastic.  Bring a date, I'm sure they would be impressed.
5	My wife and I used to enjoy visits to Trader Vic's in Scottsdale, and when it closed I was tasked with the challenge of finding another place to enjoy weekend dinners and the occasional happy hour.  A google search turned up Hula's in downtown Phoenix, so we decided to try it out.  We have been back many times since that first visit, and have always enjoyed it.  The Mai Tais are great, the coconut shrinp roll appetizer is my personal favorite, and I have yet to order anything from the food menu that I have not liked.We enjoy the kitschy mid century tiki atmosphere as well, and the old movies played quietly on the upper wall after dusk are kind if a kick.We were excited to see the Scottsdale location open up, and tried it out twice.  It's okay but does not have the vibe of the original in Downtown Phoenix, so we will continue to make the trek.Keep it up Hula's you have a great place and we will keep coming back!
5	I still love you Hula's... But us tiki people need new Hula's custom mugs, Hula's swizzle sticks and more garnishes on your drinks (Mai tai with mint)...With the word tiki in your name this shouldn't be a surprise. Since this is the only Tiki bar in Phoenix please consider my hopeful requests:) we recently enjoyed a Tiki meet up during your Wednesday all night Happy Hour.  Your food is always amazing.... And you have the best happy hour!!
5	The food is absolutely amazing here.  Love the atmosphere and the drinks are the best! Try the Dr. Funk or Painkiller. Also one of my favorites for Sunday brunch, try the Hangover Hash, delicious!
3	Stopped in here one night for something different for dinner. It was a hip atmosphere and very social. The prices can be a bit intimidating at first and makes you question what you actually get, especially if its your first time. However, after watching plates come out from the kitchen we noticed the portions were fairly decent.Flavors were great, service was good, drink prices were decent, its worth a stop for something different. The Pork Sandwich is fantastic!
4	Crispy coconut shrimp rolls:Yum! This consists of 2 rolls, each cut in half. These arrived very hot, temperature-wise, fresh out of the fryer. The shrimp and vegetables(?) in the rolls were savory and delicious. There was a nice blend of textures, with a nice crunch from the roll. The cool pineapple-horseradish dipping sauce was slightly sweet and served as a great complement to the savory warm shrimp roll. I would definitely want to try this again!Hurricane:This drink was strong! As someone who doesn't drink frequently, I was done after this one drink. Lightweights, beware! The drink tasted a bit too strong for me, so I probably wouldn't order this again.
5	Wow! Talk about quality! Had a party of 6 and everything was awesome. And the pork sandwich was just ugh.... freaking good. Defiantly coming here again
4	Being familiar with the 90's tiki bar trend of tired, low-grade pseudo-Polynesian food, coupled with overpowered rum drinks, I approached the family's suggestion to try Hula's with some hesitation.  Much to my surprise, Hula's is quite different than the prior-century icon.In a warm and inviting Old Town storefront, Hula's dim lighting, ample space and large central bar immediately brought to mind a comfortable dining and drinking environment.  Jazmine, our waitress, was patient, quite informative and quick to deliver our order.We ordered a shared portion of the whitefish cerviche appetizer, and it was good.  The marinating of the fish in lime juice appeared to have been rushed, as neither fully tenderized fish nor a fully developed flavor profile were the result.  Next, we each ordered entrees and generously sampled from each plate.The macadamia-crusted ahi, served medium rare, was very good.  A large cut of quality ahi in a nicely seasoned crust preserved the subtle balance of flavors between the two.  The luau-style pulled pork was tasty, if a bit sweet for my tastes.  Laced with a small dice of pineapple and pineapple juice, it remained satisfying none the less.  A scoop of jasmine rice helped to balance the flavors.  The star of the evening, however, was our older son's jerk pork.  Shredded, with a pleasant heat and light curry flavor, the dish was identifiable from its Caribbean origins, yet uniquely Hawaiian.Portions are very large, and quite fortunately, the food was delicious enough to make this "a good thing."Hula's Modern Tiki is a clever concept which, as the crowded dining room will attest, serves very good food.  Dinner for the four of us, pre-tip, was $75.50, making Hula's an outstanding value as well.
4	Have not tried their food yet, but had a drink with some friends and I absolutely adore the atmosphere and great service!
4	This place is cool,  relaxed atmosphere, amazing drink menu . Really wonderful  place to spend the evening.
4	First time here. I decided to grab something to eat since my business partner was running a little late. We had an event to attend on the opposite side of the street. The service and food was really good. I had the Baja tacos. The order had taken longer than what I would have thought since I was the only one at my table. Outside of that plenty of food for one person. The only downside is my limes were dried out and not enough salsa. Outside of that I would definitely return.
5	Absolutely love this place. Used to be my Sunday spot. Great rum drinks, the bowls are amazing and the shrimp app is to die for
1	Good god, after two trips I can say there is maybe two things on the menu if we were to return i would order. One is an appetizer and the other is a side.  The ahi poke salad and the plantain bananas.  Everything else I have tried as far as the bowls go were absolutely gross in my opinion. I couldn't even stomach the ahi bowl and I LOVE ahi! So i pushed aside my bowl not wanting to tell our waiter i was absolutely disgusted with it since i think thats just rude to say that and omg my poor sister who is a vegetarian wasn't very hungry ordered a side of mac and cheese and said it was the WORST mac and cheese she has ever ate.  I would have easily said something to the waiters about her food since shes my baby sister and as skinny as they come i would tell her to stop playing with it and to let me say something but she just picked up maybe a noodle every  5 min and put it back down.  I would have thought the waiter would have picked up on our lack of interest in our food with completely full bowls but obviously no S**t's were given.  Nice to know hula Nice to know.
1	Don't come here if you are an ASU fan. Apparently, other games are more important. Way to cater to your neighborhood.
4	Best poke in town. Although probably the only poke. Seriously, I recently had poke in Kauai at a top 100 yelp restaurant and this  actually compares favorably. It needs a touch less soy sauce though, and macadamia nuts not in any poke in Hawaii.ADDENDUMOwner sent me a kool email.  It is nice to know they care!
5	We've gone many times for Happy Hour.  Excellent drinks, get at least one Maitai.  Nice styling with the fish.  A great atmosphere and a nice outside patio.
4	My wife and I went to Hula's this past Monday night looking for something a little more authentic than you average corporate fare (i.e. Outback, Famous Dave's, etc.). We absolutely loved the place. The atmosphere was charming without being cheeky and the food was delicious. Absolutely have the shrimp coconut rolls as an appetizer. Great stuff. I liked the fact that the slaw was more of a vinegar based slaw it complimented the ribs that I had quite well. My wife had the jerk style pork with the fried plantains, also very good. Portion sizes were good and the wait staff was excellent. Great place to take a date for something other than your standard fare.
4	Very enjoyable atmosphere and staff. Had the ribs with very good sauce while not swamped on it. Great taste and seasoning. Beans and rice where pretty decent will go back in the future. The muay Thais are great with just the right combination
5	Great food !!!! We had super fast service ! :))) I would definitely recommended !!!! I had some chicken bowl that was recommended by the server .... It was delicious!!!
5	Feels like my home away from home.  They always make me feel welcomed at the bar... Thanks Keith, Jarrod and Christine :) shout out to Bailey and AndrewYou must try the edammame (sp?) and the poke!!
2	I had the steak and added shiitake mushrooms and they already cut the steak in pieces with the mushrooms.  There was fat mixed in so it was sometimes gross, because it is a little dark inside the restaurant where you could not really see what you were getting.  It came with mash potatoes that tasted instant with a taste of horseradish.  My coleslaw was warm and did not taste that good either, server was nice but food was no good.
4	We really like the atmosphere here! My Hangover Hash was top notch but my wife's spicy tofu tacos were extremely bland and she didn't eat half of it. The service was top notch as well! FYI their fries are awesome!
3	Hula's Modern Tiki restaurant is one of those hip destination spots in Central Phoenix, easily accessible and plenty of parking. The buzz just hits you when you enter Hula's, lots of drinking and laughing.I met up with some other folks for dinner one night. I had the Duke's Luau Pork Plate for $14. It was nothing special and rather disappointing. The others in my party had fish. I tried someone's fish and didn't care for it. So the food for me was just no 'Ono.This place is probably meant to be more of a drinking place. I would skip the food next time I'm here and just drink heavily.
5	I went in there expecting not to like it but ended up loving it the food was exceptional I had the veggie burger and it was one of the best I've had in town the painkiller drink it was delicious quite sugary but they really are so there's was good and the Decor was pleasant was very friendly and helpful I will definitely be back
5	Coming here with a few friends after a long week is more than relaxing. I'm not originally from AZ so Friday night crowd here is more like a nice lounge with great food. The drinks are great. The crowd is always laid back just having a good time. The staff is always very helpful. I occasionally have take out here as well and after a while the staff remembers you and have your food ready when you arrive. Friendly faces, cool atmosphere, mixed crowd, all calls for a great happy hour.
4	Good food, good cocktails! Try the pineapple wine too... amazing! Service was friendly and we were allowed to loiter long after our meal was finished without feeling rushed. Great place for happy hour or a casual meal after work or on the weekend. I was impressed!
5	Outside of Hawaii, they make the best Mai Tai's ever. We had 4 each and after that I don't remember much at all.
5	I've been here a few times for dinner. Great atmosphere with the indoor/outdoor space. I usually order something with ahi tuna because it is sooo good. I've also tried their pulled pork, which is equally as tasty. Drinks are strong!
4	Outdoor seating is a big selling point here.  Sit out on central and watch the cars, light rail, and people go by.Cocktails are solid and Caribbean themed with Happy Hour all day Wednesday is pretty good.  Mimosas are pretty cheap on weekend mornings.Food is solid although not spectacular.  I do like the fact you can get things here that are you obviously wouldn't find at other restaurants such as plantains, johnny cakes, etc.  Portions are quite filling.Bring your friends, relax, laugh, and pretend the closest large body of water isn't actually miles from here.
5	This place is amazing!! The service is great. I come here for a drink almost every night because this place is that wonderful. The servers like Christine, Keith, & Charlie are spot on & have my regular drink prepared as soon as I sit down. All of the bartenders thus far have been so skilled, friendly, & attentive. Manager Kyle actually works with his staff & is very involved in making sure patrons are treated like privileged guests. I would highly recommend this restaurant/bar to anyone who wants amazing bar service & a personalized fun experience. I feel like this place is the modern day Hawaiian version of Cheers!
4	I moved to phoenix from oahu hawaii and heard great things about this place. They had Hinano on tap which reminded me of home. The coconut shrimp rolls were ono. The sashimi and poke were also good. Except the sashimi was not properly cut and the presentation could have been better. I had the Bali hai mango ribs which were very very good. The coleslaw needs some work and the sweet potato fries were broke da mouth good. The service was good and friendly. Definatly comming back for another visit
4	I enjoyed a local brew and fantastic fish ceviche followed by shrimp and chicken taco. The food was fresh and well presented. The bar staff was very friendly and engaging and gave me advice on the best bar to watch a football game . The decor speaks Hawaiian complemented by text mex flavours on the menu. The outdoor dining area is large and open to the bar. I liked it and would definitely go back.
5	So happy there's a 2nd location in Scottsdale. Luv the drinks! Fun atmosphere! Luv the vegan options!
3	I was not overly impressed. I ordered the pork, egg, and hash meal. The pork was actually really delicious, and you can not mess up an egg. The hash is where it lacked for me. It was very dry and not flavorful. The service was great, and our waitress was very friendly. Probably would not come back, but worth a shot if you are near by.
5	The ambience is casual yet modern. The service is excellent, attentive but not overwhelming. The poke is as good as tasted in Maui. The lobster bisque is seasoned perfectly with a hint of spice. The fish was prepared just right and the kalbi ribs were delish! The rice, macaroni salad, and slaw were perfect compliments. The Mai Tai was strong and tasty. Will be back for sure!
4	Yes, this place. Just yes.This place is awesome, and I don't even like rum. Their fries, beans, and food are all delicious, original and very reasonably priced.  I like to go places and cobble meals out of appetizers, which you can definitely do at this place, but the entrees are also very yum. Just eat everything.The layout is nice and spacious, and they have a lovely patio. I used to frequent this spot when I worked in the area, and now I go because I just plain like the place. Catch a show across the street at the Torch!
5	The website did not do this place justice! This was our first monthly foodie adventure for a handful of us who work at the same company and our significant others and friends. All of the drinks, appetizers, entrees and desserts were creative and delicious! Specifically, the Painkiller cocktail was simply perfection; not too sweet with a cinnamon rim. The ceviche appetizer was to die for with a meaty yet tender fish in a well-balanced marinade. There was a tie between the pork plate with tender and savory pulled pork, and the wasabi ahi with large tender pieces of ahi, sweet peas cooked to perfection and mashed potatoes that didn't miss a beat. And for dessert, the coconut pie which won hands down for the entire group as the best coconut pie ever. Can't wait to return! Will check out the patio seating by the fire pit
4	The tuna poke is great. Unfortunately it's a dinner item so sometimes they don't have it for lunch.
5	Do not go to this place...without me!!! Food great service was so fast I couldn't believe it . The waiter was very knowledgeable.. its a hipster crowd a little different but a great  environment.I want to go back really soon.!!
5	Had such a great experience here during their late night happy hour! Got waited on by Bailey who was awesome in every way possible! I had their ahi app which was so perfect, the portions were larger then expected, and on top of that the ceviche, pork tacos, fries, and drinks that we ordered were fast and tasty! My guy and I both had rough days at work and this place per usual made it better!
3	I took my boyfriend here for his birthday in mid october. We had been wanting to try this place forever so we decided to make this dream into a reality. Sadly, it did not live up to my expectations.Environment- I would give an A. First  I will say it is beautifully laid out! It was around 8pm on a Saturday night, so there were tons of people having dinner over drinks with good company. The hostesses were really nice and I was expecting a pretty good night.Server- He was pleasant, he gave my boyfriend and I "space" which was nice BUT it was annoying having to track him down for refills and changes to our order. Like I said, he was nice but could have been more attentive Food- Nothing special at all. For appatizers we did fish cakes and potstickers which had tons of flavor.  I also ordered a side of plantains, unfortunately they were still frozen when I bit into them so I sent them back.  I ordered tacos and my boyfriend ordered jawaiian jerk chicken plate, we both agreed our food was bland and mediocre at best. Because it was his birthday I also ordered him a warm brownie which was on the dry and hard side.Overall, the environment is great but the service and food left something to be desired. I would only return for maybe drinks during  happy hour at the bar.DINNER TOTAL: $54.15
4	I was at Hula for late night drinks on a Saturday. I had the Zombie, and it was delicious. I can't speak much to the quality of the food, but the menu was intriguing. I was satisfied and it was a lovely spot to end a restaurant/bar crawl.
4	We order takeout at least once a week. Everything is delicious, even when the revolving takeout/host staff get it wrong (which is 98% of the time). The Fish Bites and Modern Tiki Fish Sandwich are my absolute favs., but whether they are served at lunch or not depends on who (again, takeout/host staff) you order from evidently. Atmosphere is fun! Never had a wrong order dining in.
