3	I made the classic mistake of getting really excited about visiting somewhere I'd passed however many times in the past and been curious about, because I do tend to get overly enthusiastic about anywhere that's kind of hidden away down a street, and seems exclusive to people in the know.That much is true about Star Bar, because you have to wander pretty deep into the new town to find it. There's definitely not a chance of just stumbling upon the bar randomly if you're roaming the main hostelries on George Street and surrounding roads. The pub/bar looks like a very inviting little place indeed from the outside, kind of like a twinkling golden light in a sea of residential darkness, the north star which leads the way to boozing goodness and all that jazz. It is pretty cool inside, with its green padded seating and upper level feeling a bit like someone's sprawling living room. I was in here on a Friday night, and the whole experience was somewhat like being at someone's house party, a vibe I quite like because it felt very chilled, and like you could perch anywhere, and the high student population in here added to the very relaxed drinking feel too.I did enjoy having a few in Star Bar, and there wasn't anything present to offend me whatsoever, I think I just got my expectation levels a bit overexcited for my first visit. I think a return evaluation is needed, which could perhaps involve a visit to the beer garden if the weather continues to be sunny, or a trip to see one of the live acts that play here.
3	Cute little bar hidden away in the new town, I was brought here by some locals on a recent visit. There's a nice atmosphere in this small bar and the beer garden out back looks like it would be great in the summer. However there's a very limited selection of cider and it was way too hot. We had to leave after 2 because we felt like we were melting.
3	Like Cheryl C, I passed by this hole in the wall so many times and became increasingly excited about visiting.We finally had a chance to stop in for a pint last Friday after a loooong week at work.  We walked in to discover a very bustling place with a reasonably friendly vibe.  We were able to snag a small table to the side where we were able to enjoy our pints and do a bit of people watching.  I get the impression that this could be a good place to come, especially to enjoy the beer garden on a sunny day, but I think it was a bit more than we were looking for on Friday.  I'm going to sound like a total old person but it was just a bit too loud for what we wanted at the time, and I really do think that I built it up a bit too much in my head to properly enjoy it for what it was.  I would happily come back here for some sun, but I think it's just not quite my style for an after work pint.
4	Hidden away and off the beaten track in a residential area the Star Bar is an altogether pleasant surprise. The place has a relaxed atmosphere and appears to attract artists, students and rockers. It has 2 jukeboxes which take turns at playing a variety of tunes, add to this the classic 8bit arcade machine and table football and what is not to like!While a relatively small bar it has some real ale and enough range in the spirits to keep most people happy. There is also a fair sized patio at the back which is ideal for the warmer weather to sit outside and have a chat. All in all I like the place, so when you get bored by George Street, why not take a wander you may be surprised by what you can find fairly close by.
4	I really like this bar. I love that it's hidden away so you wouldn't know about it unless someone tells you about it or you randomly wander past it! It's a small chilled out bar with a beer garden (that I haven't had seen yet as I always seem to go in winter time) which Edinburgh doesn't seem to have many of. It's nothing fancy, just a relaxed bar that's unpretentious. I must make another visit to check out the beer garden when that Edinburgh summer finally arrives!
