5	Cheap gas, clean restrooms and safe area.  I would visit this location again if I'm in need of gas.
5	With crazy awesome customer service here, how am I the first to write a review?Gas station employees who are actually HAPPY?  It happens.  Come here.  EVERY time I come in I'm greeted and when I check out they actually seem genuinely upbeat.The sodas are my main weakness here.  79 cents and you get a massive Polar Pop soda (~44 ounces?) that you can add nice little vitamin shots to.  I like to do Diet Mountain Dew + Ginseng to kick off my day.Gas prices usually aren't bad, and access is pretty good to this location.  Plus, I think it's the only Circle K on this side of town.  Woo!
5	I cannot give this place enough praise. This is by far the cleanest and most friendly Circle K anyone will ever visit. The coffee bar and soda stand are always immaculate. My two favorite employees, Casey and Rosa, always make sure that I leave with a smile on my face.Usually we stop at a gas station for a quick fill and a soda. The staff here makes sure ALL customers are happy and taken care of. Much props to this Circle K!
1	This place is managed by a manager with missing teeth that loves to argue with her customers. This place charges 5 cents more than their advertised priced for their gas if you use debit or credit. The manager also doesn't understand what the difference between credit and debit is. The store smells like a unflushed toilet at most times and there is some weird crack headed looking dudes selling something or hanging out by the Redbox all day, its annoying because my wife can't go to the Redbox and rent movies down the street because she gets in the way of some weird hangout there. I mean who goes to a store that has weird crack headed looking dudes hanging out during the day,the store smells like a toilet, and the prices advertised are misleading? I was until I met the manager and then it all made sense and I won't even get my water or Redbox from the outside vending machines there anymore. This store has a systemic problem that starts with management.
