1	This Target is the absolute worst.  The police are always there because something is always stolen.  For some reason, you can't find your way around this store.  DVD cases are usually empty, you want to check before you buy something.  Because of the high stealth, the prices are triple the prices you will find at other Target stores.  Clothing is always all over the floor and there is terrible customer service...It is also hell to get a parking spot here.
3	This is an older Target in a very busy, over-developed part of Henderson. It's crazy busy location alone is enough to take a star off. The store inside looks worn down and usually is pretty busy. Never really had a problem with too big of a line up front. The store is always clean and fairly bright. They do have a Pizza Hut Express at the front door, so I'll give them credit for that. I personally would rather go to one of the newer Target stores both really close by this one, both with a wider grocery selection and Starbucks. If at all possible, I suggest to go to the Lake Mead Parkway or Green Valley Parkway locations, those are much nicer, I promise ;-)
4	This Target isn't so bad. It isn't a Super Target, but everything inside is clean and tidy. Maybe because I was there at 9am but whatever. I went to go grab some black dress pants I needed that day and they had a huge selection at reasonable prices. They even had the kind I wanted on the clearance rack! Double bonus. I walked out with exactly what I needed. I have to complain about the fact that they don't carry the Panda cookies that are BOMB anymore. =( But overall this Target has everything you need, and is usually busy so go early in the morning. They open at 8!
3	This target is a little "rough around the edges" it reminds me of the Kmarts back home. A little messy, dark, somewhat depressing. It's fine if you need to pick something up in a hurry but if you have the time I would go to one of the other locations.
3	I will admit, this isn't exactly the greatest Target ever.  I just like Target in general.This location is so-so.  I've had decent customer service at times, while at other times I've had to literally beg for someone to help me.  One day recently, I was looking at patio furniture.  I pushed the "call for Target team member" button in the department, only to be left standing for over five minutes waiting for someone to respond.  Oh, and I used to work at Target.  I know someone is supposed to repond within sixty seconds or the walkie-talkies yell at you... so it's not like they could pretend that they didn't notice.Where this location earns its stars is in the fact that I actually think it has gotten better since I moved here.  There used to be stuff all over the floor and lots of things shoved in completely random, wrong places.  It's not quite as bad these days.
2	This is probably the worst Target I have been in. They are always out of stuff and the place is pretty dirty. The people who work here are nice enough but the place is always so picked over! I hate that the women's section is mashed up with the pregnant lady clothes and the shoe department is always a mess. I much prefer the Lake Mead location.
3	Pinterest is a devilish invention. Instead of buying the basics of my wardrobe finished, I am creating my own personal items now. Target is my go to place for items to spruce up, but this one tends to not have the best selections or clearance deals. I will still come to the Sunset location to browse, but it is not my first choice.
4	Target is not always the cheapest, but generally I am a fan of Target.  This Target is the only place near me that I can purchase the nighttime diapers for my daughter.  GREAT!!!! selection of school supplies on the cheap!  July is really the month to hit up the store for the supplies that you kids need.  Good selection of discount kids shoes.
2	Not my favorite Las Vegas Target. This location is close to other shopping so I always think I'll just run in, get what I need and get out. The only problem is 75% of the time this Target is out of the things I seem to need. The shelves look well stocked but take a closer look and see HOW they are stocked. For example I needed an iron this weekend. They had all sorts of $10 ones but none of the $24 ones that had the features I wanted. I asked an employee to check inventory and was told we have 7 of them and the computer says they're supposed to be right here. Well unless my lack of caffeine is affecting my eyes I don't see those 7 irons. This process can be repeated all over the store with many different items. And that's if your as lucky as I was to find an employee to help you. In short, your best bet is to pick another target to shop at because your shopping cart will be missing a few items you went in to buy when you leave here.
4	This is a decent target. Its clean, they have a snack bar, and though its a tad bit smaller than the one on lake mead, Its close to the mall and in a central location, which is why i like it. There are your usual departments, with the usual stuff. Target in general is more expensive than Walmart, but there are often seasonal sales. Theres one going on right now. Lots of stuff marked down, and with the markdowns, its actually CHEAPER than walmart. Example: toy story sheet sets for $20.  Usually $30. Also the halloween stuff is out, and there are lots of cheap goodies for the guys & ghouls ;).
4	Not my favorite Target. The one on Lake Mead is just so much better--new baskets, it's never crowded, and the people there are so friendly! Plus this one just has a Pizza Hut Express, no Sbux. Sad! This one is a teensy bit bigger than the one on LM, but not by much. It's nice that it's convenient to the Sunset Mall, too. Let's face it, I'm a Target junkie, and will love it until its dying day. Don't worry, I just knocked on wood so that I didn't curse Target and make it go out of business.
3	I ended up here on a find deals whim with some Yelpies after dinner. I needed to get some Christmas shopping done and clothes for myself so off we went.This one isn't as organized as others I go to on the other side of town. A lot of the clearance had signs for how much off but the tags were less of a discount than marked on the sign. It happened several occasions and sometimes there's things I'm willing to buy only when it hits a certain price that makes it worth it. I didn't find too many deals on things like I hoped. *womp, womp*
2	As far as Targets go in Las Vegas this particular store in Henderson is on the "meh" side. I even prefer the Target on Maryland Parkway close to the Strip and UNLV over this location.The cons - I feel as though the food section is lacking here. It's quite small and does not offer as many Target-brand food items as other locations. The store also often is disorganized and lacking merchandise. I especially feel as though other Targets have a larger selection of Junior/Misses clothing. The pros - It's a Target located conveniently near many other places I often shop such as the Galleria Mall. Overall - 2 stars. Better Targets reside elsewhere in the valley, but this one will do in a pinch.
2	This is the worst Target. I try to always go to the one on Green Valley. But this location is so close to work I find myself running here on my lunch hour. Even though the store does not seem busy there always is a line. Every aisle I went down today was filled with carts as they restocked I would have to back up and try another aisle. No offer to move just completely ignore me do we need 4 carts/pallets down an aisle can't we just fill one at at time. The cashier seemed totally annoyed to ring me up. She literally signed 8 times I had 4 bags it was 60 bucks not a huge order. Last time I am coming here I literally get annoyed every time. I will just go out of my way to hit green valley it's clean and everyone seems happy to be working and some idea of customer service.
4	I like Target for a number of reasons, but mostly for the lack of long lines. If they had a Super Target closer to my home, and the prices were slightly more competitive with Walmart, I'd forget all about shopping at Walmart at all.
3	OK, of all the suburban lifestyle strip malls, I must admit my guilty pleasure is Target.  They are generally well planned, clean, organized, fully stocked and with very good help. Of all the Target's in the Henderson area, this is my least favorite one however.a.  Employees and Vendors -  2 Star - They seem to all gather  outside the entrance smoking in the smoking zone. Unfortunately, the slight wind on a very hot day pushed the stale odor of smoke to the entrance. Not an exciting first impression.  Inside, I find the lines kinda long, with little reaction to the lines getting longer. Normally they add cashiers immediately.b.  The food area - 2 star-  I do like to grab a drink here now and then and unfortunately, the area where sodas are dispensed is very unkempt.c.  Location and Parking - 5 star - Tons of parking in a busy strip mall and the location on Sunset and Stephanie is perfect. Near to everything when you are "in the area" and you can even stop over at Rita's Ice when you are done.d.  Selection - 3 star - I was looking for gifts for a toddler and many sizes in clothing were out. Perhaps I was there at the wrong time. Then we decided on toys and many of these were either out, misplaced or some demo's not working. I think the demo not working caused us to not buy the product. I think product placement and demos working is key and this will help sales.e.  Other notes - They do have the electronic trade in facility in the electronics section and this is nice. The hours are not known to me, and it is generally separate of the normal target cashier.  When you ask a Target employee where the trade in person is, they sometimes know but usually don't. I think it is a vendor working it.GK says, not a bad target, but there are better ones in driving distance....
5	Usually my favorite Target ( and I love Target) this one is currently under construction and things are very hard to find. But just the same I love Target.
4	This location is the road less traveled for me. It has been at least 3 years since I've been here. I was in the neighborhood and didn't feel like dealing with Walmartians and driving to the Green Valley Parkway location, so I stepped in.Once I walked in the door, there was a stench that smelled like dirty, athlete's foot fungus. Whoa! I was certain it would be my last visit. Once I got into the heart of the store, the stench disappeared and I felt right at home. I love Target!The selection was the same as my other stops and I found myself not wanting to leave or miss a single aisle, as typical when I shop Target. And they had an awesome selection of groceries here. Picked up some bananas and vegetarian selections I hadn't even seen at Whole Foods.Overall, after you get past the smell of the entrance and the location, you feel right at home as with any Target. I'll be back.
4	I go to this Target quite a bit and it's always clean with friendly employees.  Not much in the way of electronics but I can always find what I came to get.  Way more selections than the surrounding stores for Dunkin Donuts coffee.  I went to quite a few Wal-mart Super Centers and Neighorhood Markets looking for the "seasonal" Dunkin Donuts Coffee and couldn't find but one or two flavors.  Target had at least 8 different flavors (flavors that I couldn't even order on line from D&D themselves)  & for a few $ less.  Never thought I would find my coffee there!  Nice surprise.  Thanks, Target!!!
2	I am a huge Target fan but this one needs a bit of help.  I live near another Target so this is not my "home" one.  I am like any other shopper, I go in for 1 item and come out with 5-10.  The store never seems to be cleaned nor fully stocked. A few examples, I have gone to try on clothing and there is always carts and carts of items to be put away.  Looking through the racks it always looks like a teenagers closet i.e. everything on the floor. In the aisles, they seem to only have 1 or 2 of each item out and trying to find someone to help you with an inquiry of "Is there more in the back?" is near impossible and then the employees make it seem like a huge issue. They seem to be lacking check out clerks as well.  I am perfectly OK with waiting in line for check out but when you have 8 people deep in the two lanes that are open you would think the floor manager would say "hey, we need more cashiers". Why do I keep going back? There are times you can find amazing deals and items. When you get used to the mess you just learn to work around it.
3	Service and selection always good here except today looking for chanakah decor they let me down. Last year there was some  chanakah stuff. Maybe to late in the year, gotta go in November.
3	Boy does this store needs some TLC.  You walk in and first thing I see is the worn out dirty, sticky carpet in the shopping cart area that looks like it hasn't been changed or cleaned in forever. And speaking of keeping house, it's just overall messy here. Lot's of merchandise out of place and what not.  It just makes it more difficult to find items when they are out of place. I sometime wont even bother and just pass up looking at the section or aisle.  I get that too, some customers are slobs, but there are not enough "team members" on the floor to keep picking up after customers.There are not enough registers open either when you go to checkout.  Other than those issues, everything merchandise wise is the same as all their other department stores, but this store is the least one I shop at unless Im in the area.
2	Visited this store to attempt to buy a cell phone after viewing an ad for the same phone at Best Buy. Target price was $250 instead of $230. I pointed this out to the sales rep who shrugged (a better store would have offered to match the price, and gotten the sale). I left to visit the Best Buy, on my way out I browsed through the grocery section. Apparently whoever sets the prices for Target has no clue that customers visit other stores and know what stuff costs. For example a can of dog food that costs 75c at Wal-Mart costs 99c here (25% more). Their human-consumption foods are similarly astronomically priced, higher than Smith's, higher even than Albertson's. And this in a store that's only a few blocks from WinCo Foods.
2	I really hate this location but it's the closest to my house. I enjoy hearing staff members talk about how many people they "hooked up with" while I shop for food. That's so awesome. People are usually standing around and chit chatting while lines form endlessly. They rarely have more than 2 registers open. This place blows.
1	I hate this store. I never thought that I could say this about a Target. Everytime I have been here, the police are Here. So frequent, that by the handicapped parking is specific parking for law enforcement only.The store is really picked over, with no star bucks, petite baskets, and a lot of un happy looking employees.Something about this store just feels dirty to me..and the feeling carries on to the parking lot. Baskets everywhere, trash, it really needs some TLC.
1	This use to be my favorite store what happend!!! They are out of a lot of items this so called manager Mike or Mark that looks over the housewares area is a jerk and treats people like crap in front of other customers its horrible.  Thank goodness they opened one up on lead mead it is a beautiful clean store with a starbucks (YES) and friendly staff.
3	I usually like Target. But just implode this location and start over again. I didn't know a Target could look this run down and be so disorganized. Inside the store looks 100 years old. Lots of sections in disarray. And why are there so many registers if only 2 or 3 of them are going to be open at certain times? It pains me to wait in line so long when there are so many unused check stands. I'd go out of my way to go to the Green Valley location but luckily they are equidistant from my house. I'd give fewer stars but I actually like lots of the merchandise and prices at Target in general.
3	I have no complaints, other than the prices are higher than other places. The location is convenient and the cashiers are always friendly.  I was reading other reviews about the cleanliness of the store, and it's strange because I've lived here a month now and haven't had any of those experiences.
5	This is by far my favorite target location. One day I was in there and lost my keys, the staff helped me look for them for over half an hour and finally found them in the parking lot. They were so helpful and patient. So great to see awesome customer service!
2	I was in the area and needed to stop in for a quick shop.  This location is just ok.  It's located at the busy intersection of Sunset and Stephanie.  It's usually a hassle getting in and out of the parking lot.  The store itself has an older feel and could probably use some updating.  As far as service goes, it's not the friendliest of places.  I passed one employee blocking the aisle as she was chatting with her friends who stopped in the store.  I don't think this is part of the acceptable employee guidelines.  This Target location is ok for some minor shopping here and there.  I hope they can make improvements in the near future.
3	Not the best Target I've seen..Definitely needs some fixing up or updating! Unorganized, empty on the shelves and I didn't see many employees walking around wanting to help people. Lots of beat up, broken boxes of the items they have! A lot of misplaced things everywhere! Also I noticed that the shelves are a little filthy, as in dusty and dirt-y! I like Target but this location just doesn't seem as nice as the others!
1	So I just called to ask a simple question and I get hung up on by the operator... I guess my question wasn't good enough to respond.
