3	I like the interior and the ambiance.  The staff are very nice... and I like that they offer nutritional consults, chiropractic, acupuncture (which is measured by computer! Kinda cool actually) and massage.The problem that I have is that when I have an appointment at 5:30 for acupuncture, I want to be in by 5:45. Not 6:30.  Seriously, I almost walked out.
5	I used to visit this place many years ago when I lived in town. Dr. Robert and his wife are such awesome people, who care about you not only as an individual, but about your health and well being. The roller tables are quite relaxing, and included in the treatment. The receptionist (I forgot her name /: ) was always warm and welcoming, greeting me on a first name basis and building a friendly relationship with me. I very am excited to visit them tomorrow!The doctors here were always generous and helped me out financially, as I was a poor student with back issues. They did this on merit, with the hopes  that I will be able to come back in the future and support their business. I will DEFINITELY be back and will pay extra to make up for all of their generosity. Please do not dismiss this fine establishment just because another reviewer was upset. You should totally give them a crack!! (haha get it? a crack... cause they crack your back... ) :D
5	As a fellow chiropractor, I hold my peers to high standards of skill, technique, and knowledge. I highly, without any reservations, recommend Dr. Rebecca Kleckner who has all that plus a compassionate heart. I was looking for a chiropractor specifically trained in Webster Technique & lots of experience working with pregnant mothers to treat me while pregnant, because I knew of the importance of a well balanced pelvis and uterus. She has significantly assisted me with the alignment I know I needed as well as my baby.  I consider my visits with Dr Becky essential, as we want to welcome our first child into this world via a natural delivery. With an amazing chiropractor, midwife, and doula on our birth team, we feel prepared that we are doing everything we can to make this birth the best experience possible for me and the baby!
5	Love this place! Beautiful, comfortable, and professional. Dr. Robert is an amazing practitioner. Extremely knowledgeable in all aspects of health and wellness. His adjustments are gentle and effective. I recommend this awesome wellness center to anyone looking for quality holistic care.
