5	This is my favorite place to get my toes done at- I've been going here for YEARS.  The girls who work there are sooo sweet and nice!  Aside from great service, I go here because I'm a picky perfectionist and I can count on these ladies to consistently do it right.  I like a french pedicure and the white is always just right- never to thick or too thin- and their polish LASTS for a long time.  I can easily go a month without it chipping off.  I also love the cute, classy designs they can paint on my toes and the little gems they stick on too- which also last forever.  It's not expensive either and I've had better pedicures here than at some of the super high priced salons on the strip!
1	What a waste of my last day of vacation. The lady doing my pedicure didn't cut my cuticles and when I asked her to, she did it dry so my skin was rough. Then when I asked her to make sure that the bottom was smooth, she said she did enough. She calls someone else over who says that they don't take off too much skin or my feet will bleed...my feet get done regularly, by the way. Yes, my feet will probably bleed from the brutal cuticle cutting I received. Guess I'll be getting another pedicure when I get home. Can't believe this place actually has good reviews.
4	I've been here a couple of times. It's pretty convenient as there's a Starbucks in the same center so then you can get your 'bucks and come in for a mani and a pedi.  I've always had Asia as my go to lady when I come here. The conversation just flows with her and she's pretty cool and easy to talk to. I've only gotten pedis from here, but she does a great job with the feet massage. Being pregnant right now means that I love having my very swollen piggies massaged. It's about $30 bucks for a pedi with a french. I definitely left here with smooth feet, pretty toes and happy feet.
5	I love Serenity Nail and Spa!  I have been going here for  over 6 years - ever since they rescued my daughter's cross-country toes for Homecoming!  The Spa is super clean and decorated beautifully.  The service is top notch!  I love my Gelish manicures.  i work with paper so my cuticles are a mess.  My nails always look great.  My french pedicures are always perfect.   Li does my lashes as well.  They look so natural, I always get compliments.  I have so much fun every time I am there.  You will not be disappointed!
5	Love getting my nails done at Serenity! Nice staff and good service. They have a TON of gel colors to choose from including Gelish, Shellac and Rockstar. I love having the variety to choose from and not be limited on the selection. Pricing is great and they do a great job.
4	I felt like I was in an Angela Johnson YouTube skit but the staff was extremely friendly and accommodating. I did get talked into the gel nails because I don't have a boyfriend and apparently gel nails will make that happen. There was some miscommunication on the price I thought I would be charged and what I ended up having to pay. It was a lengthy process as well but overall, I will definitely be back. She glitter-fied my nails. That's all that matters
1	Staff was incredibly rude. Disregarded our appointment for 3 scheduled pedicures. They were not busy but rushed us out. Will never go back nor recommend such poor service. Very disappointing when there are such other great & friendly businesses in that plaza.
1	I don't know why I'm here for the second time. The first time I got a toe infection because they used nasty unclean tools. And the comment about the comedian Angela Johnson is so true. I feel like I'm living her joke as I listen to the girls laugh and joke in  Vietnamese.
2	I was a customer here for 3 years and at first they seemed to do a great job, remembered my name and took good care of me. As I became more and more of a regular, my service started to suffer. My wait times doubled, they helped walk ins that came in AFTER I did. They started to rush me out of the salon and the quality of my nails started to suffer. My last few visits to the salon went like this: I had a 11am appointment. 3 walk ins were helped as I waited until past noon to be helped. I was rushed, and my nails looked like I did them myself. Seems as of they thought "she'll be back in 2 weeks, no worries"They lost my business. I will never go back
5	Serenity is so beautiful and so clean... The spa chair an table all new modern.....The technician are young and friendly, they do very good job....:)
5	I just done happy feet pedicure ( Nu Pedicure) today with Candy so amazing, it's make my feet so smooth and it has hot stone massage so relaxing. i love it.
5	Lee is great, I have receive a greatest & refresh anti aging facial from lee, very professional and I can buy the best product from nuskin right here too. But lately some how I don't see any product to buy anymore, wish you guy stock product back, I love truface ultra & foot sole solution for my friend and family all the time. Best place in town.I will refer a lot of friend and family here. Thank you lee!
5	This is my great place to get a nails done.  I love anyone there, they are super nice and do good job.
5	Awesome spot! Every service I've ever had here has been top notch. Specially Refreshing mask by Lee, The place is clean, inviting, friendly, and elegant enough to make you feel like you're not just in another corner nail salon... but casual enough so you feel like you can pop in wearing jeans and a pony tail and not be 'sized up' by the staff. Speaking of the staff, every gal/guy who has taken care of me has been kind, a good communicator, and generally pleasant. The owner is a wonderful man. I could go on. I have nothing bad to say about this spa. Prices are great. Gel nails last forever. Easy to get to (unlike spas in casinos). The list goes on...
4	I was a walk-in and was helped right away. Mani Pedi turned out really nice. Staff was nice but very quiet, which was fine with me since I wanted to relax and enjoy the massage chair during my pedi. I'll be back.
5	This salon is super clean and has a great atmosphere. The staff was very accommodating and friendy.
5	All the nail techs here do a great job.  The service is friendly and the facility is clean.  They are under new ownership, but the previous owner, Lee still does nails here.  It's $25 for a basic pedi, $35 for a gel mani, great prices for the quality of work.  I've been a regular here for a couple of years now.  Sandy, Lee and Dan are my favorite techs.  They also offer facials, waxing & eyelash extensions although I've never tried these services. The gel polish selection is huge and they are always rotating new & fresh colors.  The decor has changed with the new ownership to a more modern feel, nice chandeliers and very comfortable massage chairs!  I will for sure keep coming back!
1	I do not normally take time to speak negatively about my experiences. In this case, I will. I went to this place for the first time yesterday and it was the WORST mani pedi I've ever had. My girlfriend wanted to take me for a relaxing and therapeutic pedicure and manicure for my birthday. I had one technician at my feet and another technician came and plopped the nail dryer in my lap and proceeded to stand over me and give me a manicure. They were both rushing to get me finished so they could attend the 2 other people who came in after me. I had to turn off the massage chair because I could not concentrate on who wanted me to move my foot, move my hand, switching between fingers....It was the LEAST relaxing experience! Once I was finished, I looked down at my toes and the color was chunky and looked like my little brother painted them. I had to ask to change the color, it seemed the one I had originally picked was old but the technician used it anyway. (I couldn't see as he was doing them because the nail dryer was on a pillow on my lap) The woman who did my manicure unpleasantly removed and reprinted the color. Once finished I wanted to dry my toes under the dryer but it did not work. Time to pay and it was $98!!!!!!!!!! Needless to say, un-dry nails lead to several smudges and a uniting with my nail polish remover once I got home. Total waste of money.
5	So pleased with the kind hospitality. Off the bat was offered to join a rewards program which provides you points for every dollar you spend. A certain amount of points will entitle you to discounts.... I'll bite! Picked a Christmas color. Yay me!!! Feeling so much better. My two nail artists, Andy and Timmy are skilled at giving hand and foot massages...all in a days work... How often can a gal get spoiled with not one but two men servicing your hands and feet. TGIF Thank God I'm Fabu!
