5	Just had my first Russian Donut at Chez Boris today...and wow...it was incredible!!! I do not think I will ever eat a donut anywhere else ever again. I used to think it was an ok idea to eat donuts that had been sitting on a rack for indefinite amounts of time; not anymore - this place has changed my mind. Your donuts are fried right after you order them at Chez Boris, they are small, so you can order one or two or three depending on how much you want, and the crazy thing is that they are only 0.50 cents each. They come fresh out of the frier and get dusted in confectioner's sugar, so you get them just a tiny bit crispy, just the right amount of sweat, I didn't know what I was missing!! Apparently this is the way they are sold on street corners in Russia, and also the way they should always be everywhere. Plus there is a homemade Russian soft drink called Kavass that I'd never tried before which was very good - yeasty taste with a hint of sweetness, hard to describe, but definitely something I will order again. Ambiance is really chill. Boris is pretty much the coolest person ever. There is free wif, and the place is very open and spacious but homey at the same time, with plenty places to sit.Highly recommended!
5	This place just opened on Parc, and it already feels like home. It smells like fresh donuts and coffee, which is how I want every place to smell. The donuts are traditional Russian style, which makes them smaller and lighter than what you might be used to.  They are light and sweet, but not overwhelmingly so. They are made to order and fried in front of your eyes, which makes them super fresh. The coffee is fresh and supplied by 49th Parallel (a Vancouver-based roaster). I had a double-shot espresso with a thick crema and a sweet aftertaste, and I loved it. The atmosphere in here is also really welcoming. Floor to ceiling windows, the shiny blue floors, and fresh white walls give this place tons of natural light. It's the perfect place to meet friends or read a book, and there is even a huge bookcase of take-one-leave-one books and board games for patrons to enjoy. Almost all of the tables were up-cycled and renovations done by Boris and Grant themselves, two of the smilest guys on the planet.Come in for a quick coffee and donut, or stay and make friends. Either way, you'll love Chez Boris and all of its delights.
5	Excellent cafe! This is the first place where nothing is overcharged and has great quality. I would highly recommend it if you are around! (If not just hop into bus #80 and go there!)The stuff is extremely friendly, coffee can easily compete with Olympico.I'm not even talking about the fresh donuts! Try the cinnamon ones.All in all, if you are looking for good coffee and the best donuts in town this is the place to be.
5	Friendly service. Inexpensive. Great coffee and hot chocolate. Beignets are made to order and delicious.
4	Yummy donuts. They are made a la minute, so if you are ever in need of a warm, light and fresh donut you will never be let down. Only complaint I have is the cleanliness of the place; I live in the Mile-End so I like the antique and mismatched vibe however I don't like the idea of my food being handled by the same person who gives me back my change. Besides that it's a cute place and I will definitely be back when I need to satisfy my sweet tooth!
5	I was introduced to Chez Boris by my friend and I'm glad he did because it's one of the top cafes on my list. Great ambiance and space with delicious coffee and tasty snacks. Crowded on a weekend morning/afternoon but if you're willing to wait a bit it may be worth it. It's calmer on a week day afternoon/evening which makes for an excellent study/work place. Wifi is unlocked and reliable and the music blends in with the environment. Take a book, leave a book, walk in, check it out, order to go or sit for a while.
5	Holy crow I love it here, I love the donuts and I love the Boris. First let's talk about everything but the obvious: Friendly, bright mellow place with big windows on Parc Ave and comfy mismatched chairs and a lending library. Plays hosts to events for good causes, good conversations, even the occasional sing along. The coffee is outstanding - I'll take a lovely latte or shot of espresso when the mood strikes, but if I can get a truly good cup of filter coffee that's my poison of choice, and Boris uses the 49th parallel beans to make you an individual cup dripped fresh in front of your face and smelling and tasting like awesome. OK, now the donuts. These are made in front of you every time. Tiny hot little darlins served in a basket, not heavy or oily or too sweet. The not too sweet basic flavour is key to the magic things Boris does with these donuts, turning them into a base for innovations like donut poutine, donut au canard, donuts with cream cheese and smoked salmon, and more. Go try, check the chalk board, hang out and give the smiling gents behind the counter a high five.
4	Freshly Made to Order Donuts!They were just so delicious and just made my hike worth my while.Vanilla, Dark Chocolate and Sugar (@ 80 cents) were all so good. Warm and Fluffy, not too oily and not too sweet. Perfect with my coffee. I can eat a dozen myself no problem.. but I guess I shouldn't...Chez Boris has quite a laid back vibe. Free Wifi and of course a lot of people with laptops hanging out here for hours....
4	Quick hitter here. Woke up on Saturday morning with a strong desire to try something different on my way to the market so I decided to finally go try a place that has been on my radar all summer: Chez Boris.Chez Boris is in the Mile End district on Park Avenue between Laurier and Fairmount and their speciality is doughnuts. For 75 cents each, you can get amazing fresh made-to-order doughnuts coated in a variety of different options. For my first visit (and it certainly won't be the last...), I got 2 sugar, one cinnamon and one raspberry. Each was perfectly cooked with a nice crisp exterior and a light fluffy interior which is all that you can ask for in a perfect doughnut.So you're interested in something outside of the usual donut shop for a quick hit of sweet, give Chez Boris a shot. You won't be disappointed. Also, any place that uses a SNES as a card holder deserves your attention ;)Cheers!
5	Mmmmmmh good tasty really delicious fresh made to order and not too oily cute little donuts.Sugar, Cinnamon, Chocolate (dark) with good filter coffee...MMMMMHHHHH, the perfect combination. LOVE IT
5	This place is great. Apparently they serve Russian donuts, but all I know for sure is they serve Awesome donuts here.The coffee is good too, and the combination of caffeine and donut is hard to top. My favourite is the 'blueberry berliner'. It's not that fake blueberry stuff you get in EVERY OTHER BLUEBERRY DONUT YOU'VE EVER HAD - it's the real deal.The staff here are really cool too. It's a good place to come and chill and get some work done. Highly recommended if you're anywhere near by.
2	As someone who loves donuts, I have been on a mission to find some of the most delicious homemade donuts in Montreal and came across Chez Boris. After walking 3 km to get to Chez Boris, I was excited to try what I thought would be an unforgettable donut.Sadly, the freshly made cinnamon and sugar donuts they offer are forgettable. I've made better donuts at home, myself. The cafe filtre I had with my fresh donuts was a little disappointing.I brought some of the special flavors home to try for breakfast tomorrow (one flavor is double chocolate, the other is lime + juniper) simply because I took the trouble to walk  a half hour there and did not want to leave empty handed. When I tried them the next morning, the chocolate was okay, though the lime + juniper tasted like a gin and tonic, and it was not very moist; almost too dry to eat.If you're in the area, it's worth checking out once. However, Chez Boris does not make a 'destination donut' worth a special trip. I was disappointed that on my walk home, I was able to find incredible donuts for half the price of the Chez Boris specialty donuts at a small place called Boulangerie Patisserie Nouveau Samos on St. Laurent. It doesn't look special from the outside, but their donuts are amazing and not to mention huge!
5	I wanted my 100th Yelp review to be a good one and a good one it shall be!  After hearing so many positive things about Chez Boris I knew I had to go.  Normally I am not a fan of doughnuts but that's because when you normally only ever have them from Tim's (as I do) you have no idea what you're missing out on.   Chez Boris has changed the way I see doughnuts though.  What makes the experience even better?  The prices are very reasonable for the product you get.I ordered a latte and a cinnamon doughnut which was made fresh to order so it was piping hot.  It was sprinkled with cinnamon and sugar and tasted divine.  The exterior was nice and crispy and the interior was soft and chewy.  I think if I had opted for a half dozen or dozen to take home for the next few days they would have been gone in a heartbeat!  The latte was also pretty good.The staff are friendly and the service is good.  I'd highly recommend this place and I know I'll be back for sure.
4	I was just walking on the street when I saw this place. The name sounded pretty cool, so I decided to stop by. And I do not regret this, the staff is incredibly cool and the doughnuts are great. It's a great place to spend time in. You should totally go there.
5	I love this place! It's still not overly crowded as some cafes are in the area. Nice atmosphere and staff. They have a small games collection for you to play with friends. Also, the arcade game thing there makes my life.
4	Stopped by on our trek back from the bagel shop, and I am so glad we did!The shop clerk was super friendly, even with our indecisiveness. We ended up getting 6 donuts (1/2 sugar, 1/2 cinnamon) , a filtered coffee, and hot apple cider.The donuts were great , but the hot apple cider was awesome!! Seriously spiced, and almost creamy tasting. So. Delicious.
4	Amazing donuts with a grungy-cool coffee house vibe. Chez Boris was pretty empty when I arrived and I wasn't actually sure if donuts were available. Turns out, they make them to order, so soon I was all set with 6 assorted sugar and cinnamon donuts. Basically, I recommend the donuts! They're obviously super fresh: really hot, crispy on the outside and just the teeniest bit oily. If you're picturing heavy Dunkin-style donuts, think again: these are light and airy, a little smaller than palm-sized. My friend ate 3 of them, which is good because it's nice to share, but bad because I could have eaten all 6.I also got a chai latte which could have been a little stronger, and my friend got an egg sandwich which was a fried egg, some bacon, and cheese served in on top of a large donut with a smaller one on top. They have other small food options as well...or you could just get more donuts.
3	Full of studying students and hipsters in their native environment.  Doughnuts aren't bad.
4	what's not to love about this russian donuts shop? simple light inexpensive donuts, donuts sandwiches, some coffee and my favorite, the kvass, a fermented bread juice with fruits (apples) and some yeast
5	The breakfast donut sandwich with cheese, bacon, and egg is easily one of the best dishes I have ever eaten. All parts are perfectly cooked and the doughnuts are fantastic. The latte is also incredible. Great place for a cute, quick coffee and delicious donuts to go around. Easily one of my favorite, if not favorite, eatery in the city. Also, wonderful place for people watching and doing homework or both! Go here!!!
5	I arrived at Chez Boris at 9am with my kid in his stroller, and was delighted to find the place almost empty. When you have a toddler, you're always fearful of crowded places where your little hellion is going to wreak havoc and get you kicked out, or at the very least, scorned for all eternity with the burning stink-eye of the proprietors. Not so here. We went to the counter, ordered a coffee, two donuts, and a glass of milk, and pulled up to the big, well-worn couch to enjoy. I plopped the kiddo down and stripped off the ten million layers of outergear that one must dress your child in to avoid hypothermia in this city, and the barista/donutmistress brought us our treats. Fantastic. Crispy, hot, tender donuts with sugary topping, a nice drip coffee, and the milk was a hit with the kid. We sat there, eating our donuts, drinking our beverages, and giving a last read-through to the books we planned to return to the Mile-End library down the road, and I thought, this is as close to perfect as it gets. Afterward, we looked at the Snakes and Ladders game they had on the table, and studied some of the old maps plastered on other tables. Great atmosphere, great space (enough room for a stroller! hallelujah!), and great fare. They even open early enough to enjoy a treat before the library opens. Fantastic.
3	Very yummy donut sandwiches - I loved my pork belly/hoisin/green onion combo. My date found his egg and bacon one a little off-putting. You have to be ready for the sweet & salty excitement, and also know that the sandwich is quite heavy even if it looks small! Fair enough price, good drink options, but the vibe was that of study hall. I wish it had been a little more upbeat, but it would be a great place to snack and study... alone. The place was full but we were the only ones having a conversation!
4	I actually met "the" Boris at a Yelp event ages ago. I was so surprised that a donut shop would exist in Montreal, I always kept it in the back of my mind to check it out. Sadly other things got in the way, and after I missed their one-of-a-kind poutine, I decided that was enough!So I went on a beautiful Sunday, and got myself a salmon beignewich (a sandwich where donuts replace the bread) and kvass (fermented apple juice). All was delicious, especially the kvass - totally unexpected. The donuts are homemade, in plain sight, a couple of minutes before being eaten, so they are light and crisp! My only little gripe was that the sour cream in the beigne (too much of it, and a bit cold). I'd love to go back soon and taste the rest of their offerings!Also, pack lightly, the place is cramped!
4	Chez Boris -  a Hipster joint @ Parc & Fairmont. Though I'm not a big fan of the hipster scenario (Maybe I'm too old for it), I decided to give this place a try. Their specialty, Doughnut sandwiches!!! Sounds out of this world?  It is. We tried the pulled pork doughnut & the cured Salmon doughnut sandwich. The doughnuts aren't too sweet, so you can taste the meaty flavors without the sweetness overpowering it.They taste really interesting. Also all the doughnuts are made onsite. After finishing our sandwiches, we were in a food coma. I donut wanna talk bout it. Tired of the "hole" thing.  Definitely worth a visitFood : GoodService :Friendly Ambiance : CasualWorth the price : Yes
5	Went to Montreal last summer and got Chez Boris.... I've literally dreamed about their doughnuts ever since. I actually stopped in and was waiting on my boyfriend to get there, while I was waiting the super nice guy working there asked what I was getting and I let him know I didn't have any canadian money on me, and he gave me coffee and doughnuts BEFORE I paid! Such a nice atmosphere/ staff/ and amazing food. Plus! an entire wall of bookcases with board games! We ate doughnuts, drank coffee, and played scrabble on the sidewalk outside. It was dreamy.
4	We discovered Chez Boris by a fluke. We were on Yelp and found that they had a great beignet. We were nearby so decided to give it a go! The beignets did NOT disappoint. We ordered the cinnamon and clove sugar beignets and they were amazing. They are small so order 2-3 for yourself. They come in a cool brown paper bag. The atmosphere was very Russian, which I loved growing up in Russia. The coffee was just okay.4 stars for the beignets!
5	This is one of my favorite cafes in Montreal. The coffee is a tad on the expensive side but the atmosphere is great for working or reading. And as a great added bonus the hand made donuts are amazing.
4	Found Chez Boris on yelp before arriving to MTL and had it on my "must try list."Came here for 'brunch' on a Tuesday morning around 11am. I am def a fan of the hipster green-thumb decor! The donuts are called beignets, Russian term. I already forgot how to pronounce it (my bad!). The pulled pork beignet sandwich was totally legit, the hoisin sauce paired well, especially with the beignets hot and fresh! My bf had the egg & bacon beignets sandwich, equally good. The coffee served was the MTL staple. We wanted to try the regular donuts, but we were stuffed. Cool art on the walls, assorted random board games, random table map decor, and strong Wifi. We wanted to buy one of the posters behind the counter as a MTL souvenir,  but they were sold out :(
3	The Russian donuts were pretty good and the Soviet coffee was good. Vintage Russian food selection was limited.The only thing that I didn't like was the fact the people who work here are not Russian which is very misleading. I came to Chez Boris expecting to see some Russian people and have Russian food. So having ordinary non-Russian bland people working there is a thumbs down for me.Not sure if I will go back to this place.
3	Heard SO MUCH about Chez Boris before heading there when I was on the verge of 'hangry'dom' the other day. I've sampled their home made donuts at a few events and they are quite nice although I'm more a fan of light fluffy yeast donuts and they are on the heavy dense side of the donut spectrum. The atmosphere was sweet and the servers were relaxed and warm but my order being filled was on the slow side. I ordered the savoury breakfast sandwich - smoked trout, cream and donuts. It was, of course, on the heavy side, but more than that surprisingly bland. No lemon, no capers...very little flavor. Perhaps it was an off day or that's not their specialty but was honestly a little disappointed. Would return for a coffee though (smelled delicious).
4	If there's one thing I like in an espresso, it's that it works. Bo knows!Staff are friendly, fast and (look like they're having) fun. Sometimes it's packed, but if you need some room to sit and download torrents, it's a rad spot. Coffee is real and properly made, and everyone seems to dig their donuts. They have latkes too, which is impressive.
