5	Located in the back of the casino floor (right side) is this Starbucks.  The staff are friendly and helpful.  My husband and I got our coffee fix here and it was perfect!Next time I come to Luxor, I will come here for sure!
3	This review is for the Luxor food court Starbuck's.  I like Starbuck's to the point that I have a list solely for Starbuck's that I reviewed and have been to 300 of their locations. However the Strip casino Starbuck's pricing is off the charts.  Besides charging steeply inflated prices for a late, they were going to charge me an extra dollar for whip cream. This makes me consider eliminating coffee beverages when I am on the Strip. Most likely that will never happen.  In reality, I am a Starbuck's fan that is a captive consumer when I am on the Strip.
3	$6 for a large caffe mocha.  I hope these prices stay in Vegas.
4	It's Starbucks!!!
2	Some complain that Starbucks is expensive and they are thinking of the free standing locations! When it comes to Starbucks in a Las Vegas hotel, like the Luxor for example then those that complain about Starbuck's prices will be bowled over! As I learned the hard way, eating out in Las Vegas is indeed expensive. There still is cheap places to go but the food is worth next to nothing in taste or quality. On The Strip though the idea of 'You get what you pay for' is not necessarily true either. Some casino food is expensive or at least they charge way more than what it is worth and sometimes the food tastes sub par right down to awful. Sure there are decent to good places on The Strip but the restaurants through my experience taste significantly better and are less expensive if you leave The Strip. Even being nearby The Strip but not on it is an improvement. Anyway back to Starbucks. You are not getting anything better here yet you are paying more. Some bottles of water go up to $7 and go as low as $5. I was here twice on this last Vegas trip and got a bottle of $5 water my second visit there. When the barista rung me up she said how much my total was and then added 'That's depressing! ' Lady, you hit the nail right on the head!
4	Hey any Starbucks is a good Starbucks in my book
3	This is in no way, shape or form an exceptional or good Starbucks. It was busy, and overall not super prompt with their service. However, it wasn't really bad either, and after my super early morning flight to Vegas, I was just so darn happy to have a place to get a latte on my footpath in to my room in my hotel, that I could squeal.Thank you for rescuing my caffeination and my coherence with a latte, my friends.
1	As always my fiance insisted on his overpriced latte from Starbucks that he loves so much. I get it, it's Starbucks-it's expensive. But as we're walking in I get a stupid tickle in my throat and as my fiance is paying for his $6.75 coffee I ask if I can have a cup of water just so I can have a sip to get rid of the previously stated stupid tickle in my throat. Not a bottle-just a small cup. The woman told me it would be $1. I told her keep the water and her coffee and went to the casino and got it for free. FYI the cakes that are normally $2.25 are $4.00... So make sure you're winning at the tables before you proceed here!
2	This review is for the downstairs Starbucks at Luxor (not the one at the Food Court).I don't know if it's because I'm from California and I'm used to friendlier staff, but boy,  the women working at this Starbucks need a happy pill or something because they are just too darn stern-looking and unfriendly.  I greeted them and tried to be nice the whole time I was there but they kept acting like they had a stick up their butts or something.The only good thing I can say is the service is quite prompt and my favorite iced chai tea latte was great as always. Then again, an iced chai tea is pretty hard to mess up.
1	$6.15 for a $3.50 latte. One star because I could get my latte in my fuzzy mocs, tho I looked pretty stupid. And they took my gold card. And yeah, not the friendliest staff.
3	Lines were a bit horrendous but understandable since everyone wants more caffeine to feed their gambling addiction! Anyway, the best medium roast coffee I've had in a long time.  We asked for an extra cup and they said that they would charge us $1 for an extra paper cup. Oh dear, bad customer service.  3 stars and I'm being generous!
2	Only reason I give it 2 stars is that there is no in-room coffee and I needed caffeine.  Customer service--when you can get it--is slow and grumpy even if you are the only customer in the place.  Don't bring your own cup.  They don't do refills at any cost.  Look around in the morning; there's a reason so many people are walking around with McDonalds coffee cups.
3	There are 3 locations of Starbucks in the Luxor, and I've been to two of them. One of them is near the lobby. That location is absolutely horrible, since the lines were long and the baristas there were extremely slow. There wasn't even a place for you to sit at all since that small location was completely filled up. I also went to the food court location, and even though some long lines existed, the baristas weren't as slow as the other location. And since there's plenty of seating in the food court, you don't have to worry about getting a seat to enjoy your coffee and pastry. The prices were high, but not as high as in Mandalay Bay. And they do accept Starbucks Cards for purchases at both locations.Do what you have to do.
3	This is a strictly grab-and-go Starbucks located on Luxor's mezzanine level at the Food Court.  This is not a relaxing, contemplate-while-you-sip kinda place.  For one, the food court is a rather noisy place, and two, Starbucks itself has no seating here.  There is a large, shared seating area for the Food Court, however.  So you can probably find a place to sit down, but it will be like sipping your latte in a McDonald's or Nathan's Hot Dogs.  If I was staying at the hotel I'd definitely choose to enjoy it in my room.  But it's a convenience if you are in the vicinity and need a latte to-go.
2	This particular location is located at the food court section of the Luxor. Being that its located there, there will be a very long line to place your order. We stood in line this last weekend for about 10 minutes in the early afternoonish to just grab some coffee. The cashier was a bit in a rush, which is understandable if she is trying to just kill the line. My drink was ok. There is no place to sit and chill here while drinking your coffee like at other Starbucks. You are able to sit in one of the many tables though that the food court has to offer. Someone actually dropped their beer bottle at my feet and the glass broke and shattered everywhere. Sadly no one really bothered to come and clean it up or even give me a napkin. Only good thing about this location is the convenience of it being inside the Luxor hotel. I wouldn't come here if I wasn't staying here. OK drinks, service is slow, and not a very relaxing atmosphere.
5	Wished people would quit their bitching and complaining. This is a starbucks. Opens at 05:00 conveniently inside my hotel. Yesterday, I ordered THREE different drinks AND three different breakfast sandwiches. The one lady working there whipped them all up for me with a smile no prob. Average prices for sbuxComplaining about sbux prices? Bring your complaining self to a dunkin or McD for their nasty CHEAPER coffee and quit your crying. Were you expecting an intermezzo to cleanse your palate? Seriously.
4	Nice service, but long lines in the morning, just off the elevator by tower 4. Should put in more seating.
