4	I have been going to the M&E studio for awhile now and I'm truly impressed by the quality and skill of their employees.  I have been a client of Sabrina's for majority of the time and would recommend her but I think she doesn't work there anymore.  Call to find out because if she is then you won't go wrong with her deep tissue massages.  Their new location is nice but a little small...I actually liked the old location with it's hidden out of the way location, gym, and spacious lockerrooms with sauna.  The only reason I give the 4 stars is that the new location is a little smaller than the old....the quality of the staff is still 5 stars.  I highly recommend M&E studio for a great massage.
5	This is by far my favorite spot for a massage.  This spa is located in a strip mall (very common in AZ) with an unassuming store front.  The reception/check -in  area is quite small but don't let that discourage you.  I feel that the owners realized that they needed to utilize all the square footage as possible b/c once you enter the "spa area" it is quite large.  I was given a gift certificate and made an appt for the "Take me to heaven" massage.   Now, I have received massages all over the USA and several spots in Europe and this particular blend of swedish, aromatherapy and hot stone massage was most definitely the best I have ever received.  It relaxed and rejuvenated me and by the end of the massage I did not want to leave the establishment!  The prices were not outrageous either.  I think the 90 minute massage was about $90.
5	My family has been going to Allison for probably about 10 years now and have followed her from spa to spa. Her current location is small and inviting, albeit somewhat isolated in waaaaay north Scottsdale for someone coming from downtown -- and I mean Phoenix. The decor is gorgeous. Every massage I've ever had there -- from any therapist -- has been superior to my experiences at notoriously chi-chi locales such as the Camelback. Everyone is super friendly and services are top-notch. I certainly wouldn't go elsewhere for a massage, gas prices be damned.
5	It's a sad day.  This place had to close it's doors on August 9th due to the slow economy and competition.  I called today wanting to book the take me to heaven massage and was sadly disappointed.
5	Called today to setup my stop over in AZ massage and they are closed...Wow that sucks!!   Thanks for all the peace and quiet  M&E
