4	I just got some very light work done on my bike (blown inner tube, needed a rack installed), and Frank was wonderful (note: he's only in on Sundays, but if you can get him, do it. He knows his stuff). He was very knowledgeable, helped me make a decision about the rack I wanted to buy. Even though I looked at some panniers, he didn't mention anything about them when he rang me up, which was VERY refreshing. Everyone else at the store was courteous and helpful. I will DEFINITELY be back here for maintenance and advice!
5	This  bicycle shop is close and i use it often for parts i need when i need them.   The staff is always polite to me, and I to them.  I had a low tire on a morning ride and they were quite courteous in making certain the tire was good when putting the correct amount of air pressure into the tire.  This allowed me to continue my morning city ride to Summerlin.I have been in the store when they are short handed, and when they were swamped, I am a patient person and this has never bothered me much.  I always look at their inventory, never know when they may have the bicycle or part I will starve myself to purchase.Very good wheel truing service, every spoke had the same tension when my friend checked, he was delighted with their work.  That made me feel good all I noted was the bicycle rides better not touching the brake pads.JR
5	I researched quite a few bike shops before I went in to Bike World. I had in mind what I wanted and was doing an upgrade to my current bike. I was hesitant where to start since the reviews were so varied, and I was dreading dealing with potentially non helpful sales people. This was not the case!  I was greeted immediately and directed to Javier. He was sensational. He listened to what I was looking for, explained certain specifications as questions arose, in simple terms. He was very patient as I test drove over 5 models each one improving from the last decision until we fine tuned into  the perfect bike that I am now in love with!   I wanted a smooth, quiet comfortable ride for hour long exercising sessions that would allow frequent shifting for hills and dales. I got a Haro Heartland Sport model women's bike. I honestly didn't care what color it was, so to have it in white with purple to pink trim was a bonus.  It corners like a dream, going up hills that were challenging in the past were almost effortless. The brakes are responsive & crisp. Javier showed me how to adjust the handlebar height and angle, and made it into something very comfortable for me. He also took time out to show me how to take off the front tire and put it back on for easier loading into the car. He fine tuned everything and told me to bring it back in a month for another safety check. He even threw in a nice big white basket on the front for all of my accessories. To say that I am a very satisfied customer is an understatement. I love this place and will be back. They also quickly repaired a flat for my husbands bike too. My other riding partner was so impressed with the ride and the service and price, she is going to get the same model. She couldn't believe all that came with the bike. They went out of there way to make my shopping experience as pleasant as it could be. Thank you again, you really made my day and my rides a lot easier. Sincerely Eva Dahl
5	A lot of things may be "like riding a bike," but for me and my equally mechanically challenged girlfriend, bicycle maintenance is not one of those things. So when we decided to actually take care of whatever problems we'd ignored for a year or so on our respective bikes, the logical place to take them to was Bike World, because it a) is a mile from our house, and b) had good reviews on Yelp.Well, those reviews are well-deserved. We brought our bikes to the service door at the back of the shop pretty late on a Sunday (around 5 p.m.), and the service techs back there immediately welcomed us in and took a look at our bicycles. We thought my girlfriend's chain was rusted, and they reassured us it was normal discoloration from desert heat. These guys could have easily sold us a chain we didn't need, but instead, they performed some basic check-up maintenance, and did it all right away without charging a dime.The only thing we did actually NEED done was replacing the tube on my rear tire. Again, this was done right away with us standing there, and the tech (sorry I didn't get his name) took the time to show me how to do all this stuff myself, including how to properly remove the tire from the chain assembly. And, again, he went through and did some basic tightening and adjusting on my bike, all without question. He filled all our tires, and had us road-ready in no time.We were out of there for $17, which covered the new tube, a new rim liner, and the labor - well worth the lessons we got in being more self-sufficient. And never were we made to feel like morons for not knowing how to do this stuff ourselves. These guys were friendly, patient and helpful. I definitely understand why Bike World has been a Vegas institution for as long as I can remember (easily 20 years), and they now have two new regulars.
5	A while ago my hunny made a round of most of the bike stores in the valley. And either they were not attentive to our needs, didn't have what we were looking for or lacked in the customer service department.Upon our first visit to Bike World, we were greeted with very knowledgeable employees. Eager to assist but definitely not pushy on sales.We purchased a new bike seat not that long ago and upon taking it home, realized it was too tall. We kept meaning to take it back but kept either forgetting or saying we would do it another time. What was easily a month or two between our visits, they happily fixed his bike seat in a matter of minutes and at no charge. Anytime we need to make adjustments to our bikes, get them worked on or buy new toys for them, you will definitely find us here.
5	I went to get some tires expecting it to cost more than I could find them online but needed them quick. They had what I needed and cheaper than the online place! Customer service was very good also. Will be coming back.
4	This small bike shop is located on the East side of town, which provides nice bikes for lower prices than what you will find elsewhere in the valley. As of late my husband and I have gotten into biking. My husband knows more about it than I do, but that's because I just want to ride, he wants to mountain bike and jump, and etc. Well, well since we've been getting into bikes I've been here twice.Both experiences were great. The staff here is knowledgeable and they know their inventory. They also have a service department. I did not buy a bike here because I actually found one elsewhere for less money. Considering I am a novice mountain biker I did not want to spend *too* much money on my first bike. Of course, I had no idea bikes could go from $200 to $10,000. But. They can.I would certainly return here, especially since it is so close to where I live. I don't know if this is a chain, or locally run, either way it's a good place to go if you're looking for a bike or you need to service your bike.
2	Just a bit mad at these guys. My derailer was quite noisy and needed adjustment. I saw that Mcghies had a derailer adjustment for $15 dollars. I've done their tune up for $70 and was happy with it. I decided to try Bike World because it was closer and also because it seems like it is a more mom-and-pop type shop. I like the service of smaller shops because people are very happy to have your business and generally it seems less stuffy. Well, anyways i decided that instead of a derailler adjustment I would pay extra and do a tune up. Bike World's price was $6.50 less than Mcghie's. I dropped it off at the location and was given a two day turnaround. I typically ride my road bike on Thursdays so I asked if it might be done a bit early. The gentleman asked me to check Wednesday. I did and they were close to finishing it. I was happy about that. I arrived, paid and picked it up. I notices that the bike was dirty. There was grease on the frame. Then, I looked at the cogs and the chain. They were greasy. I looked at the derailer. It was adjusted. I'm happy that the derailer was adjusted but a tune-up typically has the cassette degreased and cleaned, the chain degreased and cleaned, the brakes adluster and the frame wiped down. It looked like all they did was adjust the derailers and brakes. I am mechanically inclined and could have done the adjustments and the tune up myself but I chose to pay so a professional could do the tune up. Not, being happy with it I asked what exactly a tune-up entailed. There window says its a 15 point tune-up. The gentleman seemed embarrassed and offered to clean it up, so maybe he just took a short cut on my bike and maybe it's usually not like this. I personally am not willing to find out. I am going to continue going to McGhie's or ask my riding group for a good bike shop.
5	Great little shop, good selection, kinda seedy neighborhood but who cares.  The employee who helped us was very nice and patient.  They didn't really have what we were looking for, most bikes for kids at these stores seem to be BMX type bikes. I would definitely return.
5	Bike world has a very knowledgeable and friendly staff and the prices are reasonable which is a big plus for me. I'm sort of a neophyte and the employee was understanding and patiently answered even my basic questions. Some reviewers have commented that the neighborhood is a bit iffy but really, it's not bad at all and is just typical of the older east side of town. This is definitely my go to bike shop!
5	Went in on my lunch break to get the tire on my jogging stroller fixed and I was out in less than 20 minutes!I think my techs name was Gilbert and he was super cool and friendly. I'll be back for future repairs
3	Only 3 stars for this, my first visit. I called 10 days ago on a Sunday to see if they could reassemble my bike. It was disassembled for a flight. They get points for being open and taking it. They told me that there were 3 or so jobs ahead of me and that it wouldn't be ready until at least Wed or Thurs. No problem. Thursday goes by, then Friday. No call. I went out of town and got home the next day, Saturday. No call. I called them on Sunday and asked if it was done. They placed me on hold for what seemed like a long while. The gentleman told me that my bike was on the rack at that point. This seemed hopeful, so I told him that I would wait for the call when it was ready. I got the call TODAY. Wednesday. 10. Days. Later. Not an issue if you are backed up. Just pick up the phone and leave me a message that it will take longer. I didn't get the call. I had to call. Then I had to wait another 3 1/2 business days for my bike that was supposedly on the rack when I called. It doesn't take more than a couple of hours to reassemble, tune up and reinflate two tires. I may try them again when I need someone. I understand that things get busy. Good for them. But please. Inform your customers. Good communication can carry you a long way. Especially since this was my first impression.
5	I came in a few days before Christmas to look at bikes.  I am a senior looking for a sane bike.  I really don't need 22 speeds. Jimmy was very helpful and let me try several bikes.  There was no hard sale or fake charm. I will go back after the holidays.  Sure, I can go to Walmart and buy a bike for $150.00, but will they be there when it needs service? HAH!
