5	I would highly recommend this company. We called Ryan to make Cheer captain boxes for my daughter's cheer team! They made all the boxes in time for the first game. The girls love the boxes. They did an excellent job! Thanks again for the excellent service.
5	I highly recommend this company and was very impressed with the customer service and the professionalism shown.  I recently had a garbage disposal go out and needed a replacement.  I called The Repair Guys and was unable to reach anyone so left a message.  Kyle returned my call promptly and we discussed the problem and options available.  He was able to  get someone out to fix the problem the same day.  I was out of state so Kyle sent me a video explaining the problem and showing me the faulty unit.  I am very pleased with the results.
5	While I can't attest to their actual work, I am giving this rating based on the service I received over the phone.  I called a few companies to ask about a having a project done.  Unlike the other companies who simply told me that my project is beyond their scope (mainly due to licensing), Ryan spent about 10 minutes discussing my plans and gave me very specific requirements/suggestions for getting bids on the project.  He then called me back 30 minutes later because he forgot to mention another idea.  I was quite impressed that he took so much time with me, knowing that he wasn't able to actually get me business.
5	My husband and I were looking for a company to perform a multiple task project. The Repair Guys were definitely the men for this job! Not only did they move an electrical outlet and install our new 70" flat screen television (consisting of a wall mount, shelving and tactfully hid wiring), they also did all of the drywall repair and painted the wall in an accent color. We also had them repair a piece of stonework on the exterior of our home, as well as a large hole in the stucco caused by the neighborhood woodpecker. Everything turned out exceptionally well. Ryan and his team are a great group of people . They are trustworthy and do top notch work.  I can't say enough good things about The Repair Guys!
5	Ryan came out to fix a drip in my sink just an 1 1/2 after I called! He was very sweet and made me aware of another problem I had with the valves and fixed that too! He was very efficient and was so courteous! ! I even had a follow up call to make sure everything was done correctly and cleaned up etc!! I would highly recommend this company!
5	I used Ryan and his team for some interior water damage at my house that was a result of a recent storm we had.  They made the repair process painless, and the trustworthiness of his team allowed me to leave for work and come home to a completed project.  They did the job quickly and accurately and I will definitely be using them again for future projects around the house!
5	I dealt with the repair guys to get an estimate for some repair work around my house. They were quick to respond to my initial call, they showed up on time despite the torrential rain that morning. They were thorough, polite, spoke in terms I could understand, and very friendly to my dogs, and they got the estimate to me in the timeframe they promised. I will definitely call them again!
5	I highly recommend The Repair Guys.  I used them for a number of services within a short time frame and they were great.  They were very communicative, easy to schedule appointments with, they showed up on time and were very friendly, not to mention they did great work.  Services we hired them for: bird abatement (we had a pigeon issue near our front door), rewiring outlets inside, drywall and fixing our RV gate.  All of these services were done well. Amazing customer service, follow up and they also don't nickle and dime.  I thought I needed a much bigger repair on one of our projects and they didn't take advantage of the fact that I didn't know exactly what the job would require.  Instead, they made a recommendation which would save both time and money and get the job done.  I would recommend them to anyone I know.
3	I am only reviewing their pricing as I did not have this company do any work. I called Repair Guys for drywall pricing after some recent damage due to a leaky roof. They sent two guys out the following day to take a look and give me a price. They wanted to charge a ridiculous price to use a special camera to look behind the drywall which I had to keep telling them I didn't want them to do. I also had a hard time getting them to understand exactly what I wanted them to do. I got prices from 3 other companies and none of them had a problem understanding. It took Repair guys a couple days to put together pricing. When they finally called to go over their pricing they were 3 to 4 TIMES MORE than the other prices. When I told them how much more they were, they tried to justify their prices and even offered to take off $200. I dont know if they thought I didn't know better but there is NO way this job could've cost half of what they priced it at. I ended up going with a company called Accurate Drywall and they did an amazing job even doing more work than I originally planned for 1/4 of the price Repair Guys quoted me.
