5	I stay here three times a week on business. What business? I'm a truck driver and my company coughs up the bucks for the room. This is one of the best places they put me up in. Newly renovated in terms of room furniture and mattresses, it's as comfortable as it gets. With an indoor pool and spa, it's light years ahead of your normal "off the strip by miles" hotel. While North Las Vegas is not considered the best part of town, this hotel sure makes a statement. The desk personnel are very friendly and know what they're doing. I actually feel like I'm at my second home (which is exactly what this is. I spend more time here during the week than I do at home!). The "Continental Breakfast is the usual - plus waffles AND biscuits and gravy. Unbelievably, these biscuits and gravy are really good. I've PAID for a lot worse out on the road! They also have 'hot' (heat wise) hard boiled eggs, which is something I've never seen outside of the pot in my house when I make hard boiled eggs myself. So, if you have to stay in North Las Vegas, this, in MY opinion, is the place to stay.
5	Very nice place and great customer service. My wife and I have stayed there twice and never had any problems. Not located in the greatest area but fenced in and security cams. They also allow dogs. Very nice and great place to stay.
5	This hotel my husband and I have stayed in mulitple times, from us moving down here to Vegas and when I came back to pick my husband up from the airport from his deployment. They always took very awesome care of us. I think we got some speical treatment from staying there for two weeks each time though lol they all got to know us pretty well.
1	La Quinta InnCategory:Hotels5/29/2011If you are really desperate and strapped for cash, then I guess this will do. This place is in a really ghetto area. 30 minutes away from the strip. Staff was wonderful and very helpful. We actually canceled our booking cause the place around the area was just really creepy looking.
3	Clean, nice room a bit far from the strip.
1	Don't trust the staff at this hotel.  After our departure from the hotel (2 days later), we received a phone call stating that in order to cover the room damage during our stay, they charged our credit card an additional $150.00 to cover damages that supposedly occurred during our stay.  These allegations/charges were erroneous.  There was no damage and now we're having to fight with the hotel and our bank regarding these erroneous charges.  I will NEVER stay in another La Quinta Inn if this is their practice of charging guests for allegations/damages that were not incurred during our stay.
5	The best La Quinta I've ever stayed in. Great service, great breakfast, very clean, and in better shape with more amenities than others.
4	Called last minute and had a room available within 10 minutes. The place was clean and fairly updated. The hotel is next to a Walmart. The area in between the hotel and the highway is pretty sketchy.
5	I headed out to vegas on a whim to attend edc, a giant rave of all things. The first night I was there I ended up sleeping in my car as it went till 7 am and I had not made any prior plans. I was dead, so exhausted! And la Quinta was their to the rescue. Location was perfect, a 5 minute ride to the speedway even closure to the Air Force base. The facilities are nice, very clean. Though I didn't use the pool, they had one. Beds are comfortable, everything was good, including their above average breakfast that goes along with your stay. What stands out to me most was the service, extraordinary. From the time I first called, Perla, who was working the front desk, was extremely helpful. Once I arrived her genuiness and good sense of humor made this review go from a 4 to a 5. She is having a good time, very professional, and cares about taking care of her people. Who likes walking back and forth past the front desk while pretending nobodies their. Not the case, after a few hours of being checked in its like she's your friend. Kudos to the maid on my floor, super friendly. I might of shocked her a bit as I was sprawled out on my bed passed out as she came in. Waking up I hollered to make sure she could do what she came to do and it was no biggy. Smiles for the rest of the trip. Thanks guysOh yes, they have these germ free remotes. Kind of cool
