4	Great fish and scallop !!!! Great addition to the Goodyear neighborhood. Family owed.
3	It's a new small place, clean, order at the counter fresh fish fry. They had several types of dips and the french frys were good. No beer :( sad hope that's too come soon. There was plenty served in one serving didn't need more. Husband wished his was crisper and wanted Texas toast.  Fish was white and very good. Coleslaw ok.  Hope they stay and grow - we'll be back.
5	Finally a great seafood experience without a flight to the coast!!!  They're flying the fish to us and what a difference from the typical Phoenix seafood experience.   The fish, scallops and fried clams all were all just amazing.   They have a very simple menu and I hope they keep it that way.  They even make their fries and onion rings from scratch!    Dinners are reasonably priced and they do have a lunch special that's a bargain for awesome seafood.  It's a smaller open environment casual restaurant that skips the frills and just does seafood right for those of us that have the experience of real seafood on the coast.   You'll need a place to nap after an entree and yell at the cook to give you some fries for a laugh after you've placed your order!!!  He may yell back but it's worth it :)
5	Finally talked my wife into trying a "fried" fish restaurant (that also happens to be the closest restaurant to our home... We do miss Dino's having moved a few miles from us).  We have spent much of our short but happy lives on both the West and East Coasts and 4 years in the Caribbean as well as a few trips to Hawaii and I am happy to report that right here in Goodyear we have fried seafood as good as/better than anything we have previously enjoyed.  Ada's scallops literally melt in your mouth.  Their fish and clams are fresh and nothing is greasy; everything we had is nothing less than excellent.  Fries and onion rings are much too good.  The folks working at Ada's are most amiable, informative and helpful.  My cardiologist may not be thrilled but we are adding Ada's to our frequent, Goodyear and surrounding area, restaurant list.
4	We had the admirals feast which is not on the menu but is a very large combo plater. Haddock, clams, scallops, fries, onion rings (all fried) 2 sauces and slaw. Cost was roughly $50 with 2 drinks. We had plenty of leftovers for our son and lunch the next day minus the scallops, there were only 10 and none made it home. This is a very odd strip mall, had I not seen this place on yelp I would of never noticed this place. Signage is horrible. Such a shame because the food is great. I will go back for sure. I love good scallops and will go back just for them. They also serve NY hotdogs which I will also try. -- Owner is super invested and offers great service. I hope they stick around because the food is really good. I recommend you try it out.
5	Friendly staff and excellent food.  We especially loved the scallops.  Can't wait to go back again.
5	Ordered a combo of fish,  scallops and clams.   The scallops were cooked perfectly and they were  just fricken fabulous!   I am not usually a fan of clams,  but they serve a nice meaty claim strip,  so I was very pleasantly surprised at how good they were.  The fish is very good nicely seasoned and moist.   The owners and staff are very friendly and the place is very clean and decorated very cute.  They are a great addition to the West Valley,  I will definitely  return.
4	First of all I'd like to send a shout out to Gabe......Don't go changing. This place is the epitomy of good mom and pop restaurants, even though this is Arizona the seafood taste fresh. This is just what Goodyear needs, and the food is not the best part..... the customer service is even better...... Try the dinner special, you won't regret it.
4	The fish, I had the paddock was amazing...melted in my mouth.  The coleslaw was dry (I think it was pre measured too early in the day) the fries while generous were not as fresh as they should have been. Love fries but not worth the calories if not fresh.  Will go back the fish was fantastic
4	Finally, a place that serves good quality seafood in West Valley! I thought it'd never existed until we went to Ada's. Their fried fish just melts in your mouth and I'm a huge fan of their homemade coleslaw. Their breading is light, crunchy and nicely seasoned. Ada's is bringing the typical fish and chips to another level. Now they just need to get some beers in there and they're all set. I didn't give them the full 5-star because our fries were a little soggy. No biggie! We can tell they care and have huge passion for their food and service. Keep that up and the place could survive in the volatile West Valley restaurant industry. We'll be back!
5	Wow! I grew up in Boston like to think I know a thing or two about seafood. This place is great food tasted fresh just like advertised. Fish was flaky and tasty no smelly fish here! (When you eat fish it should not smell like fish fyi means not fresh at all!) scallops great, clams fat and meaty! Can't wait till they have the Beer flowing it will be a Friday night staple!
5	Absolutely fantastic. It really is like they "beamed" a top-notch Boston fish fry straight to Litchfield Park. This is 100% legit THE BEST FISH you'll find for hundreds of miles.
5	My husband and I are thoroughly enjoying the fish plate. The French fries have a perfect amount of seasoning. The fish is light and delicious dipped in both sauces that they provide. They have fish flown in twice a week from Boston. I definitely recommend this restaurant. The owners are also very friendly. We've enjoyed eating outside in their patio!
5	Food was amazing.  Got the fish and scallop combo with onion rings.  It came out hot and fresh.  The owner said he gets the fish twice a week.  Great food great service.
5	Finally a fish fry in Glendale!!! Their food is soooo good! They only use fresh fish and everything else is made from scratch. Love their tartar sauce too! I'm so grateful someone finally decided to open up a fish fry.  I was so tired of the commercial seafood restaurants and fast food places. The owner is also a really nice man. I hope he's there when y'all go. Service is amazing!
5	The food here is awesome. Had the lunch special. The fish is amazing and the sides we just as great. If you love fish you must try Ada's!
5	Excellent fish fry. The Haddock was fresh and fried to perfection. The onion rings were lightly breaded and hit the spot. Locally owned. Worthy of more visits to try the scallops and clams. Seafood is flown in from Boston twice a week!
5	I love this place so much! Being from Upstate New York like the owner I felt at home! Ordinarily I have to wait till I go to New York to get good claims! But they sure provided! They also have Hoffman hot dogs which can only be gotten on the east coast! I will absolutely be back!
5	Ammmmaaaazzzziiinnnggg! I don't even like breaded or fried anything but this place has got me hooked! The scallops are so delicious...in fact everything is SO delicious and the staff is super friendly. Try it..you wont regret it! And if you do, it's cause you have poor taste in food!
5	The fish was hot crispy the fries were the bomb oh ig you like onion rings make sure you get some onion rings not a fan of the coleslaw but everything else was delicious
5	I thought the fish was quite good.  Hubby loved it.  The onion rings were great.  My only complaint is that the two offered sauces were mayonnaise-based as was the coleslaw.  I don't like mayonnaise, so I would have appreciated having the ability to choose another offering, or at least cocktail sauce.  Overall, quite good and I'm sure we will be back.  There were plant of other diners, all of whom looked quite content.  The servers seemed a bit unpolished, but were quite pleasant.  Just found out they do have cocktail sauce!!  Yummy!!
5	I really hope Ada's does well but one does have to wonder as they're tucked back in a corner of a newer shopping center. Right down the street from Centennial High School so I'd think they'd get some lunch business from teachers and such to sustain them until the general public finds out about them. The sad part is once they are "found" I'm afraid it may be a challenge to get a table.The first thing after walking in and being acknowledged we were asked if we'd like to sample the Seafood Chowder... I highly suggest you say YES! Very tasty, but I was there on a mission for fish & chips so I'll do the chowder another day.Staff was very nice and helpful and since we were there between lunch and dinner hours the chef/owner-partner came out and chatted with us. He was telling us about how when we came in he was right in the middle of breaking down (filleting) the fresh fish that was delivered and explained what fresh seafood they order in.I can't say enough about the seafood. Being born and raised in the SF bay area and working/playing in San Francisco and Half Moon Bay I've had some really great seafood. The food here rivals what I was used to eating at Hazels Seafood in Half Moon Bay, right off the boat!Fish fillet was thinly coated then flash fried crisp, inside was flakey and perfectly done and served with two types of tartar sauce. My wife and I both preferred the spicy one. I highly suggest the Onion Rings instead of the fries or do a combo as they're  very,very good!Pricing was fair considering the portion size and that it's FRESH fish. We ended up taking most of the fries/rings home as we couldn't stop eating the fish and it filled us up. Yes, it's that good!
3	3.5 stars.My mom was craving some type of seafood and she also didn't want to stray too far from home.  Looked up some fish and chips here on Yelp and this place sounded pretty good.  We got in the car and headed on down.I saw the place from the road but passed it and had to pull a U turn in order to get into the shopping plaza.  This place is tucked away in the corner, right on Indian School Rd.  We walked in and there was one other man eating lunch.  He said hello to us and seemed like he was enjoying his meal.  You walk up to the counter, place your order and they deliver your food to your table.  We ordered a few things....we got a Haddock and Fries lunch special, a Scallops and Fries lunch special and an order of Onion Rings.  The lunch specials came with a fountain drink (Coke products).  The drink machine is behind the counter so the guy working the front filled up our beverages and then we took a seat.  A few minutes later, the food was out.  Here is how it was......................Haddock and Fries Lunch Special ($8.95)-  This platter looked very delicious.  It contained two good sized pieces of fish, a nice amount of fries, a small thing of coleslaw and tartar sauce/fry sauce.  The fish was super moist and tasted great.  They fly in their fish twice a week from the Boston area and you could definitely tell it was fresh.  The batter was very light and was a typical "fish fry" batter.  The fries were natural cut fries and they were delicious.  They reminded me of Phils BBQ fries in SD but not as crisp/good.  The coleslaw was tasty.  I couldn't really tell if it was a mayo based or vinegar base.  I saw some white sauce sitting on the bottom of it but it didn't taste mayoish at all.  It had a hint of apple cider vinegar? to it.  It was pretty tasty and refreshing.Scallops and Fries Lunch Special ($10.95)-  This platter was identical to the fish platter minus the fish ;-) lol.  This platter came with 8 or so nice sized scallops that were breaded in the same "fish fry" breading.  The breading fell off of these kind of easily but they were still delicious.  They were cooked perfect and tasted great!Onion Rings ($4.95)-  Totally fresh and hand battered!  The batter was similar to the fish fry batter but it had added pepper to it.  The batter was very light and kind of crumbled off easily, but the taste of these were great.  Reminded me a bit of a Teds onion rings...kind of like an onion string almost but in ring shape lol.  These were excellent!Overall I was impressed for the most part.  Service was excellent and the food was very good.  It is just a tad steep though for what you get.  Our bill was $28.00 for two pieces of fish, 8 scallops, fries, slaw and onion rings.  The drinks come with the lunch special or else they would have been an additional $2.25 each.  That would have put us at close to $35.00 for lunch.  If they were $5.00 less or tacked on an additional piece of fish and 2 or 3 more scallops, the value would be better.  The only other slight complaint is about the flies.  They opened the side door while we were there and we had some flies buzzing around our table most of our meal.  Slightly annoying and nasty.  Will I be back?  Probably....this was one of the better fried seafood joints I have been to in awhile.  Just bring your $$ and maybe a flyswatter  and you will be good to go ;-)!
4	The only reason it's not 5 star is because the portions are proportional to the price. I'm not able to finish this combo and the price matched it. Cheap eats? No. Good food on a full paper plate? Eat here!
4	Authentic fish fry! Nice and super friendly, the fish is delivered fresh from Boston twice a week! The hubs had the FishFry and liked it, it was huge, he didn't even finish! I had the chicken and onion rings both of which were excellent, and cooked perfectly! The place is clean, and the "wait staff" checked on us constantly offering refills and checking on our satisfaction! A bit of an older crowd, but it is December in Palm valley, so welcome snowbirds! We'll definitely be back!!
5	My family and I went to Ada's last night.  The fish, shrimp, scallops and clams were all super fresh and super crispy! Ada's knows how to deliver simple yet  exceptional seafood. The fries and onion rings were also crunchy and delicious.
5	I'm usually not a fan of fried food, but the fish and seafood here have a light batter that isn't heavy or greasy at all. The Scallops are the BEST I've ever had!! Everything is very fresh, including the Haddock, which is amazing! The service is fast and friendly. Someone mentioned they thought it was a little pricey, but they give you generous portions and high quality fish and seafood, so I feel the prices are very reasonable.
5	Who says you can't find fresh fish in the valley.If you're a fan of Fish & Chips, then ADA 's should be your next stop.  I went to ADA'S Fish Fry  on the recommendation of of  my fellow "yelpers" and I am so glad I did.ADA'S is a wonderful, family-owned fish & chips restaurant. The fish is fresh, delicious and served with a smile.  On my first visit I selected the lunch combo. The lunch combo came with 2 big pieces of fish, a large portion of homemade fries, coleslaw, sauce, and a drink. The fish is a delicious flaky,meaty, white fish, and the breading is a light tasty mix of flour, cornmeal, and seasoning.   The fish is light, crunchy, cooked perfectly, served hot with the best homemade French fries in town.   The lunch combos run about $8.50 and the portions are absolutely huge.  I am excited  to have finally found a fresh seafood restaurant in the West Valley. The guys behind the counter were very welcoming and accomdating. The quality of the food is top notch. I will definitely be back soon.
4	It didn't take me long to find the restaurant.  I was a little surprised that the place was almost empty at lunchtime on a Saturday.  Maybe they have more business at night.  I was impressed with the quality of the fish.  Onion rings are the real deal.  Server was nice.  Cook was nice.  Coleslaw was good.  Shrimp was amazing.  I will definitely go back.  I hope they stay in business because the prices seemed a little steep.
5	This place is very good. Great scallops, clams. Very friendly and a nice portion of food. To bad not open on Sundays
