5	The best! love them all! :)
5	I had been going to the same dentist from my first appointment until I was 26 years old. Then I got terrible, God awful toothache and my dentist said they could see me next week. I could barely stand to breathe it was so painful. Then, a friend recommended Fox Family Dental to me. I called on my lunch break and they had me in by the end of the day. I won't go back to my old dentist! Every time I visit, call, or need something dental related, I have had a pleasurable experience- and I have an irrational fear of the dentist! That has to say something for the amazing people at Fox Family.
5	I have been to several dentists before but this office has definitely been the best! Very clean! The staff is extremely friendly. Dr. Fox is very personable and does his best to make you feel comfortable. I have recommended them to other people and will continue to do so. Not one bad experience!
5	Fox Family Dental is absolutely the very best. I have been going to them for fifteen years. Dr. Fox has helped me out of several dental challenges.  The office staff is friendly and always helpful. You can't go wrong with trusting your dental needs to Dr. Fox and his staff. Thank you for keeping my smile beautiful for a lot of years!!!
5	I have been going to Dr. Fox for a few years and always liked him. I recently had a dental emergency. His office staff was terrific in getting me right in to see the doctor. He was terrific, as always, as was his staff. They were very kind and professional. There is NO OTHER dental practice that I would ever go to!
5	GREAT DENTIST!  Dr. Fox was recommended to me by several of my friends and neighbors.  True to their recommendation Dr. Fox has been the best.  I have seen him several times.  Recently I broke a front tooth in half and it couldn't be saved. Dr. Fox gave me several options and I chose getting an implant.  Wow the magic of modern dentistry.  In 2.5hrs beginning to end he pulled the tooth and gave me an implant and a new tooth.  Unbelievable!  More than that 3 days later he called to see how I was doing.  You can't go wrong by selecting Dr. Fox and Fox Family Dental.  BTW I actually live most of the year in CA but I get my dental work done when I'm in AZ.  He's that good.
3	...
