2	Last time I ate here was when Carl's Jr 1st introduced their $6 burger probably 5 or 6 years ago.In no way did I wanna eat here but I only have a 30 minute lunch break and I work in Chinatown on Spring Mountain so outside of eating something Asain it's either Church's Chicken or this Carl's Jr. and theres always a line over at Churchs so........I'm a sucker for NEW so I ordered the from the display advertising Steak sandwich with onion rings on it.Just a sandwich & a drink $8 no wonder I haven't been back in awhile.The thing was covered heavy in mayo and had lettuce & tomato-NO onion on a roll with a very thin not so tender piece of meat.Reminded me of bad bar food.
1	I had bad service here at the drive thru late last night. The one who takes the order was rude. She sounded like she didnt like what she was doing. When we got our order, one of the burgers didnt have a beef patty! We returned and told them about it. The offered to replace the burger and refund the cost of it. I looked inside the store and I can see the one making the burger was on her cellphone, maybe thats why she missed putting the patty in my burger the first time.  Oh well, never again will I come back here.
4	Love this carls jr location the food is always fresh and they always get my orders right cant really say anything wrong about this carls jr location.
4	i didnt eat just got a happy meal for my son....of course he loved it....food was hot and fresh
4	First time hearing about this place. The food was decent & affordable the service was prompt & thorough. And I must say the biscuits were the fluffiest ones I've ever tasted. Definitely one of the best fast food places I've been too.
4	Went thru the drive thru today. My bad I can't remember her name but the lady was pleasant and I could understand her. She even talked to my granson. She made sure we had forks @ knives for our salad. The area here @ Spring Mountain & Decatur is a mess. Be careful making your way into the shopping center.
4	His place is all ways open it is all so kinda good ! The workers are helpful they know there menu and turkey burger is really good ! It a must in fast food
