5	I LOVE this store. Yes, it is like all the other Petsmarts, but the staff and services are awesome. The staff are super knowledgeable and caring.The dog training classes are wonderful! Our dog Rugby is a bit unfocused and hyper, and Suzanne, our trainer, was perfect with him. Even when I was losing faith in Rugby, she saw potential. She was there when we adopted him from HALO and walked us around the store helping us determine what to buy. She also trained Rugby in beginner and intermediate, and even got him from the PetsHotel for his classes while we were on our honeymoon. Suzanne is great and, thanks to her dedication, Rugby is now a canine good citizen.PetHotel: AMAZING service. We had to leave the "kids" here for almost three weeks when we were on our honeymoon. My cat, Pumpkin, is usually awful when boarded, and she had a great time. Rugby, our dog, also did well. When he got a little depressed, they sat on the floor and hand fed him. Every time I take him to the store now I have to take him to the PetHotel to say hi to his friends. PetHotel is fairly affordable for boarding and your pets will get lots of personal attention.Banfield, the Pet Hospital: A great value, esp. with the wellness plans. I bring Rugby and my cat Pumpkin here. The vets are great, very attentive and thorough. This store really distinguishes itself with its outstanding staff and services. Even if it is a drive, it is worth it to come here. Skip the Scottsdale Rd - FLW madness and shop here.
4	A convenient location with some very nice helpful employees.  The most fun you can have is watching the dog sitters with the pups!
5	I love this place! Yesterday I brought my scared little dog to their doggy day camp and she loved it! Instead of being full of energy and ready to play for hours after my long day at work, she was all tuckered out!  Apparently after horsing around all day with her new boyfriends Jake and Monte. (she didnt tell me this, it was on her report card I recieved when I picked her up!) I could tell it was a successful day when, as we walked out of the store, her tail was wagging and her head was held high. (When I dropped her off this morning it was exactly the opposite). The staff was great and even gave me a full report on her progress when I called to check in around mid- afternoon. I also found that if you want salon services the will take them to the grooming area after or during supervised play and then put them in their "room" until you pick them up! I love it! I will most certainly be back to this store for supplies, toys and best of all doggy day camp!
5	This is a review for the Banfield Pet Hospital.Riley (the famous ROTD dog) and I came here for her rabies vaccination and had a very easy and pleasant experience. We made an appointment since they're pretty busy and were shown in only a few moments after the scheduled time. Checking in was very easy considering how all of the staff are extremely friendly and kind and most importantly- patient. Let me tell you, dogs do not like it when you put things up their butt. The nurse who took Riley's temperature was extremely kind with her and the ordeal went very smoothly. Just two or three minutes later, the doctor came in to administer the shot. She spoke sweetly and calmly to Riley to ease her discomfort and really took her time to make sure she was ready and prepared for the shot.Afterwards she was thorough in explaining what to watch for in case there was a negative reaction. Checking out was simple and they made copies of everything I needed."wooffff growf howwwlll bark"Riley says she highly recommends this location for all your pet doctoring needs!
5	I'm a big fan of the groomers here!  I was very loyal to a groomer in Tempe and PetSmart changed my mind.  My sweet little doggy is taken care of so well here.  The groomers make him feel calm and less nervous.  They do a great job listening to my instructions and always make him look great.  I appreciate the doggy mess bags in the parking lot too!
5	I am a huge fan of the Petshotel here.  I travel a lot and it is so comforting to know that my sweet baby is so well taken care of.  Emily and the rest of the staff is so wonderful!!!!
4	This PetSmart is tucked away in the Whole Foods shopping center, next to a running shoes store and yoga place. The shopping center itself can get pretty crowded but there always seems to be parking near the PetSmart. Luckily, that means it hasn't been too busy the few times I've gone. The inside is laid out nicely and rather clean. The employees have been helpful and quick. I'd definitely come back to this location. It's convenient and I can do some grocery shopping either before or after.
5	I work in the area so I frequent this location to pick up crickets for my salamanders. The employees are friendly and very knowledgeable. Sean in the small animal section knows his stuff and is always very helpful. The service is great and will keep me coming back.
1	I worked in the Petsmart Pet Hotel (Scottsdale 101) for about a year. I wouldn't even let my parents take there dogs here. The managers yell and sometimes kick the dogs when they are blocking the door (doggy day camp), the cages are not large enough and extremely HOT in the summer time, and they are never given enough water. Also, if your dog is an "individual", which means they don't go to doggy day camp, they aren't spayed/neutered, or just aggressive, they are usually never walked. Most dogs would also defecate in his or her cage and it wouldn't be cleaned up for a whole day. I remember some parents would complain that his or her pet would go home with poop stuck there fur. If you pay for your dog to go to doggy day camp, what people don't know is if your dog(s) annoy the Pet Hotel worker (barking, splashing water, jumping, etc.), they will take them out and keep him or her in there cage for the rest of the day and still charge you. And that cute little paw report you get that states who your pet played with? Sadly, most of it is made up. People who bring there dogs and cats in don't see this side of Petsmart. I quit here because I couldn't stand how these dogs and cats were being treated. Please do not take your dog here. It's not fair to him or her. My parents now take there furry children to D Pet Hotels in Scottsdale.
1	For the three days that I had a dog, I went here a few times for a couple different things. I had some questions and it took me 5 minutes to find an employees. A few days later I returned mostly everything I previously bought and I was questioned why I was returning my dog. I told them allergies and they told me to get shots or take allergy medicine. The manager was ringing me up and pretty much shut the other employee down, but don't ask me questions please.
1	I brought my little boy here for grooming and he came back bleeding. I called the groomer and they were apathetic about the entire situation. If that not bad enough they called me several months later to see if I wanted to set up another appointment and I expressed my concerns again and once again they did not seem to care.
