4	A good jukebox, a nice section of pool tables and plenty of seating make this one of my favorite old school Phoenix bars. Years ago, they had a reputation for being "soft" on ID's, so I was a regular when I was home from school my freshman year in college. Since then, apparently there has been some sort of crackdown but the main things that make it a good spot to kick back with a few pitchers and friends remain unchanged. You'll find that around thanksgiving and Christmas the crowds are overwhelming, as it has become the unofficial reunion bar for Phoenix natives that have since migrated to other parts of the country and world. The rest of the year it is easy to find seats at the bar or one of the tables, and the laid back divey atmosphere makes it easy to have a good time.
3	Pomeroy's and I have a really ass backwards relationship. Typically, the purpose a bar serves me is to quench a thirst brought on by numerous factors, the most typical one being the uncanny excitement I have for making poor (but fun) decisions. Because of this, the purpose I serve bars is not only the obviously fiscal nature of the relationship, but I often serve as the harbinger of good times.So here's the problem with P-roy's.I never want to come here. Ever. This is the place I END UP at and it's typically the result of somebody else's negative circumstance that I don't really want to deal with (friend meltdown, death, crashed vehicles), and I almost always have to leave a place I like to come here. I know, weird, right? But I've been here more times than I can shake a stick at, and while I am usually the omen of good times to come, I always know that if I am on my way to Pomeroy's, not only will I be saving copious amounts of cashola, I also always end up having a blast and not doing something stupid. So the role reversal always sends me for a loop, and the bathroom always smells like fresh poop, but I can't help kinda liking it.
3	If you read enough of my Yelp reviews, you'll notice that my second home is the crappiest dive I can find. Pomeroy's is no exception. I started coming here because my friends live within walking distance and is where they like to go. To be fair, I've never actually gone there on my own (without them) so I cant say I really choose the place. The bartenders are very very quick to remember your name and your drink, even though by the end of the night I always forget their names. The selection of games (shuffleboard, darts, pool, and arcades) is very good and worth the entertainment factor in their own. You never know what kind of crowd will be there, but mostly it is not a good one. I've had a lot of people try to start fights here, it's just a seedy and unruly bunch. That all said, overall I think it's an ok place to drink. It's inexpensive and the bartenders are great, and when it's all said and done, thats what matters the most about a bar.
3	I'll definitely come back here. It has a nice long bar, booths for eating and drinking, pool tables and a few video games. I was stoked that they had Fat Tire on tap for $3.75. They also have a lot of other good beer choices on tap at reasonable prices.The wood panelling definitely adds to the divey feel.While I did not eat, the food looks decent enough....better than what you'd expect at a dive. There was some work funtion going on there, so I didn't get an accurate feel for the crowd. But there were mostly working class types, young and old, some bikers. So NO attitude or pretense and a comfortable atmosphere, so what's not to like?The only downside is that the place smells like farts. It's not overwhelming, but the essence of ass is definitely there. If you have a good buzz going, that's really only a minor annoyance.
2	eh.... it's ok.I think I was looking for something a little more chill divey and not so sports divey. It was a little brighter inside than I expected and as I said it seemed more like a trashy sports bar than a trashy divey joint which was a pretty immediate turnoff. The pour was okay, I've had better elsewhere for the same price. There was a slightly noticeable odor of ass in the air and it was freeeeeezing at the bar. Hello people, the temperature is dropping, it's no longer 115 degrees outside, do ya think you can raise the thermostat above 70??? Thanks. Not horrible but I doubt I'll be back.
3	Ah Pomeroy's. I have to say that the food definitely beats out the drinks at this establishment. It's rare to find a bar that serves excellent food, but Pomeroy's is definitely at the top of my list. In addition to this, they have this crazy satellite juke box which allows my grumpy Brit friends who are in town to pretty much select anything they can possibly think of to play (Blackalicious anyone...?) Plus, I give extra points to a place that decides to put up wood boards/paneling covering every square inch of wall space. My only complaint? If you have a group of six or more, you're going to have to do some really creative chair arrangements. Most of the tables are built for no more than six.
4	Dude. Pomeroy's is the shit. Charlie, the bartender, is quite possibly the best bartender in the world. He asked every single person's name and actually remembered it, even though I am certain he was half cocked. The food was surprisingly tasty. (Grilled Cheese. YUMMMM) I got completely obliterated off of two drinks: a Jagger Bomber and a Fat Tire. They might lace their glasses with roofies. I love any place with an Internet juke box. They also had darts, pool and shuffleboard. The best part? OMG the people watching. Saturday night is the weekly white trash symposium. I'm going to become a card holding member just so I can make this place a weekly. I really wish Yelp had half stars because for a dive bar, this is 4.5
4	This place was disgusting, and of course by disgusting I mean awesome.  And I suppose I also mean disgusting, because lets face it, Pomeroy's is not intended for the faint of heart.A group of us came pummeling on Saturday night after Amber W. and the Second Time Ever boys were kind enough to give us a Sunnyslope Art Walk preview (which kicked ass by the way) and immediately I was hooked.$2.75 Amber Bocks ALL DAY and a late night menu with grilled cheeses, chicken fingers, and mozzarella sticks? Where do I sign up? Like seriously, that is my holy trifecta of late night bar food, and this particular bar food was delicious.  And I can say that with great confidence because believe it or not, I wasn't drunk, so I could actually taste it : )  Be prepared to wait though, because the service for certain members of our party (sorry Jordan) was SLOW.Yes, the table was filthy and no one once came over to clean it.  Yes, the clientele was a bit on the unwashed side.  And yes, there were at least 5 people in there that wanted to kill me for no other reason that I made the mistake of walking in with a designer bag.  But listen, Pomeroys make's ZERO excuses for itself, and really, what self-respecting dive bar should?That said, before my next visit to Pomeroys, I will dirty myself up a bit and dress in the finest wife beater I own, and it will be on, because no amount of salty bar patrons will stand between me and my $2.75 Amber Bocks, so don't even try...
3	If you have amazing tits or a douchey hat, you will good service.Someone carved Cenpho.TV into one of the tables.That someone was me.Being a huge fan of dive bars, I feel like I should enjoy this place more. I don't.I love my crew though.Love is a battlefield. Hell is for children. Don't stop believin'.
4	I hate this place.  When can we go back?
5	This is a very odd, disgusting, wonderful, enchanting, engaging, and dark neighborhood bar experience.  It's a hole, and a hole I love.  I go there a lot, with my firends and family - and now my son (since the smoke is no longer inside).The food is remarkable. I don't know how they do it, they have the BEST food - with roast beef cut right off the roast and the GREEK salad is awesome.  It's great food at a great price, with the neighborhood clientele, a juke box, darts and pool - that my son can hang out and play with us.I am not exactly hot and I get great service - tableside even!  I think it helps if you are nice...so be nice to the people who work there, and they will be nice back to you.  Funny how that works!
5	I walked in, screamed "Hey Charlie" to Charlie, the bartender, and he screamed back "Hey Amber."This is my new home base. I couldn't love this place more if I tried.Try the fuzzy .... ummm .. you know, the other name for a kitty kat ... it's quite tasty
4	Absolutely the wrong time to be updating this, but whatever.  Busy week.Anyway, the booze is cheaper than I remembered, unless they lowered their prices, the grilled cheese sammy is as good as advertised, and best of all, the midweek bar staff are actually decent people.  Sweet.  I can stop hating this place, or at least have no reason to hate it.  I have a hard time refraining from hating things I started out hating.  Good thing I don't hate too many things.
4	I drove 35 minutes (from the bowels of the valley... aka Gilbert) to get to Pomeroy's and it was well worth it. I met up with a group of friends to celebrate the life and times of Michael Jackson and the jukebox was ready for us. They had $30 worth of MJ songs loaded up that lasted us most of the evening. They have a slightly elevated game room with wooden floors that are perfect for moonwalking. They have several beers on tap, at a reasonable price. And, their menu is filled with delicious grilled cheese variations- my choice of the evening was grilled cheese with bacon. Bacon makes EVERYTHING better, right? I would totally agree with labeling this as a "dive bar" - dim lighting, pool tables, buck hunter.... yup, it's a divebar. But had a great time! And the service was great- thanks Charlie!
3	A group of us went to Pomeroy's after a Coyotes game.  This was my first trip to, what can only be described as a shithole.  Be that what it may, they don't try to be anything but said shithole.  They have a huge selection of beer, both on draft and in the bottle.  They have liquors galore as well.  I think they have wine, but Pomeroy's is not a place where you drink wine.  It is beer or some dark colored liquor.  I did get some food here.  They have a pretty large menu actually.  It mostly consists of grilled cheeses, melts, burgers, and hot dogs.  I had some sort of melt and it was pretty frickin tasty!  It was greasy mind you, but I needed it to soak up the large amounts of alcohol I had indulged in.On this particular night a a fellow Yelper, who will remain nameless, was dancing to every song that the jukebox played.  There was even a dance off to some Michael Jackson song or another.  It was epic!Pomeroy's is a dive bar, so don't expect anything less.  Come as you are and they will still love you.PS.  The bathrooms are pretty gross, but it just adds to the overall atmosphere.
4	I'd come back here. Can't think of much I didn't like, except maybe the bathroom. But even that wasn't too bad. It fit in with the rest of the place. I didn't have high expectations so I wasn't disappointed. Actually, I was worried I wouldn't really like the bar food before we got there.The bartender was awesome. The menu is small & simple but they have fried mushrooms & zucchinis for about $6. Instant points there. I expressed interest in these but I also wanted a sandwich. I got a TBA which is turkey, bacon, avocado, & tomato on toasted bread. I asked for no mayo. That was about $7 & some change. Best part? The bartender hooked me up with a basket of 1/2 mushrooms & 1/2 zucchinis as my side. I totally lucked out.Only thing I'd do differently is get a margarita with Jose instead of whatever tequila I was talked into drinking.Oh, another awesome win is that Pomeroy's is right down the street from my fave 'bertos. But hey, the food is so good I probably won't end up across the street for Mexican.
4	Some dick sucker punched someone in the parking lot. I gathered the guy who was punched is the cook, Alex? Luckily, he's gonna be ok. It was just strange to drink with so many cops in the bar, but I did it anyway. The cops didn't care.I drove from the I-17 & Bethany to come here to get some fried zucchini's & mushrooms. I was already drunk & got a craving. (Edit: Ok, I personally didn't drive. I don't drink & drive. EVER)Nick, the bartender is always great. Props to his customer service. The fryers were still on because of the commotion even though the kitchen should have been shut down. He hooked me up even though he didn't have to. I appreciate that.Don't get the impression that cops at Pomeroy's is a common occurrence, it's not. Don't you dare let my review that includes a 1/2 assed bar fight dissuade you from coming here. I'm still planning on coming back here, AGAIN!
2	I do NOT like Saturdays here. The day definitely does matter when it comes to this place.The crowd is young, even the 'tenders! Like, under 25 young. Hispters, casual, retro, drunk, snobby, loud, rude, semi cute guys, ugly girls, lustful. Hmm do I not like hanging out at a bar with people my own age?! Gosh, my generation can suck sometimes. Did I get the word RUDE in there? Oh yeah, I did.The bartenders are nice. Nick doesn't work on Saturdays. Alex's head is fine. He's great.The jukebox SUCKS! The selection is shitty. It's just crap.I'm apologizing in advance for this next bit. I don't care if this girl reads this. I fought hard to bite my tongue at the bar. I can't hold it in any longer.This goes out to the chubby biotch with the streaky bad dye job so called highlighted hair. Shut your ugly mouth & go pick songs you'd like to hear instead of loudly yelling about how shitty you think other people's song selections are. If I ever see you again, & you open your loud mouth, I just might shove my glass down your throat to shut your ignorant rude tasteless heifer ass up. Ps. those guys you were hanging all over weren't even interested in you either. They were just too drunk to care. One of these days that nasty look you throw people for no reason will result in a heap of shit coming your way, girlie. Wait, you were a girl, right???
4	Moderately cheap drinks. Pool tables and Shuffleboard (yea!!)  People keep saying the food is good... perhaps someday I will get drunk enough to try the food from this dive... I don't know if I would order food from here soberly.  But the beer is cold, the music is decent, the Christmas lights are on and the people are amusing to watch.  Ladies.. a tip to the wise.. put the Clorox wipes in your purse to give the bathroom a lil perking up before you use it and its far less scary... besides there is always something amusing written on the stalls, so it is easy to distract yourself from the grunge..And if you are there at the right time, a crazy from the center down the street will come around asking for a smoke and passing out roses he ripped of the bushes next door.Oooh Pomeroy's!
4	Great neighborhood place that's been there forever! The staff is friendly and attentive and they pour a decent drink. The food is standard (can't go wrong with a grilled cheese though). Pool tables, Foosball, dart boards, Megatouch - there's always something to do so you are never bored.
3	It's cheap and you can always get a table, usually a bar stool.  Dougie makes a badass chicken Philly cheesesteak with jalapenos.
3	Arana invited me to her birthday gathering here last night.  She wanted to know if a skirt would be good.  I told her "Um, it's Pomeroy's.  Wear sweats."Yeah, it's a dive bar, but it's evolved over the past couple years.  There were hipsters. And girls really dressed up.  At Pomeroy's.  WTF???I always get the grilled cheese and have them add green chiles.  I also get tater tots on the side.  I looooove their tater tots!Only thing I don't like is that you have to go to the bar to order your food and drinks.  I waited at my table for 10 minutes before I finally decided to call in my order.  From my booth.
4	I always forget and tell people that Pomeroy's is on Central. I think it must just be that cool - I'm trying to pull it closer to the other really good places to go. It is, in fact, on 7th St. and if you tie it on a little tight, the grocery behind is, in fact, open late. It looks like a bar that should have a few regular bar flies and music that screeches to a halt when someone new walks in. And by that, I mean it's the most endearingly divey of bars.There's shuffleboard, just give your id to the bartender in return for the pucks. There's pool, but you pay quarters for that. The juke box is electronic and you should expect that you're gonna hear Def Leppard at least once during the night. The regulars will help you learn darts, the food is griddle-fare and the guys behind the bar are always good for a chat or to grab you a pint. Pomeroy's should definitely be on your rotation of places to be in Phoenix.
1	My gay neighbor took me here for afternoon cocktails on a Sat. This place sucks! The bartender was unfriendly and the bloody mary had no alcohol. Wont return again. It also smells like cigarette smoke from before they banned smoking in the bars. Gross! better dive bars to be had
5	As good as it gets, for dive bars, of course.Pomeroy's truly is the best of the worst.  It has all the comforts of a great dive bar:  windowless, dirty, surly bartenders, cheap drinks, greasy food, and a handful of regulars. You can come as you are and fit right in or throw on some clean clothes and be one of the better looking people in the bar.  The place smells much better than it ever used to, thanks to the "no smoking inside" ban a few years back.  But it still is pretty nasty...in a good way. Watch yourself in the bathrooms though...Shuffleboard, pool tables, people watching, and cheap eats and drinks are all in store for those brave enough to hang at Pommies.  They even have darts, fooseball, and a small respectable arcade that boasts Deer Hunter.  As far as food goes, it is the quintessential bar food.  Served on paper plates...just like you have at home.  The burger and chili cheese fries are my favorites and the beers are ice cold. A good casual place to just hang out - Pomeroy's holds a special place in my heart and always delivers a good time.  Sometimes a headache too, but that kicks in the next day.
5	I'm giving this place a 5 star rating because what I remember of the night was 5 star worthy! We were walking around downtown on my birthday night with a bunch of peeps and couldn't decide where to go. Finally, someone suggested Pomeroy's. So we walked over. Honestly, I don't remember walking anywhere after, but I do know that I got home. So... I can't really comment on the walk and location.When I ran off to the bathroom for 3 minutes, my husband succeeded in tracking down the waitress and having her rush a piece of cake out to our table so they could sing to me upon my return. That was pretty much the coolest thing ever. On my way to that aforementioned bathroom venture, I passed a girl who I heard push through to the front of the bar yelling in the most annoying voice ever "hey! Let me up there! It's my birthday!"    uh no. It's my birthday b.tch. Back off.We drank and ate and were merry. It was a good time. I've passed by the place in the day and it looks completely different then how it did that night.
4	If nothing else, you should visit Pomeroy's because there works the world's best bartender, Charlie.  A master of his craft, Charlie may also be the world's best grilled cheese chef.  I've watched him make them, he gives a shit.Happy hour has 2 for 1 domestics on tap.  You know how some uptight bars won't serve you more than one drink at a time?  Oh no, not Pomeroy's.  They hand you two picture perfect ice frosted mugs filled with your favorite brew and you realize this place isn't for amateurs.
3	I like this place.Plenty of pool tables.Lots of beer. Even caguamas of your favorite Mexican brews.They have that old golf arcade game too.
2	I love dive bars. But dive bars should have dive bar prices, not $5 for a Corona. And please, when I ask for water don't tell me "we only have bottled water" and charge me $2. Not true and not cool.
1	I got food poisoning from a bacon burger. I thought the meet tasted bad but by then I had already ate half. Puked my guts all night and runs the next day. I informed them and all I got was sorry.
4	Stopped by this place for a drink and ended up staying for a couple more! Had a blast talking to the bar tender and playing video games while sipping on my PBR. We ordered up some fried mushrooms and another round.Seems to be a great place to hang out with a group and have a good time.I'll be back!
1	If you are "drunk and annoying" do not come here! I was told this by the bartender while trying to order some food and a drink. Un-professional. Go across the street to the yard! They are friendly and willing to accommodate all.
