5	I hear Sinatra ate here - I had to go ... Hands down the best Italian in Vegas (maybe all points west of Vegas too). We didn't have a reservation, but got there fairly late (9pm) so the place wasn't that crowed. It allowed us a wait of only 20min. or so to get an upstairs table with a view overlooking the Grand Canal.  ... I recommend you call ahead and reserve one (it's worth it) ... We had a few drinks in the downstairs bar area (and wouldn't have minded if we had to wait a bit longer). The menu is heavily weighted towards seafood dishes, the staff seams to be all from Italy (It's Vegas! Everythings imported I guess) and the ambiance is fantastic. The place is highly-priced, so if you're drinking, don't expect to escape with the bill under $100 per. Our's was about $185 for the two if us w/o tip (which included a couple Peroni's and glasses of Chianti).
5	I've been here a couple of times and it has been outstanding on both occasions!  The menu does lean heavily toward seafood, but they use really fresh ingredients. I had the sea bass and was not disappointed at all!  The service was superb!Like Tom P. said, call ahead for a table overlooking the Grand Canal!
1	I was very disappointed at the cost to quality ratio at Zeffirino.  I ordered a noodle dish which was supposed to have fresh tomato, basil, and big blocks of fresh mozzarella, according to the menu.  I ended up with a plate of undercooked spaghetti with spaghetti sauce drizzled over it and a little cheese.  Definitely disappointed.  I also ordered a bottle of Italian Moscato which they were out of, and replaced with a Pinot Grigio which tasted like it was half full of water AND it had one of those plasticky corks.  I hate those.  Out of the party of 7 that I ate with, no one particularly cared for their meal and several of us did not feel well the next day, post meal.  I will never eat here again.
4	on a weekend that consisted of a surprisingly great room at Harrah's, a surprisingly great dinner at Guy Savoy in Caesar's and a surprisingly good show from Celine Dion (that's right i'll admit it!), dinner at Zeffirino was excellent.  they put us at a nice table overlooking the gondola.  the service staff was excellent and very helpful in helping us out w/ the menu.  we both found dishes we loved and had a great bottle of Moscato as well and at the end of the day, what more could you ask for?  really a 4.5 star restaurant but i don't wanna round up...  yelp, start allowing 1/2 stars!!!
1	Oh how completely disappointing to find Italian cuisine of this quality at such a grand Venetian themed hotel.  It is tough to find a bad meal in Las Vegas, but here it is.  A large winding dark and quite restaurant that impossibly feels dead, in the midst of all of the hubbub downstairs along the canal.  I love porcini mushrooms, so when we saw the Lasagna with redporcini's we decided to give it a try.  They explained that it was not a traditional lasagna, but what they brought to the table was lasagna like noodles with plenty of redporcini's, but it had no porcini aroma nor taste.  Maybe a RED porcini is like their lasagna and not a real porcini?  $30 for lasagna noodles and mushrooms and that is it.  Seriously, just an awful dish of nothing.  My date ordered off the menu to get pesto with spaghetti, but it was underwhelming in every way.    I applaud their large selection of wines by the half bottle.  I love that size for two people, yet so few vineyards produce them.  We had an Italian Chianti that fit the experience perfectly.  Off, boring and I wish I never had it.
4	The great oysters that are made available to you smack dab in the middle of the desert at Zeffirino's - - - those oysters alone would earn this place 5-stars.  Holy smokes... damn good oysters... Wine selection is huge.Steak?  Great - order it rare.  Accompanied by a bottle of Jordan Cabernet:  HEAVEN ON EARTH.Most of the pastas, but not all - very, very good.Seafood entrees - - some are hugely impressive, but admittedly a bit inconsistent. I've been here 4 times total now, 2 times on the same visit a couple of years ago.  Those two times were amazing, knock your socks off GOOD.  The latter two times have been a bit "off" once (hence, I knock off one star just for the inconsistency), and then amazing again the last time.  Hmm.Ambience is nice here as it overlooks the Grand Canal Shoppes.  Lighting is nice, and if you don't sit on the balcony area - - a nice, private booth is also very cool here.  Dining for two, all the way to dining for 50 can be accomodated here - - it's a large restaurant, much larger than it appears!! Service has ALWAYS been excellent in true Vegas style.  They charge you an arm and a leg, so I expect nothing less, but it is nice to be treated like royalty!I don't even have to order here.Just hearing we have reservations to this place conjures up images of fresh oysters on ice for me..... I could eat these oysters by the ton.  I kid you not.But - I shall try it again on my next visit just to be sure what is happening here.  There was a time I'd have given Zeffy's a strong, strong 5-stars.... but that one mediocre time still remains in my mind.  Fluke?  Off-night?  It can happen... but not twice.  Not in Vegas where there are too many good places to eat at to frequent a less-than-reliable establishment.The jury's still out on this one.
3	Overpriced (for what you get) but you should already be expecting that already.  The staff was actually a little annoying - food was enjoyable though - 3.5-stars if I could.
3	One word: Overrated.I was definitely underwhelmed by the food. Ambiance was nice, if you like to watch a shopping mall from where you're sitting (we got seated in a "nice" location overlooking the toilet blue water, gondolas and the Kenneth Cole store). The interior is nice, but nothing special if you're a foodie and dine out often. The service was average, a small hint of pretense included.We went in expecting a nice dinner and ordered the following:--Appetizer: Sauted clams and black mussels with garlic, white wine, capers and parsleyThis was not good. It looked like it would be delicious when presented at our table. There was a light garlic sauce covering the mussels and clams which was quite good by itself. However, the actual shellfish was completely bland and some were too chewy, like they cooked them too long. Overall, it left a lot to be desired.--Entrees: 1) Homemade pasta sauted with lobster, white wine and baby Shrimp in a Light Tomato sauceThis dish was pretty average fare. There was one large lobster claw and a bunch of baby shrimp, so they definitely didn't skimp on the seafood. The sauce was pretty flavorful and the noodles were cooked well. It just wasn't orgasmically delicious. Oh, and the serving size was Buca-esque, which, to me, isn't a good sign for a supposedly "fine dining" establishment.Also, it was garnished with a random piece of purple cabbage and parsley. PARSLEY?? seriously?? I thought this was a classy joint!2) Pan seared breaded veal loin, topped with tomato, mozzarella and parmigiano served with sauted tomato pastaThis was my bf's dish. He didn't like the veal which was SMOTHERED in cheese but he said the pasta was alright.Since neither of us are wine-lovers, we just ordered a few cocktails, much to our server's dismay. He was visibly bothered by our decision to skip the wine (it was funny and odd at the same time). Oh and a bottle of Aqua Panna still water is $8, just to let you know in case you were hoping for free water :)We skipped dessert. Check was $150 for two. Meh.The highlight of this place? It has the nicest bathroom's I've ever seen. Each stall is it's own little private room complete with a clear vessel sink and cloth towels. They also had a variety of hand lotions for use in the hallway outside the bathrooms.
5	I wondered if the hotel that is themed after Venice has a good Italian restaurant or was it going to be another tourist trap? No it was not!We hit this place up as a late lunch so we there was no wait. I loved the decor. The bottom floor was dark and provided a nice get away from the crowds of tourist and shoppers outside. The upper level was very nice IMHO. Yes i know it is nothing compared to an actual restaurant over looking a courtyard in Venice, but guess what I knew i was not in Italy so I wouldn't dare try to compare it to that.I am a big fan of people watching is really enjoyed sitting on the top floor over looking the shops and enjoying the singing from the gondola operators even though they seem to only know about a total of 5 songs but non the less still enjoyable.The service was great, absolutely no complaints. The food was prepared very well and the portions were okay. Not that i was expecting allot of food from a place like this. I'm pretty sure i will be dinning here on my future trips to LV.
2	One of the attraction of this restaurant is that it is the only restaurant that overlooks the Venetian Hotel canal from second floor.  We requested a window seat so that we could watch the gondola passing under us.  They seated us in an inside room surrounded by 3 walls.  We refused to take the table because the canal view was what attracted us to this restaurant in the first place.  The hostess then took us to a table one row away from the window.  We were told all the tables by the windows were reserved.  It wouldn't bother us if those tables were really reserved.  No, at least half a dozen tables were left empty throughout our lunch there.  Why weren't we assigned to those unoccupied tables?  Couple of the hostess assistants looked Asian to me, was it discrimination because we were fellow Asians?  Or because we had kids in our party?  I took off a couple of stars for the dishonest hostess or whatever reasons we were treated that way.The waiting service was quite good.  The meals were just mediocre.  It was a disappointment when we spent almost $150 on lunch for 2 adults and 2 kids.  I expected better food and a better view.See some photos I took from this restaurant at http://biggestmenu.com/rdr/NV/Las-Vegas/Zeffirino-Ristorante-1593639/Linguine-Vongol-34063
4	To be honest, I can't speak about the selection.  My travel companion and I purchased the Romance Package through Expedia which gave us a voucher for this meal, admission to Madame Tussaud's, and a gondola ride.But, the salmon I had was PERFECTION.  The roasted potatoes were to die for.  I had a cauliflower & asparagus soup as an appetizer that was definitely a new experience for me.  It was good. although I didn't finish in anticipation for the main course.We also had a great White Zin to accompany the salmon, and the ambiance of the restaurant was very lovely.  We didn't get seated overlooking the canal but really it was just as well... much needed quiet lunch away from the crowds.  I'd love to go back with a bit more cash in my pocket to try out the complete menu.
4	I flew in one afternoon to have dinner with my lawyer and stay for a few days on business. I arrived early and hung around in the lobby of the restaurant. Nice entrance downstairs. Casual, dark bar and lounge. Upstairs, you'll find the dining area.This is the only restaurant in the Venetian that overlooks the canals. Nice view. Lots of noise from people below and the singing gondoliers.Service was attentive as you would expect. Impressive wine selection. Sampled a glass of Petit Syrah and a bottle of Coonawara Cab/Merlot blend. Amazing wine. Very fair pricing.Fresh and sizeable steamed clams for the appetizer alongside some oysters on the half shell served extra chilled. Very clean horseradish.Lobster and Seafood linguini was tremendous.Stuffed quail quarter was very tender.Mackarel served whole, de-boned at your table, was flaky, flavourful, and very fresh.No desserts this time around. The wine was more than enough to suffice. Menu and overall selection was wide spread and didn't leave me wanting. Moderately priced and the bill was fair.
4	This is a very cozy little place.  Downstairs is a lovely, dark bar, nice to enjoy a drink or two.  upstairs are the most awesome bathrooms (should have taken a pic!) and the restaurant.    We got a seat on the "balcony" over looking the gondolas and we could hear all the pretty singing.As for the food... they had nice wine specials for $5 a glass, a merlot and pino grigio which were very good, especially for the price.  I have had much better Caesar salads.  My friend got the Chicken Parmesan and it was not very good... the dining facility at the Army hospital I work at actually makes MUCH better chicken parm than Zeffirino, and it is only $2 compared to $18.50.  Managers/cook of Zeffirino, if you are reading this, you need to change your recipe!  There is no excuse for bad chicken parm at an Italian restaurant!  On the other hand, my pasta dish was absolutely delish!  (it was the special of the day).  It was green pasta ravioli stuffed with ricotta with a creamy mushroom and watercress sauce, with little slices of zucchini in it.  Yum.  What I would do for another plate of that.  Their bread basket was also very good, especially these crispy chip things that reminded me of phyllo dough... I couldn't stop eating them. (please see pics)So, big minus stars for the crappy chicken parm and Caesar salad.  Big plus stars for the pasta and bread basket chip thingies and downstairs bar.
1	The service and ambience were excellent however the food was awful.  We ordered a $27 Fettuccine alla Bolognese described as homemade fettuccine with meat sauce.  The meal was disgusting.  My husband and I only ate a few bites before deciding to leave.  The fettuccine was not homemade and the meat sauce was awful.  I would rather pay $27 for a frozen TV dinner than eat there again.
5	Oh my GOD!!  If you are at the Venetian you must absolutely make a reservation at Zeffirino!!  You will want to call me up and thank me profusely for giving you such valuable and mouth-watering advice...believe me.I had set out with the fam in search of steak and seafood...a little surf and turf if you will...and they all wanted Italian.  Well, somehow we ended up at Zeffirino because my honey said he saw "filet medallions" on the menu...SOOOOOO not sad that we stumbled inside!  First of all, the decor is fantastic...a virtual maze will lead you upstairs to a sort of Moroccan feel of a room...complete with open windows yielding views of the painted sky outside.  You really do feel as if you are somewhere in Italy and not in a casino...The staff are all Italian...that's a plus!  And the food...THE FOOD...Holy Hell.  I had a special of filet medallions (three...and perfectly cooked...slightly crunchy on the outside and perfect pink inside!) in a fondue type sauce, topped with a light pomegranate sauce and coupled with green beans and the most delightful, crispy little potatoes. My honey had some sort of pasta tube stuffed with something and covered in a Beschamel sauce and topped with BLACK TRUFFLES!!  Yummmmm.  The sea bass in lemon sauce looked divine...As for the desserts...you won't be remiss with the hazelnut gelato, the tiramisu (which is served in a martini glass) or the white/milk/dark chocolate mousse.  So incredibly scrumptious and all the portions were just enough to fill you without making you ill.Can't tell you the overall cost as we were treated by a family member...I can tell you that my entree alone was $44 so it's not on the cheaper side by any means.  But seriously, it was worth the cost!And best part, this man and his son come around and serenade you with violins...lovely!!Great for an intimate dinner as well as for a large party!
5	I was at their Sunday brunch just two days ago (4/30/08).  All I can say is . . . superb!  It was the best service I have ever experienced in my entire life.  I am told that I am extremely picky about the food and restaurants I frequent.  Zeffirino's brunch is $55 per person and worth every single penny.  I will be returning to this restaurant and Bouchon, both of which are in the Venetian Hotel.
3	We went here last week to close out a grueling week of conference training and networking.  The place is kinda hard to find but we finally found it.  It's rather dark inside but the restaurant area is on the second floor and is somewhat narrow but nice.  They boast that it's the only 2nd floor seating in the entire Grand Canal.  Woo.We had a fixed menu since there were nearly 50 of us.  We only chose the drinks and one of three entrees.  The appetizer (radicchio, mozzarella and speck) and salad were uninspired, as was the bread and butter.  Seriously this is VEGAS, there should be like lava in the butter, or the bread should be red, or there should be a nude lady dancing on the table.  COME ON!I ordered the beef medallions.  Again, uninspired.  They were a bit salty and had a sauce on top.  And we all know truly good beef needs no sauce.  It seemed that the sea bass was the best of the three dishes.  The wine for the most part was good, but we hit a really nasty one and switched over from red to white.  The service was average, but why would you expect anything better if they've already been paid up front with a fixed menu service?The saving grace was the dessert tray.  Large 20" trays of bite-sized desserts were presented to us.  There were so many to choose from and every one that I tried was fantastic.  We all joked that it must have been brought in externally since we saw no indication of a pastry chef and the quality of dessert to the rest of the meal was complete incongruous.All in all, not impressed.  There are a bunch of other places to go in Vegas, and I'm eyeing that new Cut place in Palazzo.
3	Mediocrity in a sea of wonderful culinary delights...I would not have chosen Zefferino for a visit on my own, but went there for a large group dinner.The place is huge and the ambiance is warm, bathrooms are amazing actually, probably the best part of the place!I figured that our big party had already paid the staff because the service was not quite so fun. Snappy, unfriendly, unsmiling waiters took our orders mere seconds after we sat down. Snatched menus from under our noses, and then stood around staring at us as the big party came to a finish...when we went to the bathroom they started separating out our tables to let us know they wanted us to go. There were a few rockstars in the waiters who were helpful, but the rest...not so much.Food wise, I can't believe that this place survives in the Venetian with so many other absolutely amazing places around it. It's not like they charge less for okay food. The one good thing was the ravioli, which i'd expect out of an Italian place, but everything else was a little too salty and dry. However, was surprised that my seabass was not overcooked, so props on that since fish can be hard to get just right. Unfortunately, mini-desserts were not even worth the time or calories.The tab wasn't mine though, so I don't look a food gift-horse in the mouth, and the company was worth all the negatives, but I would have easily paid for a better meal elsewhere. Ahh well! It just set the stage for the amazing breakfast I was looking fwd to the next morning....
3	This place was very average overall. I had to go for a company group dinner.  The place is nicely decorated and ambience is very nice but food was so average.  The only thing that I was impressed with was the Huge bathrooms with your own private sink to wash your hands in with a cute towel.  The menu was decided since we had a large party:Appetizer: radicchio with mozzarella and lettuce Just tasted ok nothing that wowPasta:  Pesto Ravoli'sJust ok the sauce and Ravoli'sMain Dish:  Sea Bass or Beef MedellionsI got the Sea bass and it was pretty good and good size portions with potatoes. Fish was pretty flakey and moistDessert:A tray of miscellenous bitesize cheesecakes, chocolates, tortes, etcThey were just ok I was not wowed at all!Overall just average and I know company payed but expected a little bit nicer. Next time go elsewhere in Vegas!
2	I feel awful giving only 2 stars because the restaurant itself is awfully pretty, and our server was so incredibly sweet. However, our food was terrible! I had a caprese to start, and I have no idea how they managed to ruin it, but it was inedible. Literally every person at my table groaned when they took their first bite of their food - except one person. It's also a bit pricey, so I was surprised by how poor the food was. Boooo..
3	For the price the food should be much better.3 people cost $400.2 had lobster , 1 had pasta and 1 bottle of wine.Service was great,nice view of the canal,great decor.
4	I've been to this place twice.  The first time, I was underaged and taken here with my dad and his wife.  I took no notice to what we ordered, but I know our bill went well over 800 bucks.  My dad and his wife were big drinkers that night.  My dad recommended I try some sort of seafood dish, that I truly cannot remember the name of right now.  I think it was swordfish with lobster sauce, but I'm sure it had a fancier name.  That was spectacular, and it was the whole reason that I took my boyfriend here again a year and a half later.When we came in last summer (on my second visit), service was just as excellent as I remembered, and everything else was too.  I ordered the same dish and was completely happily.  I can't say the same for my boyfriend, unfortunately.  He chose some sort of pasta dish, even though he wanted to order the same thing I ordered.  He really didn't like it. :(  I thought it was decent, but nothing you couldn't get for a lot of cheaper somewhere else.  However, everything else we ordered here was excellent, and like I said, service was fantastic.Just... don't order pasta!!!
3	I gave this restaurant an extra star for the view of the canal. You do the math. I just find it overpriced. The ingredients were fresh and the food was good but even in Vegas I think this restaurant was too full of themselves. When the waiter talks about the restaurant's history more than the food you know you are in trouble.I had a seafood pasta that was traditional and cooked perfectly, but I could've cooked it perfectly. There was nothing unique about it. The sauce could've been out of a can for all I know. Just didn't stand out. The Chicken parm was good but someone's arm hurts in the kitchen because the chicken was so flat that you almost couldn't tell if it was veal or chicken, I guess this isn't a terrible thing. Just not traditional in my opinion (I also think I make the best chicken parm in the world). Anyways, i give the desserts 5 stars. Their pastry chef is working hard back there and the chocolate and little fancy truffles and whatevers were melt in your mouth delicious. The desserts made the meal enjoyable.What was not enjoyable, however, was the bill. Way over priced for regular old Italian food! Even for Vegas. The staff was great and they worked there ass off trying to make up for the high price tag.
4	Food, service, and ambience on this restaurant is impeccable.Having a view of the Venetian Canal is also a plus.This place is ideal for a conversational dining experience.Heard from one of the staff that celebrities regularly dine at this restaurant.  Bill could run up really high, especially if big meals and lots of drinks are ordered.  We had some appetizers (ie: calamari, fresh oysters, skewers,  ...), & a few glasses of Pinot Noir.  Also tried the  Cioppino and found it to be outstanding - the sauce & seafood mix is just perfect.  We'd come back to this restaurant  when we visit LV again.
2	Ehh, s'ok
4	had a great lunch, super service and reasonably priced
5	After a few years without dining at Zeffirino, hubby and I decided to dine in style since I hit a jackpot. WhooHoo! I have been here before and vowed to return when I could afford this gem of a restaurant again. From the moment you walk in, it's classic Italian in every sense. Beautiful decor, dark wood, great Italian music, beautiful seafood displayed at the bar and REAL Italians speaking Italian. We make our way upstairs where the dining room is and were sat promptly. Everyone was so nice and inviting. AND did I say all Italian? No kidding! There were 3 guys playing music table side which was a nice touch but I never know if I should look at them or what. It's kind of weird. Anyway, on to the dinner- I opted for a special dinner they had for $44 (I think this is a new thing since our economy is in the $#@^*(! ). It included an appetizer or salad or soup, entree, dessert and coffee. Not bad! I got the Caesar salad, heavy on the anchovy paste please. Love it! Hubby and I split the calamari and zucchini. Perfectly crisp, not greasy. A cocktail sauce and a creamy sauce were served with it. Perfect compliment. For entree I had the fotina cheese ravioli in a vodka sauce. Perfection! The pasta and sauces are made fresh and it's evident in every bite. Hubby got the veal. Juicy, crispy, just perfection! For dessert they gave me a plate of little baby cakes/pies. It was great to have a nibble of something sweet, anything more and I would have been in a food coma. The bathrooms have your VERY OWN SINK inside the stall and mouthwash. They thought of everything! I highly recommend this place if you win a jackpot or have a corporate dinner or you are really rich. Really, it's worth every penny if you can afford it.
3	My overall dining experience at Zeffirino was okay. I wasn't impress with the quality of the food at all, but that might be because I was there for lunch and ordered the $25.99 lunch special with appetizer, entree, and dessert. My seafood salad was okay. I think they were right on with serving such a small portion because if I had ate anymore I might have thrown up. I ordered some beef cube thing for the entree and it just didn't taste like anything. It was as if the chef just sprinkled some salt on and piled on a side of string beans and called it a meal. I could've done better in the kitchen with the beef. As for the dessert? Well...let's just say I preferred the gourmet candy apples and gelato sold all over the Venetian and Palazzo hotel. I give this place three stars because although the food was just okay, the service was excellent. Our waiter was attentive but didn't hover. I just hate waiters that come by every 5 minutes asking how everything is going. I just really wanted to say "it would be going better if you didn't talk to me while I'm chewing on my food." That's mean. I know. Well their business cards says "The Best of Las Vegas" but I wouldn't recommend this place for good food.
3	Food was ok. Service was decent. A bit overpriced for the food. Average Italian restaurant with average food.
4	Casinos are designed to distort the sense of time so that you will spend hours upon hours at the machines, spending your money - this is no big industry secret.  The Strip also rocks the wee hours, especially on the weekends, so there's plenty to do and see.  Fantastic!  What is absolutely NOT fantastic, however, is realizing at 11 P.M. that you haven't eaten dinner, and as a responsible Yelper and lover of snazzy food visiting one of the capitals of snazzy food, a street hot dog will not do.  Several heart-wrenching phone calls to various concierges later, the Venetian informs me that they still have three (gasp!) restaurants open, and to me, Zeffirino sounded the best, so they immediately added me to the books. And so it was that in a stroke of fate, my friend and I happened upon a really good restaurant in Vegas, and a very reasonably priced one ($100 for two people - entree for each, one drink, and an appetizer), which is great after reading Yelp reviews of other restaurants talking about dropping hundreds of dollars per person.  We were the last table seated, and they closed the kitchen before we got to dessert, but hey, that was all our fault - though it would have been nice to ask us if we wanted dessert during dinner, just in case.We started with the sea bass cake on saffron sauce as an appetizer, which was good, not too fishy but nothing too snazzy.  I had the duck, and seriously, I have never been fed so much duck on a plate in my entire life, and I was definitely very pleased with the flavors and the preparation of the dish.  My Dining Buddy had the fettuccine with seafood, which was served in a good but non-threatening tomato sauce.  The wine menu was like a novel (seriously, it had a table of contents), but I selected a very tasty cocktail (Berry Lemonade) from an extensive list of delicious-sounding mixed drinks and martinis.  Aside from the drinks, the menu, though extensive, was nothing mind-blowing from what we sampled, but all was satisfying, tasty, and reliable, even for people who aren't crazy about Italian or seafood.Especially given the late hour, the service was excellent, and our view of the waterway in the Venetian with the occasional serenading gondolier provided great atmosphere.
5	Zefferino's is just one of those places that I adore. Maybe it's because I'm obsessed with all things Italian, but I seriously look forward to eating here every time I'm in Vegas. The atmosphere in this place is incredible. The decor is so rich and romantic, and being able to overhear the gondoliers singing in the canal below really adds to the ambiance. But my real love for Zefferino's stems from the fact that they have superb food. I'm fairly certain that I've never been served a single thing that I didn't absolutely love. Okay, that's not true, there was this one petit four that was kinda wonky, but other than that everything has always been stellar, from the pasta, to the desserts, to the wines. If you eat at Zefferino's and don't absolutely love it, you may need to see a doctor because there may be something wrong with your palate.
4	What can I say?  I've only been to the bar area downstairs for dessert, light snack, drinks.  The service always great, which is rare for a strip restaurant, and so far the food I've had has been very good.  These are the reasons we keep going back.
4	The Beautiful Carin and I were in Las Vegas on business a couple of weeks ago and had a couple of free evenings. I am not much of a gambler (although Carin can put some time in at the Blackjack tables), but when dinner time rolled around I was able to get her join me (even though she was on a roll!  We were at the Venetian and decide to eat there, at Zeffirino.I guess things are little slow, because even without a reservation, we were seated immediately. They have a very nice bar and a good wine cellar (and some very nice "by the glass" selections.We started with martini's (excellent, BTW). We shared a lobster/truffle ravioli special appetizer and Carin had Capon, stuffed with Prosciutto and black truffles, and I had Mediterranean Sea Bass.Both were very good, the service was good (a little bit hovering, at times, but they were just trying to be nice), and the decor and ambiance were beautiful.The only down checks for this place come from the fact that it's in a casino, so still that smell of cigarette smoke; almost $150 for the light dinner I just described (no dessert, BTW...we had late dessert at another place) and the sort of hovering service (I just don't need to have someone inquire if everything is "wonderful" after every second bite).So, pretty good grub, but go on an expense account.
3	EXPENSIVE!!! The entire weekend in Vegas we were a group of 7 girls and each night the theme was " WoW this bill STILL isnt as much as it was at Zeffirino and the food was better". Honestly, the food was tasty but not worth $30 + for what you get. When you first walk in, its very pretty, nice patio, high ceilings and it overlooks the canal which people seem to like. We were seated on the second floor. It was like sitting in an arctic tunnel. So cold in there! We moved tables. We had a gracious waiter and the food came out fast. We each had only one dish, with good bread (olive oil and vinegar to dip into), and I think only waters were ordered. Maybe one or two glasses of wine. The bill was $380!!!! It was a bit cheesy and stuffy. Not a place for the young crowd. P.S. The bathrooms were SOOO Cute! You have your own sink in your own individual bathroom.
3	We have eaten here a couple of times over the last year, and it seems to be going down hill. The food used to be great, now it is just ok. Most recently, we ordered clams and mussels, and a marghertia-style pizza. The clams and mussels were rubbery, and the pizza dough was undercooked.The staff was friendly, and the restaurant was cool, but not sure it is worth the money.
1	My friends and I took a short trip to vegas for the food and entertainment.  We visited several restaurants with either famous chefs or great reviews, and for some reason (cannot remember who recommended it) we also went to Zeffirino one night for dinner.I arrived slightly early than everyone else and was ignored by the maitre'd as I stood in front of her, instead she walked to a small group of people eyeing the restaurant as they walk through the grand canal shops and started talking to them.  Eventually (after maybe 10-15 mins) I decided to enter on my own and sat down at the bar for a drink.  The maitre'd did not become more effective after my friend arrived and our group of 7 (or 8, i can't remember) was sat at a 5 men booth while there being only two other occupied table in the whole restaurant.  We mentioned the seat being "too cozy" and was not acknowledged.After most of our drinks were served it took another 8 requests for my friend's "hot water" to reach the table for her tea bag.  Meanwhile, we realized that the menu was rather limited with plain pasta+marinara sauce being around $20.  The disaster is just about to begin...  as a group, we ordered 6 appetizers, 3 salads, and 6 entrees to share, but it was obvious that the staff at the restaurant felt that we were cheap for not ordering enough and their attitude was absolutely horrible.  First it was the over-cooked duck that the manager insist is done medium rare,Manager,  "We DO NOT, and WILL NOT EVER serve duck cooked more than medium rare."Us, "So how would you call this? (showing him the meat)"Manager, "That is definitely more than well-done!"Us, "and we asked for MEDIUM RARE"Manager, "But We DO NOT, and WILL NOT EVER serve duck cooked more than medium rare"Us, "Er..............."Aside from the tea/hot-water problem, and the duck-problem, we seem unable to get the wait staff to provide us with the correct number of utensils throughout the whole meal.  Although they were not busy at all, with only two other tables being occupied in the restaurant, they had extreme difficulties being us 7 but not 4 forks and 7 but not 5 knifes.  The service was simply offensive.All in all, it was a horrible experience, not a single dish was memorable.  The steak was average, all the pastas were at diner level (even Olive Garden makes better stuff), the salads were nothing more than what you can get at a college dinning hall and the appetizers were so not interesting I can't recall a single thing about them.Don't go!!!!!
4	We had our rehearsal dinner at Zeffirino in the Venetian.  We found them on Yelp.  Thanks Yelps, my mother-in-law was very excited to read about the decor.  She loves everything Italian.  We chose the 49.50 Menu for dinner.  Appetizer - tomato and Mozzarella AwesomeSalad - Caesar basic white parts of lettuce, not at green as I'd like it.Dinner - Chicken Marsala warm and moist, really good mushrooms.My honey had homemade ravioli and it had that warm gooey homemade texture, that I like.  The sauce was basic marinara.  This can be a hit with the 12 year old's who are plain eaters.  The Salmon looked large, 12 ounces, I was jealous that I did not order it. They had a weird spinach muffin type cups that were a little odd, but tasted fine. They basically handle big parties and they are all about the speed and convenience of banquet parties.   The banquet lady on the phone told me that she has house wine for about 40$.  So when the wine guy approached me.  I told him to give us the house wine.  He had a bit of confusion. You you need to pick your wine, they sent over the wine director (Thanks, Gary the wine guy ) I felt bad because I just picked the cheapest. I was not paying for the party but I had to kind of handle all of the plans. The red was some Italian grape I forget, it was OK. I'm a white drinker, so the Pinot Grigio was way better . The bottles ran about 32$ to 37$. We arrived late and we were waiting in the bar for the rest of our group.  My sister-in-law called and asked me to order a kid pasta for her three-year-old.  So I went to the hostess at the downstairs front door and she told me that we could order from the bartender.  The bartender told us that we had to order from our waiter upstairs.  I went upstairs to tell the hostess that we needed a kid pasta ordered and we will have a screaming toddler arriving shortly.  She tells me we have been wondering where you were, your the first to check in, WHAT.  We checked in downstairs, a half hour ago?.  I don't understand the point of the hostess downstairs?    Lost one star for the teenage hostess that basically stands there and stares at you when you asks her questions like, "DO you have a kids Menu", and.... "Do I tell my family to follow the Canal Shoppes signs from the Valet or what are some of the signs they should follow"? I get no response. I had to find my own menu inside the door.  She just stared at me with, a look like why are you asking me for menu's and directions?Just play it safe and valet your car in front of Venetian and go straight to the concierge on your right and they will give you a map with about fifteen turns and you still get a little lost.  Eventually you will get there.  When my sister-in-law showed up, she saw a big party of 65 people walk in front of us. Also, because of the impending screams of a hungry three year old, she was ready to leave. We talked her into getting upstairs to the table, and 3 seconds later there was pasta in front of the hungry toddler. I don't think she realized that when you contract for a large party, you have to commit to a certain number of people and her dinner would have been charged. The service was impeccable, the food was warm and Delicious, the entertainment was so fun and the decor was absolutely beautiful.The violinist guys hung out with us for a long time, I realized that our "Best man", was throwing down some cash.  They also had a couple guitarist a Roy Orbison looking guy, they were so cute.The toddler had a fit and grandma took him to the bathroom.  Big couch in there, you have to see the water closet's. The servers brought the baby some ice cream into the bathroom. How sweet is that!!!Zeffirino's caters to big parties, we got a little scared thinking we better hurry and order before that big party gets ahead of us.  The place is so huge we never even saw the big party and our service was fast,  I think we had about three or four servers all over us
5	Excellent Food! We were in Vegas celebrating our Anniversary with family we all got something different and it was all very good. I got the steamed clams for an appetizer and the Seafood Risotto for my entree. SO delicous! My brother in law got the Veal and gave a taste it was very good. I cant remember what everyone else got because I was so into my own meal. Not to mention the awesome father and son on the violin. We appropriatly requested the theme to the Godfather and they kindly obliged. We had two bottles of wine that were very reasonably priced. We also purchased their CD. Great service, food and atmosphere!
4	I don't remember who I went with.I don't remember why I was even there.I don't remember what wine I had with my meal.I don't remember what appetizers we got.....All I remember are two things from that dinner.1.  Sky was very blue in the Venetian.2.  Veal chop @Zeffirino was probably one of the most finest entree I've ever had!!!I couldn't really make out what was the exact content of the sauce on the veal chop, but it was fruit based.  Marriage between this incredible sauce and cooked to perfection quality veal was beyond belief.  I would really like to try other dishes at this restaurant, but since I don't get to go to Vegas often and cuz of this veal chop, I don't think I will get to taste anything else this crazy-noisy-fancy restaurant in the Venetian has to offer.
5	Perfect. We got to vegas at 7 and were starving. Both the wife an I were craving italian, so we asked to concierge for a recommendation. He recommended Zeffirino, and off we went.We were given a nice table on the balcony with a view, and the sommelier promptly came over and helped us choose a bottle. We decided to order from the $39 full-dinner menu, both getting the Pomodoro and Mozzarella  for an appetizer (which was excellent). The pasta course (Paffutelli Zeffirino) was especially good. i ordered the Involtini di Pollo as an entree while my wife ordered the Lasagna. The portions were generous, and both dishes were great. The dessert that came afterwards was nice as well.Overall, an extremely good value for a nice dinner in vegas.
4	Time after time, Zefferino's lays it out there.  Great ambiance, excellent service and tasty food.  I entertained some business folks there and needed to bring my family to check it out.  Traditional calamari and zucchini starters were perfectly fried, not greasy and the zesty and spicy tomato sauce was usable with everything, including the great bread.  Chilean Sea Bass in lemon dill was my entree choice and it melted in my mouth with exquisite flavor!  After reading about the history of pesto in their familia, I decided to try it with linguini and my wife tried it with fettucini, both were excellent, carry mints cause the garlic will linger for a long time.  My kids ordered the seafood linguini, I had to try it and it had just the right amount of thickness of sauce, not watery and not caked on and the seafood was also cooked perfectly firm but not chewy.  We skipped dessert to catch a show at the Wynn.  I'd give this place 5 stars for quality of food, but overall the price held me back.  A great choice for special occasions.
3	Went there and the food and service were good.But I felt screwed when I saw a Pasta plate and they were charging $13.95 for it. I asked them if I could get the pasta plate and add Chicken and they said sure .....no problem.Well... the bill came and they charged me $32 for just the Friggin Pasta.I complained from the server to the Boss.He was an Asian guy that said he'd payed over $32 for pasta before...BF deal....I said that I should have been told that it was going to be 32 and not 13 and it should have been my decision to spend $32.It's a little short sited on there part.The bill was $138 dollers.. Normally I would leave about a $35 tip on that amount.I left them with no tip and saved the $35.The only one that suffers is the poor waiter.WOULD NEVER RECOMMEND ZEFFIRION'S .....IT'S A RIP-OFF!!!!!
3	Zeffirino claims to be a quintessential Venetian restaurant.  In reality, it is a quintessential Las Vegas restaurant, which happens to be located at the Venetian Hotel.  Zeffirino is so concerned with maintaining it's fake upscale, fake Italian image, that it almost forgets to pay attention to the food.  Yep, you heard me: the food is an afterthought here.  If you don't believe me, check out their website, which is dedicated to the decor more than the menu.Don't get me wrong, the decor here is top notch.  Second floor dining with giant balcony windows, overlooking the hustle and bustle of the Grand Canal is very impressive.  The restaurant affords amazing people watching opportunities.  What could be better than watching hordes of beautifully dressed men and women parade on the "street" below you?  Before you even get to the second floor, you find yourself in a giant library on the first floor.  Antique furniture, a piano, vases - the place looks and smells like Ron Burgundy's apartment in Anchorman.  By the time you get to the second floor, you expect to have a dining experience of your life.Our waiters definitely valued form over substance as well.  Clad in tuxedos and looking very refined, they evoked feelings of reverence and respect.  Sadly, I may have overestimated them.  I realize I was in Las Vegas and not particularly dressed up, but it was no excuse for snooty attitude and mild ambivalence.  I have a piece of advice for Mr. Waiter at Zeffirino's: don't just assume, OK?  I'll put up my food knowledge against yours any time, any day.  Your attitude was insulting and uncalled for, as was your inability to read people.  If you really had been a waiter for that long, you would have been able to recognize a knowledgeable customer. Now, on to the meal itself.  We had a $39 four-course prix fixe menu, which is what brought us out to Zeffirino in the first place.  As is the case in many restaurants, I had to ask for the prix fixe, since it wasn't brought out to us.  They did bring us bread, olive oil and olive spread, all of which we really enjoyed.  We asked for "more bread and more spread" a couple of times, and the busboy promptly brought it for us.I started with a Caesar salad which wasn't exciting.  Perhaps, it's my fault for ordering a boring salad, but it definitely wasn't my fault said salad was really bland.  The second course was standard, a plate of ravioli.  The ravioli was prepared al dente, and was easily the best part of the entire meal.  My third course, chicken parmigiana, was pretty bland and very forgettable.  I swear, I've had better dishes at the Olive Garden.  Finally, the dessert course consisted of unlimited coffee or tea, as well as 3 tiny (size of a postage stamp) pieces of tiramisu, cheesecake and carrot cake.  As was the case with each of the courses, the presentation was great, but the food was barely aspiring to mediocrity. That said, any restaurant in Las Vegas that has a $39 prix fixe, welcomes walk-ins at 8 pm on a Saturday night, and gives you a table overlooking the upscale mall deserves at least 3 stars.  The next time I am hungry and reservation-less in Sin City, I might end up at Zeffirino again.
4	The bf and I were at the Venetian for a convention, we decided to take a break and headed over to the shops to sit down and take a break. We just happened to walk by Zeffrino, and headed to the bar. The decor is pretty nice in here, large bar area and some comfy lounge chairs too in a dimly lit environment, which can be useful in Vegas for several reasons! I want to say it was 2:00 or 3:00pm on Sunday, but the bartender said it was Happy Hour... if you SAY SO! I got my standard Cosmo, the bf a Bloody Mary, tasty and generous w/ the vodka ;)  They also offer little bowls of mini pretzels, an unexpected bonus. We sat there, relaxed, watched some pre-season football on their TVs and enjoyed. VERY reasonably priced, I think w/ my bf's second round, the bill came out to be less than $25. I didn't try the food, but after receiving great service here, I'll definitely come back for lunch or dinner next time I'm in Vegas.
4	We were staying at The Venetian and as part of our package received a coupon for this place.  That made me a bit skpetical but we heard good things and thought we should check it out.  WOW!  What a great dining experience from the food to the service to the view overlooking the canal and gondolas below.  We all had a different meal and everyone loved their dinner.  The wine list is extensive and the service was top notch.  The other interesting thing is that Zeffirino has probably one of the nicest, cleanest and most well-equipped bathrooms I have ever seen in a restaurant!  Seems weird to note this but they actually received an award for it.  I highly recommend Zeffirino for a lovely dining experience next time you are in Las Vegas!
4	After a long trek which seemed like 40 days and 40 nights from the Monte Carlo all the way to the Venetian, my friend and I were feening for a boughie brunch over at Bouchon only to be disappointed that they were closed.  At this point we were tired from all the walking, and our appetites only grew while being led through the maze that is the Venetian. Then we came across Zefferino's and noticed they had a great lunch special for 2/ $25 per person. Sold! For a pretty affordable restaurant it was quite empty and getting a rock star table to overlook the man made gondolas was easy breezy. As most people had mentioned in their reviews, they were a quite bit disappointed in the quality of food.  It's definitely above par but definitely wasn't the greatest Itallian food I've had in my life. In spite of that, I still loved it.  My chicken was juicy and beautifully seasoned and I ate the shit out of it. Sure, I was hungry, but I wouldn't have eaten anything that was nasty. What makes this establishment stand out is their friendly and attentive staff that waits on each of their guests hand and foot.  On top of that, the ambiance of the restaurant was private, dim, romantic, and dreamy.  While dining it didn't feel like I was in the middle of a busy shopping center/ hotel.  And of course, there's that pimp view that can't be beat.
3	Encapsulation: Okay Italian in a very pleasant setting.Passing through the Palazzo, we were directed to the restaurant by a woman who appeared to be from the House of Medici - a surreal tableau common for Vegas, but exciting to the giddy hillbilly in me nonetheless.  As with most things in Vegas these days, the place was empty, so we got catbird seat overlooking the perpetual dusk of the Venetian shopping mall, complete with singing gondoliers in the background.  It reminded me of the pleasant escape of that restaurant inside Pirates of the Caribbean: a calming respite from the noisy crowds just a few feet away.   The decor inside enhanced the elegant feel, with rich antique furniture and fixtures.  During the meal, musicians wandered from table to table, keeping us entertained.I opted for the prix fixe dinner menu for $40, which opened with a so-so crusty bread and pleasant olive tapenade, followed by an okay plate of fried calimari, nicely flavored and textured ravioli, and an decent Chicken Marsala.  Dessert was a bit of a letdown, consisting of three bite-sized (for a very small-jawed creature, perhaps a diminutive early hominid, which, despite appearances,  I am not) and forgettable cakes.  I'm sure they would have been nicer than the petit fours in a Hickory Farms Christmas gift box, but I couldn't get a good taste of the damned things, they were so small.I've breezed over the meal by design - the star of this place is the setting.  The only flaw in the movie set was a hole in the napkin.Service was very good, with very little wait between courses.  Being part of the 5:00 pm senior citizen crowd, they waitstaff knew we were there to eat and were not going to keep us from the Murder She Wrote marathon starting at 6pm.Would I return?  Probably not, with so many other otherworldly experiences in Vegas to try.
5	Bathroom is pretty!  Dont forget to check it out!  Lunch was only $20 and it was a full course... very good deal!..  The food was pretty good, i love pasta....
2	Tip:  They have a Price Fix menu and specials, but do not give you either menu.  Ask for it.  After a few days of usual Vegas eateries and the card flippers outside (seriously... does that actually work?), we decided to have a nice quiet sit Italian dinner on our last night.  A friend picked this spot after walking around a bit.At first glance, this is really a beautiful spot.  Great decor, nice views overlooking the grand canal, and a great spot overall.  That is where being impressed stopped though.Vegas was still pretty busy, being this was the Monday after Super Bowl.  We had reservations, and had to wait for about 5 minutes before our table was ready.  Walking in though, there were barely any tables taken.  That made me scratch my head a bit, and I hate when they do that.To the important part here... the food.  First off, they messed up my first Martini and put blue cheese olives in it (Blue Cheese is my kryptonite).  The next one they brought had ice chips (huge pet peeve).  Whatever... on to dinner.  The waiter recommended large apps for our large group (looking around at our massive table of 6 I was quite confused).  Whatever... if the others wanted it fine.  Calamari, cold cuts and mozz, etc.  They were good.  They better be... I didn't even want to look at what they charged for it all.  The $11 Caesar salad was pitiful.  For that price you sure as hell better be making it fresh tableside.  Obviously, it was not.  As mentioned before, there is the Price Fix menu and a specials menu.  We definitely got some attitude when asking for it though.  It was becoming very clear why this place was not busy.  The economy still is not great, and this place is no deal.  For the main entrees, everything was good.  Maybe I just judge all Italian food by what I get in NYC... but this was really nothing special (especially considering the prices).  I had some ravioli, which for $29 the 12 small ravioli just were not worth it.  By the way, we did not order off the special menus obviously.By this point I was done.  Again, nothing really offensive here but the prices.  A friend did order the tiramisu as he "had to have it", and afterwards regretted it (especially for the price), as it was some custard in a martini glass.  Very odd.  I think everyone enjoyed the meal though, but hell, I was the one paying for it.My advice would be to save some money and try elsewhere.  The place is beautiful, and at  1/2 the price I would rate this as 4 stars easy.  But walking out around $100 per person with tax and tip just was not worth the money.  And one more thing that made me laugh... in the men's bathroom they had the attendant who was not there (but the bowl of tips was out).  What made me laugh more though was the cologne selection... a couple I never heard of, and then and Axe body spray.  REALLY people?  Axe body spray?
4	What an experience.  Our table of 9 had two autentic Italian hotties serving us, a wonderful serenading band around us and Rome-inspired delicacies. The missing star is due to the outrageous prices of the regular menu items and wines.  However, take into account it is Vegas.I snacked on the Tenderloin Medalions and drifted off to Italian heaven.  The canoli is also worth noticing, mainly for it's beautiful presentation (sugar glass strands encased it), but also for the taste.buona appetito!
4	Favoloso!  Most definitely my first thought when reminiscing on my Zeffirino visit recently.We dined with a large group and you would have thought we were a group of two!  Zeffirino's staff is attentive and offer a WOW factor.  Anytime I thought of something, their staff seemed to have provided it already.Service is key to making guests happy, but the food will get them to return.  And I'll definitely return!  The food was quickly brought to our table, well presented and flavorful.  I expected slow service for being a "high class" restaurant in Vegas and was thrilled when our menus were taken and food replaced them. Make sure to take a trip to the lou at Zeffirino.  It's not your typical restroom; each stall has separate stool and sink, with mouthwash added just in case.  And the attendant will happily open each door for you.
1	My girlfriend and I checked out this place for dinner as we were walking through the shops at the Venetian.  The place looks nice, with it's Italian style patio.  We were in a hurry so we decided to check it out.  Upon sitting, we looked at the menu and got our waters.  The menu looked good, and the wine list was extensive.  However, the wine was way overpriced.  We ordered a glass of wine each.  Both tasted terrible.  So, on to dinner.  We had the seafood risotto and the spaghetti bolognese.  Bother were attrocious.  Neither of us to finished our plates.  We were less-than-stoked when the bill arrived.  We had spent $120 on a dinner that is worse than Bucca di Bepo.  Next time we're going to do some more research on restaurants.
1	This place is an overpriced attempt at Italian food. Poor service, stuck-up waiters, who never asked how the entrees were. Then the uppty waiter walked by and took my wifes' plate without asking if she was through.  That was our Valentines dinner. Then we talked to the manager, who stated that because of the recession they were understaffed and overworked. NOT OUR PROBLEM.  I will never go back.
5	Perfect from start to finish!  One of the best business meal experiences I've ever had.  Our waiter was authentic and had a great dry wit.  One of our guests is a vegan and asked for a "unique" dinner item off the menu and the Zeffirino team did not miss a beat - they gave our guest exactly what he asked for, even teasing him a bit in good nature.The food, ambiance and personality of the staff made this a great experience.  This restaurant is ideal for everything from romantic dinners to large business functions.  The restaurant is very large but the design offers intimacy to each diner.  The pricing is modestly expensive but still a good value given the exceptional food and experience.The restaurant is tucked away in the Canal Shops, a short walk from The Pallazzo or Venetian.  Strongly recommended
2	Eight bucks for "natural water"? Need I say more? The service was all right. The food, ok, but tiny portions. I'm not a big eater at all and I went and got a snack right after we ate.
5	I wanted to try a high end brunch while in Vegas so it was between the Sterling Brunch and Zeffirino.  I chose Zeffirino because I was staying at the Palazzo and it was slightly cheaper then the Sterling Brunch.  The restaurant is in the Grand Canal Shoppes at the Venetian.  The room itself is upstairs overlooking the Canal.  It has the feel of an Italian villa.Like the Sterling Brunch, Zeffirino offers unlimited champagne.  I don't remember the brand but I frankly didn't care.  This brunch doesn't offer your typical breakfast fare but what they did offer was fine food with a decidedly Italian flair.  Offerings included a bunch of different cured meats, pastas, and all different  types of salads.  However the real reason I was there was for the unlimited lobster.  They were chilled whole lobsters split in half.  They weren't warm but they were still extremely tasty.  Other offerings included freshly shucked oysters and clams, P&D shrimp cocktail and lobster claws.  Other excellent offerings included Chateaubriand and lamb chops.  The sea bass was delicious as well as all the pasta offerings.  They do offer omelets made to order.  The accompaniments for the omelets are somewhat slim but what they did have was absolutely done right.  I ordered and spinach and onion omelet and it was fluffy and flavorful.  Desserts were ok.  Offerings seemed somewhat limited but in all honesty by the time I got to dessert, I could barely move I was so full.Service was excellent from start to finish.  The wait staff made sure that your champagne glass was always filled to your desire as well as offering bloody marys.  Plates were cleared in a timely fashion and the wait staff was always there to fill your needs including taking oyster orders and omelet orders.  However they were not overbearing.  I was reading the Sunday NY Times and spent over 2 hours there but never felt rushed to leave.  Granted they weren't packed but they were very accommodating.Overall an excellent experience.  Not for those looking for typical breakfast fare at brunch but it is for people who want a unique dining experience.
2	Beautiful old world-style space that reminded me of the real Venice in every way...including the overpriced and tasteless food. Portions were fairly small. I had a mixed green salad, which was passable, but not at all worth $11, and the lobster and scallops in some kind of tomato sauce, at $38. It was artfully arranged but the sauce was just rather plain tasting --- no depth at all. A tiny fork was provided for getting meat out of some of the lobster shell (some meat was pre-shelled) but the pieces with shell were soaked in sauce, making it impossible to use. As others have echoed, the service was snooty and unfeeling, though not exactly bad --- everything was served promptly. In general it felt overpriced and not worth the money. Go to Gaylord's instead.
4	This place had wonderful service! That's why I put 4 stars here, the service was outstanding and they always kept us happy, I believe I just had their fine dining lunch special and it was great, the dessert and coffee were a great mix, and I don't even drink coffee at all.
4	I've never been to any fine dining restaurants because they are often too expensive and you don't get your moneys worth.  However, a few vegas trips ago my friend recommended this place and their lunch special.  For like $20 you get a 3-4 course lunch and it tastes good and is filling.
3	UGH!!! So pissed after eating here. I don't know if it was who I went with or what but I was NOT feeling this food. I was so mad as I coughed up 30+ bucks and my chicken was dry and my mashed potatos were watery yulk!! I am not a fine dining person anyway but damn cheesecake factory has better Chicken Madera than this place cmon!! The ambiance and the service were great on a positive note. So I basically paid for ambiance. Beauty is in the eye of the beholder so I say check it out for yourself you may like it who knows!
4	Yummers!  Other than a few weddings I have only ever had cocktails and apps here, but yum!  With the piano and location it can be busy, get here early for happy hour.
4	A bit pricey at $175 for two but we did order a $65 bottle of wine--mostly because there weren't any that were much cheaper.  The food was very good and the service was excellent.  We both got pasta dishes off the specials menu and they were excellent.  Also got two salads that were good but a little small for the price ($11, I think).  My one complaint is that they ask "sparkling or natural" for water and if you say natural, they bring an $8 bottle of water.  Next time, I'll ask for tap!  The restaurant itself is very beautiful and has great ambience.
5	If I could give 10 stars for this place, I would. I make SURE to dine here every time I am in Vegas and make sure to recommend other friends do the same. I can only rate their 4 course lunch menu as that is normally what I have. Everything from the food, to the service is beyond amazing.  The apps included are the perfect size, my personal favorite is the seafood salad dish (can't remember what it's actually called). The Entree's have yet to let myself or anyone in my party down. I don't even like desert but the mini cakes that come with are to die for and ALWAYS have me both wanting more and feeling greatful they only give you  mini ones (girls gotta fit into her Vegas hoe-wear after all). Finally, the coffee, absolutely delectable. I have yet to encounter a dish, or an employee here that I haven't been 100% pleased and can't wait to visit again next month.
4	Fettuccine al Granchio, Astice e Gamberi: Homemade fettuccine with crab, lobster, and shrimp with a touch of tomato sauce, $38-Wow, this was excellent. Fresh seafood, fresh tasty sauce, fresh pasta. Pricey, but absolutely delicious.Tiramisu, $12-They serve a small portion in this cone-shaped glass and it was some of the best tiramisu I've ever had. Perfectly soaked lady fingers, not too sweet, light and airy mascarpone and Zabaglione. Would have liked more tiramisu, but the quality is excellent!-My mom got the Chocolate Mousse and that was excellent as well.Decor is very nice and overlooks the Venetian "canal." Romantic setting, with fiddlers playing in the background. You can ask them to play any tune you want (for a tip, of course); they even know the Chinese butterfly concerto! Prices are steep, but what do you expect from Vegas? Quality is excellent.
5	Ohhh this place is soooo good. Had an interview in the Venetian and wanted to find a quiet place to do some work and eat a nice lunch beforehand, and was immediately drawn to their $19.95 three-course lunch special that served vegetarian dishes. I was intrigued, and I went in to enjoy a pricey lunch. Pricey, but worth it most definitely. I was taken to the second floor and sat myself in a more well-lit corner. The decor was so pretty and very classy but still had a comfortable quality to it. I had some of the best service I have ever received from a restaurant here. They weren't particularly busy, but even after I paid my check they kept coming back to ask if I wanted fresh hot water for my tea. Superb service where I did not have to ask for anything, and they actually went above and beyond. For my first course I had the soup of the day, which was a vegan lentil soup. It was a sizable portion and was very good, and I scarfed it down more quickly than intended. My second course I savored every little bite. I ordered cheese ravioli in a fettuccine sauce with truffle oil. The truffle oil in this dish really took it over the top, in a good way. The mix of cheesy flavors with that hint of truffle oil is absolutely divine. It's not a huge dish, but it does satiate you well enough. The final course I had hot organic mint tea with three little pastries. I don't know what they were really but they were like little bites of heaven! One was a tiny nut brownie, the other was some sort of soft, chocolate ball of deliciousness, and the last one was a cup of maybe custard with a strawberry on top with strawberry sauce on the plate. SO good. The service, the ambiance, the food, even the bathrooms - all swanky and amazing. (Seriously, they have mouthwash in the bathrooms with your own personal sink and vanity. Way cool!) When I get a job I will definitely be back here. This is a lunch you don't plow through even though they do pace it very nicely. This is something to savor and take your time with, and enjoy conversation while overhearing the gondola singers below. Romantic and wonderful, and I felt like I was in Europe and not on the Vegas strip. A+ all around, I will definitely be back to enjoy another afternoon of pure bliss at Zeffirino.
2	This is a review of their lunch prix fixe menu.The Skinny: small serving sizes, unappetizing entrees - I've had better chicken parm out of the frozen food aisle (2) service - subpar - I have to ding them for not disclosing the additional cost of soda refills (2) value - 2 small glasses (@ maybe 1/4 a can at most per serving) of diet pepsi $6, plus poor entrees for $20 = (1).We came here for lunch as we were perusing the uber-expensive shops at the Venetian and Palazzo. Overlooking the faux St.Marks, the decor in this restaurant is wonderful. Love the mosaics, the luxurious bathroom, and the tapestries on the wall. If only the food and service could live up to the ambience.The bread service was okay - some pieces were dried out from being pre-cut for too long. The bread was served cold and with pads of butter which is an odd pairing considering you're at an Italian restaurant (balsamic and oil, please!)My hubby and I ordered the caesar salad, the mixed fried calamari and zucchini, the chicken parm with linguine and the cheese ravioli alfredo with truffle oil.When the waiter wheeled out our food covered in cheap stainless steel domes from room service, I knew we were in trouble.The lettuce in the caesar was wilted from sitting in the dressing for too long. It was too mayonaise-y and loaded with stale croutons. My husbands fried calamari and zucchini was not much better - greasy, soggy with a poor batter.I was surprised at how bad my chicken parmigiana was. The batter was not crispy at all while the breast meat was dry. I'm serious - I've had frozen chicken parm that was better. The linguine was okay but too heavy on the marinara.Cheese ravioli was poor - the layer being too thick and the ricotta totally one note. It's very similar to the fresh pasta you can get from the supermarket. The pasta was swimming in the alfredo sauce which was okay but not fantastic (even with the truffle oil). Serving size is very small considering the cost of the entree (see the pics - four supermarket sized ravioli).Dessert was served - a strawberry mousse with some sort of ?pistachio cake, a chocolate brownie, and a small fruit tart. None of these items are worth a return visit for.Finally, a word of warning. I ordered a Diet Pepsi along with my lunch. Later on in the meal, the waiter asked if I wanted a refill. Seeing as how my glass totally filled with ice and would contain maybe 50 cc. of soda, I agreed. He did not disclose that the refill would cost an additional $3, plus the soda did not arrive until dessert (he asked if I wanted a refill with the starters).So due to the service issues and the lackluster level of cuisine, this place gets a 2 star rating.
5	Zeffirino's/TiaTorreto was easily the best meal I had in Vegas.  Ate here for dinner with the hubbs.  I had the salmon and he had the lasagna.  Both were absolutely DEELISH.  I couldn't decide which plate to eat from.  Also had a couple glasses of vino which complimented the meal perfectly.  The hubbs had a chai tea which he raved about.  I'm not a fan, so I didn't bother to taste.  Service was A+.  If you're near the Venetian, check it out! You won't be disappointed!!
2	Zeffirino was okay to me, the atmosphere and decor was beautiful, overlooking the Venetian Hotel canal, but you definitely are charged a pretty penny for it.  Food was just okay-- there is a "Special" menu and has items under $20.00/plate that are good, but you have to be choosy. The grilled seabass was definitely the best way to go, comes with steamed broccoli and a nice piece of fish. The ragu on the ravioli looked just like that... Ragu. $17.00 for 4. Okay, but i'll pass. Had better at Trader Joe's.  If you want good Italian, your better bet would be Maggiano's, the menu is more extensive and tasted better for the cost, but again, the location is definitley what you are paying for at Zeffirino.
3	Neat little place in the middle of the Grand Canal Shoppes in the Venetian. Nothing special, but they have great HH food specials. I just had some calamari and a glass of water. I sat in the bar area and the bartender was very nice and chatty. I looked at the menu, and it was a little pricey for stuff that didn't seem all that great.
2	It was expensive, pretentious and just a fair meal.  There were 6 of us and every dinner ordered the waiter said "oh that is the best one" - it was heavy and presentation was just ok.  I preferred Olives at the Belagio, Mesa Grill at Cesears, Lupos at Mandalay Bay and Nuvos at the Palms.
2	this place was just not good. I give it 2 stars for the decor and bread. First off, the food is expensive and you do not get what you paid for. I ordered a pasta dish with tomato sauce and diced up buffalo mozzarella. I knew i ordered a plain dish since i was in the mood for simplicity, however the dish wasnt great. It was too plain, no flavor what so ever. $27 for a dish you didnt even enjoy is a waste. Overall, I was just not impressed with this restaurant.
5	Thanks Yelp!  Without the reviews, my bf and I wouldn't have stopped here.  Great atmosphere sitting up on the balcony overlooking the gondola ride and canal.  We came around 3:30pm and were seated right away.  Bread was good - hot out of the oven.  We both ordered off the prix fix menu for $19.95 each and were SO happy with our meals.  I was psyched to learn that they had one of my favorite Rieslings by the glass (2003 Dr. Loosen) for only $5.  Our server Georgio said they recently won an award for their caesar salad and I found out why.  It was creamy, not overly garlicky like most are.  I've never been so excited about a salad.  I had the cheese ravioli as my main course and it was fantastic.  The flavor of the truffles came through very well without being over-powering.  The service was attentive and Georgio went above and beyond and made it a very pleasant visit. The bathrooms were clean and had their own sink inside each stall.  We are going back here again this week - can't recommend it enough!
4	I can't say we(the boyfriend and I) picked this place for any particular reason other than location. We stayed at the Venetian, and it was the restaurant directly outside our elevator. I was starving and it was right there! So we walked up to the hostess with no reservation and were promptly seated. We had to take an elevator to the 2nd floor and were sat by the open wall/window (we're on the first floor of a hotel and the 2nd floor of the restaurant - inside yet sitting on a "patio" with a view of the outside? Only in Vegas). We had a really nice view of the canal and gondola rides. We ordered the prix fixe dinner and it was delicious. All small portions but enough that you walk out completely satisfied but not to the point you can't walk because your  bursting at the seams. The waiter recommended a Merlot with my meal, that I really enjoyed. My favorite was the asparagus soup and pesto raviolis, the fried calamari was really good too. It came with dessert and coffee, the dessert could have been larger but oh well. They were like 4 teeny little bite size pieces. Overall they had great service, great food, great atmosphere. Super romantic and relaxing, a nice escape from the hectic Vegas we all know.
4	11/04/2009: My boyfriend & I had a great experience. This place is unique because it is completely inside, however it has a great view of the Venetian canals & it really feels like you are eating out on a veranda in Venice!! I also loved the violinist that played for us.
5	The service and ambiance here alone warrants a 5 star review.  the whole time I had been in Vegas with my family we had been drawing odd glances from restaurant staff because we were always talking in 3 languages.  we get here and both of the waiters that helped us spoke english, spanish, and italian, which made the group feel right at home.  Great wine recommendations, pesto pasta was delicious.  To be perfectly honest this wasn't the best Italian food I've had, but I would certainly rank it highly among places I've been outside of Italy. This place doesn't try and pretend to be top notch luxury fine dining.  It's professional and elegant while retaining a warm and sincere feel of Italian hospitality.  Totally forgot to add that there is a great cocktail bar downstairs too.  Drop in if youre in Vegas!
3	The interiors are beautiful, wine is great, the soup was excellent but not many vegetarian options. That disappointed me. On the whole as far as the entree is concerned I have had better Italian!! :(
1	For a $400 dinner for four, I expect service to be pretty remarkable. Yet service at this overrated, on-the-canal-in-the-Venetian restaurant was so inattentive it was nonexistent. Our starters arrived before our cocktails. Our wine arrived halfway through our dinners (I believe he forgot it.)Our check didn't arrive until we flagged down our waiter.The food? All right. I live in Chicago - a city with hundreds of palate-pleasing eateries - and I've had better Italian down the road from my apartment. The standout was the caprese salad - the mozzarella had an almost air-like mouthfeel. Very nice. Other than that - overpriced seafood (shrimp and lobster) that bordered on chewy and bland. Many people rave about Zeffirino's lunch prix fixe menu - if that's where the value and experience lay, then so be it. But for dinner - I wouldn't take anyone back here. I've had better service at a Denny's.
1	Awful.7 of us ate dinner there last weekend. You'd think an Italian restaurant that charges these prices would be able to cook pasta properly, alas no.Like a lot of Vegas, the food and service just can't justify the premium prices charged.The glowing reviews others have written here amaze me.
1	How difficult can it be to cook Italian - especially at the Venetian of all places? well the answer is apparently VERY difficult.I can only speak for myself - out of a table of seven, but Im sure you'll find similar comments from those that ate there with me.The antipasta was Ok - Throw on a few olives, add a touch of ham and Mozzerrella for authenticity, and wait for it - here is a top tip in order for you to charge tripple what the average Joe restaurant would charge - serve it on a silver platter.For the main course i waited in anticipation of Linguine Gamberi....I wish I had continued to wait. Insipid, tasteless, and overpriced - twenty seven bucks to boil some pasta and reheat a watery tomato sauce. Whats more the scallops were, if Im not mistaken, frozen and reheated - no colourisation, nothing. No seasoning - awful.  Thank god for the overpriced drinks so I could drink myself into oblivion and pretend that this was but a nightmare.One plus point - hence the star - is the interior - but what would you expect in Vegas. Summary, all show no substance
3	Don't be confused by the menus posted out front... those are for the ground-level restaurant, and upstairs is a different (and more expensive) joint.It's a pricey place, but there are some reasonable "specials," which are affordable and PLENTY big enough for a full meal (don't let the waiter tell you otherwise - ours made them sound like tiny appetizers, but they were LARGE pasta plates).Food is good but nothing spectacular.  Atmosphere... well, the same.  Though the tables overlooking the canal looked nice.
3	This restaurant is located in the Grand Canal Shoppes in the Venetian. Me and my friends happened to be hungry and passed by to see a cheap lunch menu and decided to try this place out.Ended up they don't have specials and tried to gouge money from us. One of my gullible friend fell for the water trap of having natural water costing $8 for each bottle and they brought us a few bottles.Despite this, the lunch set menu is worth the try as the food quality was good and the deco within the store is amazing. I had a good experience overall and appreciated the dining experience.
5	OMG. Last nights dinner at Zeffirino's was one of my top 5 dinners ever. It hit on all cylinders - Service, quality, atmosphere, unique, wine list, etc. (see photo's on my profile)It was just the 2 of us and we ran across this place while wandering around the canal shops at the Venetian around noon. We asked to take a look inside prior to making a dinner reservation and fell in love with the atmosphere upstairs. We made a reservation and requested a table overlooking the canal but they could not guarantee it. We came back at 6. We checked in and made our way upstairs. The anticipation for a canal side table was giving me butterflies as they led us to our table......TA DA sitting on the railing upstairs overlooking the canal. Now the important part - Time to deliver. Our waiter was Ben (assisted by 3 others) he helped pick out a nice wine (my requirements were Italian Red, bold, unique and under $100) He consulted with 2 others and they came back with a very nice Sangiovanese(?) reserve for $75. It was deelish! We went with the calamari appetizer - very good. Did I mention we were overlooking the canal. It was soooo romantic. We have been married 23 years and both loved the setting, the sounds of the singers drifting up, the view.......Very special. The service was attentive and prompt. Our waiter asked us our likes and dislikes and made suggestions and we went with it. My wife had the Sea Bass and I had a seafood pasta dish. The presentation of each meal was great. The sea bass arrived on a plate with half a lobster (in shell) tucked behind it. We did not know this when ordering and thought they brought out the wrong dish but there was the sea bass sitting in front under a topping of thinly sliced leeks. My dish was a split lobster (in shell) with a pile of linguine noodles in the middle, topped with scallop, shrimp,clams, mussels and other goodies. (see photos on my profile). No dessert, too full. Everything was great. I sum it up this way - Would I go back? YES! The good - Atmosphere, service, wine, food, selection, overall experience. The bad - only 1 scallop on my dish, prices a touch high but worth it.
2	Went here for a birthday dinner during a girls only weekend in Vegas. What a perfect place to go to with a bunch of girls surrounded by cute servers and bus boys! The menu is in Italian with English descriptions of the meals. You really have to take your time to read it (unless of course you can read and understand Italian). The portion sizes are large enough for sharing which is perfect for keeping a high cost meal on the cheaper side.The whole experience and food was great but if I'm back in Vegas, and craving Italian, I'll explore my options a lot more.
5	We started the meal off with salad. The only time I get to eat seafood is when we go out, so of course I ordered the Salmon. Yum :) I cant remember what my hubby got, I think he got the chicken marsala, but he liked his food, and my siste-in-law got the chicken marsala too, although I cant remember what everyone else got, everyone was satisfied. A little on the pricey side, but it was good. We ended up sitting in the so-called "patio" area that was overlooking the grand canal. We ended up going on the gondola ride after dinner, so it worked out pretty good :) I love Vegas... theres always a little bit of everything!
3	The restaurant is absolutely gorgeous! The decor was breathtaking and very romantic. We had a party of 20 people and sat upstairs but unfortunately not near the canal. The service was exceptional! The Italian pinot grigio kept flowing. The waiters were readily available to answer questions and overall super attentive. The appetizers: calamari, caprese salad and Affettato di Salumi Misti were all delicious. For the entree I had the homemade saffron pasta with lobster. I was a bit disappointed with the dish because the lobster was over cooked. The homemade pastas are all highly recommended. We pre-ordered a cake for the celebration and it was an Italian cake with strawberry mousse filling. I was very impressed by the service given that we had such a large party. I will definitely consider coming back to this restaurant.
2	Over priced. The only cool part was the location of the restaurant. If the Olive Garden is the best Italian restaurant in your home town, then you will probably think this is the best place you have ever been too. If you do not want to deal with off the boat Italian servers who give you bad service and complain (right in front of you) when you give them a 20% tip, then go somewhere better.
5	The ambience was awesome and the seafood entree was too good. Definitely recommend this place.
5	Excellent top notch restaurant!!   Delicious food, huge portions, beautiful ambiance inside the venetian hotel .... you'll definitely get your money's worth.  My favorite restaurant in las vegas.  Loved it!!!
2	When we were led upstairs we enjoyed the ambiance. Inside seemed very authentic.  To start out they gave us bread and our drinks.  Was a little disappointed their was no oil and vinegar for the bread (or even butter).  When we asked the lady for some oil and vinegar, she didn't say anything or even smile when we asked.  Once the food came out it looked great.  Was tasty; nothing too special about it though; could tell they used basic cheap sauce (shrimp Risotto).  Over all the food was good.  When the bottle of wine was brought, out he poured about 4 drips in the glass.  Not even close to enough even tell if it's ok or not; also didn't offer the cork to look at.   Once he poured the wine he put way too much in. Very disappointing seeing they don't even know how to pour wine.  Also about an hour after we ate, all three of us got sick.Overall:Food 3/5Ambience 5/5Service 2/520-30 dollar plates.
5	We had just lot a lot of money at the Venetian and were looking for a cheapish place to eat. We accidently walked into this restaurant thinking it was the place next door. And it was FANTASTIC. We had the complete meal with the Sea Bass and prime rib.. both were very very good. The pasta dish was Ravioli stuffed with veal and fruit with a pesto sauce.
4	We had a great experience. The food tasted great, the service was on point and the prices were very reasonable. The restaurant is lovely, this is a very romantic spot. You can request to be seated by the canal where you can see and hear the gondoliers singing to their passengers. The ordered from the lunch menu - appetizer or salad, entree and dessert and coffee for $22.99. We had the: -Calamari and fried zucchini- very good -Beef carpaccio- nice but could have had a more flavor -Veal ravioli - very good -Beef medallions with vegetables and polenta - FABULOUS! The beef was very tender, everything on that plate was absolutely delicious. -Assorted desserts, served with coffee. We loved being there and enjoyed the food. It was a great deal and we were very satisfied with the food and service.
3	The decor was beautiful, so romantic with intimate lighting, gorgeous wood panels, flowers, etc. We really wanted to be able to sit at the edge of the second floor to see the canal, but those tables only sat two and we were a larger group. I got the Purple Passion to drink and it basically tasted like a grape ice pop with vodka, which wasn't bad but not really my favorite drink in the world.I split the fettuccine al granchio ($42) with crabmeat, shrimp, and a half 1 1/2 lb lobster and it was delicious. Definitely tasted like homemade pasta and the portion was perfect to split for two people that weren't that hungry. I feel the pricing for everything (fish, meat) were very reasonable, but the pastas were a bit on the expensive side. The dessert was AMAZING! I ordered the Affogato which is vanilla ice cream with espresso, and it was definitely the most delicate "coffee ice cream" I've had...it was to die for.The service here was very good and they were all pretty much Italian which made the place seem more authentic. con- It took a bit of a journey to find the bathroom, and beware that the doors are really heavy.
1	Very disappointing.  Our group of four ordered salads, tofu ravioli, seafood linguine and seafood risotto.  OK at best.  Nothing was actually good and it was fairly expensive.  I don't know how this place stays in business.  I suppose people like the location and the old look and feel, but I will certainly not be back.
1	Waiter was very attentive and service was generally very good.  I am NOT a "foodie" and, as such, am rarely disappointed with a meal; however, this was an unexpected exception.  Perched overlooking the grand canal, Zeffirino has so much potential to be a pleasantly memorable experience.  Unfortunately for a place that will run you at least $150 for two people, the food is shockingly bad.  My wife had the half lobster and seafood entree the waiter exuberantly recommended and I went for their dinner set.  In both cases presentation was acceptable but certainly poorer than you would expect.  The food itself, unfortunately, was about what you would expect from a low budget casino buffet....dried-out and seemingly more than a day old.  Maybe we just caught them at a bad time (7pm on a Sunday) but you just really don't expect a place like this to have days this bad.  I am not sure how they stay in business, but have to assume it's only because, like me, the unique location makes many people willing to ignore the bad food reviews.  With so many excellent restaurants to choose from in Vegas, I definitely will not be returning here.
1	Stale bread began the meal.  The chicken in the  Marsala was overcooked and the brown sauce tasteless.Reading the good reviews I wonder if this is the same place.  Will give it this: Good service and a nice decor, but cafeteria style food, and very expensive.
3	We had a private dinner party here and I would say the ambiance was the best part of Zeffrino. Perhaps, the restaurant is understaffed, but it was reallllllyyyyyyy ssssssssslllllooooooowwwwww! So slow, I thought I'd never get out. Dinner took 3.5 hours! Yikes, but it kept me out of the casinos! The food was ok, not great, not bad....just, ok. All in all, a very average experience.
1	BEWARE!!! Don't let the the perfect setting & restaurant decor fool you..... The service was very slow. Their attitudes were very snobbish & rude.The food was inedible.My Boyfriend ordered.-Calamari & fried zucchini (Calamari was very fishy)-Ravioli (was only so so rather dry-tasted frozen. )I ordered.-Caeser salad(I knew I was in trouble when I took one bite & pushed the plate away. I mean really how can any restaurant mess up a caeser salad baffled me.) -Beef tenderloin w/mushrooms, green beans & polenta(Beef was very tender but also tasteless. -Polenta tasted like flavorless baby food-I didn't even bother to try the green beans)Finally the servers gave us extreme attitudes when we decided to take our deserts to go (We really just wanted to get out of there after being there for hours.) On our way out thinking of the treatment an the atrocious meal we just had. We reached the nearest trash can beyond the restaurant doors & trashed the deserts.(To afraid to taste them)I'm astounded that this restaurant has the audacity to charge $44 dollars a plate & serve the quality of cafeteria food.
1	They lost my credit card!!!!When we were ready to leave we gave our waiter our credit card to pay for the bill.We waited five minutes, ten minutes, and fifteen minutes! Started to get a bit anxious that nobody would come back with our card. When he finally came back . . . with our check yes, but not with our card,  he told us that the card had been lost in the way to the register but he was sure it was there and he was going to look for it, find it and bring it back.  After 30 minutes again, no card, of course.  I decided then that it was too long to wait and made a call to our bank to block the card.this was the card we were going to use for most of our travel expenses.  What a mess!I'm very disappointed and would not recommend this place, not just for the fact that they lost our card, but for what they told us after finally revealing that the card was definitely lost.Exact words and I'm quoting "We apologize for the inconvenience, can you please give us another card to pay for your check we promise this time we won't lose it".  UNBELIEABLE!!!!!
1	Lunch prices were very high for the quantity and quality of food provided.  Pasta with Marinara was bland.  The "Sea Bass" was a very small fillet, looked to be tilapia.  Double charged for the "meat and cheese" appetizer, it was a few shavings of prosciutto, pieces of cheese, and a few olives - not $30 worth.  Keep walking and find another place to eat.  PF Changs was actually the best quality meal we had on this trip to Vegas.
5	On the way to the airport I stopped here to have my "normal" italian healthy meal -- meat sauce and spinich -- wow it was sooooo good, - loved this place...and had a great server
4	Zeffirino is pretty major.  We only had about 30 minutes to eat before we had to catch The Lion King (which was also pretty major).  Our server was speedy and lovely and authentically Italian, which is always appreciated having actual Italian people working at an Italian restaurant.
5	They have a great Thanksgiving buffet. Here are some of the offerings from last year: * Roasted suckling pig is roasted to perfection, juicy and succulent. The best part is the crispy skin! * Rare roast beef is cooked to perfection and sliced thin. It's juicy and so tender. Put this in a baguette with some sliced provolone and you would have the perfect roast beef sandwich! * The baked salmon is amazing! It has whole garlic cloves tucked into the fillet so the flavor is quite intense yet still a perfect pairing with the fatty salmon.* Raviolis bathing in a pesto cream sauce are cooked al dente and the pesto cream sauce is outrageous! It's packed full of flavor and will not disappoint.* A tray of thinly sliced meats like prosciutto and salami glisten with fatty goodness. The cured flavors are on mark and are excellent.* Carved filet mignon with marsala mushroom sauce is cooked to a perfect rare to medium-rare and so tender you can cut it with a butter knife.* Thinly sliced smoked salmon is tender and melts in your mouth like butter. The red onion and capers are the perfect pairing giving it a balanced flavor.* Antipasto bar with marinated porcini and portobello mushrooms are fabulous and work well with the sliced cured meats.* Dessert, dessert! Homemade tiramisu is to die for! It's decadent, creamy, and just the right amount of espresso flavor. Mini fruit tarts with zabaglione custard inside and mini cakes are like little works of art.Thumbs up, way up!
1	A Nightmare on Thanksgiving!!!! Posted rate of 39.95 for Buffett. The when you get there were charged $21 for glasses of water that we had to flag someone down to get! No one ever waited on us and our table of four was charged an 18% gratuity!! We could not have been more disappointed and felt very taken advantage of.
4	I had the linguine alla sorrentina. Delicious! When you get upstairs it feels like you're walking for forever to get to your table. But once you're there, it's a beautiful view of the Grand Canal below. Be prepared to hear the great and not so good gondoliers as they row by. Being closer to the ceiling you're closer to the sound bouncing off the ceiling. But the food was delicious! If you order ravioli, be prepared to only receive 6.
4	This place is a great respite from the buffet lines and huge steaks served at the many high end joints on the strip.The standard menu was on the pricey side, but they were offering a prix fixe option for about $45 that the four of us decided to try.Once we made our way upstairs, we were presented with menus, but no mention was made of the $45 option and the leaflet was nowhere to be seen.  When we inquired, the waiter sighed and brought it out.  I guess they think you will forget about it, as you make the trek upstairs to the dining room.The portions we were served were a bit on the small side, but for the price it seemed fair.  Well my portion of the beef was the smallest of the three ordered, but I could use a little cutting back from time to time.The soup (squash, i think) was ok, but everyone else raved about their salads and the mozzarella tomato salad.We also ordered a side of broccoli, which I guess threw them for a loop, as our entrees were served and the side was not.  We reminded them, but by the time it was prepared, we were basically done with the entrees.  I did mention that the portions are small, so five bites of the beef and it was gone.Desert are basically some petit fours with coffee, which again is not going to fill you up, but were very good.Overall, the food here was very good, even though the prix fixe meal will not fill you up if you are hungry and/or skipped lunch.About a 3-4 star place, I went with 4 for the price and ambiance of the place.
2	I've found that the mark of a good Italian restaurant is how well they make you a spaghetti bolognese. It seems to be the simplest of Italian dishes that encompasses everything good about Italian food. A well done pasta and a tasty meat sauce that is spiced just right - something basic that mama teaches you.I know - it's a stupid rule but one that has worked for me nonetheless.  My bolognese at this joint came in lumpy and absent of taste. The waitstaff take their time to get to you (and it wasn't busy at all) unless they are bringing you the cheque. My wife ordered the veal and it was overdone. We had a third person in our party that ordered a eggplant parm (which is pretty much the only vegetarian thing they had)  - and that was done relatively well. I can see the charm in wanting to eat here - but it's just not worth the price in my humble estimation. I've eaten good Italian food in Italy, NYC, Philadelphia and L.A. I am yet to find a place that matches that definition in Las Vegas.
4	Went for lunch.   We both ordered the pre-fix lunch menu and everything we ate was amazing!  Service is a bit slow.The hostess sitting at the desk at the top of the stairs should not wear a skirt ;)And what's up with no photos allowed without management approval?  It's not the Sistine Chapel!
4	Portions are dainty but the food was great - lasagna and chicken Marsala.  Our meal was free so I can't compare value. Nice balcony view of shops.
3	The ambiance is pretty cool here (although it can get loud if crowded). The service was nice and friendly. Prices were a bit high, but nothing too unexpected. We ordered the sea bass and it came whole (head and everything) - which was a bit of a surprise, but the waiter offered to clean it for us. Oh, and the free bread was a bit too toasted, and somewhat hard to eat. Overall - meh.
1	Won't go back again! VERY disappointedMade a business dinner reservation for 4 at 7pm during CES.Not unlike many airlines, they clearly over-booked, because we didn't get a table until 8:40pm (while watching many much larger parties get seated before us), and only after much complaining, and then for me to actually walk upstairs to find an open table, and then to tell the door staff about it!In the meantime, one of my key business contacts LEFT. That's right, the wait as SO long that they had to leave!! I was LIVID, but the girl at the front door didn't seem to empathize with me, or the many others who were as pissed as i was.When the remainder of our party finally got seated, service was slow.The 3 of us ordered the Sea Bass with the Lobster. Mediocre at best! :(Sea Bass was over-cooked, and everything was slathered in a rose tomato sauce tht would have been better suited on a linguine dish. It just seemed cheap for the $40 pricetag.I will caveat this by saying the Lounge (bar) staff were very gracious, and tried to make amends for the misfortune. But I was already too jaded & upset for it to matter.Again, I will NOT go here again !!!
1	Service was really slow to start. Took a long time before we even got water. Once we ordered, our meals arrived less than 5 minutes after we ordered. I had a lobster pasta and my friend had a variation of spaghetti. No way that was cooked fresh to order. We both took a bite and immediately realized that the food tasted like it came out of a can. The pasta was inedible. The lobster was overcooked and gross. Neither of us could eat our meals so we notified the manager. He asked if we wanted to switch to something else and we declined. Who would want to? We got up to leave and he stopped us and forced us to pay for a bottle of water and glass of wine that we didn't get to drink because we had no meal for it to go with. Seriously? You serve us inedible food and then force us to pay for the beverages we didn't drink? Unforgivable.
4	Nice place.
3	Mixed review: we came here for late night happy hour and the drinks were great for half price. Waitress was friendly.  Ordered a mini pizza from the happy hour appetizers and it was awful! Then the waiter said the crust was supposed to be soft (under cooked). Oh. Right. Yeah. I have eaten pizza in New York and New Haven and Paris. This was my first crust like that. I think I know raw dough when I see it.  He brought us slices instead, which was very nice.
4	It was an late evening dinner. The service had a slow start but once the food service began it was great. I went with the pre-fixed menu to get a taste of everything and it was well worth the $45 cost.
4	I researched all the restaurants in the Venetian/Palazzo campus for this dinner because it was our anniversary dinner and I wanted to surprise my husband with a show (Jersey Boys - FAB!) and dinner. I settled on Zeffirino's because of their menu and the ability to sit at the balcony over the "canal". Right off the bat, we were not happy with the hostess who seemed to be in conversation with 4 somewhat tipsy and loud ladies. We stood at the podium for a few minutes, not sure really WHO the hostess was until I called out into the room to ask if anyone was manning the post. The hostess broke away from the women and finally showed us how to get upstairs. That being said, once we were upstairs, everything smoothed out. We were seated at the balcony where I had requested in the reservation, and we had two excellent wait staff working with us. There were a couple of mistakes made with my order, but they were so gracious and quick to correct that I wasn't even inclined to get huffy about it. The food was delicious, there were strolling musicians and as the place started to fill up, the atmosphere was one of warm family camraderie. We very much enjoyed our meal and our experience at this restaurant.
4	My boyfriend took me here as our night out in Vegas. They had a pre-established 5 course meal that took us 3 hours to work through and it was just a fantastic dining experience. The backdrop of the Venetian's gondolas and sky! Just magical!
5	The people who complain about the "slow service" here are nuts. Who goes to Zefferino's for quick service? If you want fast service, go to IHOP or some non-descript food court. Zefferino's is about the atmosphere (excellent) and the food and wine (excellent). If you go here with someone whose company you don't enjoy, I can see why fast service would be important. The food is superb with very large portions (almost too big, really...I totally overindulged). For the quality, it is not overpriced. There's table music. The violinist and guitarist were outstanding, adding *even* more beauty to the ambience. We have been to Venice. I know The Venetian is just a big film set with an amazing sky, but this restaurant took us back to Venice. The wait staff were outstanding. Never intrusive, but friendly and helpful. Extremely professional. This is a great place to go, whether for a date night, special occasion, or an outing with a group of friends. We went with guests from the UK, and they loved it. I don't give out 5 stars lightly, but I cannot think of a single reason to knock a star off. Zefferino's is an outstanding and unique fine dining establishment. I'm looking forward to sharing it with friends again soon. Go to Zefferino's...it's the Italian shiz! :)(The tiramisu was delicious, but I think next time I will forego dessert and have gelato in St Mark's Square)
4	I have been here a few times after being introduced to the restaurant from my Italian friend.  After my trip to Italy, I know what real Italian food tastes like so I hope I am a good judge of Italian food.  Yes it is pricey, so I would reserve this place for your significant other.The food here is very authentic.  For an appetizer, I recommend the sliced italian cold cuts with black olives, cheese and bell peppers and Prosciutto di San Daniele con Melone ($20).  I have also had the Seitan carpaccio with shaved parmigiano, rucola sprouts, extra virgin olive oil Gamberi (shrimp) al Vapore ($16) and the Ostriche (oysters,. $14.95 for a 1/2 dozen and $24.95 for a dozen.  For larger parties, I recommend the mixed seafood platter: 10 oysters, 4 clams, 6 shrimp, 1 1/2 lb. lobster, 4 king crab legs ($90).Entrees:   I have had the baccala, Pan seared black cod with extra virgin olive oil, dried porcini mushrooms, garlic, parsley, anchovies, white wine and lemon juice Zuppa d'Astice, Riso Nero, Pomodoro e Curcuma ($30), the spigola, Grilled whole mediterranean sea bass served with garlic, extra virgin olive oil, oregano, lemon juice and parsley sauce (very simple, $38), one of the specialties of the house, a 1 1/2 lb. lobster, shrimp, mussels, clams and scallops served over linguine in a spicy tomato sauce and fettuccine sauteed with crabmeat, half of a 1 1/2 lb. lobster, and shrimp with a touch of tomato sauce (I have had it both ways ($42).To finish, I ususally have the insalata mista or the insalata alternativa.  A nice way to finish the meal.  I am not much a dessert person so I won't rate the desserts.  But the waiter is good about recommending a grappa to finish an excellent meal.I would rate the food 5 stars but the service 3-4 stars.  Everytime I go we have to ask for things, i.e., olive oil, water, et al..  At a restaurant like this where you are paying $100/head before wine, the wait staff should anticipate or ask for your needs.I would have taken pictures but there is a big sign requesting that no pictures be taken.  I want to respect the restaurant's request.
5	Great happy hour drinks and food. The portions aren't huge, just enough! The waitresses were all quite charming.
4	WONDERFUL!  Service food ambiance!  It was recommended by a Friend and we were able to get in with a table for 6 last minute on a Monday night. Hard to do in that part of the strip. They seated us immediately and were very helpful with the menu.  Everyone loved their meals.  But I wish I would have taken a picture of mine. I decided to order something out of the ordinary cuz ya know - it's an Italian restaurant so they had all the typical Italian fare. I got the whole wheat tofu stuffed ravioli with asparagus sauce. It was amazing! The sauce wasn't a heavy cream-based but a light puree.  OMG it was yummy. Should have taken a picture!
3	I AGREE with Yelp. 3.5 is PERFECT for this place. My husband would give it a 10, i'm a little more discerning.Our food was good, not mind blowing. The ambiance was very nice, and i had no issue with my server, who i felt was very gracious.I've been to Vegas 6 times and never walked in this place, MUCH larger than i thought, and VERY nice inside.They have a price fixed menu at the door, but you need to ask to see it upstairs. I didn't have an issue with asking our server, but i think it's definately a way to get you in the door and they "forget to give it to you" when seated because ONE entree is the price of the price fix.I had a very good fettucini alfredo (a side dish i asked for entree size- a gracious yes), and my husband had what he calls the best veal parm he's ever had (he says this every time he has veal parm). we coupled this with only a ceasar salad split and the house bread (very good, airy crusty bread).I will say the pasta was FRESH pasta which made this italian girl happy. I felt this was authentic italian, everything tasted fresh. It was a bit pricey, and to me, this all equals average because i'm used to these restaurants in Philadelphia.
4	4 & 1/2 stars! Service was top notch, view was romantic overlooking venetian canals. Another bonus is u can hear the gondola drivers singing in the canal. Great lunch 3 course for only $22, which is a steal for this location and the food was great
5	Great dinner here. Very authentic Italian cuisine. Once you get past the snobby Sommelier, it's all good.
4	So here it was July 4th and my intention was to do a buffet for lunch.  All the buffets I checked out had either long lines or higher holiday prices or both.  As I was wandering along the canal in the Venetian a couple of hostesses were handing out to go copies of the menu to try and get folks inside.  I wandered a bit more and came back.  I was led to the back of the street side bar/restaurant told I could walk the stairs or take the elevator.The seats with the view were being utilized by couples but my seat wasn't bad.  Most of the menu is price fixed with 3 courses for lunch or 5 courses for dinner.  I chose a Caesar salad, chicken parmigiana, and it came with a small desert and coffee.  The food was really good and the service was excellent.
2	"Serviceable" is probably the best way to describe Zeffirino. In a city stuffed with superior Italian restaurants, Zefferino falls squarely in the 'mediocre' category. That is not to say that it is poor by any means but at its price point and considering that it's in the Venetian, you should be expecting a lot more. Pros: * $22 prix-fixe for lunch is a great deal * the pasta dishes in general are fine * the view of the Gondolas does lend itself to a romantic occasion* the musicians at the restaurant are very versatile and will perform songs in multiple languages Cons: * the food is simply not spectacular  and is easily outclassed by nearby restaurants such as Valentino, Postrio, and B and even Canaletto* the prices are ridiculous. $28 for foie gras is more expensive than in top end steakhouse and only $2 cheaper than the infinitely classier Le Cirque; $20 cold cuts when you can get the exact same dish for 1/2 the price 5 minutes away at Enotecca Otto; $44 for a simple breaded veal dish that you can get for $20 in any neighboring Italian restaurant, etc....* exceedingly small portions at the limited dinner prix-fixe (it costs the same as a single entree for good reason) There is better Italian to be found in the Venetian and in Vegas in general. The ambiance is pleasant and the musicians surprised me when they knew Croatian and Serbian folk songs but on the basis of food and service and especially value I simply cannot recommend Zefferino. An a la carte dinner with appetizer, desert, and a drink can easily cost $100, the same as the tasting menu at a great restaurant sage as SAGE or a fantastic steak dinner at any of the multitude of Sin City's red meat havens.
4	Zeff-a-GOOD!This place does an absolute wonderful job in welcoming you and creating a great atmosphere for a tasty lunch!The Pastas!!  Seem to be homemade and are simply delicious, The risotto felt like it was made for me with a kick and a punch to the mouth I enjoyed this beatdown ha!The hostess sat us so that we can enjoy the gondola which is a very nice touch.  You will enjoy your time with a great spread of food made to anyone's liking.  The decor made you feel welcome and with antique furnishing it was very enjoyable.----The Italy/Spain Euro cup final was going on and they even accommodated me by letting me know the score!  THANK YOU ZEFFIRINO!
5	You can not beat the food here. Everything is top notch and you get exactly what you paid for, I come from a full Italian family and we all agrees the risotto was as if we were in Italy. The staff was amazing while the place is packed they manage to have people eating in under 15 minutes. The place has an amazing view of the gondola and mall. Overall success it's a dine you must try with eloquent food.
4	I was in town on vacation with my husband and we wandered around in the Venetian hotel trying to decide on a place to dine for lunch.  As we walked around trying to decide on where to dine for lunch, we passed by Zeffirino and the lovely smells wafting from this restaurant convinced us to eat here.I had the grilled salmon with a side of string beans and my husband had the medallion pork chops.  Food was excellent and perfectly cooked and seasoned.  Service was awesome as well!  I highly recommend this place when in town!
3	This is a review for the bar area only.It was good. We had drinks at the bar, and their sampler Bruschetta appetizer. The toppings on the Bruschetta were awesome, but the bread was not.The best thing about this place is the bartenders. It was pretty slow in there-- I think we were there around 3 pm. Bartenders were extremely friendly. Oh, and they have $3 drafts at happy hour, so it's a nice place to grab a cheap drink.
5	On my last night in Las Vegas on Thurs, I came here for a business dinner.We were seated upstairs where we had a great view of the Venetian Canal Area.  This is one of the oldest if not the oldest restaurant in Italy....and this is the only location in the US besides the ones in Italy,When we were seated, the fist thing I noticed was how beautiful and ornate this restaurant is.....very, very romantic.For a starter, I ordered the fried calamari and zuchinini.......very good and tasty.For dinner, I had the Oso Buco.........The lamb Shank was super, super delicious  and tender and the risotto side dish was excellent.......so yummy!A great Italian meal in a very beauttiful and romantic setting!
5	Just had the perfect lunch!!  The decor and the settings are really opulent.  The bread was nice and warm, the service was first-class, the calamari and zucchini was perfect, the pan seared salmon melts in your mouth, the dessert was decadent. The coffee was strong but smooth.  And the price is very reasonable for the quality of food and service.  After all that, check out the restroom. Perfect!!
4	This restaurant is located in the Venetian Hotel. We were seated upstairs where we had a great view of the Venetian Canal Area, next to the window. Some side note you need to know, I got a free dinner voucher here so I ate for free, so my review is basic on what I got to eat and not on the entire menu. The outside and inside appearances of this place is very nice and romantic. It a good place to take a date. The host to the server to the bus boy was very nice. The view is nice and romantic. The food is good and very appealing. I had the Norwegian Salmon and it was great it came with vegetables and potato's with a very good sauces, the soup was good as well. The bar area when you walk in the restaurant is nice as well it would be a good place for a group of friend to come in and enjoy a nice glass of wine.
4	Richly ornate and serene, Zeffirino is an Italian restaurant located in the Venetian Casino Canal area. The restaurant is rather "snazzy" and  can be perceived by the casual observer  as too expensive for the general casino patrons that frequent the passage ways of the casinos to window shop and gamble.  However, surprisingly the price was average of what is expected to that of any other Italian restaurant anywhere away from the strip.  Pleasantly surprised Zeffirino has a happy hour that is again like that of any standard restaurant with an average of $2-3 off on particular wines and cocktails.  I ordered the mussel and clam combination in white wine sauce as an appetizer and Chicken Marsala as an entree.  The  food was balanced, fresh, and appropriately portioned.  The mussels and clams were delightful and plentiful.  The Chicken Marsala was extremely light in sauce and intended in such a way to delicately enhance the well prepared breast of chicken.  We opted to dine at the bar versus the lavishly ornate and "fine dining" themed restaurant on the second floor.  You can say we were both intimidated and trying to eat in the "cheap" for lunch on the Las Vegas strip.  The bartender which served us was genuine and personal.  In the bar area is a pianist that plays intermittently throughout the day, which is was very nice but acoustically overwhelming at times.  While I hardly mention restrooms in my reviews, I have to mention the ladies' restroom was exceptionally ornate like the restaurant and flawlessly clean.  Each stall has its own vanity with all the accouterments to freshen oneself.  I did notice that I was not the only one to take notice of the uniqueness of the restrooms as I noticed an award dated in 2008 or 2009  for the "Best Restrooms in Las Vegas".  Interestingly enough, there is a lot of history involving the establishment of Zeffirino that is captured upstairs outside the dinning area.  May I add there is easy accessibility to the dining area for anyone that requires an elevator.  Besides the overly ornate and intimate setting of the restaurant, Zeffirino has its own elevator to add the lavish experience
1	Disclaimer: I've only eaten the Thanksgiving dinner buffet here, so I don't know what their regular menu is like.Had Thanksgiving dinner here a few hours ago. I would not recommend this to anyone else.First off, they put our table of 8 in a great big round booth. Keep in mind, the meal was served as a buffet- so basically everyone had to go at once or there was a lot of standing around waiting, changing places, etc. There was an empty table made for 9 people but they refused to move us there.Second, the buffet. Without even getting to the food- it was not a self-serve buffet. There were people at every station to plate the food for you and this made for long lines in a very small space. Also portion control was difficult- I received much larger helpings of some cold cuts than I wanted but when I got to the pasta I was given ONE SINGLE RAVIOLO. not ravioli. ONE SINGLE RAVIOLO. I asked for more... and was grudgingly given one more.And okay, now the food. The turkey (breast) was decent with some red wine reduction. The mashed potatoes were horrid and tasted like instant potato flakes. The cold meats and smoked salmon were fine. The caprese salad was BLAND BLAND BLAND and they didn't give me any damn basil. The apple and chestnut stuffing had an appalling texture and very little flavor; there was no regular stuffing. The ravioli (all two that I got to have) were forgettable. The desserts were the only thing I actually liked- there was a tasty chocolate mousse cake and tiramisu.OH! OH OH OH! For large parties, gratuity is automatic and as a result you will probably see a waiter once or twice throughout the evening, if that. We sat around for like 15 minutes waiting for someone to take our drink order. Instead, a waiter came over to tell us that we could go to the buffet whenever we wanted. We had to remind him that we might like something to drink, too. When the soft drinks did arrive, they were served in plastic Pepsi bottles like you'd get from a vending machine. WHAT?! At least it allowed us to refill our glasses on our own, because we would have gone thirsty otherwise considering how rarely we saw the waitstaff. When we did see them, they were largely unfriendly.Finally, there are musicians who walk around playing cheesy Italian-ish music. Like the theme from The Godfather, really. They come up to your table and play in your ear and it's super awkward.Basically- forgettable food and waiters that forget you exist. Forget this place and go somewhere else! You are in The Venetian; it's not like it's hard to find Italian food.
1	"How bad can it be?"Those were the words that launched our unforgettable Thanksgiving experience. I say unforgettable, of course, because this is one of those atrocious restaurants that's so awful that you feel compelled to stand outside and steer people away.I knew we were in trouble from the moment we were led to the dining room past a big sign reading, "NO PHOTOGRAPHY WITHOUT MANAGER'S APPROVAL." When you feel the need to post an authoritarian, unwelcoming sign banning people from taking pictures, you must have something to hide.The blackshirts who posted the sign set a dour tone for the rest of the service. Our waiter was flippant and visibly disappointed when no one at our table of eight ordered any wine. We literally never saw him again.There was no salt and pepper on the table, so I had to steal it off a waiter's cart. Our soft drinks were served in PLASTIC BOTTLES, which has got to be the tackiest thing I've ever seen at a restaurant. It's as if they ran out the back door and bought them at 7-11 when we ordered them.The food was entirely forgettable. At the risk of sounding politically incorrect, a traditional Thanksgiving dinner at an Italian restaurant might not be the best idea, but my mother-in-law is mighty Italian and she has no problem cooking turkey, mashed potatoes and stuffing. Real stuffing, not some weird apple-ly goop.The dessert station salvaged some of the experience, with a good selection of little cakes and pies, including a very creamy chocolate cream pie and mini tiramisu.My dad and in-laws came thousands of miles to spend Thanksgiving with us. Tomorrow we're going to have to take them to Firefly to make up for this travesty.At least we're all together...isn't that what Thanksgiving is about?EDIT: I forgot to mention that they have TWO things that NO restaurant should ever have: A bathroom attendant and a guy who comes to your table and plays music. No thanks!APPENDAGE TO THE EDIT: I think they polish the silverware with Barkeeper's Friend. I know this because the napkins smelled exactly like it. Draw your own conclusions about that process.
1	This was the worst thanksgiving meal I have ever had!I was not happy about our table. A booth with 8 people and a buffet is not good. There was no ham, even though it was on the menu.  Mashed potatoes are not even real, I think they are boxed.  The turkey was good but the dressing was awful ! Mush !! The napkins smelled terrible. The ravioli was overcooked. The service was not up to par, either.Maybe this place is good for pasta, etc. but I would never recommend going there for a holiday meal. It was very poorly executed.
5	I held my wedding reception on 12/1/12 here.  When we arrived we were brought back to a private alcove off of one of their private rooms.  Throughout the entire evening the wait staff was fantastic!!  They went above and beyond to make sure our night was amazing!  The food was exceptional and even the pickiest of eaters found something they loved.  We all ordered the complete dinner which included an appetizer, ravioli, main course, and assorted pastries for dessert.  There was so much food, none of us could finish it.  All of this for only $50 a person.  The kids each ordered a kids pizza...omg these were huge pizzas!!!  And they were absolutely delicious!!  The wedding cake that was created for us here was moist and sooo delicious!!  During dinner, a violinist came and serenaded our group, even catering to the kids and playing a few children's songs!  I could not have been happier with the experience here.  We would come back in a heartbeat for the beautiful ambiance, amazing food, and spectacular service.  Thank you Zeffirino for making our wedding celebration a night we will never forget!
5	this is the las vegas gem of gems don't miss out on their happy hours and small plates whenever we are in town we end up here three or four  times in a week great service and staff
5	Just finished dining here. Best meal I've had in Vegas on this vacation. Beautiful view, friendly service and incredible food. They paced the four course meal well. If you don't mind spending the little extra dough go for it, you won't be disappointed.
5	Wonderful place!  We had happy-hour wine and appetizers in the bar two days ago.  The staff was super-friendly and took great care of is, including out daughter.  The children's spaghetti was enough for all three of us, and came with ice cream.  The appetizer sampler was amazing--great variety of tastes, creative, and a real value!  We'll definitely be back!
2	There with a group, 14 of us in total. Those that had tenderloin were very happy. Those that had seafood or seafood in their pasta, not so much. The appetizers were average, not the quality I would have expected.......calamari was a greasy pile, the mozzarella and prosciutto was good, nothing special. I would go somewhere else next time, average to below average in my opinion.
5	We held our wedding reception at Zeffirino's over the weekend. I didn't know what to expect since the entire event was planned online and I only had pictures and reviews to go off. The ambiance of the space is great...a lot to see and amazing bathrooms! The main dining areas are on the patio and up stairs, they also have a large bar which is great if you don't want to sit in the dining room. The reception was fantastic. We had a private room, passed items (chicken skewers, risotto balls, shrimp, and more), TONS of fresh vegetables, lasagna, carved ham & turkey, etc. The restaurant also did my cake (white cake with chocolate mousse). I was told by multiple people that it was by far the best wedding cake they had ever eaten, and I have to agree...it was fantastic! Additionally, they brought out pastries which were also great. I have not eaten from the main menu at the restaurant, but from my experience they were great! I also had an appetizer sampler and a pizza at the bar after the event which were both good. I would highly recommend Zeffirino's for your next event or if you're looking for a dinner that is not at stuffy as some of the other options in the area.
4	This dining experience was lovely. We were seated just above the canal where we could hear the singers on the gondolas as they floated by. The food was delicious. There was also live music via a violinist that was quite talented playing a vast variety of Italian, Christmas, and modern tunes, It was a fun, open atmosphere with an air of sophistication. The portions are rather generous.
4	I used to visit Zeffirino's quite often when I worked at the Grand Canal.  I miss my weekly lunch there now that I am a stay at home mommy, but I do get down there from time to time.  It is a lovely restaurant tucked away from the crazy crowds of the mall.  The menu is diverse and is very much like the food I had in Italy once upon a time.  Every time I have been there, the servers are all Italian too, or have a very good fake accents, but either way, they make it fun to dine here.  I mean what girl doesn't like a cute waier with an Italian accent??? The portions on the entrees are big, so make sure you go hungry!  Also make reservations ahead of time and request to be seating near the windows,s o you can look out at the mall and the Grand Canal below.  You can even pretend you are in Venice, awwwww.
4	Many moons ago when I found myself at the Venetian more often than not, colleagues and friends alike would be here at Zeffirino's eating and drinking our work grind away to relax for a solid Italian option in the resort. It was far away from the most popular eateries within the casino, but casual yet intimate enough to be one of the Venetian's most versatile. Good food, great ambiance, and almost always a good time.Lots of visitors to the Venetian often balk at the fact there is no dedicated buffet on premises, but if there were one, it'd be here. It won't be the self-indulgent, competitive eater training course like many other spreads at nearby resorts, but a classier, simplistic array of Italian specialties that change on a near daily basis and is served by someone every time. Be sure to ask nicely if you want a good helping and know the Sunday brunch hour is probably the most recommended time to try it.But their best execution has always been items from their nightly a la carte menu. Homemade ravioli of various fillings are no stranger to my plate and their other pasta options were filling and rich. One of their strengths was rolling with anything in the seafood realm. Whether it was a sea diver scallop appetizer or a crab ragu linguini or a lobster risotto, it would often taste as good as it looked. Prosciutto wrapped anything? Yes please.Some other tips for maximizing the experience:* Thinking of hosting a wedding reception here? Definitely a stellar choice.* Things to avoid on their menu: anything parm (especially chicken) and their steaks could use a little work.* You don't have to eat. Drink wine instead.* Service is usually super, but beware of the occasional waiter/waitress having a bad day.* Holiday buffets are nice, but avoid if you can - they're overpriced and incredibly overcrowded.* There will be live acts on occasion. Appreciate the musicians, they sing tons better than any of the touristy (and cheesy) gondola guys rowing across the canal. At least there's a decent view.
1	I just wanted to say I have been being FORCED to eat at this place for about 9 years now as my stepfather loves it here. Is it the food you ask? No he loves spending a fortune. Our last dining experience was on Easter. Before that it was on Christmas. Now I come from a culinary family so 1. I am a disecter of foods. I know what it should taste like and how they should achieve such tastes. Their food is MEDIOCRE at best. The filet is decent however like all of their meats, FLAVORLESS. Their desserts have to be the WORST Desserts in the History of Mankind! The men who hover close to the tables to make sure you always have a clean table, a full glass and anything you need ..well they just mainly stand there talking about the guests and their lives.. I think they think no one can hear them but it isnt the case. Their sea bass although drowned.in a sauce was decent. Tender n flakey and it had a good flavor. Their Salates station is decent as well however for the food that sticks to your bones F- ... I told my mom n dad next time the family wants to eat let's not spend $800+ on yucky food from here instead I and my chef brother will cook for the whole family. Their food Especially the Buffet is not worth the money. If someone wants to take you here it is to show off about how much money they can spend and not about what they know about fine dining and food in general.
1	Excellent food, with horrific service. Came here with a couple friends and my boyfriend for lunch one Sat. Like a previous review stated, the hostess was very gracious and kind, but that's where it stops. Our service was very shotty. Our server seemed to have absolutely no interest on giving us good service since we weren't dropping hundreds on lunch buying bottle waters or drinking wine or alcohol. Ordered and Iced tea and not once did anybody offer a refill for my tea. I shouldn't have to wave you down to refill my ice tea. 2 of my friends wanted to share an appetizer and an entree and was straight up told by our server that it wasn't allowed. Our server was very rude. He only came to our table to take our order and drop off our check. This place seemed so promising but due to the service of one server, this place came off very pretentious. Maybe if the staff/server spent less time on their iPhones and more time taking care of their guests,  I could give this place another try next time I was in Vegas. But I can assure u I will NEVER go or suggest this place ever again. U shouldn't leave feeling like u were looked down upon when you was choose to spend my hard earned money on the establishment.
5	First off let me state this review is only for their Sunday Brunch they do for the major holidays (Easter, Mother's Day, maybe some others).  They pull out all the stops for these special brunches - steak, lobster, crab, oysters, mussels, pasta, and mmmhmmm the lamb chops.  The Italian cold cut selection is superb.  It no longer includes the complimentary champagne, but the buffet spread is to die for.  We are talking fresh quality food across the board.  I am a fan of Sterling Brunch, but if I had to choose between the 2 I would take Zeffirino's Holiday Brunch all day long.  The Brunch is upstairs only, so you will be overlooking the Gondola Ride at the Venetian Canal.  Be sure to request a table overlooking it when you make your reservation.  There are a lot of choices for Mother's Day, but we all know if Mama isn't happy, nobody's happy.  Make sure to take her here for Mother's Day, and you won't regret it.Here is an interesting extra little tidbit for you - they have the most expensive restrooms in Vegas; it cost a couple million dollars if I remember right.  The mens room is nice, but I hear the ladies is quite comfy, extravagant, and convenient with each stall being its own little sitting area.
1	Honestly, they deserve a 0 or negative star rating.  I've never been so sick from food poisoning in my life.We visited for their special Mother's Day brunch that is chocked full of delicious foods; AYCE lobster, crab claws, lamb, salmon, shrimp, oysters, clams, swordfish and many more for $69/each.  While there's nothing exotic about the food preparation, it's seriously delicious.  We tried the Zefferino house labeled champagne that was on special for the day, but it left a lot to be desired.  The service was mediocre at best; refills were difficult, the waiter ofter forgot our requests, forcing us to follow up when we could catch him.  The deceptively delicious food was enjoyed by all, until after the meal.  Everyone in our party of 8 grew violently ill from food poisoning.  This was the only meal we ate all day, which we would pay for all night long.  I don't know if they served us food past its expiration date or if they stored the food improperly, but I'm quite traumatized by this horrific dining experience.
3	It was our last night for my good friend's bachelorette party and we needed some carbs/starch/pasta to end our trip. Arrived here for a 9pm reservation and was quickly led upstairs (on an elevator). Classic Italian restaurant with a trio playing music. We were seated by the banister overlooking the Palazzo canal and the blue sky painted on the ceiling really made the experience feel 'real'. Kinda reminded me when I went to Italy/Venice. Beautiful and romantic. We were off to a good start. Got our drinks and menu then we waited.... and waited.... and waited. After about 15-20 mins, a host saw that our waiter was overwhelmed so he decided to help out and take our appetizers and entree orders. Guess what time we got our salads? 10:15pm. So an hour and a half we JUST got our 1st course. Are you f*ckin serious? As the manager set our salad down to our table, I asked him if they were short staffed and told him our wait time. He apologized and quickly went off to try to alleviate the problem. 5 mins later, our entrees came while we JUST started on our salad.... By this time, we were just happy to eat. Why 3 stars instead of 1? Well the manager really did a good job on making the situation better. He was genuinely apologetic, came by every 5-7 mins to see how we were doing, help cracked open our seafood, two free drinks and made sure we were content. Towards the end, we received complementary mini desserts. Overall, the food was ok. Service was short staffed but they made a point to correct and make their customers happy.
1	Underwhelmed does not even touch it. Too bad there are not negative stars I can award. Reservations after a show - being later in the evening should not mean one gets "end of the night" treatment, especially in the city that has no clocks on the walls. We were seated and sat. And sat. And sat- a full 10 minutes before a body appears that is supposed to take care of us. From the wine steward who slopped the "taste" over the top of the glass onto the tablecloth, shrugged, and said "My bad", to the caesar salad of lettuce cores (no green leafy parts) completely overdressed with what tasted like bottled dressing (and no anchovy offering for a caesar salad? wth?), to entrees brought before the salad was finished, the waiter that never made eye contact, and finally my dinner of mussels and clams that was so salty and overcooked that the tiny mussels tore as I tried to take them from the shell- this dinner experience, in a word, sucked. My boyfriend had Veal Scallopine that required a knife (another wth?) with a thick mediocre sauce. The fettucine that accompanied it was "ok" and therefore the best bite of the night.They did take my dinner off the tab as I gave it back to the waiter deeming it inedible, but the check was still pretty pricey. Not pricey if everything had been outstanding, but ridiculously overpriced considering the experience. Our friends had reservations the following night. Based on our experience, they cancelled and went elsewhere.
5	Can't believe this is only 3.5 stars. Best pasta dishes in a long time all the way around the table.Have been to Italy and a lot of places and ...wow. I had the lobster pasta plate. Was not expecting it to be worth it (45 a plate). But it was a long week, was tired, had a long drive ahead of me and though why not.I can't remember when a restaurant exceeded my expectations. Perhaps in Italy. This was awesome!  Service was superb and staff was so professional. I will be going there regularly from now on. FYI, been to Raos and this blows it away by a mile....
3	Average food and very overpriced.  Service was great, though, which earns the third star.  Our waitress was incredibly friendly and once we asked for rushed service, the food and service was very speedy.  Bread was fresh, though butter was uninspired.  The pesto gnocchi was delicious, though my panini was a bit plain and its bread was unexciting.  Overall, an average place for its price.
4	My stars:  (5=epic "best of") (4=really tasty and want to go again and again) (3=good and will go back once in a while) (2=fair, might return for a visit if there was some glimmer of hope) (1=avoid at all costs)Go or No?  Go.Tease:   Zeffirino is a kind of classic Italian restaurant in the Heart of the Venetian.Why I went:  My wife and I enjoyed a few cocktails from there the evening before, and noticed some reasonable menu items that we thought we'd check out for lunch.When:  11/19/12Food:  Between the 2 of us, we had a nice Carpaccio appetizer, a 6" personal pizza that was super tasty, and eggplant parm (which was also quite good).  We also had a nice dessert of various small tarts.  They also had a nice wine special at $5/glass for lunch.  Overall, the food was all very tasty.  The portions were perfect for lunch.Service:  Service was very good.Hints/Final thoughts:  This is a nice Italian place that is both low-key and upscale.  Deals can be had for lunch and some dinner specials.  But, prices overall were not ridiculous.  We made many return trips to their bar throughout our stay as we stayed at the Palazzo.  With every bartender, they were great!  Very friendly and happy to mix up whatever we wanted.
1	If I could give this place negative stars I would.  By far the worst dining experience I've ever had and the food was absolutely horrible.  Here's a recap:-My parents received two vouchers for a free lunch or dinner at Zefferino's as part of a promotion for attending a timeshare presentation from a resort that has a booth at Venetian-We ate at Zefferino's for lunch on June 10, 2013-My parents free meal had a choice of several entrees and included a salad and coffee or tea.  I had the "Grand Canal" menu which was about $25-When we sat down, the server took about 3 minutes to come over to the table and upon seeing the free meal coupons, he did not greet us and just said "oh, you have those" like he was annoyed to have us at his table-The water that was brought to the table was warm and had no ice-We asked for ice, had to ask a second server to bring us the ice after our server didn't, and when the ice was brought out he just brought us a bucket and set it on the table without saying anything.  -My dad doesn't drink coffee or tea and asked if he could have a diet soda instead, and the server said "no, you only get what's on the card" in a very stiff and annoyed manner....like it would be that difficult to just give him a soft drink instead of coffee or tea.  -My mom had a salad and the grilled salmon, my dad had a salad and the chicken marsala, and I had the calamari appetizer, pan seared salmon filet, and the "dessert" of "various pastries"-The calamari was rubbery and tasted like it was previously frozen, the quality was on par with something I would get from the grocery store frozen section-The salads my parents had were bland and tasteless-The chicken marsala my dad ordered was terrible.  When I say terrible, I mean it was absolutely horrendous, almost inedible. Chicken was rubbery and overcooked, tasted like it was previously frozen and microwaved, definitely not "pan seared" as it was supposed to be, the marsala sauce tasted like canned gravy, and we both agreed that it was the worst chicken marsala we've ever tasted, and chicken marsala is my dad's favorite dish.-The salmon I had was caked in breading, had no indication of being pan-seared (no sear marks anywhere), also tasted like it was previously frozen, and there was no garlic, white wine, onions, parsley, or black olives as the menu indicated-The potatoes were dry and had no seasoning-The server never came back to the table to ask us how anything was before we finished eating it-When the "dessert" that came with the Grand Canal menu came out, it was three tiny bite-sized pastries and all of them were soggy and soft to the touch, like they had been left in a refrigerator overnight (or longer) and the moisture made them mushy.  They were obviously not freshly made.-When the server finally came back to the table and asked us how the food was, I told him that honestly everything was absolutely terrible, gave him the reasons why, and he said something to the effect of "oh, sorry to hear that".  He walked away, did not offer to bring us anything else, and never told a manager about our complaint.  -The server did not bring our coffee or tea, he just dropped the check on the table and never bothered to ask if we wanted to order anything else-After we asked him for the coffee and tea, we had to remind him a second time before it was brought out-The tea was a Lipton tea bag with hot water.  A fine-dining restaurant should not be giving customers a Lipton tea bag that I can get 100 bags of at the grocery store for $3.-On the way out of the restaurant, the server was walking towards me and immediately walked the other way, not wanting to say anything to us on the way outSince this was my parents' 30th anniversary vacation, I did not want to make a big deal out of the experience in front of them and decided to voice my complaints after they returned home.  My parents left Vegas on 6/14. On 6/15 I spoke with Mr. Russo and described to him all of the items above, and he said he would talk to the server and get back to me.  He asked me to send a copy of our receipt to his email address, which I did on 6/17.  As of 6/30, I still had not received any response.  I sent a follow-up email, and his response was as follows:"Good evening Mr. ******,I apologize for the delay,I spoke to the Manager to the chef and to the server on duty on June the 10th. The manager said that none of our customer complained or asked to talk to him that day. The chef said that he didn't get any complain about calamari or salmon. The server said that it was no leftover food during your lunch.I can only apologize if our food didn't meet your expectations. If we were aware of your complain at the moment, we would have been able to make your experience a better one.Best regards,Zeffirino RestaurantFabio RussoGeneral Manager"Did not address a single issue I brought up or the poor service from the waiter.  Great management.  Hope this place goes out of business.
1	We came here on 03/29/2013 for dinner. I would give this restaurant a negative star. The food was overpriced and tasted so bad (everything was so salty). When we mentioned about how bad our food is, our server just said seafood is supposed to be salty and then just completely ignored us. To sum it up, DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY HERE. Food is so bad, overpriced and the people that work here is so rude. I expected more out of this restaurant.
2	We intended to go to another Italian restaurant but were told to try this one instead by staff at the Venetian.  What a disappointment.  My two adult children ordered risotto with seafood which they enjoyed.  I tasted it and it did have flavor, but it was nothing extraordinary.  However, my meal was another story.   The waiter recommended the Chilean sea bass with white wine and capers, which was an extremely bland, flavorless dish. Couldn't taste any wine or any of the three capers served on the fish.  I could only eat a small portion because it completely lacked flavor. It was served with spinach, which was not at all tasty, and I like spinach.  Also disappointing were our appetizers.  To start, we also ordered the shrimp cocktail, which was recommended by the waiter, which made no sense because the risotto dishes had the identical shrimp on top.  Also disappointing was the Caprese.  The tomatoes were tasteless, and the balsamic vinegar was poured on the serving dish with the caprese in such a small quantity that it was impossible to scoop up and put on your salad.  Finally, there was no basil on the dish.  Again, it lacked any flavor.  Very pricey meal for something that I did not enjoy.  Try the other Italian restaurants in the Venetian.  Look for my other review...
1	Strolled in this past Sunday to a rather empty Zeffirino and got seated right away near the railing overlooking the Canals at Venetian which was rather nice.So I take about a minute to decide what I want. My waiter is walking around and attending to other patrons, doing one thing at a time and walking to the back after every single patron encounter. I try to get this guy's attention to order but he never looks up and never looks my way and he seems to be the only waiter. Fast forward 25 minutes later and my waiter finally comes to take my order. Away he goes. As I'm waiting for the food three tables that got seated after me all got their food before me. It's really infuriating me at this point. 25 minutes later my food finally comes out. This whole time I never get a "sorry, your food is coming up" or "we're a bit behind" or anything remotely apologetic for the long wait I've been experiencing.I ordered a beef tenderloin with mushrooms and what I got was a plate that was smaller than the size of my palm. Food was ok but the portion was not satisfying at all. I loaded up on bread and still was not full.Conclusion: Although this restaurant has some nice views of the Canal and good ambiance, it lacks in every other major criteria a good restaurant should excel in. The service was terrible, the food was medicore at best, the portions were small, it was overpriced, the wait times are long and let me re-iterate THE SERVICE IS TERRIBLE!!
2	We were disappointed on our most recent trip to LV to find that this place has discontinued its seafood buffet on Sundays. That Sunday buffet was one of the best-kept secrets in LV and was simply exceptional. We had a disappointing lunch most recently and probably won't go back after many years of Sunday morning patronage.
4	Loved it!!!! My boyfriend and I are so happy and could not stop talking about our experience. The food was not the best but it was good and we had nothing negative to say. So romantic and intimate. And great service..
5	DELICIOUS, DELICIOUS, DELICIOUS!!!! My husband and I did the lunch special, OMG!!! Everything was great, the service, food, wine, bread!
3	I really wish there was a half star rating, because Las Vegas has such a variety of restaurants, particularly Italian restaurants at The Venetian alone, that while this one was good, I would probably try something else next time.  I would say this is a 3 and a half star place.That said, my boss and I were in Vegas for a meeting and came across this place while strolling along The Grand Canal.  As expected in Vegas this restaurant is huge, and when we were there, virtually empty.  However, at our request to have a table along the canal, the hostess said, "Let me check with that section to see if we have room".  That irritated me, especially after she returned 5 minutes later said it was okay if we sat on the canal, and when we got to our table, the room was about 1/4 full.  It was an unnecessary pretentious touch, IMO.  But things got much better!  The friendly Sommelier came over and we ordered a nice CA Cabernet (I know...should have gone Italian but the boss had a favorite wine, and I can never complain about Napa Cabs).  The Sommelier was very very knowledgeable about terroir, so we had an interesting conversation with him.  He was enthusiastic, and clearly passionate about his work.  The food was great, also.  We had a lovely Salumi plate, with cold cuts, cheese and black olives.  If  you don't want quite that much, the bread (OMG that Italian bread!) comes with little skewers of salami, cheese and olives, so that would have been fine.The menu is full of standard Italian fare, lots of variety.  I wanted to order something that stood up to the very bold wine, and the Veal Scallopine did the trick.  It was a very rich mushroom sauce, with roasted tomatoes, served atop a mound of homemade fettuccine.  My boss had the beef tenderloin, that came swimming (in a good way) in a a sauce of red wine, grapes and pine nuts.  It was also served with a side of pasta.  The portions here are HUGE.  This place is pricey, but it is fine dining.We waddled out without dessert, and this meal sustained me through a long night at the casino, into mid day the next day.  So, don't get me wrong.  I DO recommend this place.  There are just too many restaurants, and too little time!The atmosphere is beautiful.  The detail that went into the design is incredible.  I heard that the 40 foot tall, handcrafted bar was imported from Italy, and I have no reason not to believe it.
5	We stopped in for a little break and to enjoy the atmosphere... Beautiful place, we had great service and it was a very enjoyable time.
4	One of the best parts of the Zeffirino experience is opening up their dessert menu and seeing a picture of Nicolas Cage looking back at you. Since it is well documented that Cage excels in being "awesome" personified, his presence in the menu for this place confirms that you are in for a treat. And for the most part, you are! Cage would not steer you wrong! Nor would I! Nor would any of the staff here, provided they come around to your table on a more frequent basis.Las Vegas is not lacking in dining options. Shoot, The Venetian itself probably has somewhere around 73,000 restaurants inside of it alone, making your choice of eatery even more daunting. But Zeffirino deserves your attention for sheer ambience, deliciousness and overall experience. And the whole package starts before you even get inside the door. Well, actually, wait - you probably end up seeing this place before you can get to it: it stretches several storefronts on the second floor, so you'll see blue awnings adorned with the name of the place over shops while diners sit above and look out the windows at the gondolas going by and the desperate tourists trying to convince themselves this is actually Venice, a feat no amount of alcohol or goofy bachelorette photos will achieve. The door leading in is around the corner.Now then... when you arrive, a duo of hostesses greet you with a level of personality and poise that is great to behold. These ladies either really care about each guest coming through the doors, or are great actresses. Me? I chose to think they liked seeing us, but then again, I live in denial regularly. Anyway, our hostess walked us up a flight of stairs past an opulent bar and lounge area, through another smaller lounge and into an elongated dining room that went around the corner to the windows where the other guests probably vie for seating. We had a party of five and settled in for a booth, and this was one of the nicest booths I've had the pleasure of sitting in. For one thing, the booth backs go up past your head, considerably. It lends a degree of privacy. For another, they're comfy!We were waiting for the remaining guests in our party to arrive when a waiter showed up to take our drink order and fill us in on the specials. We ordered and settled on a bottle of wine per his recommendation - and he made a great choice, one of which escapes me completely as I type this. Our last guests showed up and the wine was poured, the entrees were ordered and an appetizer platter was prepared. The platter itself was decadent: prosciutto, melon, mozzarella, etc. Each piece was delectable, and ditto the calamari, too. The appetizer price, $78, was not so delectable. Pricing can be a bit egregious here, so be warned.And then the entrees arrived. Simply put, this is masterclass dining. Everything from the pounded chicken to the risotto and my personal entree, some seafood pasta that made me consider masquerading as Aquaman interviewing for a position as a chef with this place, were outstanding. Food of this scale is known for landing people in comas but at least we were flirting with a comatose status with a smile on our faces. After all, desserts had to still be ordered! And that was how Nicolas Cage reaffirmed that everything was going to be okay with the world.And for the most part, everything here is okay. We were seated in a great dining room, the food was outstanding and a violinist even stopped by at one point for entertainment. But just as he put in an appearance and moved on with his duties, so, too, did the majority of the waitstaff. Service here, as other reviewers have mentioned, drags... And drags some more... And maybe that's their way of not rushing you and letting you enjoy the full Zeffirino experience. That's fine, but I would like to do it with my after dinner scotch. I'm not sure how long it takes to grab a scotch from the bar but apparently it is an epic quest bordering on the Homeric side of things. And then when it arrived, it was skimpy, at best. If that's what ordering it "neat" gets you, you might want to save your booze budget for somewhere else. You're certainly not lacking in options.But to lose sight over the greatness in the face of service sidesteps is missing the point. This is a wonderful choice to host a private event or try to impress a date at. You've got delicious food, an ambience practically lifted off the streets of Italy and the world's friendliest bathroom attendant! At least, I think that's what he was. I'm not sure... There was a guy I'm assuming employed here standing in the hallway on the way to the bathroom who was quick to open the door to the room and stand by outside. I mention this because, well, why not? If he can be more prompt in his service than some of the other members of the staff, good for him. Hats off to the kitchen, the hostesses and the bathroom attendant!
1	We did not like this joint.  The pizza dough did not taste like it was made from pizza flower. it actually tasted as it was a biscuit dough.  this is not authentic italian as they stated and the ingredient was not fresh or tasty.  however the food was plentiful and the service was good. The dough at Five 50 in the Aria tasted much better and you can actually taste the dough.  i confronted the manager but she said she did not know what Yelp is and she stated that the fresh dough was made downstairs meaning not on the premises. if this was authentic italian then why the dough for the pizza is not made from scratch. i rather eat in a fast food rather then waste my time or money on this place. avoid it.
4	Ridiculously good Thanksgiving buffet! American classics plus Italian twists. Exceptional service.
3	Visited this restaurant on Thanksgiving because they had a special Thanksgiving buffet.  The food was very average for a Thanksgiving meal but there was plenty of it.  The lines for the food were long at times but overall were manageable.  The service that day was excellent.  You can tell the management and brought in extra staff and the service could not have been better.  Made a special request to sit by a window and the request was granted without a problem.  If the food was seasoned better I would have given this meal a 4.
2	Our party of 4 was disappointed with the Thanksgiving buffet. The service didn't live up to the $45 price. The buffet had employees serving, and some of themdidn't know how to carve. We were given gristle, fat, whatever came off the bird. The same for the sirloin. The buffet was advertised as "traditional meal with an Italian twist."While some of the Turkey Day staples were good, the stuffing was definitely Italian (chestnut) and no one liked it. We pointed out to a manager the problem with the serving at the buffet, and he told us, that's the first complaint we've received. OK, then you should deal with it like any restaurant should! Which he did not. Not even a half sincere apology, we got nothing. I hate it when my out of town guests are disappointed with a meal on the Strip.Venetian, you can, and should, do better!
5	Ate here on 10. Stopped here for breakfast. I got what I think is the best omelet I have ever had. It was simply , Italian sausage, cheese and marinara. Everything seem fresh and just amazing. The wife had a bacon and egg croissant. Will go back.
5	Okay so can I just say WOW, everytime I dine there it is always GREAT! Excellent Staff, Superb Menu, Stellar cocktails, and the location is Tops!  Right at the end of the canals, with a railing haning over them...the sky is painted like the sky here and you feel like you are no where near las vegas!  The lounge is so relaxing, they have live piano music in the evenings!  Ask for Fabio, tell him Hello!  He is the GM there and is there for a reason, he is THE BEST!  Don't miss the bathrooms there,,,,,AMAZING!
4	Very deceiving place.  From the Grand canal level, it is just an entrance which we thought was part of the busy place next door with the patio.  My sister made reservations for the 6 of us for lunch.  They have a prix fix 3 course with coffee for $23.  Once you go up two flights of stairs, you are greeted by another hostess who makes you wait in the comfy chairs.  A little pretentious but then the GM took our order so it was a little strange.  Our table overlooked the canal and we heard all the singers come by which was nice.  The calamari was ok.  Ceaser salad was really good but not $9 worth.  Eggplant parmigana was one of the best i have tasted.  Salmon lacked flavor.  At the end, you get 3 small sample of dessert.  Get the gelatto, rum raisin is like heaven.   YOU MUST USE THE BATHROOM.  It was voted finalist for the most beautiful bathroom in America and it truly was amazing.
3	The food is so-so.  As far as Italian goes it's a little bland.  But, the service was great.  Super friendly, on top of things without being intrusive.  It was fun to have a "view" of the fake canal too.  Good place to go if you want more ambience and are not so concerned about having a stellar meal.
5	This place was simply amazing.  Food was delicious authentic italian food.  The service was a mazing and I personally loved the italian music and language constantly being spoken.  You felt as if you were in Italy.  The owner did come to our table and personally as how we were doing which is very professional and our after was very advanced in the information on the menu.  I would go back to this place everyday of my life if i had to and the bathrooms were rated number 1 bathroom in the World!!!
4	My husband and I came here for Christmas dinner because we had no idea where to dine on Christmas night; he wanted italian food, and I kinda missed the lasagna I had here years ago. So we came for dinner on Christmas night. We didn't order much because we are not the type that can eat multiple course meal without leftover (and we don't want to have leftover during our trip). So I ordered a lasagna and he ordered a veal ravioli. The lasagna was as good as it was years ago, I am pleased. My husband's veal ravioli was good too but a bit too sweet for him. I tasted it too and the filling was a bit sweet (not sugary sweet, I think it's certain seasoning and the veal meat giving the sweet taste). They also have a violinist and a guitar player playing Christmas music from table to table all night long. So the ambiance was good. Some servers had a stern face though, and they dressed in suits, they looked so stern as if they were government agents. Well, they don't look rude, just don't know why they are so stern.......All we wanted there was their pasta as they made their own. And we are happy that we ordered the pasta and not the $39 4-course meal. But it's just us. You might like to have 4 course meal instead if you need to have salad and appetizer for your meal. For ladies, make sure you visit their restroom too. It's well decorated. And each stall has its own sink inside, so once you are in a stall, you can take your time to freshen up with comfort and your own space. I asked my husband and he said there is not much going on in male's restroom. So I guess they only did the fancy design for the ladies' room.
4	Entrance left of canals within Venetian shops on first level, but you walk up to 2nd level. Ask for tables over looking canal.  It was surprisingly empty and we got seated with unobstructed canal views.  The service was exceptional.  The food was ok, but you really pay for the view and location.  The service made us feel so special who remembered what the food actually tasted like, other than it was not bad, but not memorable compared to the staff.  We were waited on like it was a spa.
4	this place is fabulous. one of the best italian restaurants i have ever eaten at.  the service was fabulous and everything everyone ordered was excellent.if you are staying at the venetian or palazzo you must eat here!
2	Expensive but not worth it, factory dining experience not personable and not engaging staff. While it might work for 2ppl, this is second time I've been with a group that things just didn't click. So many staff and hustle an bustle, but no engagement. Food was pretty good. Calamari weak, osso buco, unimpressive, tagliatelle was awesome as was tomato salad. Good wine list
5	We had a great dinner here.  The food was very good.  The service was excellent.  I hadn't even set my beer down before someone was asking if I would like another.  This is not a cheap place to eat but the quality of the food and service makes it work it.  The lobster and avocado appetizer is amazing, you will wish you could have it for an entree.
4	I think the best thing about Zeffirino  is the experience and ambience (the food is pretty good too). The restaurant overlooks the grand canal in the Venetian which makes for a really nice dining experience. Similar to other restaurants in the hotel, there's usually a wait. The wait staff is fantastic - my mom was going bonkers when our waiter started speaking Italian with her! Make sure you go to the bathroom - weird, I know, but the bathrooms are these rustic little rooms decorated really neatly.
1	The service at Zeffirino was lazy, uncoordinated and ruined what could have been a decent dinner. It made me feel badly for the chefs who sent out good food.The appetizer (and plates) were never cleared. Our wine glasses sat empty for over 20 minutes. I looked around for nearly 30 minutes for someone to bring some water after the appetizers were served, but no one ever stopped back at the table. The scant remains of the appetizer were never cleared before dinner. The server brought a spoon for the main course pasta and knife for veal, but he did not remove any of the clutter on the table nor did he offer another glass of wine as our glasses were empty. I finally went and asked for a manager. He cleared the clutter himself, was very nice and apologized.I believe the issue was there were so many "levels" of servers - one for water, one for bread, another to clear the tables, main server, etc - that no one wanted to do more than their job description. The main server should have noticed the lack of attention to the table by his lower staff and either done the job himself or jumped all over the other staff (whom he tips out) to do their jobs. I complained to a manager, but at that point we really just wanted to leave, not get another glass of wine. There are too many incredible competing restaurants (Carmine's is now open in Las Vegas, for example) for this level of service (at these prices) to be allowed. We enjoyed a night here last year, but we will never return. Don't waste a night for dinner here.
4	So I chose this restaurant for our Mother's Day Brunch and it was just spectacular.The restaurant is very nice, elegant and spacious. has 2 floors of pure beauty. The staff here were very pleasant.So, their brunch prices were $65 pp but it included the following;Appetizers: Mozzarella Caprese, Prosciutto and Melon, Grilled Vegetables, Smoked Salmon, a variety of Salads, and a selection of Cold Cuts.Main Courses:Homemade Pastas, Lamb Chops, Chateaubriand, Chicken, Poached Salmon, Chilean Sea Bass, and Freshly Steamed Lobster, Shrimp, Oysters, and Clams.Additional Options Include:Made to Order Omelets, 25 Varieties of Freshly Baked Pastries and Cakes. Drinks Include:Champagne, Mimosas, Bellinis, Bloody Mary's, Sodas, Bt. Water and Coffee or Tea.So it was definitely worth the price plus you get a gorgeous view of the Grand Canal Shoppes and the Gondolas. My ONLY two downfall's were that they didn't have a menu at the table so if you wanted an omelet, you would know what toppings were available. Secondly, the waiter never asked if it was our first time dining with them, (like most places do), so that they may go over the menu with you or explain what their brunch entails. FYI; the cappuccino is a must try!! yummy!
4	Went here for late happy hour at the bar last Saturday, May 10th and had the nicest bartender!  Sorry, I forgot his name, but I think he's there quite often.  Had the Scallops al Cognac-Scallops served with Cognac over risotto with a touch of cream and paprika which was very good, but a bit pricey for $22.  They also have thin pizzas for $8 that are pretty good.  They have $5 wines and 1/2 price well drinks.  Would recommend checking this out.
3	My party of six was promptly seated for a 7pm reservation on a Saturday night.  The waiter asked for our order before asking about cocktails or bringing water to the table. We ordered sparkling water for some and tap water for the others. Bottled flat water, for which I was charged, was served alongside the bottled sparkling water.  I decided to let it go. Our order was taken a bit quickly and I felt we were being rushed.  I ordered wine for dinner and it was served quickly without any request for cocktail orders. The appetizers were delivered very fast, which confirmed my sense of being rushed. Then things started getting more positive. The food was delicious, calamari and zucchini cooked just right, fresh salads, excellent beef carpaccio, and fresh mozzarella tomato salad.  We actually had a decent interval between the appetizer and main course. The pink sauce and pesto sauce raviolis were as good as it gets. My wife loved her eggplant parmigiana. The dinner menu is quite nice. Then, three desserts were quickly served for the people that bought the dinner. But, again, we were being rushed as one of my guests wanted the fruit option and none of them were asked to choose before the dessert was served. Then we had to ask for coffees and a dessert menu for the rest of us. We were given one menu to share for three people. The restaurant is attractive and the table side live music was enjoyable. Bottom line, nice environment, service was strange and less than one star, and the food quality was four star or five for some items.
4	I must say that this is an excellent restaurant . The atmosphere is exceptional and our server, Hamid was excellent. I don't give 5 stars, so this is a great restaurant.
1	What a hell hole. Lasagna was nasty, pizza was bland, and the old Italian broad who was a makeshift hostess was offensively too familiar. I could tell the staff hated working for Mussolini's granddaughter because I couldn't help but overhear the staff complaining about the old bag through our whole meat, so the trains don't run on time if you get my drift. My wife was ordering a ham and cheese croissant and was told the price was 4.75. At the cash register it was 8.75. The girls behind the counter said that they don't really know the price until they ring it up. The menu listed it as 6.75. When my wife asked if she could order a half sandwich, the girl said no... but she could cut it in half. Stay in school kids.
5	Hidden Gem does not accurately describe this place. We happened by it about a year ago when we went to see Tim & Faith and it was fantastic. Then we tried to find it again but couldn't remember the name.  Made a reservation elsewhere in the Venetian then read the reviews so decided to go try and find it.  I asked at the Rock of Ages ticket booth where the best Italian restaurant would be and she said there were many but she liked Zefferino's. As we walked in there we were back where we wanted to be in the 1st place!  It looks out over the inside Gondolas and has enough soft surfaces that it is quaint and quiet.  The staff is amazing, there was a great piano player downstairs but we wanted to be upstairs.  I had Penne Bolognese and it was the best I have ever had!  The others in our party had a seafood special that they all said was the best as well.  Dessert was great it was quite simply a perfect night. A MUST to go to on the Strip!
3	I really wanted to like this place... BUT we had a large party and it took a reallllllllly looong time to get our food. We arrived at 6:30 and received our dinner at about 8:40.  We had to get our desserts to go, because we had a show at the Monte Carlo starting at 930. I had to ask for a refill of my wine because I was not asked if I wanted another. There was nothing spectacular about the food. The restaurant was very beautiful though. I ordered from the fixed menu because the real menu was MASSIVE! The musician came to our table twice. The first time he was given a tip. The second unsolicited visit he rendered us the evil eye after playing selections he dedicated to an older gentleman in our party. He advised us that he was not paid, but earned his living from tips. Lucky I had a twenty dollar bill in my purse or else I think we would have still been there under his uncomfortable stares. Most tourist I know do not walk around with cash, so he should probably ask before bestowing a second serenade if the patrons would like to pay for additional songs.
4	I stopped in for lunch.  It's one of the may place in Vegas where the bathroom is up a few flights of steps.  Do they do this on purpose to avoid all the walkbys in the Canal searching for a bathroom?  Not sure.  The lunch was great as well as the wine.  I would definitely go again .
5	Walked into the Venetian with no idea where to eat. this place was recommended by the Concierge who also made a reservation for me. Upon arrival I felt like i stepped into an Italian village. Everyone was so attentive and nice. I ordered chicken parm and it was great! The prefixed menu was excellent lots of choices, 4 course for $55 per person. The  drinks were alittle on the light side but o would still recommend the Peach Moscato or the Russian Mule
5	Fantastic food! The service was friendly, attentive and helpful. The best part was the amazing coffee at the end but then we are coffee addicts.
4	Long running Italian cuisine restaurant that has an authentic style in the dinning area and on the plate.  Set in the kitschy recreated Venice gondola location.  All this and it doesn't hurt the checkbook for quality.  Before all these new fangled dining options popped up we came here for our Wedding dinner.  It was all the rage 12 years ago.  Even today after all the newer digs I still find this to be what it always tried to be.  A great place to have true Italian food.  The chef catered to the old Pope John guy and even Ol' Blue Eyes himself Frank Sinatra ate from his plates.  Take advantage of the brunch here.  It is a good experience.  The seafood platter used to be an event in itself.  I think it may have downsized on the amount of seafood recently but it is still a grand meal for the price.  Everything here is romantic and there are even serenades by a trio playing old world tunes that come to the tables.  I'd come back here for the total ambiance again or for a family members dinner.
5	I LOVED THIS PLACE.On our last day in Vegas we came here for a sit down lunch and it was beautiful. The best memory we will have for sure.It is elegant and the wait staff is amazingly attentive.The food was good and served like a 5 Star restaurant. The bread and butter is to die for and a coke, from the bottle, poured into a cute little glass has never tasted so good!
5	I came here on Mother's day this year with my mom. I was in Vegas for a training conference and my mom came out to meet me which was so fun!I asked her what she wanted to do and she said she just really wanted to go to brunch. This was the PERFECT brunch for us. I found the place on Opentable, I had never heard of it before but now I will definitely be back. I would love to try the lunch or dinner menus they have. Our drinks were never empty, and we always had everything we needed from the staff. If I had one critique it would be that there weren't enough traditional breakfast items. 90% of all the food in the brunch was more lunch themed. It was a bit pricey (around $80 per person if I remember correctly) but SO worth it. My mom loved it and we had a great time. Also if you are eating here, you HAVE to check out the bathrooms. They are very very nice
5	Stopped in with my brother and husband for a quick bite and cocktails.  As usual  they are Amazing! I always feel at home there! Like Cheers, I wanna go where everybody knows my name...that is how it feels here at Zeffirino's! Great food, great drinks, Stellar Service!
2	Both of the stars I'm giving this place is for the nice atmosphere of the building's interior design. Also, I guess the food didn't kill us. Every other aspect of this restaurant deserve zero stars. The slow, confused service staff asked us what we ordered several times and still didn't know who ordered what when they brought it. It was like watching the Keystone Kops as waiters. There was even a manager involved at one part. It was total chaos and the antithesis of relaxing. When they finally put our food in front of us, it was a sad, tiny dish. I ordered the ravioli. They brought 5 of the most limp, flat, and bland ravioli I have ever seen in my life. This is what you get for a $30 dish. I'm not sure how they've stayed in business "since 1939." I guess businesses can stay open longer in high tourism areas because they rely on the ignorance of their patrons and not on repeat business.ps: I was just looking at other reviews (I don't read them before writing because I don't want them to color mine.). I am so confused at the comments calling this "fine" dining. Unless they mean it was "fine" as in just tolerable. This is NOT a fine dining experience. Olive Garden has friendlier, more competent service. I promise you.
4	This was an unexpectedly great find.  We were searching for another restaurant and happened upon this one first.   The price for lunch was great, and the portion was quite large.  The food came timed just perfectly, not too rushed and not too slow.  Everything tasted as good as it looked.  Service was on par with what you would expect from a restaurant in this price range. I would definitely dine hear again.
4	Solid four stars! Would have been five stars -- almost got us there -- but the tomato sauce was just a little too acidic for my complete enjoyment. A little dash of cream, or a pinch of sugar, would have toned it to just the right taste. We had the Grand Canal prix fixe lunch. It was such an excellent value, with high end selections and many choices. Delicious fried zucchini-squid appetizer for me with veal parmigiana and fettucini, followed by coffee and trio of desserts for $25. Husband had minestrone soup, eggplant parmigiana, coffee and the dessert trio for $25 with a glass of wine for $5. Moreover, the service was excellent. Attentive, perfect. Even an Italian waiter. We had a beautiful table overlooking the canal by the balcony.  I would highly recommend this restaurant to friends and family.  They even have a happy hour. We might be back this trip!
2	Our concierge recommended this overpriced foodcourt experience.  We had the pre fix, not that the price was the problem just that the food was mediocre at best and when considering an establishment for a decent dining experience one would think you would not be served individual wraped breakfast butters with your bread basket :).  The beef carpaccio was prosciutto with an arugala salad on top, the veal parmesan was pretty delicious, well seasoned and tender and the pastry shop deserts were lack lustre and unimpressive.  The staff was attentive and wonderful and gave us great service. Unfortunately the atmosphere and ambiance was like sitting in the food court in a themed italian chateaux.   Well it is the venetian casino so I should have known better.  We were looking for something a little more high end with a culinary experience and I feel it fell short.  When in vegas make the trip out to Nora's italian restaurant if you want some GREAT and fabulous italian food in vegas.
5	Excellent restaurant And location. Food was good. We ordered from lunch menu. Daniel who serving us was very nice and polite. Recommend this restaurant.
5	Absolutely amazing italian food. The best wild mushroom risotto I have ever had and the service is on point. If you love a medium rare or even rare streak they will make it just perfect. You can tell a very well cared steak by the way it just melts in your mouth. This steak happens to be cheaper and better than you would get at a over priced steak house. I definitely recommend this place and will be back. It is on the pricey side but worth it. Save up a little extra and come get some of the best well cared for cuisine I ever experienced.
3	Typical vegas restaurant.  The place does have a limited number if seats overlooking the grand canal shops. You can hear the gondoliers singing.  Service was decent.  Food was just ok and overpriced.  But that's pretty standard for vegas.  Go hear for the ambiance.  If you're looking for good food, there's better places for not much more.  You're already spending $40 an entree here.
4	I would probably give it a 5 if we would've tried the entree's but we had a few dinner appetizers and cocktails. And the tables could be a little bigger for 2 people. Other wise this place is very elegant (not stuffy though). Romantic, excellent professional full-plate service; not the kind of place that tells you to keep your fork. Yes, it is expensive but they do all the things that a place at this price point should have: a gracious and welcoming hostess, professional wait staff, beautiful linens, a full course formal plate setting, over the top lush and romantic atmosphere and beautiful bathrooms. When we left bar downstairs had the piano playing and it was so laid-back and moody. It would also be a great place for drinks and some light eating.
5	This place has the best Bolognese I have ever had! The servers are polite but 'stuffy" but all in all a great place with really good food. I highly recommend!  You can sit and look out at the gondolas which is fun too.
5	The food truly gets 5 stars or more for sure but we didn't get a warm and friendly feeling immediately from our main servers, it could be just the way they are but if we asked for or needed anything it was taken care of right away... (FYI) If you'll making reservations for 2 request the main dinning room with a view of the canel..
2	Good Italian food...but still left with a bad taste in my mouth about Zeffirino's.We arrived looking for lunch, and figured this would be a perfect spot to order a couple pizzas. Members of our party looked at the menu, then were asked by the hostess "Do you want to sit upstairs?" "Sure!" they told her, indifferent about our elevation while eating.Apparently, upstairs is the "fancier" area, which does not serve the pizza listed on the menu. Holly H. asked if there was a way we could order it, since it WAS on the menu displayed. "No." the waiter flatly told us. We tried to get an explanation, but none made sense (and, with 12 of us already sitting down, we decided against making a scene and leaving).Most of us ended up ordering the "25 dollar lunch special," a solid deal as it comes with an appetizer/salad, an entree, and a dessert.I had the ceasar salad and the chicken parm. The salad was very good - the "authentic" kind that just comes with one large piece of lettuce that you make yourself. The chicken parm was tasty, though the chicken:pasta ratio was low.  The server was extremely kind and professional after what we all took as initial rudeness (probably more of a cultural barrier). And the food was good, not great. I was starting to sweeten on Zeffirino's, until I learned later that we were charged $24 for water - I have never been given bottled water without asking!I'd go somewhere else next time where I didn't constantly feel like the restaurant was trying to pull a fast one
2	Sorry Jennifer G., we are going to have to agree to disagree. I would not classify this place as a "hidden gem." First of all, it's not hidden. Second of all, it's not a gem.As Brian S. said, we must have asked for pizza 4 times, as pizza was listed on the  menu downstairs and this is an Italian restaurant, after all. "No." was the answer we got. Ok then, guess I'll get the pasta. It was fine but very garlicky (and overpriced, but this is more due to the city than the restaurant). They were able to sit a big group of us, although unfortunately we were the only ones up there, which made me wonder why service was being so difficult. The view over the canal is nice and good for people watching. I've been to the Mexican restaurant across the way, and I spent much of the meal wishing we had gone there instead. Bathrooms are nice though!
4	Zeffirino...Zeffirino.Located at The Grand Canal Shoppes at The Venetian, this is one popular fine dining Italian restaurant. And for good reasons too.The minute you step foot into this restaurant, you are completely taken back to old-fashioned, traditional Italy architecture and decor. First level is like a lounge with a full sized bar. Then you can either take the stairs/elevators to the second level for the restaurant portion.Service was great. Our waiters were very attentive throughout the entire evening. Our drinks were constantly kept full.Started off with a couple different dishes of antipasti.***Calamari e Gamberetti alla Diavola----Calamari and Baby Shrimp sauteed with Extra Virgin Olive Oil, Garlic, and Diced Fresh Tomato, in a Spicy Tomato Sauce.****Carpaccio di Manzo, Parmigiano e Germogli di Rucola----Thin sliced beef tenderloin, capers, shaved parmesan, and rucola sprouts with lemon dressing.For our entrees, we got:***Risotto Gamberi e Granchio----Carnaroli rice with crabmeat, shrimp, garlic, a touch of tomato and white wine.***Filetto di Branzino alla Catalana----Pan seared Mediterranean Sea bass fillet with white wine, half of a 1  1/2 lb. lobster served in a pink sauce and spinach.Definitely really enjoyed my dinner that night. Plus the atmosphere of the  restaurant made everything so much more elegant. I would definitely love to come back here again and maybe try their pasta dishes. Even though it's only spaghetti....the person in my party had that as his side dish and it looked freaking delicious!!!!
4	Come to this place every time I come to Vegas (recently twice the past few years) and every time the food is magnificent, service attentive, except the lighting is like a Hollister store. Can't see who I'm sitting next to. Some negatives are that, it is pretty pricey and they annoyingly add on about 15-18% gratuity automatically for small parties like two people which is always annoying, but overall if you're willing to splurge a little the food is worth it.
4	We were hungry and looking around for some Italian food. Were a little bit afraid to go in, but were happy afterwards :)We got the linguini alfredo which was delicious and creamy. I had angel hair with tomatoes, garlic and some herbs. Very good.The red wine (chianti) gets a 10 ! We shared the tiramisu ... OMG... mmmmmmm we want more - we want more...!A pre calculated tip, but because the food was excellent and the waiters were friendly, we had no problem with it.It's a pity that we discovered this resto not earlier.Will recommend and will return.
4	Service is incredible  make sure to make reservations   Especially on the weekend   And if you want a table with a view   All the choices are nicely done      Missing a star because it is a little pricey
1	I took my husband there for our anniversary and was looking forward to experiencing a very special night out. Starting with our table: It was supposed to be at a window with sight of the Canale Grande, but all we saw was the wall. My husband was excited thinking he'll get a magnificent Osso Bucco. Yet all he got was a tasteless piece of meat with a big bone in the middle. I had Lasagne and ask for an extra Bechamel sauce. Nobody came back and after I asked again, some guyput a gravy dish on the table - with Tomato sauce in it. Great job, Mr. 108 Team 8!And, by the way, nobody asked us ever how the meals were. Then I was charged 8 bucks for a bottle of probably tap water that I never asked for. So I complained right there about the whole situation and wrote a critic on the back of the bill. The manager must have seen it and gave us a new bill without charging for the water. Of course, the whole critic was gone too. And yes, they gave us a free dessert which was no consolation after all the fuss we encountered.That does not mean that we will never come back to the Venetian. There are plenty of other nice restaurants. But maybe not Zefferinos.
2	My wife and I had dinner on Monday Nov. 10. The food was good. The service was not very good. Not very impressed. The waiter came by and took our drink order and dinner order. After that, we never saw him until the check. He did not come by to ask if we are enjoining our dinner. We bought a bottle of wine which was good. But I had to stand up and refill our empty glasses of wine. After our plates were cleared, we sat there for quite a while with just our water glasses. I would not recommend this restaurant to friends. There are so many better restaurants with great food and great service.
5	Just had a fabulous early dinner at Zeffirino's! The service was excellent, we had the lasagna, salad and a superb "Super Tuscan" wine, very enjoyable ... I have to say, I wish I had the recipe for the lasagna ... the best I've ever had! We will go back when we visit Las Vegas again.
4	Went there to enjoy the prefix dinner last night. Excellent service delicious food beautiful ambiance. I would return again. The prefix was a great deal and it was awesome. Little hard to find in the mall upstairs overlooking the canals but worth the effort.  The Branzino was delicious. Also loved the Sicilian  Cabernet which was only $10 a glass.  Stefano was a great waiter.
4	On my recent trip to Zeffirino my guest and I just had drinks and appitizers. But I checked out the menu extensively. There are two floors in the place - the ground floor which is dressed up as an oppulant old fashioned European bar, and an upstairs with dining rooms over looking the fake Grand Canal at the Venitian. For appitizers we had shrimp cocktail of a sort, and fried calimari. Both were good but not great. The mixed drinks were okay too, but not great.What makes this place 4 stars for me is the ambience, the decor, the good menu, and the fact that it has both a happy hour and early bird specials. In a town that can now cost many hundreds of dollars a day fro two people to eat and drink (this ain't the old Vegas), the specials as Zeffirino allows a couple to eat their fill of fun, decent Italian food while soaking up all of the faux charm of the hotel's fake atmosphere.That way you can get drunk cheap and drop the money that you saved onto the tables. I mean, who ever looked at a one hundred dollar veal chop and said "oh, I hope you make me a millionaire". Wishing for wealth at the slot machines is almost worth skipping the chop and grabbing a plate of inexpensive pasta at Zeffirino's.Just saying.
5	Excellent, excellent, excellent!!! Great service, great food, great atmosphere. Get the dozen oysters with all the fixins, great breads, and the pasta was awesome!!!
5	This place will not disappoint you. We came here for a late lunch. I had the Ceasar salad with the chicken parm and it was out of this world. My pampered lady drink was to die for. I had a really nice time although the service was slow at the end. The view if the "canal" made it even more special. A must do in the Venetian!!!
3	5. The view from our table was spectacular 5. The veal parmigiana was delicious 2. The waiter who sat us was very pleasant but never returned.  The wait, nearly 35 minutes later after submitting it, was agonizing.  It left a bitter taste in my mouth. Poorly executed !!!!!!!
2	Are you a fan of Restaurant Impossible or Kitchen Nightmare?  Come here to get a first hand experience.Came here with a 12.30pm reservation for Christmas brunch.  Greeted by hostess with "how many in your party?", to which I responded "four, but we have reservations".    Reservations is apparently a foreign concept here as her response was "ok, your name is on the list".  Fine, it's Christmas morning, so beggars can't be choosers.  So I asked how long the wait is, she said 20 minutes, not bad.Proceeded to the first floor bar, where we ordered bloody mary and coffee.  Knowing we were going to wait I asked whether it's possible to score some bread.  The bartender, whom I will call "cranky" responded with "sure sir, let me get your drinks and then I will leave these customers here to go upstairs and get you some bread".  Well jolly Christmas to you too, cranky!Luckily she didn't end up having to leave her station as her slowness with the drinks meant we were called upstairs before she could bring them all out.As we were ready to go upstairs cranky left a parting gift by instructing us to wait for all our drinks, as I'm sure it would have been a disaster for the restaurant if she or her colleagues were to leave their station to bring us the drinks upstairs.Our arrival at the 2nd floor was greeted by a life-size Pavarotti statue and another hostess who I will call 'clueless'.  Clueless asked us how many were in our party to which I responded, "four, and we were just called upstairs"."OK sir", clueless responded, please just wait in the waiting area until your name is called.  Lo and behold, there were at least another eight parties waiting for their tables (really, Open Table should cease to do business with this establishment as their practice is downright insult to the concept of reservations).As other parties started giving up I kept inquiring clueless how long the wait is going to be, but clueless was being, well ... herself.At some point, dizzy from the hunger, I went inside the dining area to see whether I could score some bread.  A lady who looked like the head hostess was kind enough to grab some for me and informed us that it wouldn't take much longer before we could be seated.One hour after our reservation time we were at our table.  The dining area overlooks the grand canal of the Venetian shopping mall, Vegas at its best.Christmas brunch buffet consisted of high end selections such as lobsters, veal, oysters, cold cut meats, cheese, fish prepared in multiple ways.  Food was good, four stars.  Unfortunately the buffet was served by a row of miserable waiters.  I don't blame them, I'd be miserable too if I had to serve hungry, upset customers on Christmas day.  Hey, let me channel my inner Robert Irvine here: it's a Vegas buffet.  Would you consider letting your customers serve themselves?  Our waiter, Javier, was the sole reason why I rate this restaurant two stars.  He was friendly, attentive, and has a good sense of humor.  He was the only one I interacted who felt like he belonged there, in a high end establishment.  Five stars for him.Price was ok, $85 per person including tax and tips.  Expected price for Vegas.Overall, unless you must have an Italian meal and you must have it at the Venetian shopping mall I suggest you go elsewhere.  The Las Vegas Boulevard has probably the greatest concentration of restaurants in all of America except for Manhattan.  Customers are blessed with choices here.
3	The food here is really tasty and delicious but I would not go back. As a local, the taste of the food is important but if the service is terrible what's the point?! They waiters were obviously in a rush the whole evening and they even told us we better hurry or we will have to wait 2 hours to get our food. Then after they rushed us through our 3 courses bringing out the appetizers and the bread simultaneously, there was this old man who was some sore of manger giving us the death stare while we were finishing our drinks. He was so rude that he even came over to the table and told us we needed to leave because he had other reservations. After a $500 meal we were not happy being told to leave. There was on awesome waiter named Vinezio or something like that, the rest of them were sooooo rude. Go somewhere else if you want a true Italian meal.
4	Had dinner there last week when we were in town for New Year's Eve.My wife and I enjoyed the inclusive menu...Appetizer, salad, entree and dessert.I started with the calamari and breaded zucchini for my appetizer which both were very tasty. Not too tough and had a great taste.My entree was the Vitello alla Parmigiana. The veal was sliced very thin and was perfectly done. Sauce and pasta were a just the right accent.Desserts were a sample of a few little bites. Felt like that was the only part of the meal that was a little lacking.Service was great and our view was of the canal which was very nice.
