4	you'll probably never stay at this location, because there are so many places downtown to check in to, but i have enjoyed my stay at the springhill suites and have found their staff both nice and very understanding. i came in late and the front desk agent was quick with the key and wished me well as she told me about breakfast and internet options.  in the morning i enjoyed a "continental breakfast plus" (some hot options) and the dining area in the lobby has a great room feel and a very nice flat screen tv.  there is also a front porch with a few dining tables and it's shady and catches a breeze which became a perfect lunch spot for me and my salad.   i was granted a late check out so i sunbathed by the pool, waded around in it for a while and generally sweated. a lot.  there is also a small gym with a treadmill, bike and elliptical which i did not use but looked at intently as i passed by.  the room was clean, the bed was comfortable, the air conditioning was on and the kitchenette was perfect for my 1 night/1 day stay.  best of all, even though i checked out at 2PM, they held my luggage while i did some touring, and now at 9 they continue to let me use their facilities while i wait for my ride who is approximately 5 hours late. without them i would literally be on the streets.
5	The staff is very friendly and the rooms are so cute. We were staying down the road at comfort suites but the room was smaller for double the price. This place just has a much better vibe!
2	This hotel was busy during the weekend I visited, and at times the front desk was short staffed. Noise in the rooms from nearby I-17 was a problem. There are so many hotels in this area, I'll stay somewhere else in the future.
5	The best hospitality service ever!!! Fahad (front desk) was the most accommodating and the friendliest of all. The hotel was clean and well maintained!Fahad and Josh let us party in their lobby the four nights during our stay! They made our stay a 5 star experience!!! Thank you so much for all your help!!
2	Stayed here four nights while in town for a family reunion. We stay at Marriott hotels almost exclusively and were a bit disappointed with this location. While our room was clean, the term "suites" was used very loosely.  There was one very small drawer to hold our clothes. The closet consisted of a 3 foot rod in an open area with about 8 hangers. The bed was very comfy but remained unmade one day while we were there, even though we were out of our room all day. Complimentary breakfast was standard. They were out of bottled water every day.  Lots of sodas and vitamin water but no plain water.  They did offer a water dispenser with small cups if you wanted to make the trip downstairs when you were thirsty. I don't think I would recommend unless you had no other options.
5	This is my go to place when I am in Phoenix, and I am in Phoenix a lot!!  The staff is AMAZING.  All of them, from the GM to housekeeping to the breakfast girls.  They treat me like I am royalty and do an amazing job. As a matter of fact, it is because of the hospitality here that I now pretty much stay at Marriott exclusively myself, and I know that all Springhill Suites are pretty much the same.  GREAT Value. GREAT Value.
