5	Classic "whole in the wall" Filibertos style restaurant.  Very unpretentious and basic style. Located in Guadalupe. Ordered the Chili Rellenos special for lunch. Reasonably priced at ~ $7. I usually only buy the Chili Rellenos dinners -so I can compare all the Mexican restaurants an also because I love this dish.Anyways - rice nice and fluffy,beans tasty and Chili Rellenos very tasty. Also came with a side of salsa and another spicy sauce. I talked to some of the locals who were  eating there and they all seemed very happy with the food. One guy pointed out that he always came on a Wednesdays for the $1 Tacos. Unfortunately I missed the specials signs.  Nice covered area out front plus eating in-side if required.As Arni said - "I'll be back"
2	Average mexican food - Just OkI wouldn't go out of my way for this food as it's very average mexican food. They offer  things like hamburgers etc. For better food and better service I would rather eat at Garcias.
1	Rip Off!I came here on a Saturday morning and tried their breakfast burritos. I ordered three Loretos breakfast specials. There supposed to have egg, potato, bacon, and cheese. I paid over 15 bucks for three.  I came home and opened my burrito and all there was was potatoes sprinkled with little bacon bits, and very little visible egg. My wifes and daughters burritos all were the same, All potato very very little egg sprinkles. I could have gone to the store and made potato burritos myself and well under 15 bucks! If all the rest of their food is this bad, I will not go back!Rip Off! If I could give Zero stars I would...
5	Yummy!!!! This is definitely a whole in the wall place but you will NOT regret stepping inside. The beef tacos are delicious, similar to Julio's too, if you have been there. I also got the red beef tamale. Boy boy was that amazing! Try this place out, you will not regret it!!!
5	Little hole in the wall type place. Absolutely delicious fish tacos. My only other complaint is that the Mexican rice was a little weak. Other than that gotta check it out. My coworkers had a burrito and said it was awesome!!!!
3	Stopped in by chance, after not being able to find another restaurant in the area. There were quite a few cars in the lot and people eating outside. Found out it was 99 cent taco Wednesday. I was going to try a few tacos, but they only had the special for hard shell, not soft tacos, so I went for the carnitas. You order through a small window and then wait for the food to be done. There is no table service. Food was priced well, but the portions were not large. I had enough carnitas meat for two tacos only and the rice and beans were maybe 3/4 of a spoon full. The flavor overall was average at best. The salsa was bland.
4	Everything we've tried is always fresh tasting and delicious.  Typical Mexican menu plus some American mac & cheese/chicken fingers for kids and some burgers.Fan of the entire menu.  But I think this location is best considered as Guadalupe, unless that side of the street is Tempe(?)I have ordered several catering platters and they're always a hit for b-days and work events.  Yummy dark red salsa too.
