3	The sandwiches are great, especially the ham and capicola.  Service is friendly.  My only complaint is they're closed on Sundays.  What gives?  People still gotta eat every day of the week.Last time I was in here the staff was on edge and the sandwiches were completely wrong.  Seems hit or miss these days...
4	I love SubStation sandwiches. Their bread is really weirdly good and unlike any other bread I've ever had. I should have taken a picture of my sandwich, but I was too busy engulfing it to pause and pose it. It's just the right amount of chewy and salty, and it's perfect. The service is always really fast, and I am in love with their All Cheese. I think it's #12. Get it all the way, and you have to ask for pickles. These shops sometimes look a little run-down, but the food makes up for it. It's good and local, so you get all the benefits of Jersey Mikes or Subway without feeling like a soul-less corporate whore.
4	Subway is good, Sub Station II is great. This regional (Southeast) chain piles on the meat, cheese and veggies just as well as the other big name sammie shops in town. This one is particularly my fave as it's so close to my house AND they are now open a few hours on Sundays. Which it seems that Sunday is always the day I'm hankering for a sammie. Inside, Substation II is pretty straight forward - a small collection of tables and chairs and an sandwich bar to place your order. I like the #10 (Turkey and Cheese) and occasionally I'll have them add bologna on my #10. Yup, bologna, the delicious mystery meat. The bread is always fresh, the meat always meaty and overall I'm just happy to have a sandwich in my hands in no time flat. The employees here have always been patient and friendly, both in-person and on the phone while placing a to-go order. If only they delivered...
4	These subs are great! Cut fresh and made to order every time. This is very similar to Jersey Mikes int hat that cut the meat fresh right in front of you. Almost 50 different types of sandwiches available to choose from. Staff is always friendly and are gracious for the business. Even if a Subway or Quizino's was in the area, this would still be my choice. About 15 tables available to sit in and they also over large subs for catering! It's even open on Sunday's from 11am-4pm, which is great, as it's hard to find a sandwich place on Sunday's open.
5	I'll choose Sub Station II over any other sub place any day of the week. While I'm not really a person who thinks "Ohhh, I want a sandwich. I'll go out and get one" since I can make one at home--when I do have a hankering for one-Sub Station II it is. They have a huge selection of cold and hot subs which you can get small or a large plus a number of salads (which I always say I'm going to try but I succumb to the siren calls of their Reuben). As opposed to Subway and others-they slice their meat right in front of you so it's not all slimy and gross and the staff has been nothing but nice each time They have a good number of tables plus an interesting decor that reminds me of thrift store trinkets which I just dig. And just like Chick Fil A, I crave it every Sunday since it's closed--that's really my only gripe.
3	Sub Station was alright, but I wish I was more impressed.  I would probably choose Laurel Market South down the street before coming here again.  It is like subway, but with some more variety.  They have some specials and a few unique things.  I went with a smoked pork sandwich that they were selling from a partnership with some BBQ guy.  It was pretty standard, probably would have been better fresh.  There was also a large bone in it, which wasn't pleasant but I guess is evidence that the meat was the real deal.  They ran out of coleslaw (which came with the meal as listed on the menu) so I asked for another side or some money back and they acted really peeved and said the coleslaw was a freebie.  I didn't really comprehend that answer, so they gave me a cookie to make it better.
4	Solid place to get a good sandwich.  Everyone that works here is beyond friendly and I'm always in and out in no time.  They have an enormous menu and everything looks delicious.  I always go with the #18- salami, pepperoni and ham.  If you are a fan of the "Italian" sub, you'll love it.
3	I've always been a fan of this chain and rarely find fault.We have been twice now to this location since we moved to SouthEnd.  I still prefer the bread quality at the Independence/485 location, but this is certainly the once closes to home.  We went once and again a week later.  The first time was good and the staff was average.  Last week we went and the ladies working there were unbelievably rude and unhelpful.  They didn't even make the sandwiches correctly.  It was odd.  I'll keep an eye out on this one Yelpers.  Hopefully this was a one time oddity because their subs ARE by far better than Jersey Mikes/Subway/ETC.
1	The man serving me was very rude. I tried to ask a question before ordering and he brushed me aside.  Then I got my order and it was not what I expected - egg in chicken salad!? I had to chuck the whole thing.
4	I have been here several times, but I'm pretty sure I've only gotten one thing out of all the times I've been there - the hummus wrap.  It is very good.  Get it.  Oh, and add honey mustard.
2	After being given a couple of recommendations from people and co-workers I finnally decided to give The Sub Station a try. I decided to try their steak and cheese. Being able to get whatever add-ons I wanted without extra cost is great, the fact that I didn't get much or that they weren't evenly distributed wasn't so much. I decided on a nice bowl of soup to go with the sandwich, watery cheddar and stiff broccoli. Which had to be microwaved before served.And that was only my first experience.Thinking it may have just been a bad day, or I made the wrong choice in sandwhich (which shouldnt happen in the first place) I chose a chicken sandwhich. Again, getting tons of add-ons the only consistent one was the slices of tomato and lettuce, I was lucky enough to count three pieces of chopped onion and there was No oil and vinegar. So I had to ask for some ranch, which was pitifully bland.I could be just catching them on a bad day, but if everytime I go there is a bad day for them. Maybe I'll just stay away so they can have good ones from now on. 3X3 Analysis:Pros:- Nice amount of seating which is not intrusive to the order line or drink station.- Decent wait time.- Free refills (though I'm not sure if they were free or they just don't care).Cons:(I'll have to narrow this down as I am only putting the top three in)- Bored or uninterested staff, it seems they'd much rather be somewhere else or doing anything but making food.- Disinterested for the care of the sandwich, not one of the sandwiches I got were well built.- Almost total lack of condiments, your only choice besides oil and vinegar is Sarachi sauce. Final Decision:I doubt I will be returning there by choice. If I absolutely have to I may just ask for some chips and a large soda. Maybe a pack or two of crackers. So long as its nothing they actually make.
2	I've been here twice.  Food is adequate but definitely not the best.  Service is very slow.  You spend your whole lunch break standing in line.  I won't go back.
4	Subway, smubway. Sub Station II wins in my book.Nothing fancy here. Just a small shop that cranks out delicious sandwiches. There's usually a line, but the wait is never long. Pressed for time? Call in your order and pick up. You'll be in and out in five minutes.Most of the small sandwiches you can get for around five bucks. They have a sandwich for everyone. I usually get a small #10 (turkey and cheese), all the way, add mayo and jalapenos. Sometimes I get crazy and go for the #13 (ham, salami, pepperoni). They do not skimp on the meat. The veggies and bread are always fresh.Sandwiches not your thing? SSII does salads as well. Heads up: make sure the person at the slicer gets your ticket. I see so many people who forget and then can't figure out why it's taking so long to get their food.
1	The tuna sub was pretty good, despite tasting a tad oily from not being thoroughly drained, but the real problem at this location was definitely THE INCONSIDERATE STAFF.It was my first time there last night (Tues - Nov 26 - 4pm), and I assumed when my order was complete, they'd either call out to me that it's ready or maybe even bring it over. Ten minutes later, one of them yells over that my order has been ready "for a while." That's okay, that one might be on me, but it did seem really odd that with 3 people on the clock, none of them thought to make sure their ONE CUSTOMER realized their order was ready. That's serious lazy considering I tipped about 35% at the register.But the BIG BIG problem was how clueless these 3 people were about how to act around customers. Standing in 3 separate parts of the restaurant, the three of them maintained a loud and non-stop conversation that was loaded with vulgarity and some pretty inappropriate topics.Wasn't offended by the language, was offended by the stunning LACK OF COURTESY!Even when it wasn't crude, it was so ridiculously LOUD as to be completely inconsiderate. Who wants to eat in a noisy sub shop filled with teenage-acting 20-somethings who show no concern for paying customers?  I mean if they can't clear that ONE SMALL HURDLE, I shudder to think how incompetent they probably are at maintaining a clean kitchen.SUB SHOP ACROSS THE STREET - YOU GOT A NEW CUSTOMER!
5	I'd given up on trying to find a great sub shop. But this place his the nail on the head. It's classic style, good ingredients, and daily specials lend toward a very pleasant experience, especially if you're looking for a quick bite.
5	The service is really friendly here.  I like how it feels personal and how the staff remembers you.I don't remember ever getting much of a wait in line - either that's because their service is so quick or I just hit it right sometimes.Meat is good, and they're not stingy.  I like the condiments/toppings, especially the pickles.  Tomatoes are fresh and good, too.
3	I've been trying different deli's all over town and I would say that overall this place is just Ok. I would stop here before a subway .. Cold cuts are cut right in front of you so everything is pretty fresh. Unlike subway where the meat just sits in those containers at subway for days....If your looking for a quick sandwich in your lunch break, this would be a good place to stop.
2	I hate to be the Debbie Downer, but I always thought their service is lacking. I come here every so often for lunch, and that's the worst time. I have to say they have gotten better, but for the most part they are still hit & miss with taking order and preparing the sub the way it was ordered.Case in point, I was distracted by 2 people smack next to me having a conversation. I ordered my normal #38 Turkey Cordon Bleu (half). Somehow I ended up being charged for a combo which I didn't say I wanted. And instead of taking that off the order, the guy behind the register just looked at me like "well, go get yourself a bag of chips." And when I got my sandwich, it didn't have anything on it that I asked for (all the way, no vinegar, with mushroom & honey mustard). Their system is so outdated, that after you pay, they gave you a real print out little ticket from the cash register, which you then have to give it to one of the 2 people behind the counter making the sandwich. This system would work if the 2 sandwich makers are spot-on, but they normally aren't.  Having lunch should not be a frustrated event, and for that reason I think I'll at least give this place a break for a long while before consider coming back. If you want a sub near this area, just head to HT. At least it's cheaper.
1	Worst cheese stake I ever had! Meat was dry, came with peppers onions & mushrooms, no onions, 1 mushroom & the bell-peppers weren't cooked.
