5	Great service, great coffee, perfect atmosphere to relax or get some work done. I enjoyed my time there.
5	DUDE!!! Grove Coffee is the best place to just sit and do homework and read while enjoying the most fantastic cup of coffee. The staff is always personable and excited to see me. I love the environment and the set up. PLUS they are way cheap. under 4 bucks for every coffee. it's awesome. you gotta try it!
5	My husband and I were in town visiting from CA and we, unfortunately, are kind of coffee snobs, so didn't have high expectations. But I had yummy decaf coffee at The Grove and also a fresh fruit smoothie (no dairy) which was awesome. Both were reasonably priced. My husband loved his regular coffee too. Great atmosphere, comfy couch, cool art. We will be back!
5	Really nice coffee shop and a much better spot than your usual local Starbucks.  They have great coffee and very friendly kind service!
5	Grove Coffee.  Always friendly service, laid back atmosphere and golden coffee. Grove Coffee Shop is where people are free to connect and get lost in conversation.  Looking for a great spot where people treat you like family, come to Grove Coffee!
5	I was really impressed walking in here and then walking out with a delicious almond-milk latte (I've only seen soymilk as a milk alternative in lots of other coffee places, so that was a huge plus!).First off, it was a Fri 8ish morning, so NO LINE (yay!) and the gal that attended me was very friendly and cheerful/upbeat.  You could tell she like her job and that made for a plus experience.  I watched her grind my beans, tamp them, and the rest of the ordeal and was quite impressed with the flavor of steamed almond milk with a latte (my first!).  It was flavorful and nutty and had a very perculiar taste that I immediately fell in love with.  I will have to get another almond-milk latte here.. which won't be hard because they are really close by.. oh, and cheap!  Flavorful $3.50 16oz almond-milk latte + nice inviting atmosphere + friendly staff = 5 stars!  Seriously the ONLY downside was I really wish they had pastries that were 'cafe'-like.. ie. homemade muffins or cookies.  Costco muffins are awesome, don't get me wrong, but I think it would be cool if they had local or home-made goodies :)  it would nicely round out the place!  Still.. I'm a fan and will be back! Nextime I'll bring my nook and read.
5	I just got done eating at one of my favorite sushi restaurants, Otaku, when I decided I needed an afternoon pick me up before heading back to work. I pulled out the old iPhone and yelped coffee shops in the area and it led me to this magical place called Grove Coffee that was very close by. Boy did Yelp strike gold with this gem of a place. Fantastic fantastic fantastic coffee! I had the Cuban and it was absolutely one of the best cups of coffee I've had. The barista was very nice and explained all of the ingredients that went into the Cuban to me. I wish I had better listening skills to explain it to you all but you might as well just go and get one for yourself. The barista was very interested to hear about my feedback. We talked a good bit about possible ideas for them and I think a happy hour special is around the corner. Wouldn't be too shabby. Very chilled relaxed atmosphere. Parents were enjoying their coffee while there was plenty of kids activities to keep the children entertained i.e. board games to play with and a jungle gym in the back. Don't worry parents, there is outdoor seating for you to watch your kids enjoy the playground. Definitely my new favorite coffee shop in Chandler, or Gilbert...whatever, pretty much same city. It is right next to the Grove Church which makes it pretty hard to see from the street. Not the best visibility but hey, can't win them all. There is a Starbucks up the road, do yourself a favor and drive a quarter mile South and enjoy the wonderfulness of Grove Coffee.
5	I was surprised - no, shocked - to find such an incredible coffeeshop in this suburban area. My coffee was prepared with pour-over brewing, my first clue to the quality being a patient, quality-focused brew. There was a table setup where 2 staffers were cupping a few drinks as I was there. The owner works directly with farmers to provide fair trade offerings, and has a pedigree as a former Cartel employee. This is a recipe for success but it all means nothing to a coffee snob like me unless the coffee is good. I'd ordered the Costa Rican, and it was fantastic! Great value for the generous size of the drink, too (only $2.50 for a real "large," not those little 12oz cups.) This was my first time in the area for a workout and I live 40 minutes away, so I'm not sure how often I'll be back but if you are anywhere east of Cartel in Tempe, this is - dare I say -at least comparable to Cartel and by far the best coffee anywhere in the area. I highly recommend it!
4	I really like the Grove. Non-Christians should probably know THIS IS AT A CHURCH. I am an Athiest, so I was slow to go to the Grove but when I finally did it was nice. Very hip-looking place, with interesting decor and merch, cozy places to sit and hang out, and very legit coffee. Lawrence is a very nice, intelligent coffee afficionado and his customer service is great. There's another guy who works there sometimes whose social skills are lacking and I've felt like you need to wait forever for the guy to make your coffee. I can only hang out in a church for so long before the walls catch on fire! Anyway, they really exceeded my expectations and for the God- and coffee-loving types, you'd probably really dig this place.
5	Cute cafe that serves single origin, Nicaraguan Provisions coffee. Coffee drinks are hand-poured - a nice treat. One of the baristas was trained at Intelligentsia (Chicago). Coffee is reasonably priced. Square-enabled!
4	This is a hidden gem.  And I mean hidden.  If you don't know it's there you'll never find it.  If you do know it's there it still may take some looking!They are part of a church campus.  "The Grove" sign is quite visible from Gilbert Rd, but this coffee shop isn't particularly well-marked.  To help you out, the easiest approach is the turn in by the sign "The Grove" and park in the lot that you just entered.  There is a second entrance just north of the sign that will take you around back.  That can work too, but isn't as obvious.  Once parked you want the small building that you're looking at (glass doors).They have a very comfy seating area (like a living room), a few tables (inside and outside), and the coffee bar.  Now...on to the coffee...The coffee is probably some of the best you will ever have.  They get it directly from farmers in Central America as part of their charitable work (they go to villages and help dig wells, build houses, improve farming, etc....any proceeds from this shop goes back to that charitable work).  They actually bring the beans back and roast them here.  So they cut out middlemen both in buying the beans and in processing (roasting them).  The result is gourmet coffee that is less expensive than most outlets.  Here, also, your coffee is prepared custom.  Not much machinery.  The girl hand-tamps the coffee for your espresso, etc.  The result is a really outstanding coffee.They have several offerings (their "Cuban" is extremely popular and very good).  You can get various additions like almond milk, or cream, or pistachio...etc.If you are a coffee person, this is the place for you.  The ONLY thing I can ding them on is that their selection of munchies to go with the coffee is extremely limited.  They get a few items from a grocery bakery, but not many.  I would only deduct half a star for that, but YELP doesn't give me that option.  If they ever improve their munchie offerings I will update with that fifth star.
5	Can't wait for my weekly (ok - sometimes daily) coffee or Chai fix :-)  Great coffee, atmosphere and relaxing.  Amber is a great barista :-)  Try it; you'll definitely be back.
5	Absolutely amazing coffee! Amber always makes my beverages perfectly and helps me find some awesome flavors to incorporate into my drink. Definitely give this place a try, you will not be disappointed.
5	Took advantage of the check in offer while I was walking around today, and absolutely loved it. Great patio and comfortable inside. Service was outstanding, I will definitely be back
5	Love the hand crafted coffee. Delicious treat!
3	This place has a lot going for it. I started coming here about two years ago when it first opened. Provision Coffee had just been born and the Grove was the first brick and mortar location where they were serving. My very first drink was the Cuban. It was VERY well-made thanks to Lawrence the barista/manager at the time. I started becoming a regular - two to three times a week at least and Lawrence would make a mean cappuccino with some beautiful micro-foam and if the espresso wasn't perfectly pulled he would re-do it on the spot. Over the past 8 months or so the coffee shop manager has changed - and the staff just hasn't been making coffee at the level that Lawrence was. It's still got a great space with comfy seats, relaxed atmosphere and the pecan grove next door is gorgeous. However, I maybe come here once every three months now because the coffee isn't any better than Starbucks (of which I'm not a fan). And if I go its more for a quiet place to work than for the coffee.
4	I stumbled upon this place when yelping for a coffee shop while across town for work.My main gripe would be the location being very hard to find. I had to make 2 U-turns even using navigation to find this place. The gal that works here mid week is very sweet and personable. I have been in multiple times and hope she is there. A gentleman was working with her one weekend and he was not the friendliest. That iced cuban coffee is delicious.I will continue to come back to grab an iced cuban when on that side of town and hope my favorite barista is working. :)
5	Visited here based on Yelp comments. Very nice atmosphere. Good iced coffee. I recommend this placed and will definitely come back.
5	So much better than Starbucks.  Fresh made baked goods!  Doesn't get any better!
5	Great coffee and atmosphere. Very friendly staff that makes you feel at home. It's a wonderful place to meet up with a friend in the south Chandler/Gilbert area.
4	The Grove Coffee is a 7-day a week coffee house on The Grove Church grounds.   It offers ample parking and amazing ambiance with soft tunes and a comfy outdoor area.  The music is 99% Christian but if your not religious it's soft enough to not be a distraction to you.  There is a grass area with balls for the kids to throw and kick around whilst you relax and enjoy your coffee.  There were only a few pastries and fruit for purchase so don't expect to get breakfast here.  The barista was very nice when taking our order and allowed us to wait on the cool shaded patio.The coffee:  they use Providence Roasters (Guatemalan today)Caramel Macchiato - soy milk and caramel flavor dominated the coffee.  The caramel was tasty but I wanted a little less sweet.Dirty Chai - chai flavor dominated this drink and there were four shots of espresso.  It is a good chai though.Decaf Mocha - Unfortunately we ordered a white mocha because my mom can't have chocolate.  We added an extra shot and the mocha was strong, but didn't over sweeten the coffee.  I think less mocha would have been good here as well.Vanilla Frappe - this was the best of all the drinks.  The vanilla is a light flavor leaving room for the coffee to blossom inside the glass.Overall, just too much flavoring added to each drink with exception of the vanilla frappe.  I would highly recommend this place for a stop, but you need to micro-manage the sweetening process.  5 stars for the ambiance, 2 stars for the barista.  I can't rate the coffee because I couldn't taste it through the sweets.  I guess that's my bad.Here's how the shots breakdown for each size; additional shots cost $0.75.Small - 1 shotMedium - 2 shotsLarge - 4 shots
5	Had a Grove Blended, pistachio mocha coffee drink. Tasted awesome! Would definitely come back.
4	Disclaimer: I am not a coffee drinker.This is part of the Church and it didn't really look like a coffee house when you look from the outside. However, the inside was cute and great for hanging out. The Barista was friendly. The choice of bakery was very limited. I ordered a Cafe Mocha and it was pretty good. I was hoping it came out in a cup with the awesome design on the top, but it came out in a plastic cup even though I had it at the store. Somehow, in my head,  the coffee taste better in a cup with awesome art on top. :)One more thing, they use the ipad for credit card transaction. The weird thing is that there are only 3 set options of tips, $1, $2, and $3. I think it will be useful to have another option of "other amount".
1	Well if I could have entered, I may have been able to review the coffee...I'm new to the area and wanted to try different coffee places...This place had good reviews but for the new person, the construction outside left me wondering if the place was even open! I pulled up to huge construction trucks and no signs directing me of where it even was!!There needs to be better signage of where to go for the coffee and if it's open during the construction, post clear signs!!
5	Best coffee! Easy to give Starbucks a kick in the pants!  This place has great ambience, great service, great coffee and conveniently located near CGCC and the freeway.  Also makes a great place to "work" away from home!
4	We wanted to try this new place out. I really like their pistachio frappuchino! New and overall nice views. Only thing is they can do is extend their hours. Would be fun to go here in the afternoon or at night to enjoy their drinks!
