4	This "salon" (if you can even call it that) is a one woman beauty shop. Haircuts are ridiculously cheap-only $20 for a woman's haircut. Men's are generally $15. In return, you get what I would price as a $60 haircut!Much of Helen's styling is more influenced by Asian hair trends (she is from Korea) but as long as you show her a picture, she will duplicate the haircut. Plus, I love the Asian flare my hair now has! :)I think her strength is in her cutting so not sure I can recommend her as a colorist.In down times, this salon is a great way to save money! Why pay way more than you need to for a mediocre haircut?
5	Decent hair cut for men's, too,
5	I can't believe Helen Magic Hair has no positive reviews.This is one of the best hair shop and really popular . If there is one thing I can complain about this place is that sometimes there are too many people, so I need to wait. So I try to go when others cannot go. I think everyone has their own style,, so hard to evaluate hair stylist with subjective opinion. Here are what I really like about this place. First she is very very kind, even when she must be tired she never loses her smile and really treat her customers with good manner. As a person who is running a business I really respect that and I try to learn from her. Second, she is very honest and fair, when you just need to trim your hair she charges accordingly, not like flat rate. Third, she is very fast, once she found out what I want, she does her job with really smart moves. I think this is really great shop
5	she's great
5	I lived in Arizona for 20 years and tried several Asian hair dresser during those years since I have not been able to find a good American salon who knows how to properly cut Asian hair. Ever since I first visited Helens hair several years ago, I haven't been going to any other places for my haircut needs.  I don't mind the 30 mile drive from where I live to get the kind of cut I want. Not to mention the cheap price! She does Way better job than 60+ dollar scottsdale hair salons in my opinion. Helen is also a very kind, dedicated, and honest devoted Christian person, she will never overcharge or add hidden fees and willing to fix if you're not happy with the style for some reason. She would always offer refreshment and if I happen to go during breakfast or lunch time,  she would even offer food.  Maybe she does because I've been a regular customer for so many years but the bottom line is she really knows how to cut and style my hair in a very efficient manner. I've been to many different Korean and other Asian hair dressers in the valley in the past and Helen is by far the best and most skilled with her scissors.  Highly recommended.
4	Set an appointment prior to coming here and when I got there I was sitted right away. I never exactly know how I want my hair but the lady who cut my hair cut it nicely. She did do it pretty fast, in a way felt rushed but it was good enough to come back again.
