1	Even my 5 yr old hated it. Only went here because we were early for our movie that was next door.This place is an abomination.  Folks, it's empty when you walk in FOR A REASON.
5	I am giving this place five stars because it delivers what it is supposed to...fast, fresh, healthy and tasty food. It is our go to spot for food to sneak into the theatre. It is consistently good.
4	Overall great food. I highly recomend the Thai chicken or buffalo chicken pitas. Very good and healthy alternative for lunch. They cook to order and you can watch them make your food. Very tasty and healthy, but unfortunately pricey. 1 Regular Pita is about $7 not including chips or drink.
5	Okay if you are dieting then this place is a godsend! The buffalo chicken pita is under 300 calories and incredibly filling. In fact, they have all of the calories and nutrition listed on the wall. The service is always quick and friendly and the food is great. Perfect for a quick lunch bite.
4	I went here for the first time with some friends this weekend. The food was amazing! I had the chicken club pita and it was so delicious. Normally when I eat at a sandwich shop, I am ready for sandwich number two after about an hour or so, but I was satisfied and wasn't hungry until dinner time (for a first!). The service left a little to be desired, it took a bit of time to get our food, and I think we repeated out order about 4 times before they "got it". But, I would totally go back, too bad there isn't on in my neck of the woods.
5	The food was really really good and the prices were very reasonable so a definite 2 thumbs up for me.  We had the Chicken Soulveka (?spelling), the Mandarin Chicken Salad, and the pita chips.  Everything tasted really fresh.  But the best thing was the Pita Pizza because our 7 year old and 5 year old both loved it.   The reason we gave them 5 stars was that the staff was really nice and made great suggestions.  The location is great because it's right next to Harkins Theatres; we just found out that they have a Dinner and a Movie promotion.  We'll definitely be back !  NOTE: I just read the 1 star comments and I believe that they are under new management so give them a try.
3	I give them an A or effort, but they are not what I was hoping. The concept looked amazing on paper and I was so excited to try their food. I walked in and it was very blah. There wasn't anything that made me WANT to eat there except me seeing their menu online. I got the buffalo chicken pita and was super excited because I love buffalo wings and sandwiches!  Unfortunately I was let done. It tasted ok but also tasted very "fake". I didn't feel like it was fresh or high quality. I was hoping for more. Would I go back? Maybe if I was already there with no where to et but I wouldn't make a conscious decision to no.
3	Like an upscale Subway with Pitas.  Enjoyed the Thai Chicken, but wasn't blown away.  This isn't Haji Baba but better than Subway.
5	I love this healthy alternative. Fresh ingredients and always yummy. Compared to a subway, port of subs or other sandwich shop, it really is much better. I do not think I have ever had a bad meal here and I have been coming here regularly for at least 3 years now.
4	I'm usually not a big fan of pita places but my coworker loves this place because it's healthy and they even show the calories on the menu. I went for the chicken shawarma and was not disappointed. It reminded me of a chicken pita I usually get at The Pita Jungle (although not as good). I though it was a little on the pricey side too. I think Pita Jungle is a tad cheaper for the same thing. I like that a lot of their pitas have meat in it that's cooked to order and it's not just a salad in a pita. Service is very friendly and the food comes out relatively quick. This is a great lunch place if you're looking for something quick and healthy. It beats Subway, that's for sure.
4	I have been returning to Extreme Pita for a few years now and I have to say I like it and that I am a fan.  I usually get the Falafal or the Bourbon Chipotle.  I never get weighted down eating there.  Lots of veggies and thin pita bread.  The price is right for a quick bite.
5	This place is real good for feeding your wife before a movie. It's way cheaper than most of the other restaurants around the area and it's pretty healthy so your wife won't get a pot belly. Win win in my book. Also you can probably sneak a pita into the movies if you're short on time. This is a lot better than eating a whole bunch of popcorn.
4	Simply put its like the Pita version of Chipotle. You choose the ingredients you want stuffed into your pita. I chose the Chicken Shawarma pre-chosen one where all the ingredients are ones they chose.  Not bad.  Pretty fresh ingredients. Not a whole lot of chicken though. I did like the paper they wrapped it in. It's perforated so that when you sit down to eat, you tear at the perforation which uncovers the top half of your pita so the bottom is still wrapped for you to hold onto while eating so it doesn't fall apart.
5	I stopped by for lunch the other day and ordered a chicken souvlaki pita.  The girl working up front was very friendly and it only took a couple of minutes to order, get my food and pay.  The pita was really tasty and didn't leave me feeling stuffed.  I'll definitely be back.
5	Love Extreme Pita! My kids love the pizza.
5	Friendly and conveniently located. Love the Grilled Chicken Pita! Never a bad lunch.
4	Just tried this pita place for lunch as they had mailed my office some coupons and I was pleasantly surprised! They had way more toppings than I expected (bean mix, broccoli salad, tabbouleh, 3 different kinds of hummus and tons of fresh veggies). I also really liked their tuna option, as it's not mixed with mayonnaise, allowing you to create your own 'tuna salad' wrap by choosing from their hummus options or other sauces. It's really convenient that they list the calories for the pitas and for $6, the 'regular' size was a perfect portion! I'm definitely coming back to try their falafel and veggie pita, too.
4	I am a fan of this place, and its a nice quick and healthy meal.Granted, if you are looking for an authentic Mediterranean or Greek pita/gyro eatery, then this is not for you. This is a very Americanized pita place. I can probably best describe it as the "Subway" of pita shops. Personally, I think the choices are great. They have a lot of "pre-made" pitas that you can order from, but I tend to always order freestyle. So far I have enjoyed everything I have asked them to shove in that Greek burrito. (It ends up looking like a burrito in the end)Their hummus is good, and I am not sure if they make their own pita chips in-house or they are shipped in, but they are very tasty as well. All in all, it is a great place to get a healthy tasty meal without costing too much.
5	Better than I expected. Got the chicken cesar pita. Delicious. I got garlic pita chips as well, and they were pretty good. Would have been better if I had gotten the hummus.I was tempted to try one of the gyro pitas. But wasn't sure if it'd be as good as an actual gyro/greek place. Maybe next time?
5	First time there today. Stopped by before seeing a movie. I ordered the  Grilled Chicken  grilled chicken, tomato, cucumber, mushroom, romaine lettuce, red onion, green pepper and Tzatziki sauce.I ordered an extra Tzatziki sauce, it needed it imo.Wash delish:)
2	Thought I would stop in at this place since it is close to work, it's healthy, and it's clean. Looks like a converted subway with an actual grill. Fresh veggies and pita bread. I ordered the Hercules that has gyro meat inside of it with your regular things inside, but I'm picky and didn't get some veggies I don't like. The lady plops the meat on the grill to heat it up and I'm already disappointed. Gyro meat should never be grilled on a grill, ever. And they weigh it out so I knew it wasn't going to be enough meat, and it comes with double meat! My wrap was sad. But I blame myself. This place is just not for me. Was also disappointed they didn't have ice tea made. Looks like they are equipped for it but get lazy and don't make it. I won't be coming back, but I did like the atmosphere, the concept, and it is a genuine original good idea for an alternative to a sub shop. So it's definitely better for your body to eat here. Just not for me. If your mainly a meat eater and not much of a health nut, go somewhere else
1	They are closed! Was bummed because I saw all the positive reviews!Ended up next door at Skewer's and had a great meal.
