3	I really want to give this place a good review.For what  they are  a bowling alley they really have a good set up.  IWe brought the family for a 13.99 deal per person , which was supposed to include  unlimited pizza, 2 hours  of bowling and shoes. Great deal. But when we arrived they were swamped , the cashier said they couldn't use the coupln because they were too swamped and didn't have pizza. He talked us into a similar deal which basically about the same price  but we got soda and popcorn.  But as we were bowling we saw tons of Pizza being made which seemed lame , especially since we were hungry  but didn't want bowling alley food.  Strange... However the alley itself is clean and neat and looks recently cleaned up / remodeled. They have day glo balls , bright colors and music videos going .. aesthetics were pleasing. We had a good time all in all, just wished  we didn't feel baited and switched ...
2	I do not like food here.  At all.Gross beyond gross.Like high school cafeteria pizza.Since I also don't like bowling, I will not return.
4	My child bowls here on a league.  We like it.  Yeah bowling alleys aren't known as good places to eat so who cares that it tastes like "school lunch"  They keep the alley clean and in good working condition.  It's a good sport for my child, keeps her busy and teaches her how to be a part of a team.  All good stuff.  They run the league really well, and my child has been doing this for 3 years now and, seriously, this is the longest she has gone without getting bored with something she chose to be involved in.  This is the main reason why I like this bowling alley.
4	This is my favorite place to go bowling in the valley, primarily because the customer service is awesome!  I go bowling fairly regularly and I have been pleased with the lane conditions, food, customer service, and overall cleanliness.  I will definitely continue to go back to this location!
4	It's been a really long time since I've gone bowling, and this wasn't a bad place at all.  It was pretty clean and the bowling specials they had available at the time I went were a very good value.The only thing I can really gripe about is their Bar. A pitcher of beer sounds like a good value, but when they get them out, there's a huge metal cylinder in the middle which they fill with ice from the bottom and screw on a cap before filling it with beer. Yes, it helps keep the beer cold but effectively it makes the pitcher accommodate about 60% of the volume. Very clever trickery that most people don't notice, but if you have any education at all it will probably just piss you off. We got some appetizers while we were there and truthfully they were pretty decent. The place was well stocked with public-use bowling balls of all sizes and weights (a problem other bowling alleys commonly have) and it wasn't crowded.I wasn't wowed, but I wasn't overly disappointed either with anything besides my beer, so...yeah, this place is alright in my book.
1	I think not!Would you turn away away a 20+ people party? They must be extremely unhappy with the company they work for because this is the 2nd time in a row I had a bad experience at this location with employees. I wanted to try again because the manager, who I guess is no longer there (good for her) was so nice about the last incident and begged me to come back and bowl on them. One of the employees ruined mothers day for everyone who came with us. So it wasn't some small trip bowling. So I attempted a return with 20+ close friends. Apparently they do not have group rates and apparently they are doing just fine financially that they can treat you like dirt for absolutely no reason other than you asking questions about packages.The manager Jason is beyond rude and should not be in charge and apparently they do not hold up what they offer. Where is my free bowling? I paid for something I never got last time. Not only did he not help me work this out he said he did not want our business because it's a holiday weekend anyway. So not only did he lose FOREVER my family of 5's business but the 20 other people who were going, along with their friends and their friends. I mean...stupid move kid. I was planning on having a bowling party at the end of volleyball season, as I coach/volunteer and I will no longer be having it here.Oh and I WILL tell all the parents why. I am also going to stop by my daughters school and chat about the free AMF bowling cards they send home and explain how Jason treats the guests when they try to go there. NEVER GO HERE MY FINE YELP FRIENDS. I have been bowling since I could hold a ball and this is not the place to give your money. I know that some location in this valley will be raking in a ton of money from me alone this weekend though. I will yelp who the lucky winner is! :) This is will be on Facebook displayed to my 700+ friends. Advertisement is the best.
5	My husband and I bowled here on a Thursday night with a Groupon.  There were about 6 lanes empty in the place, and the people working there made us feel like we were the only ones there.  I have never been to a bowling alley with such friendly people!
1	Just don't do it. Arrived early for cosmic bowling on a Saturday. The lady at the counter took down our name and told us that we could go for a drink at the bar until 10pm when cosmic bowling started. We grab a drink at their bar, then before 10 pm we headed back to the counter. The guy tells us that we have to wait in the long line like everyone else. We tell him that we arrived early and our name is on list. He fights with us and then decides to give in and assign us a lane and let us pay. We got lane 16 ... If you get this lane... run! Our ball got stuck SEVERAL times and it randomly gave people strikes without the ball even being thrown at least 5 times. We had to go to the counter several times and stayed patient. Towards 1 am I told the employee that we had a pretty bad experience and again our ball was stuck. I asked if there was anything he could do. He said: I will let you finish your game. (We only had 2 frames left.) I was not happy with this response but it was better than nothing so I took it. I turn around and the other guy Averill turned our lane off. I ran up to him to let him know that the other guy said we could finish. He didn't care. We returned our shoes and I told him that we were very unhappy with our bowling experience. He tells me: well you only complained a couple times. He then said: you obviously haven't been here on a Friday or Saturday night. This was not the response I was expecting from a team lead. I gave him my shoes and we left. There was no point saying anything to the employees. They don't care. They hate working on Friday and Saturday nights obviously.  They are unwilling to offer anything to disgruntled customers. I will never return here again! And No this is not my first time attending a cosmic bowl on a Saturday night. What an insult! Averill and the staff were horrible with customer service. They deserve 0 stars. I don't recommend this bowling alley to anyone!!
5	I love it!! Cashiers are so friendly & very polite. That's honestly the #1 thing that makes this place so inviting. Kinda in a ghetto area. But inside the bowling alley it's so much fun. Will definitely come again. :)
