5	Local family business that was helpful, very friendly, and exceptional customer service! They do great custom work and wouldn't go anywhere else in the Las Vegas area!
5	Came to this place because seen I was near it through yelp and needed an alarm install. Came here from swat motorsports and let me tell you.. never again. They blew out one of my door sills,  illuminated tape, and just a terrible experience. They also told me my car couldn't be worked on because it was "too dangerous" because of someone aftermarket electrical wiring for LEDS in my car I used to have. Now about DC..This place does there electrical 1000x better and CLEANER. When I brought my car in here they were very welcoming and after getting my quote and getting ready for the install, the part owner Carlos offered to give me a ride anywhere If i needed to go so I didnt have to wait for 3 hours as they installed my alarm. I did not accept and chose to stay there. As I stayed there we spoke and he showed me pictures of work he has done and let me be aware of everything that they do. Which is basically "Anything you can think of that is electronics in a vehicle, custom jobs, install etc, we can do". Which is exactly what it is. Pricing isn't too bad, the best part is they actually do a good job.I came back to the shop for a loose sensor in my alarm, and was STILL greeted and was helped instantly and problem was fixed with no hassle. Its not about how you treat a customer when there paying for work to be done, Its about how you treat them AFTER the work has already been done. And they did an outstanding job!Will deff be bringing my cars here for my electrical work and letting friends know about this place. Thanks
5	Hey People, This is Mark from Las Vegas Valley Window Tint. I had Carlos at DC Sound install a new Pioneer Navigation head unit and a set of DVD headrest monitors in a friends 2013 Nissan Rogue last week before she moved back to Florida last week with her kids. I must say that Chris (Shoe) & Paul (Dirty P) did a great job on the install. Now she has a 2,500 mile trip ahead of her with a one year old and a 10 year old. The trip is going great UNTIL! she gets to Birmingham, Alabama were she gets stuck in the snow storm back east. She was stuck on the interstate 40 for over 12 hours in her car and it's 13 degrees outside. She was so happy to have a tv so her kids could have something to keep them entertained wile they were stuck. So she wanted me to thank my friends at DC Sound for doing a great job on her car.
5	DC Sound is what's up!  Carlos took care of me and was very willing to accommodate me and my schedule.   Their work is some of the best available and a good attitude makes all the difference.If you want the best sound, come here and let Carlos set you up!
5	I am the guy who thought it would be a great idea to install an Appradio in my car myself. Everything went well, except I didn't have any sound. That's a small feature that I think is necessary in every car stereo install! lolI went here and was very impressed. They were able to fix my stereo so I finally have sound. They also installed the antenna for the navigation and the microphone for the phone. Also, the brackets I bought did not center the unit on the face of the dash. I told them about this and they were able to center everything. Everything was done clean and professional. The price was reasonable and I couldn't be happier.Carlos, the owner, even spent an extra 20 minutes after the install explaining to me how the app radio works and telling me about different types of speakers when I asked. I could tell he is very passionate about his business and car audio. Thanks again for everything DC Sound, I am glad to be listening to music again while driving!
5	Brought a brand new car, came here to get rid of the factory stereo and replace with something you can actually listen to without cringing. Carlos and crew did amazing work and now I'm able to cruise around with quality tunes. Customer service is amazing and I would recommend them to anyone wanting anything 12volt done to their ride. It's hard to find a good shop in Vegas that cares about what their customers needs are, and not just push them to buy products they don't need to make more money. Thanks Carlos, keep up the great work.
5	Simply phenomenal service at every turn. Truly refreshing to go somewhere where honestly and integrity is number one and not the bottom line. Had a pretty difficult/big job, Carlos and his team did an excellent job of making an otherwise stressful situation much more enjoyable and willing to go any amount of miles to be sure that the clients needs are being taken care of. Super friendly and incredibly helpful!! Carlos vast knowledge is impressive to say the least, but his ability to communicate that in terms I could understand is greatly appreciated. Overall.... I'm EXTREMELY satisfied and will bring all my vehicles there as well as recommend DC Sound to everyone I know.
5	DO NOT PASS THIS PLACE BY, YOU WILL REGRET IT.I cannot stop raving to my colleagues about this place. Words do not begin to convey the appreciation I have for Carlos and his crew.  From the onset this family establishment assured me that it would give me what I wanted all while being competitively priced and extremely knowledgable. If you need truly professional audio and video customization to your ride, stop by and visit DC Sound. You will not be disappointed.  A very good plus: If you do not have a way to drop your car off for work, no worries! DC sound has wifi, charging plugs, comfortable seating, and movies on a big screen theatre.  What else could a waiting customer want? They even offered to let me join in with their lunch order to Jimmy Johns!
5	Great work done by experienced staff! Work was all done in clean fashion, no problematic wiring, and professional service. This is my go-to shop for stereo needs. Quality work! Thanks DC Sound!
5	The staff is great here! Very friendly and humorous! They repaired the ac unit/radio on my Honda after a theft. I'm very happy with their service!
5	These are amazing guys...GR8 customer service...super friendly, and helpful...Sooooo glad I came here...
