5	We are so lucky to have these experts in our backyard.  The afterhours ER is an extra bonus.  I recently needed the ER and was extremely pleased with the care my dog received.  Seriously, no matter what odd ailment your pet has, there is likely an expert who specializes in that field.  If you're lucky, you may even get to work with a budding young vet student.  I find them to be so overly conscientious and smart...it's almost sickening.  And this is not just a place for locals...my parents used to bring our horses here for extra special care when the Chicago Vets were stumped.  You won't find more dedicated staff anywhere.  In fact, I would almost rather have these Vets treat me and my family rather than trust the local doctors, who by the way have left my son with a strange foot issue for the past several weeks.  We'll be in Chicago this weekend so I guess we can balance the universe and see a doctor at Northwestern and let more Chicagoans bring their sick pets to Urbana.
5	We brought our cat, Rocky, to the Small Pet Emergency and Critical Care unit at the teaching hospital, when we found him laboring to breathe under our bed.  It was not an easy decision to make: we are on a very tight budget and, besides, we had only adopted him the week before from the Humane Society.  But he was clearly in a lot of pain and needed help.Not only does the Teaching Hospital have state-of-the-art equipment and the best trained doctors and technicians, but they make it clear from the very beginning that their number one concern is the animal.  Yes, it is $98 for the visit and exam, which is eighteen more than the Animal Emergency Clinic, but boy were we happy with our decision.  Because it is a teaching and research hospital, our cat was able to participate in an imaging study, which provided free x-rays and CT scans, saving us upwards of $1,000.  And when the prognosis came back, and we explained that we could not afford the treatment, they were upfront with us about the realities of our cat's condition and even offered to try and match whatever we could afford to pay.If your pet is in trouble and you can't reach your vet, do the right thing and get it the help it needs.  We were too late for our cat, but we don't hold that against the hospital: they did everything they could to help, spending well over five hours and who knows how many resources.  I can't recommend them highly enough, and I urge anyone with a little extra money to donate.  Donations will help folks like us, who were not yet in a position to give their friend the help he needed.
5	I can't say enough good things about the Small Animal Clinic.They were upfront with me about my dog's condition and his prognosis.  They answered all my questions.  They told me about the University's Pet Loss/Grieving Service.  They told me what prices would be upfront; in the end, they charged me less; and, they gave me an itemized bill.My dog has cancer, an oral melanoma, and I took him there to get second opinion; I ended up deciding to treat my dog and Dr. MacFadden performed a mandibulectomy (sp?) where they removed part of his jaw.  I'm planning to have chemo for my dog now.  I had to leave my dog there for three days, for the surgery and the post-op recuperation.  A vet student from the Clinic, Darren Imhoff, called mebefore and after the surgery, and once every day to let me know how my dog was doing.  Darren went over the procedure with me before my dog went into surgery; then the surgeon came in and went over the procedure he'd follow in surgery with me again, this time using a model of a dog's head to show me where the incisions would be.The surgeon did a beautiful job on my dog's face.  In essence, he saved my dog's face.  My dog is still my dog when I look at him, and that makes me very happy, as does the fact that my dog is alert and happy.  His recuperation from surgery was surprisingly easy.When my regular vet reviewed the paper work and saw my dog after the surgery, he pointed out what a great job the surgeon had done on my dog and remarked on how thorough the pre-surgery diagnostic tests, and the reporting on them, were.I'm so grateful to the folks at the Small Animal Clinic.  I highly recommend them.  One other thing:  As you drive south down Lincoln Avenue in Urbana to get to the clinic, you pass the Japanese Gardens of the Horticulture School, which is very spiritually soothing when you're worried about your dog.
1	I took my dog here for a TPLO surgery.  U of I Vet Hospital botched the surgery by using too large of a blade and cutting too close to the bone!!!  My dog had to suffer for 8 months and required a secondary corrective surgery (which I went to a different vet for, one who actually knew what they were doing).  I highly recommend NOT taking your pet here!!!
3	I've been going here for years with my three dogs.   Our one dog has a rare eye disease that requires daily drops -- the opthomology dept here is top notch!  Dr. Hamor is so nice and super friendly.  We couldn't be happier with him and are very glad that such a great optho dept is so close to us!  When we lived in NJ, we had to drive an hour to get to a specialist.   But anyway, our youngest dog had a litter of pups, and we did all the reproduction work (xrays, ultrasound, fertilization, etc) through the reproduction dept.  TOP NOTCH!  EXCELLENT!  Can't complain... Dr. Sauberli is amazing.  We've also done dental work and dermotology work here as well --- EXCELLENT.  Now the bad stuff.... our eldest dog was diagnosed with rectal cancer.   It's not an immediately life threatening form, but they've given her less than a year basically -- she's almost 11.   We were all set on just giving her pain meds and eventually letting her go.  But the oncology dept had the surgical dept phone us and they basically guilted us into operating on her (saying that our dog would die a horrible death if left untreated and that if it was his dog, he would operate right away!  Age is not a disease.  Quality of life would be much better and she would be a happy dog).  Anyway, I had a bad feeling going into the surgery --- well, now our beloved dog is back home but is leaking poop everywhere (on the floor, on the couch, on their bedding, in the garage, at the door, EVERYWHERE).   She's incontinent.   I can't tell you how many times I've picked up poop that's leaking out of her butt or how many times we've washed the floor.  We've basically banished the dogs (the other two dogs just wind up stepping into the poop) to the backyard.   We don't even want them in the house anymore!  What kind of quality of life is that for us AND them?!  I've brought up these concerns with the surgical dept and they just said that maybe we could just confine her to a crate --- she's going to be lying in her poop?!  I don't think so.  I'm sooo mad at the UofI surgical department.  Just because they can perform the surgery, doesn't mean that they SHOULD perform the surgery.  Sometimes I think that since they're a teaching hospital, they're looking for patients that they can use so that they can teach the students.... they have their students best interests in mind, not the pets.....  but you'll never get them to admit that.     If you're going to come to the UofI for surgery -- I would think long and hard about it.  What will YOUR quality of life be post-surgery while looking after your pet.  What will your pets quality of life be post-surgery..... is it really in your best interest for your pet or just for the teaching aspect??
5	Our local vet recommended the U of I VTH when our puppy was in bad shape.  We drove over an hour to get him there.  The students and doctors are wonderful people and practice excellent care.  Highly recommended.
5	Was referred here from our primary care veterinarian to help diagnose and treat a dermatology issue with our dog. It was a relief to learn they are upfront with pricing and do not do unnecessary testing or procedures. Are cost conscious on the pet owners behalf.  Doctor was very through and explained everything and made sure all my questions were answered.
5	This review is for the LARGE animal clinic (horses and livestock). I had a bad experience with the small animal clinic where they were prepared to do $1800 worth of tests on my elderly cat to MAYBE diagnose (not treat) her without discussing the cost with me!? BUT the LARGE animal clinic is awesome! It is the only place in town that will look at chickens. My backyard chickens are kind of a hybrid between pet and livestock and they were so sweet about understanding of that. They examined each chicken for AN HOUR! So thorough! And it only cost $25!? I pretty much knew going in that both would need to be euthanized but they still discussed possibilities with me and did not act like it was ridiculous that I was bringing in a chicken. I really can't praise them enough for their compassion and competent treatment.
1	Am I the only person that had a horrible experience here? My dog was in a clinical trial for cancer research. He was put on a immune suppressant drug.  He developed an bacterial infection which manifested itself as  gastrointestinal problems.  We drove the dog 3 hours to the clinic and left him there for 3 days of testing. We were told it was a reaction to the medication and the dog was depressed.  We were told to keep him on the anti diarrhea medication and continue to give him the immune suppressant.  The two worse things to do for the dog. Needless to saw the dog's condition became worse. I began to send video's of the dog in a unresponsive state.  The vet was only concerned about me giving the dog the meds.  (Literally kept calling and e-mailing me "Are you going to give him the medication" They kept reiterating the dog was depressed Needless to say the dog became very ill at which point the University of Illinois Vet called to tell us that the dog was being removed from the study because he was not a good candidate for the study. In other words he was not going to make it and they did not want that on their record.  So our dog got removed from the study. At that point he had completed 25 days of his 28 day trial.  I have never even received an "I'm sorry" note or call.  It was truly a horrible experience.
