3	Place is great for take out food if you're looking to pick something up.You can often times find coupons for free meals and discounts in the Valu Clipper and the local circulars.I've had maybe 5 different dishes here and the only problem I have is that they ALL taste the same.  Whether its supposed to be a bland noodle bowl or a spicy Kung Pao dish, they all taste the exact same.Other than the lack of variety with taste, the restaurant is great to pick up food from.Beware of an odor that goes through the airducts and wall from the buisness next door if you are dining in.  I've noticed the smell each of the three times I've eaten there and refuse to go back after the staff told me that it was from next door and they could not control it.  It is not an odor you want to dine with...
5	Great place for lunch. You can't beat the price, and the food is very tasty.For Chinese food it is pretty good.  I didn't like the place a few years ago when it tried to add sushi among other things.  Now with new owners and menu it seems to be just right.I now go there once a week or so to enjoy the savory lunch.
4	I can't say it's going to swoop you into the streets of Shanghai but the $4.99 lunch specials here are blatant American highway robbery. For soup, rice, a choice of SOMETHING, cream cheese wontons, sit-down service and check-splitting, I commend this establishment for keeping its head above water. I shall return.
5	Great food. They have a 20% off coupon periodically. Saw jordan sparks here once getting takeout, but I didn't know it was her until two girls asked for her photo.
5	The portions are simply huge, and the quality is very good.  Not as overly-sweetened as most American Chinese places.  Dine-in service was friendly and fast.  Prices are decent.Delivery is fast and friendly.
5	Really enjoy this place!  Great portion size, very friendly service
4	Yummy! We ordered takeout and it is FANTASTIC.  Very fresh and tasty.  So glad we finally found some good chinese near us!
3	On my way home from work I snagged a red box DVD and ordered some take out from the Bamboo Cafe for a nice night at home with my fiancee. The food was hot and ready for pick up when they said it would be (20 mins @ 6:30pm). The restaurant was not very clean and no one was at the front desk when I arrived. The portions were good sized and they included a takeout box full of white rice as well as what I ordered. The food was ok, but a bit on the bland side. The chicken fried rice turned out to be the best. Each entree was close to $10 and there were no fortune cookies in the bag!!!  I'll likely order from them again, due to their convenience, but for quality I might pick a different spot.
5	Awesome place!! The portion sizes are decent. Service is wonderful and the lunch special can't be beat!
1	trying to be an upscale restaurant, but NOT.  at 1st appearance as you walk in looks great, when we sat down chair upholstery was all torn up,  as I looked around to swap my chair I noticed they were all like that.   Tables were boxed frames with clear tops and there was crumbs under clear tops in boxes....Not very appealing.  Now for the food....we ordered pot stickers, they were frozen and tasted like little egg rolls; ordered the egg rolls that promised several kinds of meat and I found NO Meat in mine, full of very thin shredded cabbage was about all; ordered the Birds Nest..shrimp & scallops in a Potatoe nest (according to the menu).....very bland and nest not potatoes, it was chinese noodles deep fried; also ordered Spicy Thai Pan fried Noodles...Nasty, tasted like it was spoiled.  Told waiter about it and his comment was, "it''s the fish sauce, and you either love it or you don't, I will take it off".  So he took the dish away.  When we got our ticket dish was still on, he watched us from his station to see if we noticed, they were speeking in their language and then he brings a new ticket appolagizing he forgot to take off.....The Only thing I would reccommend would be the Egg drop soup.
5	Bamboo Cafe has some of the best Chinese food in the Glendale - north Peoria area.  The ingredients are high quality and the food is delicious.  I especially recommend the orange chicken which contains nice size pieces of white meat chicken with no gristle, fat, or access breading (like most other chicken dishes I've had at other Chinese restaurants).  The portions are large and the prices are great!
4	One of my favorite Chinese food places. The orange beef is a must try! If your in the area its worth stopping in for!!
5	Loved this place!
5	Good food, great value n they deliver!!!!!
4	Pretty good!  Coconut shrimp and sesame chicken is awesome.  Crab puffs are great too.
4	Very good Chinese restaurant with all the usual options plus some more interesting ones. Very friendly service. Excellent, fast delivery service.
4	We tried it for take-out and it's not bad.  We used a coupon for $10 off your total.  The Orange chicken was great, as well as the shrimp & walnuts and scallops.  The egg rolls and spring rolls are great too.  It's worth a try.
4	The service was outstanding when my large group met at this restaurant.  The food was good and I would dine there again.
5	Amazing!  Ordered delivery. Orange beef and spicy Kung Pow chicken.  Both with fried rice.  So much flavor on both dishes. Portion size was beyond ample with leftovers of both. The food arrived piping hot and in less time than expected.  Delicious!!!
1	Our first time here was not a a good experience, food was very salty had very little chicken in our chicken dishes and had to keep swatting away flies from our food. We will not be returning.
2	The food isn't bad, it isn't great.  The place needs some work though.  THe carpet is filthy, and varnish at tables is peeling.  The food taste ok, some of it but it looks so blah.  Looks like chef missed plating class.  My wife had the orange chix and you could taste the oil.  I had the mongollion beef which contained minimum amount of beef and a lot of onions.  A little tweaking, updating, and plating this could be a great place.
4	Had them deliver and it was still hot!  Always great service and really yummy!!
2	Really, to be honest I wish the food was better than 2 stars, only because I am sick of the large chain restaurant down the road. So the atmosphere was kind of cheesy and well the food, I may have made better food nuked by myself. It was very bland, and way too pricey for the lack of superb quality. Sticking with the big chain for now.
5	Tried their delivery service and was very impressed with their food. Highly recommend.
5	Sooooo delicious! You just can't beat their lunch specials. Orange Chicken, Fried Rice, and 2 Crab Rangoons - for under $5? - Such a good deal. Great food, nice staff, fast delivery! We love Bamboo!
5	This is far and away my favorite place for Orange Chicken, but I love every meal I have ever eaten here! The chicken is crispy, crunchy and the sauce has a great flavor. The service is always great whether its eat in or take out. A quick place for a weeknight meal or a leisurely evening out. Enjoy!
1	STAY AWAY!!!WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE I have ever encountered. My wife and I have been ordering food from this establishment for years.  We have been loyal customers for years. Last week I ordered steak that was raw on the middle and they told my wife we could just finish cooking the meat in the microwave. We put our usual order in this week and they made another mistake. The meat tasted sour and they forgot the teriyaki sauce that goes with the teriyaki steak. They refused to give me a credit for next time or refund my money.  They told us, their policy is to only give you credit one time for one of their mistakes and they would never refund anybody's money regardless of the situation.  I have never written a review, but I feel a obligation to warn as many people as I can. We work to hard for our money to have places like this STEAL from us.
5	Best Chinese spot in town, friendly workers and amazing food! Better than any other spot in Arizona.
5	This place is amazing.  K, yes i like fancy restaurants and enjoy a good $50 steak.  If you are looking for PF changs atmosphere this is not the place.  I can tell you this, you will not find a better Chinese place around for your money.  They are very inexpensive and huge portions.  They have a lunch special for $4.99 and a dinner combo special for like $8.75.  3 dinner combos feed's my family of 6 with left overs!  Seriously its great food.My favorites are Walnut Shrimp, or the dinner combos with fried rice and sesame chicken or orange chicken.  Both really good.  My wife and I love their crab wantons, their egg drop soup, and their egg rolls are the best we have ever had.  Their lettuce wraps are great, a little different from PF Changs but good with a huge portion size.  Seriously they have been their for 10 years now and that has gotta tell you something.  Its good!  They do have some very regular loyal customers.  They also deliver too.  I live up in Sonoran Mountain Ranch so having them deliver is super handy.  Give my suggestions a try, i promise you will not be disappointed.
5	This is one of my favorite neighborhood restaurants! They have killer lunch specials, large dinner portions, and the food is always good. The take out is perfect for a in home movie/date night, and they have NEVER messed up my order. It is to the point where we don't even need to look at the menu.Wor Wonton Soup, Extra crab puffs, Sesame chicken, and Mango shrimp.Even if you do not live in the area it is better then a chain restaurant found on every corner.
5	I love this place. Get the 5$ orange chicken with a side of chili paste, and you will never got to a Panda Express again.
5	I love this place!  The food is consistently good and fresh!  We order out most of the time for convenience, but have eaten in the restaurant and have always had wonderful service.  Excellent!!
2	Let me say the food tasted and looked great. However, beware that they use MSG in their food. If you have no sensitivity to MSG, then enjoy. However immediately after eating the food both my mom and I had horrible headaches, dizziness, and some numbness in the tongue (all documented side effects of MSG). I'm disappointed as I really wanted to have a decent Asian place on this far North side of town, but I cannot handle their food. Also, the place really needs a thorough cleaning, I understand casual atmosphere, but food crusted on the wall next to you or stains on the booths are not "casual" they are dirty.
1	After receiving coupons for so long, we finally decided to try this place. DO NOT waste your money!!!!  It is the WORST place I have ever eaten!!!  Nasty!!!  No flavor, small bits of fatty boiled chicken and way over cooked rice.  I mean it's SO BAD that I wouldn't even have my dogs eat it!!!  Because the place was empty I'm sure the food was not fresh.  I picked up my orders.  I called to inquire why it was so bad but the guy would not speak to me even I was very calm and polite.  Nobody would call me back.  I've seen the other reviews on bad food & lousy customer service.  No wonder they give out so many coupons.  Save your money & go to PF Changs for the same price and get quality!!!  These people are a rip off & don't deserve to be in business!!
5	My family and I love this place! The food is delicious and reasonably priced.
4	Had the wor wonton soup and Mongolian beef. Soup was great and filled with lots of good stuff. Beef dish was good but much more typical American/chinese cuisine
2	Bland, bland, bland...I've been here multiple times for take out,  therefore should know better by now.  This time,  the Ma Po tofu (ordered extra spicy) had absolutely zero spice to it, minimal flavor and, other than the large pieces of broccoli around the perimeter,  was nearly vegetable-less. Basically a pile of tofu in bland brown sauce with unseasoned broccoli.  I'll have to use the leftovers to reinvent this dish as something more palatable. The orange chicken my friend ordered was fine. Nothing to write home about.  The crab puffs should have been called cream cheese wontons with basic sweet and sour sauce. Bleck.  If there were better options in this area, this place would not get such good reviews. But compared to...nothing...it's an edible option for pseudo-Asian food. Maybe. If you really have the yen...
5	Best delivered food I've ever eaten.  I've never called a restaurant back to let them know how much I loved my meal until tonight.  Walnut Shrimp, Tuna App, and Godzilla Roll.  Thank you Bamboo Cafe, your homemade hot mustard rocked my world!
1	Ordered a staple of chinese restaurants:  Kung Pao Chicken.  It is probably the most popular dish and on every menu in every chinese restaurant.  Like ordering pad thai at a thai restaurant.  It gives one an idea of the restaurant in general.  If a restaurant can't make such a common dish, I wouldn't have much hope for anything else.It was bland and flavorless.  Mediocre selection of vegetables.  No hot peppers at all! In 30 years of eating that dish, this is the first time I've seen that.  Bleh!
