3	The Brig is ... fine for a cold beer after a bike ride, but I can't see any other reason for going there. It's bland, full of kids, huge car park and right by the dual carriageway ... lovely! But it does the job when we need a beer on the way home.
4	Been a few times now for drinks and food. Never disappointed though service poor once. Otherwise very good friendly and reasonably priced
3	Ok, I'll admit, I was probably a wee bit judgmental of The Brig prior to even entering its Cramond-based doors. Having passed it about 1,000 times on journeys to and from Fife, I just presumed it would be one of those standard places at the side of a super busy road, located on the way out of town, that's fairly average and only really good for a quick stop-off. That was judgmental of me. .The Brig is actually a pretty nice place to while away a few hours, so Cheryl - slap on the wrist for being narrow-minded.It was an impulse decision one Sunday to head to The Brig, and the restaurant was full to the rafters with Sunday Roast enthusiasts. It had a really nice atmosphere - lots of families, happy children, all very homely. It looks good inside too - I think I was expecting something more like a slightly weathered pub, but it's bright and modern, having been refurbished fairly recently, with the stacked up logs beside the fireplace adding a cosy touch. The staff are good too, seeming friendly and laid-back.The menu's pretty huge, so there'll almost certainly be something there that'll suit your palate. Nothing massively adventurous, but strong on variety. Wanting something light, I opted for the Caesar salad, a pretty frequent lunch choice of mine, which was tasty - although no anchovies, which I know aren't everyone's thing, but I quite like them. My mum, who'd come along with me, had the club sandwich, which was really good actually - I'd recommend. The substantial-looking fajitas sizzling away on another table nearby also looked pretty tempting.The Brig has a beer garden, so I think I'll head back to try that out in warmer weather, or indeed head back to the bar for a few chilled out, night-time beverages. If you're planning on going down to Cramond Beach or you're ever around the area and simply needing nourishment, The Brig ain't half bad, and definitely worth considering for more than just a brief visit.
