4	Loved visiting this bar when visiting my sister in Stockbridge. Great food , great selection of both lager and beers , brilliant atmosphere and has old style feel about it with genuine people.
4	Fantastic little bar that we discovered on a recent househunting trip to Edinburgh, and have returned to a number of times since. Low roofs, an open fire, lots of red everywhere and a pleasant mix of punters make this a really cosy and down to earth place for a pint or two. We haven't tried the food yet but we definitely intend to.
5	This is an excellent pub. It's my favourite in Stockbridge, occupying a convenient location on the corner of the main street. There's something about descending from street level to enter a basement pub that is appealing, especially in winter when the roaring fire makes it a suitable place in which to avoid the weather. The decor is traditional Edinburgh pub: leather upholstery, old pictures, etc. The dark colour scheme makes it particularly warm and inviting.Besides the usual booze options, it has six real ales on handpull, and the food is your standard pub grub. They have a quiz night on Tuesdays which is very popular and you won't get a table unless you get there very early. But it's worth it.Overall, it's a high quality pub in the traditional Edinburgh style. The clientele is mixed so despite its reputation for good real ale there's no danger of it being just an old man's pub. It's a great place for a few pints on a cold weeknight when you want to hide away from the world above you at street level, watch the subdued lighting reflecting in the dark red ceiling (lovely traditional pressed tin) and set the world to rights over a few real ales.
5	This is my favourite bar in Stockbridge! Again, it is another entry which I would have expected to be more widely yelped. I have spent many a late Saturday afternoon here. It is a great bar, although it sits at basement level, its traditional style and open fire makes it feel like a cosy home from home as although the decor is dark, is is far from dingy and basement like. A full range of wines and spirits are available as are a decent range of independent beers, including one from my local in the west (sign of a good bar for me!). The crowd here are mixed and of all ages, so I bring my dad here (he loved it!) and hang out with friends - usually popping in for one and staying to prop up the bar. Wide screen TVs show sports but there are usually plenty of newspapers about so sometimes its just great to chill and catch up with what's going on in the world. I've had food here a couple of times - wide and varied menu with plenty of options but the nachos have helped soak up the alcohol a few times.Great little Stockbridge gem in the corner of St Stephens Street - well worth a visit, just save a seat at the bar for me!
4	This is exactly the kind of place I want when I'm looking for a pub. Old, dark wood (and lots of red paint), gorgeous bar, fireplace, ales on tap. Definitely not in Germany anymore!As we were unfamiliar with the ales, the waitress kindly brought over some small samples to help us choose. Of course I no longer remember the names of the ones we tried, but they were tasty.I ordered the eggplant (I mean aubergine) dish. It was a strange hodgepodge of ingredients in a dish with mozzarella melted over it - more like something I would make at home when I'm trying to clean out the fridge rather than a combination of foods chosen to compliment each other. But it got the job done (the job being getting rid of my ravenous hunger). My dining companion was equally satisfied-but-not-impressed with his burger and chips. Either food is not this place's strength, or we ordered the wrong things. No matter, really, as we'll be back anyway for the atmosphere and beer.
5	Wonderful bar with excellent selection of beers and ales.  Food is exceptional with fish and chips being delicious. Friendly service.
