2	There isn't too much to say about Subway, but I will say that it really has come out from the back of the fast food chain. It's not technically a deli anymore because of the other "goodies" they've chosen to add to their menu.  They have pizzas, buffalo chicken, and the newest addition to their menu are the breakfast items!This Subway was my choice for lunch when I was working in the NE area of Las Vegas. Every time I come here it's always busy for lunch! Never failed once for me to spend half my lunch in line :'(  I don't know if it's this particular Subway and it's size or if it's all Subways, but I come out smelling like onions! Wth?! Weird.  The workers aren't very personable, but aren't rude so, my experiences here fall between a long 'Ehh' and a hand-rocking "OK".I'm also wary about the breakfast items here and how healthy they are. I'm not completely sure if they're the carton eggs or real eggs. So, until I try them, I won't knock them. I wouldn't come back here because it isn't convenient for me to drive this way anymore, but I will still continue to stay between the 'Ehh' and hand-rocking "OK" with Subway. There are far better deli's in Las Vegas with better sandwiches for abou the same price.
4	Ate here with my Son here last week during our lunch break at Three Square.  I ordered my usual toasted footlong BMT w/Provolone, Lettuce, Tomatoes, Onions, Green Peppers, Pepperoncinis, Mustard/Mayo, Oregano, Salt & Pepper, Vinegar & Oil on Italian Cheese Bread ($4.99).  Yum!  They made it perfect and the service was fast.  The Bread was fresh as usual and the joint was clean.  What more could you ask for from a chain restaurant?Will I return?  I think I found my new lunch spot when I volunteer @ Three Square.
3	Just like any other Subway, but service here was super friendly. Everyone said hi, and they didn't sound fake. Unlike over here in San Jose, they are actually super nice! One thing that did creep  me out about Subway was that the eggs that go on their breakfast sandwich was premade and sitting in one of those containers in front of you. NOt attractive at all.Also, in Vegas, there aren't many mom-pop places to eat. it's like fast food heaven. so Subway is one of your healthier choices.
1	Wow this was one of the worst Subways I have been in....- Only had two kinds of bread ready- Meat was understocked- Veggies were mostly gone- Service was slow- Place was super dirty!Good thing I am moving away and never have to go here again!!
2	I asked for light mustard and Delvin over did it.  I asked him to take some of it off and he looked at it like how? I just told him take of the first layer and he did with his glove n it got messy.  Then he stick his hands in the ingredient with the same glove full of mustard. Smh! Then he tells me i have to ask for light mustard i said excuse me? Yes I did you didn't hear me.
2	Was a huge fan of subway but they got rid of my favorite sandwitch chicken pizziola. I was able to still get it but they said that they couldnt anymore. I had to find a new fav but would like it more if they would bring it back. Most the subways in las vegas favor their own people or if you speak the language. Other than that could be better.
1	Idiots pure idiots. Can't even cut and wrap a sandwich properly! Wish they let us give them negative stars!Stay away there's a better one right down the road.
1	I wish I could give 0 stars. You have to beg for a piece of lettuce or cucumber. Stingy on all veggies. Count all cheese and meat. For raising prices, I would drive an extra 10 minutes to go to Port of Subs or anywhere! ! I live 2 minutes from this location and would go anywhere but here. Owner needs to address this location if they want to stay in business.
