5	Hooked me up for FREE! Thanks guy, you rock!So, my tire went flat. I pump it up and head straight there. Its Lunch hour, but they take my car in within 5 min. 20 or so min later its all over. Fixed where air was coming from, balanced and even put in a new valve. I was gonna pay them, of course but got waived away - "Do not worry about it, have a nice day." WOW Like seriously! Super quick and did not wanna charge me nothing. How can you not appreciate that?All the stars!"I Like""Very nice"
4	Great product knowledge and offered to fix my tire for free!!! However, the tire was shot and the guys ordered me a new one and waived my install charges and gave me the internet price..I'm a customer for life
4	Discount Tire has always been my favorite tire store.  And I am talking decades now.This one is on my way home from work - but there is also another location on my way home from work as well which is almost as good.  I went into this one a while back to get a couple of tires for my old car that my son drives.  I just didn't want to spend too much money on tires, but I didn't want used tires, either.  The guy quoted me a price which was just too much, even though it was the cheapest thing available.  I politely said thanks, but I can't really afford that and I will just have to find some used tires for it.  He said okay, but hold on a minute.  Okay.  He comes back with a much lower price.  I'm like, wow. Okay, I'll take them.  I didn't know how much lower until I went back a few months later to get a third tire replaced on that car.  A different sales associate who looked up the history.  Ummm, well, he says, I don't know why he sold you tires at our cost, but okay, I will give you another one at the same price.  I also went in once to get more of the same tires I had purchased earlier in the year. No, I don't usually buy 4 tires at once, lol, I buy 2 here and 2 there.  So it was. And also, so it was that they didn't have those tires available, they were sold out and waiting for another shipment of them.  The only other tire they had available was more than TWICE the cost of the ones I had bought before.  No thanks, I said, I'll just try the other Discount store and see if they have them.  He says hold on a minute, just like the first guy I was discussing.  Okay.  He then states, well: I'll sell you these 2 tires for the same price you bought the other 2 tires at.  Are you serious?  80,000 miles tires for the price of 30,000 mile tires?  Oh, yes, we're all over that!  They fix your flats for free if they are fixable, even if you have NEVER bought a single tire there.  They rotate your tires - yes, for free.  You do have to have bought your tires there for that, though.  I have had a few bad things happen at Discount Tire, but they have always made it right.  Specifically, my hubcaps went flying off in traffic after I left their shop - they did not put the giant nut back on to hold them in place and they were destroyed.  They ordered brand new ones for me.I took a flat, spare tire in to have it fixed.  Instead of fixing it, they gave it to another customer.  Oops!!  They got me a NEW rim and a NEW tire to replace it.  So, everyone makes mistakes, but when they make a mistake, they have always made it right and then some, so I really have no complaints.
5	Great service again! Ordered Nitto's for my previous truck about a year ago. Cheaper than online pricing. This time ordered wheels and tires around 1pm. They said if they came in they would call me and get them installed. They called around 430pm and fit me in. Super surprised I was taken care of this quick! The original Nitto's I ordered didn't fit but right there on the spot they swapped to another size of Nitto's and got me out the door!I would totally recommend this store. Darren, Jeremy and Terry excellent service!! Thanks again!
5	What kind of weirdo is in love with a tire shop? This kind of weirdo. With this specific tire shop.There's no shortage of Discount Tire locations in Arizona, but everybody in my family keeps coming back to this one because they're just that great. Everyone's friendly, rotations and rebalances are done quickly and correctly, they don't try to sell you tires you don't need yet, and they're more than willing to offer alternate sizes and even test fit tires for you. Even better, I'm not sure if it's Discount in general or just this store, but they've got moving tires from the warehouse down to a science. It used to be you might have to wait a day or two for the next truck; more recently it's been "We don't have them in the store, but we can install them today if you can come back around 4:30." I'm generally not in that much of a hurry, but it's damn nice if you are.
5	We have bought tires from this location for man years.  Last week I stopped by and asked to have my tires rotated.  They were busy but got me in and out in a half an hour.  All employees I dealt with were polite and professional.  The only complaint is I wish they did front end alignments, but that's not part of their line-up.
1	Boo! Not a fan... I was quoted a 2 hr wait to have an easy tire patch and then told I couldn't leave the building. I asked them to call when they started working on my car so I could be back in 5 minutes, but they absolutely refused. I'm not excited about the level of service or friendliness. Plus, I'm hungry and I won't be able eat for hours. Not that I expect the employees here to bring me a turkey sandwich, but they could at least be nice about it. Better yet, just text me when my car is ready so I'm not stuck here for hours with nothing but an auto racing magazine. Customer service fail.
5	So friendly and professional. I love discount tires and I have used other locations. This one is by far one of the best. There is also one on Indian Bend that is quality too. I don't recommend going to the one by ASU. McClintock and Elliot is the best. Jose just offered dm water. How nice!!!!
5	I got a flat tire this morning before work, and I called Discount right away and they were very sweet and friendly to me on the phone, said whenever I'm off to bring in my car and they could help out. When I first walked inside their shop they remembered the conversation from this morning, and found me a really great deal on all new tires! I am very satisfied with their excellent customer service and speedy service!
5	Awesome quick service! I didn't even have to say which tire was low Rick got to it checked all tires and sent me on my way! Thumbs up! Thanks Rick!!!!!Scion XD
