1	We got an order of Hot Garlic and an order of Hot & Sweet.  The wings were very skinny, fatty, greasy, and to make it worse, they didn't put enough sauce so I ended up adding some Kraft BBQ sauce I had at home.  The fries were pretty mushy, greasy, and tasteless.  And to finish it off, both of us got food poisoning!!   I noticed that when they were serving them, a couple of wings fell on the kitchen counter and they just put it right in my box.  When I saw that I was crossing my fingers that the kitchen counter would have been as clean as their mixing bowls, but maybe that was not the case.  DEFINETLY NOT COMING BACK.
1	We tried this place again and it was disappointing.  The wings were not only extremely greasy which may not be a bad thing to some, but salty beyond salty..it was the worst wing experience my wife has ever had.  The fries were no frills either, over seasoned.  This is a must NOT try place.And even better, they did have some orders coming in over the phone, but we were the only people there at the time and ordered our food to eat in and they forgot about us, so needless to say when they realized our order was not a pick up but a eat in, it seemed like the wings were dumped into the oil again to warm them up and then over seasoned. Really???  Only 2 people working there with only 1 table in the store and you can't get it right......this is the WRONG place to visit....
5	Seriously, I love this place. Cute little restaurant next to Spicy Pickle, I have always wanted to go in but I kept forgetting. My boyfriend and I come in and get the 20 piece large French fries and two drinks combo and its so satisfying! He got the buffalo hot wings (which he loved and if he loves it then you know its good) and I got the Polynesian (I'm not much of a spicy person) and they were both flavorful and delicious. The lady there was so nice too! She was working alone and people kept coming in and she still did her best to help us with everything we needed. I suggest everyone should come and try them! When I get a craving for some wings, I come here. It is so good!
4	Aptly named, Wings Restaurant features...wings.  And not just any wings, these are some of the best I've had, period.  I got the BBQ and teriyaki sauces on the 10-piece order and it was delicious; the outside was crispy and the sauce was not too overpowering, although the wings themselves are a little on the small side.  (The fries are nice and greasy, too.)  I still think the Chicken Shack is the best place for big wings, although they are the coated variety, so I guess it doesn't quite count.  This place is pretty decent for the traditional kind, though.  I will definitely come back and partake of the BBQ and teriyaki flavors again; they were fantastic.
3	The wings were decent but the staff seemed bothered.  The place has a funky smell to it and they left the front door open so it was cold.
2	My girlfriend spoke big about this place. Once I got there and ate the entire meal I came to the conclusion that the chicken shack aka chicken bonz is better. She also stated that there was a different cook last time she went and it was better. This time around it was a short hispanic lady that made it. The fries weren't crispy. They were actually soggy and hot. the wings were something that I could have made at home but 10x better. The best thing was the orange crush pop. Overall I would prefer to make the drive to the sunset  chicken shack because after reading the review for the shack on maryland. I won't be going there either. I would be willin to try this place again if its a differnt cook.
2	Winging it, and should have flown away.Tried this place today, and got here at about 5:00 pm. I was the only one here.1.  Service - Not bad when you are the only one here. However, the servers must be busy, because there is a ton of grease on their shirts. I may suggest to wear aprons however.2.  Selection - Very nice - good choice of sauces, flavors, spice levels, fries, chicken fingers, boneless and basic wings.3.  Size of wings - Well, we all know that Grade A USDA Wings are plump and very meaty "well to moderately fleshed".  We also know that Grade B wings have a sufficient amount of flesh to prevent a thin appearance.  Guess what, we got a B here. You want your humans beings Grade B, and your wings Grade A.  COME ON FOLKS.....4.  Price - The price for 50 wings is 29.99 which is not bad, if it were grade A wings. you  would expect 50 wings to be somewhat heavy, I felt as if I was holding a bunch of ballons. Served in a generic container in a generic bag, not sure how this helps with their branding.6.  Taste - edible!  The polynesian style had an odd dark color, yet the flavor was acceptable.  The Garlic Parmesan, well, there was garlic taste and parmesan taste, just unfortunately a smattering and not well covered.7.  Tables - Plenty of room in this place, you can sit and eat as well. Odd that people just walk in and out of the back room without any uniform or acknowledgement. You don't know who works here or not.  I don't plan to eat in anytime soon, a bit dodgy if you ask me.Overall, I would say that for a  hungry person, these wings are definitely acceptable and you can compare it to ordering a hamburger at McDonalds. Compared to In and Out of Five guys, there is no comparison, however, it is certainly edible.  Hey, if you need 500 wings, this is the place to try.
1	Way below average.  They forgot half my order. The wings were small and not meaty. The sauces were not tasty.  We couldn't even tell which sauce was which after tasting them. The prices were decent for wings, but not these wings. Don't think people who gave this restaurant a good review have ever had a wing before.  Best part of the meal was the coleslaw. Maybe that's what they should rename the restaurant.
4	I was skeptical due to previous reviews, but I was at the door and it was the only open place nearby. The staff was pleasant and friendly, walk me through the menu and offered combo suggestions. They even offered sauce samples to try-out before placing my order. The wings were great. The "Hot & Sweet" flavor was great. Good price standpoint. They charge by pound, not by pieces. Approximately 7 to 8 wings per pound (big wings). Will definitively come back.
3	Maybe it was the 15 minute wait for the freshly fried wings.  Maybe it was the business plan I was conveyed by the nice young lady behind the counter who informed of the four locations in the valley (that I have never seen aside from this one).  Maybe it was the hard sell of "our most popular flavors" that fell way short.  Maybe it was the structure of pricing wings BY THE POUND. Or maybe because it was EMPTY when I walked in.This is your average wing shack.  Better than Flavor Flav's House of Horrors, but certainly not a top shop.  Maybe I will try another visit to see if their other flavors aside from Buffalo, Lemon Pepper and Garlic Parmesan can appease my tastebuds.
1	Don't bother and fly away...that's my recommendation!!!! My girlfriend and I Picked up a sandwich from next door (JImmy John..not bad) thought we would complement it with an order of wing. She went and got the sandwich while I ordered the wings.Walked in to two people sitting there waiting for there order, or should I say pacing! Warning one!!You order by the pound, not by the quantity. How many chicken wings in a pound? We'll come to find out, couldn't get a precise answer...somewhere between 6-10 I was told. Warning two!!Girlfriend comes back with sandwich 10 minutes later..long line she says, sorry it took awhile! People in front of me still pacing. Warning three!!10 min later peeps in front finally get their order, still waiting for mine. Meantime notice  wings go in, no scale, wings come out, no scale? Didn't I buy by the pound??? Warning four!!!Finally get my order! For the record..I got 7...for $7..hmm you do the math!! I ask for blue cheese, not ranch please. Oh no I'm told, you only get wings..sauce is extra..Really??Flew the coop...never to return!!!
2	Our experience was not good. The wings are large in size, but they are drenched in (hot) sauce that's not so great and the garlic parmesan, talk about greasy... it pooled at the bottom of the wax paper. We tried a dry rub and it was no better.
2	This place ok, just ok, the wings were ok, the fries were ok, nothing to write home about. The prices were not so great either. Also its a thing with me, a wing joint should not charge extra for blue cheese dressing or for celery/carrot sticks. All in all there are better wings out there, now go and find them! Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
2	Was told by the old asian lady (who by was a very nice lady) at the counter that these will be the best wings I have ever had. Needless to say I was underwhelmed. I don't know if my expectations were high or if they were just that mediocre. It was worth a try, but I won't be coming back.
1	My wife and I were hungry and at my request we settled for WINGS. Instead of going to the awesome sandwich shop next door. (I forget the name) we entered the door of "WINGS".Yes the asian lady is kind and does a history lesson and a hard sell of the fare they provide. I just don't see it!The other reviews say negative points over the last year or so. Doesn't this lady read these?HOT HOT temperature of the GREASE Coated wings.No paper plates for normal meal eating.My wife thought the coleslaw was safe, but.... NO! A TV played a peoples court show just above our heads. I guess it's best to get take out but even then you're still stuck with the grease bag.
4	Saw a bunch of negative reviews and was skeptical to try, even just to critique. I was positively surprised with some of the best wings anywhere in this area. Jumbo-sized wings that you dont see anywhere, and cooked perfectly crispy, just as requested.The 'Original Buffalo Wing' sauce which is considered 'Medium' on their scale was regular wing sauce and was the mildest of mild. Not a bad thing at all for those that prefer mild, but I was looking for a lot more spice with a 'Medium'.Overall the wings were the best quality that I have tried anywhere in South Vegas/Henderson, when researching Wings for a Best Wings website.
5	I love wings.  Living in North Carolina, I used to have wings at least a couple of times a week.  These wings are really the best I've ever had.  I usually order the garlic parmesan wings.  They are crispy, juicy, and full of garlic parmesan flavor as described.  I've tried garlic parmesan at other places such as Wing Stop, BWW, Chicken Shack, Wing Street/Pizza Hut, just to name a few and this place is my #1 go to spot for wings.  Despite the negative reviews, you have to try this place before you say no!
2	I went in around 3:30 today and there was only one person besides myself eating in. The specials are written on a white board and seem somewhat decently priced, the look however seems very sloppy and the specials were a little hard to read. I ordered the 8 boneless wing special with a drink and fries for $8.43 with a Cajun hot flavor. I was a little perturbed that the woman asked me multiple times what drink I wanted and still didn't give it to me until my wings were finished (guess they try to avoid having to give you a refill before your food is done). I took my order to go, the fries were absolutely terrible, they were soggy and wet, and a weird dark brown color. Also I found their blue cheese to be very watery and bland. The best part of the order was the wings, I'm not used to a dry rub but these were pretty good and seasoned very well. These don't seemed fried like normal wings, and the spice I picked wasnt as spicy as I expected since it got a 4/5 rating on the spice chart. All in all I appreciate small businesses and admire the people who take the chance to start them. I think with some small changes this place can be really good. If you're in the mood for wings, that's all I would order from this place.
1	Worst wings and strips I have ever had. How can someone mess up wings and strips. I should say the highlight was the Pepsi. Warning one the menu on the wall has been taped over. You can tell they have dropped quantity and raised prices. So in other words they are not making money. I just ate one strip and one wing an threw the rest of my 20 dollar meal away. I'm hoping I don't get food poisoning. The strips were not done, the wings had zero flavor. The fries were greasy and flaccid. I HIGHLY recommend you don't go here, ever!
5	I came with my girl friend and tried some wings and fingers , everything was fantastic I was skeptical about coming but as I thought this place was great , service was fast pace and professional and food was made fresh. I am I big wing guy and often visit many spots around the Valley Hamburger hut Chicken shack Wingstop Wings and things That's just some of my favorites Overall I'll recommend this spot to friends and family !
3	It was just ok. I dropped by for lunch and got a pound of wings to split with my brother. It wasn't great but they weren't bad. I've had better hot wings. When they are this big, I really like them more crispy.  They were a bit mushy. Flavor was ok. Again,  not bad but not good. Service was ok. It was pretty clean. Would I return?  If a friend was paying I might try them out again and request extra crispy.
1	The menu board is hard to read. The wings are sold by the pound. They don't include carrots and celery or ranch or blue cheese. Those are extra $$.  They are big pieces but I didn't enjoy the flavor. My husband didn't like them either. I was hungry so I ate several but woke up in the middle of the night and got sick.
3	I really wanted to love this place, but it didn't happen. It started out great! The owned greeted me and was extremely friendly. She talked to me and gave me suggestions as I spent around 5 minutes looking at the menu deciding what I wanted. I settled on 1/2 sweet and spicy, 1/2 lemon pepper, side of fries, and a side of veggies. As everything was made I order, it took around 15 minutes for everything to be cooked and prepared. Thankfully I was the only one in the place. As she bagged my items, she insisted I try a French fry.... They were hot, crispy, and seasoned extremely tasty, I really enjoyed them. Enjoyed them so much I ate most of them on my way home. Once I got home I dug into the wings. 1st was the sweet and spicy, the wings were very plump which I'm not a fan of, I like them real crispy. The flavor had a weird aftertaste that I couldn't figure out till I tasted the lemon pepper. It was butter. The sauce was made with butter, lots of butter. Not for me. The lemon pepper should have been called lemon salty pepper cause it was so salty you tasted really no lemon flavor. I ordered I think 18 wings and ate about 5 wings then tossed them. I usually NEVER get flavored wings but traditional buffalo and maybe that's where I went wrong. I will definitely give this place another try especially cause of how friendly the owner lady was but I will be sticking to buffalo sauce only and requesting extra crispy. There is hope for this place with a few minor changes. I hope they figure it out. Lots of potential.
5	I cannot emphasize how much I love this place! I don't know why it has such low score, but its a great place to get wings! The wings and fries are cooked fresh. For those people who are impatient, I promise u that the wait is worth it. It is not a crowded restaurant and the customer service is excellent. When I go there to to eat wings, the person serving is super sweet! She makes you feel welcomed and she wants to build customer relationships. She is one of the main reasons I go there, next to how they have the best wings in town!I say if you love wings, try it! If you love Wingstop, try it!If you tried it before, TRY IT AGAIN! :D
1	Over cooked, dry, not enough sauce. What sauce we got was very generic We were the only customers in the place she not got the order wrong. She was almost calling me a liar when she insisted that the ranch dressing was blue cheese and after examining it and realized she was wrong gave me more excuses instead of just getting me horrible watered down what they call blue cheese dressing.
4	My food smells like heaven!! Service is so sweet and friendly... This spot is a good one.. 4 thumbs up....
1	Sad came here at 9:30 and they said they were closed. Totally will never be back! Sad as the food was good, but in Vegas you got one time to screw up in customer service. I never got an apology!
5	This is my go to spot for wings, especially during football season. Service is always friendly, and fast considering all wings are made to order. I have seen a few negative reviews, and none of their experiences mirror any of mine. If given the chance drop by pick up a pound or two of wings and see for yourself.
2	It's been a long time since I have been here and not much has changed since my last review.  At lunch time ONE person working in the place, will never figure that out.  They cook your food to order so when you have one person running everything, 14 minutes for an order of wings starts once all orders are taken if you are not the only one walking in the door.We were the second of three and it took almost a half hour to get 16 wings and fries.  The wings were smaller I. Size then I remember, the fries were ok.With all the places in town to get wings, this is one place I will not rush back too.  The guy was nice but very overwhelmed, the place inside is not large but makes you feel like you are sitting in a grease bowl.  It looks clean but really is not as clean as it should be for a place that serves food.  In the case up front they had arrowhead water so I ordered one and was told they were not cold that he had to grab a CMX one from the back which turned out to not be an arrowhead water.  I hate to say it but I like to eat in places I feel safe in and I am NOT tracking about location, I'm talking about health safety and this place is just NOT one of them I feel safe eating in.
1	Wanted chicken wings today, got here and doors are locked. Tried calling no answer. I'm sure they are out of business :(
4	I liked the wings here, fried nice and crispy.  The service was friendly and yeah there is a wait but that's fine, I want my wings fresh out of the fryer.  Minus one star for the price - $6.99 for 1 lb and I got 7 wing pieces, so at a buck a wing, that's kind of expensive.  The wings are better than BWW though so if I crave some wings, I will be back here.
5	I stopped into Wings in Henderson while my truck was being worked on at Midas, which is in the same mall. From the moment I walked in, I was glad I did. The woman behind the counter (who I later found out was the owner) was very much present, interested in her customers and of course, friendly. She asked if I'd ever eaten there before. I had not. So she explained a few things to me about the food (all homemade fresh) and the different flavors and heat levels, which I appreciated. I had my wings in two flavors: Cajun kickers (respectably hot and spicy) and Hot Garlic (delicious, if you love garlic...I was drooling). The french fries were long, thick and square-cut, seasoned with some (secret?) home blend that just had me woofing 'em down.  : )  Truth is, I am not a big wings guy but these were delicious and the genuinely friendly service was a huge plus and would definitely bring me back for more.
5	You guys, this is serious so listen up. I decided to write a poem because I'm feeling really emotional about these wings. I've finally found the meaning of life and I found it in a lemon pepper chicken wing. Trust. I love these chicken wings I really doThey defiantly don't taste anything like pooThey're crispy and zesty and tangy oh myI'm fully aware they go straight to my thigh(s)The inside of this place looks a little bit hoodBut don't let that scare you cause they're freakin good You'll love them more than your first born kidSo go get some wings, you'll be thankful you didSeriously, what are you waiting for? Go!
5	This place is the only place to get fresh authentic wings from the gods themselves. If you think Bdubs has good wings, then you aint tasted nothing yet till you try Wings. If you want to be blown away, try any of their awesome wings.
