4	This place has excellent Mexican food. I've come here a few times in my various visits to campus and always try to get something different each time. Service was a little spotty once the place started to get really busy, but the food was definitely worth the wait. Plenty of space and parking at their new location.
2	Eh.  When it was Cocina Real (just a few months ago) ti was one of my favorite places.  But now, even though the menu is almost exactly the same and the people working there are the same, it seems like the food has gone down in quality and quantity.  Nothing comes with your order!  My order of quesadillas - no rice or beans on the side, no salsa or guac.  My friend ordered a burrito - also nothing on the plate but a burrito.  Pretty lame.
5	Amazing!! Service was great and the food was delicious. Manuel was extremely helpful with describing what each dish was. This place is perhaps even better than Cocina Real! I don't know what Deborah ordered but it must have been off the sides menu because everything we got at my table came with all the sides! Cannot wait to go again! Delicious!
4	Great Mexican food in town. Will come again.
1	no thanks.... and here's why...i ordered from mas amigos online for pick up.  the address was listed on springfield... my husband went to pick it up.   20 minutes later, he returns to tell me the building is empty.  he has no idea where to go.  i called the number and asked if they had moved, and the woman on the phone said, "yes.  to university ave."  i tell her my husband is coming to pick up an order.  he will be there in 20 minutes.  she says, "no problem."he gets back in the car... and away he goes.  across town.  again.he has been gone for about 20 minutes when the phone rings.  a man tells me he is delivering my food from mas amigos, and he can't seem to find my address.  i tell him i've ordered online for pick up, not delivery.  he tells me that "pick up" is no longer an option.  no longer an option?!  as of when?!  20 minutes ago?  i direct the man to my door who hands me the food, i've already paid for online.  i tell him my husband is sitting in his restaurant right now, waiting to pick this food up.  he shrugs his shoulders at me, and sort of walks off, telling me to apologize to my husband for him.  (yep.  that ought to do it.  i'm sure he will be supremely less pissed now.)my husband comes in the door 20 minutes later with no food.  he tells me that he was charged for our food again at the restaurant because the woman at the counter (who ironically was reading "things fall apart") didn't know that there was any order for pick up.  she re-rung the entire order and charged him for it.  she then received a call from the delivery guy explaining what had happened.  she said she couldn't void the transaction, and that the manager would do it when he came in the next day.  guess what?  he didn't, and it took me two days of calling him to get it done.  guess what?  my food was cold when i got it and it was so not worth paying for it once.  guess what?  i'll never eat at mas amigos again.  their customer service was crap.  their website information was wrong -- the address, the pick up vs. delivery information, even their phone number was incorrect.the employees seemed to not even know what was going on or what the policies were.  the manager was unapologetic and they didn't handle this situation very well at all.  if their food is good, i have no idea, and i probably won't know because i won't order from them again.
5	Great authentic Mexican food. Chips and salsa are awesome.  After eating hear I prefer mas amigos to the others. Staff were friendly and professional.
1	Que horrible! This was my favorite local Mexican restaurant...until tonight.  My husband and I go there enough to know that they are capable of better. Unfortunately today they did not care about providing even the most fundamental elements of customer service. Our server clearly did not want to be there which was evident by his blatant lack of attentiveness.  After he finally brought us menus, we quickly decided on what to order. Unfortunately, in the amount of time it took our server to return to the table, we could have read the menus front-to-back, two times over. We figured hey maybe the kitchen is very busy at this hour. Then I realized that our server was sitting in a booth rolling silverware. Not just him, three others as well! I've been a server before. I get it. You have to roll silverware, but to do that in lieu of tending to (well-tipping) patrons is a sign of carelessness. What was most annoying was that I made eye contact with them and was ignored. Eventually, I was able to wave down our server and we ordered. I guess he grew tired of us and recruited a coworker to take over. The new server was better. Although he did take my drink and disappear without refilling it for a while. At least he cracked a smile and showed some sign of life. The worst part of this experience was watching everyone else get service...except us. I'm not likely to return to a restaurant when I'm left feeling unwelcome.
1	We were extremely dissatisfied by our visit. We  used to frequent Cocina Real, in the same location, and since the staff and management are the same we assumed the quality would be as well. Right off the bat we realized how sub-par the food actually was- the tortilla chips were completely disgusting. They were so oily (the wax paper lining the chip basket was completely soaked) and a horribly flaky texture. We wondered if the chef has fried the tortillas at the wrong temperature or for too long. When we received our food, we were horrified at the greasiness of our food. It went beyond the typical unhealthiness of mexican food- the food was literally inedible from the amount of oil it was covered in. The size of our orders was so small for the price we paid for them. We were terrified to order dessert for fear that our flan would come drenched in oil as well. When we received the check, the prices we were charged did not match those on the menu (we were charged additional). We will not be returning to this restaurant.
1	This looked exactly like the place which I typically enjoy - a locally owned, authentic Mexican restaurant. Chips and salsa were very promising but everything went quickly downhill from there. The chicken (Pollo Mas Amigos) - apparently their signature dish was poorly presented (a heaping mass of veggies) and poorly cooked with no flavor - either in the veggies or in the chicken.The desserts were nothing to speak of either. Skip it.
4	Cut above most other places in town, making a go of the old Dos Reales #2. Chips and salsa are good.
4	I really like this place. It's a nice, cheap Mexican joint with good, greasy food, and probably my favorite Mexican place in Champaign.I've only been to the new location once, but my experience was positive. The food was good; I had the chicken quesadila and my girlfriend had the steak fajitas. There were only three tortillas with the fajitas, but that's only a bit of a quibble. Portions are nice and big, and I liked the chips and salsa. The margaritas weren't the best I've ever had, but they're okay for the price, and they're pretty strong.
1	Wow is the service bad!! I made an online order for delivery and what a mistake. I waited 30 minutes after the 60 minute approximate delivery time to call them to ask where my food was. The guy who answered the phone (after letting the phone ring for  2 minutes) proceeded to argue with me that he had called and spoke to me twice and no one answered the door to pick up the food. I had been waiting by my phone since I had made the order and had not once received a call. They didn't even offer to fix their mistake and bring me my order. So incredibly disappointed.
3	The chips are so good. Also recommend the torta. Not sure why reviews are so poor compared to the old location...everything tastes the same as far as I can tell.Update: Since I was back a second time to this new location, the quality of the food and service seems to have degraded. I don't think I can reasonably rank this as 4 stars even though the chips continue to impress.
5	I remember eating here very often when it was located at the previous location. I graduated and moved on and now I come back to review and they have moved so I am wondering if my opinion is even valid. However, for whatever it's worth, I do want to share that their beefsteak tacos with cilantro and onion with a hint of lime is absolutely as authentic as it gets from Mexico. I always ordered the tacos with rice and beans. If not ordering take-out and dining-in, I do agree with everyone's love for the never ending chips and salsa. I almost got full for over eating the chips one time. Despite the apparent decline in service from other reviews, I am purely making my high marks for their authentic Mexican tacos and bottomless chips and salsa. I am a creature of habit...when I find something I love and taste, I stick to it and don't order other things on the menu. I only went their to eat my beefsteak tacos. Uno mas!
1	By far the worst Mexican food I've ever had. It only gets the 2nd star because the service was decent probably due to being one of three people in here. The salsa had no flavor and looked like vomit. Tried to doctor it with their hot sauce to no avail. Chicken enchilada tasted like bumblebee tuna drenched in ranchero sauce that tasted like tomato soup with a touch of hot sauce. Steak burrito had no flavor and was the size of a taco. Rice and beans are the same the burrito...no flavor! As I received the bill an ant crawled across the table!  Awful place! Awful experience!
1	I used to eat here all the time when the place was on Springfield and Champaign but the new place in Urbana does not taste the same It has no flavor no seasoning and very slow service And the salsa taste like spaghetti sauce and they don't have their homemade red hot sauce
