4	So Delux got too big and (like an evil twin) swallowed up the next storefront for this new "to-go" venture.  It's reminiscent of a smaller La Grande Orange, in that it's basically a glorified deli, but with all the trimmings - sandwiches, salads, sushi, bakery, plus all the regular Delux items are available as well. About the food - think pre-made yuppie roast beef sandwiches ($7) with balsamic infused roasted red peppers or, what I had, the turkey sandwich with dijon mayo spread and cranberry relish. The sushi is readymade as are the side salads (including a deliciously tangy southwest pasta salad) and are in a refrigerated grocery-style section along with Pom, Kemper sodas and overpriced waters such as Ty Nant, Blu and Voss.The desserts are a welcome addition, but I thought the cupcakes (strawberry and red velvet among them) were too small for the $3 they were charging.  You're better off hoofing it to Tammie Coe or Karsh's for that price.  The cookies looked more reasonable and delicious -- the cranberry white chocolate chip had cranberry icing shavings on the top.  Yum.There are only five or so seats in the joint, so be prepared to take it to go - as the name of the place suggests.  I guess they're upfront about that, right?
5	This is so convenient.  I used to place a call for take out every Sunday after church.  I usually had a hard time finding a parking place and then going to the bar to pick up my order.  Now, I can simply pull into the parking space up front that is reserved for take out and pick up my food.  This was a great idea, Lenny!  I also love the display of tempting cupcakes...too bad I am on a diet!
3	Really good but I have to penalize it for its over-priced cupcakes.  The red velvet cupcake is divine but at $3.50 I just have to shake my head and think, what is this world coming to... the mark-up has got to be about 1000%.  Am I wearing a sign that says "sucker"?  I read about a cool bakery in NYC that sells award winning red velvet cupcakes and they charge $3.00.  In NYC!  This is not NYC.  It's Phoenix.  Come on.  And $6.00 for a hot dog?  Granted, it is a Neiman Ranch hot dog, but it is to go.  I think you can buy a whole package of Neiman Ranch hot dogs at Trader Joe's for $6.00.  That being said, I probably will fall prey to the red velvet again.  As you leave Delux, you can see them in the window of To Go, beckoning like a siren.  Glorious and succulent looking.  Genius.
4	4 stars if you're a fan of soggy sweet potato fries.  3.5 stars if you are not...I happen to be a fan of well done any kind of sweet potato fries, so Delux 2Go, you're lucky I'm not a tough critic!  (The fries were soggy but oh so yummy!)  I decided to go all out tonight and get a 'Delux Burger' and sweet potato fries (a 1/2 order was plenty).  I think that next time I will opt for the 'Standard Classic Burger' instead.  The caramelized onion and applewood smoked bacon mixture was a little much for me.  Not that the classic burger with cheese, lettuce, tomato, onion, and pickle isn't a heavy meal, but the delux toppings just made it seem much heavier and is sitting heavy in my stomach as I type!I think this concept is great... I didn't have to wait to place my order and I ran over to Safeway (next door) to pick up a few necessities and when I returned, my order was ready.  The sandwiches, salads, and desserts were all looking appealing.  I will have to try those in future visits...  a girl can only eat so much!  I was also pleased to see that there is a limited menu from sister restaurant Zen 32 Sushi - sashimi combo (salmon, tuna, and yellowtail), california roll, vegetarian roll, and edamame.  For all of us yelpers that don't really grill or are just interested in picking up food rather than grocery shopping, preparing, cooking, and cleaning, Delux 2 Go is a great solution!
4	Not bad at all. The staff is always very nice and quick. The sandwiches are alright, usually just a little soggy since they are not made right on the spot. THE CUPCAKES are incredible and so is the dill potato salad. Everything is pretty expensive but its usually worth it.
4	The 2 Go section of Delux has me going back here after a long time away. I live right across the street now and don't seem to come to Delux as often as I used to when I lived way out in Mesa. The sandwhiches at this place are really awesome, especially the Tuna one. A little overpriced, but always a reliable standby.
2	Yeah, 2go doesn't quite hit the spot with me. The food is too expensive and underdone to take out - you may as well eat at Delux or go get the sushi at Zen (by the way, don't, it's terrible). The deli sandwiches are nothing more than what you'd find at Safeway, for a few bucks more. The cupcakes are extremely tiny for the $3 asking price, and not so good. I'd rather hit up Tammie Coe. However, I do like their wide selection of bottled beverages. The service here is usually horrendous. Sarcasm and bad attitude every time. Sorry that I asked for extra aioli and you forgot the first time, so I had to ask again... It's obvious the girls working this place hate their jobs - I imagine they feel a little left out of next door's happenin's. Delux2go was a great concept, but it seems someone veered a little off course during the construction. The selection is too vast and it ends up looking sloppy. If you're going to do Delux, you're better off eating at the actual restaurant, where the atmosphere and service (not to mention you get to eat your food right off the grill) is 100% better.
4	Lots and Lots of interesting cupcakes much were tasty some were not! The decor was awesome I really liked it!
1	I didn't think this place lived up to what it's known for.... BURGERS!It was suppose to be this great place to have burgers, we get there to find only three burgers on the menu... kind of a let down. And they weren't anything special. Not to mention it was very dark inside. The only cool thing about it was that the fries came in this tiny grocery cart shaped baskets...
5	This is my home away from home take out tasty meal. The Chinese Chicken Salad is where it's at. Fresh, tasty, quick. OK, so sometimes I"m too lazy to make something healthy... so they do it for me. Eat half now and save the rest for later - 2 meals in one! And they're nice too.
5	Okay, i'm not sure about anything else on the menu yet, but the Chinese Chicken Salad is something else!!!!!!!  It's a little expensive for a salad, but its HUGE and well worth it.  Make sure you ask for an extra salad dressing.  There's so much salad that you may need it!
3	Supposedly Delux is the only place that sells lobster bisque in all of the Valley.  After a week of craving lobster bisque, a friend of mine told me that Delux sells this soup.  I've been meaning to go to Delux for awhile.  I hear their burgers are the best in the Valley. I got crap on twitter because my friends knew I was going to Delux, but getting the soup instead of a burger.  C'est la vie...last week, my cravings were to strong and I had to give in.  Burgers will have to wait.I went to Delux 2 Go specifically for the soup.  I decided to surprise my boyfriend with lunch and ordered him one too.  Delux sells soups daily.  They make lobster bisque on Wednesdays. A schedule of their soups is on their menu which can be found on their website.I also ordered the tomato mozzarella salad.  I can never pass up a caprese salad.  While I waited for my order they offered me a water or iced tea.  I thought that was really nice.  The soups hit the spot.  The salad not so much.  The tomatoes and cheese were fresh.  I had problems with the olive oil and balsamic vinegar.  Both came in their own containers.  I tried mixing them without success.  I tried dipping it.  Not luck there either.  It was very diappointing.All in all, I will be back.  Just to try the burger and for a bowl of lobster bisque.I loved the soup
3	I used to think that delux had the best turkey burger in the world.  Lately it has been mediocre.  3 months ago they would've had 5 stars but my experience lately has not been so good.  I order ahead of time and ask when I should be there, and this last time, I was on time but they weren't.  They did offer me an iced tea while I waited which was nice.
4	Everyone goes here for the burgers, but try the gazpacho! And if you're a cookie-fan, the oatmeal chocolate chip cookies are to-die-for.
2	Always been a fan of Delux; however it appears that over time and the addition of the 2go feature, has taken it all down a notch. Decided to order carry out on the way home with our 3 year old. Easy parking and the main restaurant was mildly busy for 8pm on a Friday night. Arrived and the cashier provided our 3 year old with a child's coloring page that included the kids menu. What was annoying was not offering crayons to go with it, and then after asking for some, told "you can get them at the hostess stand in the restaurant". What? She did finally bring crayons to us, but 10 minutes later. How about keeping those crayons at the 2go cashier as well? Hmmmm....I digress. Ordering and wait time was good (about 20 minutes total). Items were packed well and provided in plastic bags; NOTE to Delux: paper bags are better as when you pick up a plastic bag filled with take out, everything gathers towards the middle and the food inside the containers slides to one side. This can turn into a mess. Kids peanut butter/jelly sandwich was non-descrip; dark bread and soggy fries  Back to the above note on bagging, had paper been used, the french fries would stay where they belong vs using the plastic bags and the fries spilling into the melted peanut butter from the sandwich. Kind of gross. Main burgers (had both the standard and delux) were as good as I remember. However, fries are thrown in a double paper bag; 5 minutes after picking up the meal, fries (both sweet potato and regular) were a greasy clump of nothing. Tossed them both. I'm all about supporting our local businesses in the Arcadia/Biltmore area, but when something starts to slip, I'll run elsewhere. May dine again in the main restaurant , but no more 2go. They just don't have the service level nor take-out best practices to make it worth the time/money.
4	I recently moved away from Phoenix and can easily say Delux is 1 of the top 5 things I miss about that city. We ordered from Delux 2 go at least 3 or 4 times a month. The service was always consistent and we rarely ran into issues with our order. You can get just about anything off of the regular Delux menu to go. I do agree with others that the sweet potato fries can be soggy. We usually avoided soggy fries by telling our order taker that we had issues with soggy fries in the past and wanted to prevent that from happening again. The Delux burger is THE best twist on the conventional burger I have ever experienced and is best when prepared medium rare.   The sweet potato fries are a must with any meal and you always have to ask for extra secret Delux sauce. That stuff is good on ANYTHING!
1	I used to like going to Delux but NOT anymore. About 6 months ago, I picked up a couple of salads and a burger to split with my then pregnant wife. She was a few bites in on the chicken salad and bit down on a 1" long aluminum rivet. She was okay thankfully. Having spent a number of years cooking in restaurants, I understand that equipment gets used pretty hard and things can and do break. So, not wanting to make too much of the issue, I politely called Delux and asked to speak with a manager. The manager got on the phone with me and I advised her what had happened. She didn't ask if my wife was okay-nothing. She asked for my phone number and advised that she would give it to the general manager and have him contact me. Well, to this day no one EVER followed up with me!Fast forward to last Friday night. My wife wanted a chicken salad and fries so I decided to go to Delux since it is just a couple blocks from my office. I call and am placed on hold for about 5 minutes. I hung up and called a second time and this time waited for almost 10 minutes. I called back one last time before giving up and I get one of the counter girls who takes to-go orders. I start to place my order and "click" she hangs up on me!!! I'm steaming at this point!! Then, I hear the counter girls voice again and she is laughing and talking to someone in the background and says, "man, is that dude going to be pissed!" and then proceeds to hang up the phone!!So, I decide that I am going to walk in and talk to the manager and let him know what just happened. It turns out that he is no better!! I explained what happened and my frustration with the situation and he just looked at me with a blank stare like, "what do you want me to do about it?"Its amazing that a place which used to be so good and deliver great customer service has turned to just another local disaster!! If you're wise, you'll avoid these guys like the plague!!
4	The to-go section has now been transformed into a sushi bar/to-go area. Still the same space, but now they have a counter to sit at and watch the chefs roll the sushi. I called ahead and placed my order, they said it would be ready in 20 minutes. I got there in less time and paid. It didn't take much longer for my food to be ready, definitely quicker than the 20 minutes as previously stated. They separated the fries from the hamburger, so they kept crispy - which is good because I don't' like limp fries. The Delux burger, the namesake, was delicious as always. I love Delux and it's great you can get the same items from the restaurant quick and easy. If you are in a hurry, ordering ahead is a lifesaver.
2	I got to the airport nice and early the other day and was delighted to see that delux was serving breakfast. It sounded delicious... the perfect sandwich. One of their yummy buns with two eggs, bacon and sausage. Heck yeah.Unfortunatly it wasn't near as good as it looked and sounded. Eggs had been cooked a while ago and were a bit dry and the bun wasn't the yummy soft, fresh bun it should have been.Fries were great. Maybe the burgers are better.
2	I've eaten in and done take-out from here, always a burger and fries. The burgers are fantastic and both the regular and sweet potato fries are delicious. Order a basket (or 1/2 basket) of mixed if you can't decide. The low rating is the result of two poor customer service experiences, both at the take-out counter. Take-out is on the sushi side where you can call in or order at the register. While looking at the menu and asking questions about bun/cheese options, the gal at the register's attention was divided between me and a fellow co-worker (it may have been the owner). While she answered my questions, she wasn't particularly pleasant and I left feeling as though asking questions about their menu was bothersome to her.To the staff:  Take care of one person at a time and don't rush your patrons. If you must be interrupted, be apologetic so your customers know their time and patronage is appreciated and respected. If you can't give customers this attention they deserve, add more personnel. Your food is great, but the customer service could use improvement.
4	Didn't sit down, this review is for the 2Go part of the business. It seemed totally packed the night I went through there and was able to wait for my order on a small bench near a TV that was showing the local NBA game. I had a good experience overall. This is a burgers/panini/grill type of place that doesn't scrimp on the arugula. Really enjoyed the fries, both sweet potato and normal. Also had a salad. It was all good. Ingredients seemed high quality. Relatively quick turnaround despite tons of diners. The decor was blue LEDs and sorta club- y which is ok by me. There was a sushi bar that I didn't try (sorry I have a rule about eating raw fish in the desert). Would totally go there again for take out.
5	Overall delux burger scores our five star award!  Reasons for this include grass fed hormone free meat, nice buns, delicious fries, and good herb teas!  The ambience is fun, casual, with cool lighting effects and a nice little patio.  We really appreciated the little touches including delivering the French fries in a little grocery cart!Would definitely recommend especially for late night eats (huge plus of full kitchen open til 2!!)  late night joints with this quality of good are quite rare :)
2	This place is way over priced and not worth it. I will admit, I've never dined in, only gotten take out, but I've payed out the wazoo and wasn't ever pleased.
