4	After a late night of dancing and touring The Strip all you want todo is eat and go to bed. Order your food from here! OUR FOOD: Medium 1/2 cheese, 1/2 pepperoni pizza = 10 slicesChicken caesar salad with generous portions of grilled chickenbreast and homemade croutons. 8 boneless chicken wings thatthey call "fingers." FYI - they come tossed in a spicy sauce (likebuffalo wings) so if you don't like spicy food like me, ask for plain.PRICE: $20 including delivery to our hotel. SERVICE: Took an hour - but they'd said 45-60 mins so no surprisethere. Food was hot considering it had to make it down The Stripin midnight traffic. Most modern hotels don't allow them beyond the front desk so thedelivery guy called me 5 mins prior to arriving to meet him down-stairs.
3	eeeeeeeeeehhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh it was ok....continues search for best pizza in the 169
4	We originally went to terrible's casino for some cheap dinner now, which was around 10:30 pm, but graveyard specials didn't start til 11pm. So I kinda waited around before deciding to leave my folks and walk down flamingo and see what there was to eat cheap. I was starving haven't eaten since breakfasts. Busted out the yelp app and saw a donuts place nearby.  Walked towards the donut shop then changed my mine. Ended up winging it and just walked, passed Roy's and saw 9091. Ok let's do this. Aww closed. Ok what else was there, I didn't want to walk back without anything. Walked some more towards jack in a box, didn't really want to settle for them and hoped there was something on the way. A message place, a pizza place looked like they were closed, a nice dressed restaurant skipped it  i was in  shorts and slippers, walked a little more then turned around to see if the pizza place was open. Ahh Verona Pizza, a girl was cleaning the floors, chairs were up, has to be closed nope they were open. A relief, saw the $3.99 for 2 slices of cheese pizza  and a soda and got it after checking out the menu.  Sat outside, enjoyed the full moon, cool night, pizza slices and soda, fast and friendly service. Pizza was very good, made like NY style but with a better tasting dough, thinner crispy edible crust, light and not oily or greasy which helps a lot because it wasn't a sloppy and saggy mess. The owner or at least what looked like the owner seemed cool too he spotted me the tax cause I only had $4 cash and my card.  The rest of their menu was looked pretty good and at a good price, definitely coming back. 12 wings and a soda for around 6 bucks.My night here wasn't actually over with the food, it is again Vegas on a Saturday night. During my meal, a guy asked me to use my phone, no problem looked like a local boy from Hawaii probs UNLV student who was stressing cause his friends left um there. Hawaii people can usually spot each other out and always show that aloha when needed. But if he wen dig wit my phone, my slippaz was off and ready fo run lol. Later on there was a customer who walked out of Verona swinging his carry-out pizza box in all kinds of direction and the owner looking guy ran out and nicely scolded him and told him that he was gonna mess his pizza up, probably first time having a pizza in a box lol. Also when I was about done there a guy who was walking back and forth, in and out of Verona, across the parking lot, who I thought was a regular customer waiting for pizza. But then he stood by the entrances 10 feet from me, quiatly speaking to himself, then went all out talking to himself swing his arms, shaking his pocket filled with coins, sounded like he was bragging about how much coins he had. I dunno I was already done and bailed. Pretty good night so far enjoyed my pizza and energized myself. Lol sounds more like a Facebook update then a review but I figured share my experience.Add they have sitting indoors and outdoots. And a big menu that includes, pizzas, salads, calzones/stromboli, sandwiches, and more. Open til 2am Fri and Sat, 12 am Sun-Thurs.
3	Feeling hungry, but wanting to save my appetite for a large dinner gathering, I stopped by this shop after work. $3.95 is what you will pay for two slices of cheese pizza with a drink.The employees, were quick to acknowledge my presents and even quicker to heat up my slices. Although the pizza was already made, the few minutes to reheat them in the over brought the slices back to life. The crust was crunchy and had a good chewiness to it. The pizza was greasy, but nowhere near as bad as other places I have been to. The sauce had little flavor and that is where I found fault. Overall, not a bad pizza, but does not stand out. For a quick lunch, it is not bad, but is overshadowed by its surrounding businesses.
1	Oh man.  So I just moved from Chicago. Please do not think that makes me a pizza snob. I am a champ of impulsive pizza by the slice decisions.  That said.Fuuuuck this place.  4 bucks for 2 slices of cheese and a drink sounded good to me, so I wandered in.  I was charged 50 cents extra to add sausage. Thats a sweet deal. i thought we were off to a good start.  The flour covered acne ridden juggalo behind the counter grabbed 2 slices of cheese from a rack (yes the pizza was just sitting on a rack with a pan covering it.)  He put a few pieces of sausage on it and put it back in the oven. He handed it to me in a styrofoam container and i took it home.    Famished, I tore open the package. The pizza was white.  the turd like sausage pieces were just sitting on top of this dry, old piece of pizza.  I took a bite and immediately put both slices in the garbage.  There was no sauce to be found. No spices.  This is desert pizza.
3	My oldest son (14yr) and I stopped by for the $3.99 2 slices and a soda deal. The place is tucked in a business strip mall. It's tiny, very informal, but clean. Our slice's were  served hot, not too greasy, nicely textured thin crust, with evenly proportioned cheese. It tasted fine. For what the place is, the meal was just what I expected.  I would have no hesitation in returning. Good, not the best, certainly not the worst, our meal "hit the spot" and we were off to our next adventure.
2	Very prompt and friendly delivery, but there was a large piece of mangled plastic wrap inside my italian sub. Gehh..
4	I was actually a little surprised that the pizza was as good as it turned out to be. This is a mom and pop type place with a rather large menu, including pasta dishes, salads, wings and dozens of other choices. Pizza is rather subjective, and everyone has a favorite. For me, this is a good all around neighborhood pizza place.On the down side, service is slow. I have been there a few times and it is always the same. A single employee handles the phones, register and the cooking. If they ever add another person I would up them to 5 stars.
3	Verona Pizza was the pick for lunch in the lab today because a pamphlet was thrown in the crack of the door of a friend's apartment.. We ordered a large pizza topped with just pineapple (a favorite of a girl in our lab, who's vegetarian), an order of chicken wings spiced medium, and a 2-liter of soda (Sierra Mist). When I arrived to pick up the order, we were greeted by a gentleman who told us that he had just called Tim (the guy who placed the order) to let him know it was done- he didn't want to take it out of the oven and let the food get cold. "Cool!" I thought, as I paid the man and picked up our food, which came out to about $28. So while we were carefully juggling all the food, he asked us where we worked and asked us to hand out some menus and call him after our meal to let him know how everything was. They get an A in guest service, I really appreciate when an owner cares about the guest, but the food wasn't all that special.Pizza: The dough wasn't that bad, but the sauce was lackluster. Unfortunately, bland sauce typically means bland pizza. Cheese was adequate and there was plenty of pineapple on the pizza. It was nothing to write home about, but it wasn't terrible either. I don't know that I would come here for their $3.99 2 slice pizza special as others have come for, since I imagine that re-heated ordinary pizza is probably worse. Wings: The wings weren't bad. There was no spice to them at all, and they were overcooked a bit (I think the restaurant probably par-cooks them before then refries them to order to make sure everything is cooked). Although I appreciate them taking the time in serving fully cooked chicken, they would definitely be better if they were cooked completely to order. There was many more wings than I had expected, although they were small. One more bone to pick, if I must, there weren't any carrots or celery served with the wings. :(THE RANCH HERE IS DELICIOUS!! It probably knocked the wings up from 2.5 stars to 3. Overall, it wouldn't be my first pick for pizza. HOWEVER, since the place is right across the street from UNLV, I imagine we will be ordering from here at least once more. I plan on calling the manager/owner tomorrow and letting him know how lunch was. Who knows, maybe they'll impress me next time. :)
5	Delicious...! We stayed at the stratosphere hotel over the weekend which is where we saw a flyer for Verona and decided to come check it out.  The place is a little out dated, but don't let that fool you, the food was amazing.  We ordered a lunch special that consisted of a 12" pizza, 12 hot wings, fries and a drink.  We also got a side order of garlic bread for a total of $18.  The server was extra friendly which made it a good experience.  I would definitely recommend this place.
4	Great customer service and reasonable prices. When you need a late night pizza, they are the best!
4	This is my go to spot for pizza because it's so close to me. I always get just plain cheese and it's amazing. If you make a plain pizza good then you princely make everything else great. The only complaint I have is I ALWAYS ALWAYS ask for extra side on my wings because I like them wet and they always come dry. Carry out special  is 7.00 for a large 1 topping.
