5	Great boutique hotel right off of Rue Ste-Catherine.  It's about 6 blocks east of Crescent St (where there are some decent resto's) and about 12 blocks east of the Eaton Centre.We got a great rate (about $105\night) for a King room on hotels.com.  When we arrived at the hotel we found out that the crib was going to cost as an extra $10 \ night and the Internet would be an additional $11 \ night.  I guess we've grown used to free cribs and Internet @ most American hotels and wasn't expecting to get nickeled and dimed.  Anyway the dude @ the front desk (Sebastian or something like that) offered to upgrade us to a suite for only $25 \ night which would include the Crib and the Internet.  The suite gave us a second bedroom for the baby to sit in and also a nice office \ lounge area.  The hotel was super clean and more than we expected for the rate we paid.  We would definitely stay here again the next time we are in Montreal.
5	We made a res after getting a deal through 'Living Social'.    This gave us an early (11 am) check-in and a late (3 pm) check out.This hotel is right downtown just off St. Catherine and only a few blocks from Atwater Ave.  This is great spot.   We were able to park right in front of the hotel for unloading and checking in.  The staff was very friendly and helpful as well as bilingual (as are we.)  Parking is conveniently located right under the hotel for $19 a night.  We were able to walk to the underground shopping center (HUGE and indoors) with hundreds of great shops.  We also stopped at a terrific Irish Bar (Hurley's).  We passed plenty of other enticing spots.  The hotel room was excellent with all the amenities.  Breakfast was included and while not fantastic was more than adequate with lots of fruit, breads, cheese, and  scrambled eggs.  The service (again) was outstanding.   The bed was great.  Extra pillows were provided in the closet.  ( I love that).   The room was so spacious that we had a get together with 2 other couples for late evening drinks.  Wifi was free and worked well.One thing we really liked was the list of recommended restos and night spots in the hotel's binder in the room.Thank you to everyone for a great stay.  We'll be back.
4	I love being in Montreal...This is probably my favorite hotel to be at when I'm in town...About as close to perfect as can be....Reasonable pricing...A lot of times you can check in earlier than standard time.Very comfy/ clean rooms...Good locale (not too far from Crescent Street)shopping area, movie theatre and bars, lounges all within walking distance...A cool, hip and quiet hotel thats on the borderline of perfection....
5	Client I was visiting booked me into this hotel as it is the one they generally use. What a nice place! Rooms were clean and comfortable. Easy access to the Metro. Staff were extremely pleasant and helpful. I will definitely return.
5	A fantastic hotel! Very close to the Museum of Fine Arts, extremely knowledgeable and friendly staff who offered a room upgrade "just because they could and it made them happy!"The bed is very comfortable, room spotlessly clean, quiet, great view of the city . We liked the kitchenette, the thick bathroom towels, the space in the sitting area where we could do yoga. The hotel is environmentally friendly and to us, it is an added bonus!Many thanks to the hotel personnel, particularly the night team at reception. You guys are great!We will definitely come back to what has become one of our favorite hotels in the world.
3	Stayed here for the August long weekend. We got a good price via Hotwire (blind bid) and were lucky that they had a room since we just booked a couple weeks in advance and many other hotels were completely booked up. Location is key and this place was a convenient base. It's supereasy to access either the green or orange metro lines. Restaurants in the area along St. Catherine are mostly subpar touristy Asian restaurants, but there is a nice looking breakfast/dessert place around the corner called Cacao. (I didn't get to go but friends really liked it). It's also across from a supermarket, which is nice because rooms have mini fridges and microwaves, so you can actually buy some food and prepare it yourself. It's also really close to the Canadian Centre for Architecture, which has a nice public garden. The decor is definitely dated, but it's clean and well looked after. Definitely not 'boutique' or trendy, but comfortable enough. Funniest part is probably the "Many Faces" pop up vanity mirror on one of the tables. Got upgraded to a King room, which was sweet. In general, the rooms are very spacious. Mattress was comfy and sheets were nice and soft. There is a gym although I didn't use it. Walls between rooms seemed pretty sound proof, although you can hear noise from the hallway.  The front desk staff were consistently helpful and friendly when it came to giving directions, calling us a cab, storing our luggage after check-out, etc. Everything was very smooth and professional. It's not the most stylish or luxurious joint, but provided great value and service.
3	The room smelled. A former smoking room? Aside from that, this hotel was adequate. It's a no frills, quiet hotel with fairly comfy bedding and free wi-fi. Parking is $24 a night. However, it's incorrectly advertised on Orbitz as a four-star hotel. I travel A LOT for business and pleasure and this hotel is a solid three-stars. Nothing fancy, no luxuries. Also, it's located in a kind of sketchy neighborhood. Lots of pan handlers and fairly far from Old Town and most of Montreal's main attractions. That said, we appreciated the access to the Parc du Mont-Royal, Atwater Market (a must!) and mybicyclette rental (each about a 20-min.walk from the hotel). Hotel du Fort was fine, but we'll look for another hotel closer to Old Town next time.
3	This hotel is just ok. The price was pretty cheap which is their main plus. Location-wise, it is a bit far from old town, latin quarter, etc but the subway station is about a 5 minute walk. Staff is friendly enough, rooms are dated but adequate. The TV's were very old and were spotty in their use. The parking garage is underground and a bit shady. You also have to switch elevators while going from the garage to the hotel elevators. Our breakfast was included, but I would not have paid the $12 extra if it wasn't. It included the usual cereals, juice/milk/coffee, egg/sausage, some breads/croissants (found a random chocolate one in there?), yogurt, and canned fruit. It wasn't bad, but it wasn't anything memorable either. If you're on a budget, stay here. If not, stay somewhere closer downtown.
