2	I have taken my dogs to Amigo forever, and when they told me what a bad dog I had and to never bring him back I was a little hurt. But I still took my other dogs there until I found a stray pit mix wandering the streets. I took him there to see if he had a microchip and the lady told me to immediately take him to the pound because he will undoubtedly try to kill me in my sleep. Long story short, i have a pit mix myself now who is sweet as pie and would never "kill me in my sleep." My thoughts are, they shouldnt go around telling people terrible things like that and focus more on HELPING the animals
5	I have been a patron of Amigo for almost 15 years, and Dr. Rose and Theresa and the entire staff are AMAZING! Their customer service and care for my pets has always been above what I could have ever hoped for. When my dog started declining in health, they were so accommodating to our needs, questions, and every single panicked call (and there were a ton). They were constantly willing to find the space in their schedules for me to bring her in. I always felt reassured by Dr. Rose's patient care, "bedside" manner, and competence. She conducted surgery and several other procedures on my dog to help me extend her life and with the greatest comfort and care my dog could receive. I cannot express how patient-focused their service is; they are wonderful! And, from the standpoint of having to make the excruciatingly difficult end of life decision for my dog, I was comforted in trusting that her last day was in their care while we attempted to treat her, and at the moment I came to my own conclusion that I would have to let my dog go, the compassion and validation that it really was "her time," made the devastating decision easier for me to handle. My trust in their familiarity with her and their intimate knowledge of her entire health history was so strong that I unequivocally knew that if there were viable options to treat her, those options would have been discussed. Even after that day, my relationship with them did not end, for they actually reached out to me very soon afterwards to extend condolences and offer support. By the way, their physical proximity to my initial home when I acquired my dog was the reason I initially sought their services, but I was so comfortable with them, I continued to seek their care even after I moved such a distance away that it wasn't convenient for me to get to because I valued their care and services so much. I just cannot say enough about how great I think the doctors and staff at Amigo are to their patients!
1	I went in there for the first time and it sucked! I asked to post a flier about a free dog walk event, but the lady couldn't be bothered and she shook her head at me. I know she was on the phone, but she could have waited until she was off the phone to give service. I was going to buy supplies, but forget it! I could understand them not wanting to post a flier, but they could have done something other than shake their head at me.  Never going back!
5	5 stars for Amigo Animal Clinic and Dr. Jensen! My pup had a large mass on his front leg and other symptoms lead us to believe he possibly had a cancerous tumor. Dr. Jensen and her staff were amazing at keeping me up to date on his tests and easing my worry while scheduling surgery. His surgery went well, Dr. Jensen did an amazing meticulous job and after sending the mass in we got the great news that it was not cancer. The caring staff at Amigo Animal Clinic made the stressful situation much easier and were fabulous from diagnosis to recovery. I give them the highest recommendation and know if your furry family members want the best care you cannot go wrong with their team!
5	Our puppy got parvo and thank God for Dr. Jensen and the staff little Jax is well and back to normal. I recommend Amigo Animal Clinic to everyone out there looking for a good veterinarian to care for their pets.
