5	Great device and a very clean location.
3	Just your average Subway sandwich located in Centennial.  I was in the area craving meat, but because it was Good Friday, fish is the only thing that I can have. I checked out Smashburger and Teriyaki Madness just in case they had fish options.  The answer was "no".  So, I settled for this Subway.  All I got was a 6 inch Tuna w/double tuna and zero condiments.  Because the mayo was missing, taste was no different than a can of tuna.  It did help that I had their tasty Honey Oat bread choice.  I've tried other meals from Subway in the past.  My favorites include their Steak and Chicken Breast.  Overall, my order was quickly made even though this place was packed for lunch. Service was good and my meal was good en ought to sustain me for a few hours.  I use to frequent places like Subway all the time, but with places like Which Wich, Capriotti's, and Firehouse all over, places like Subway now become an after thought.  However, one thing that Subway has to offer is cheap eats, consistent taste, and great service from their sandwich artists.
2	Not one of the better Subways I've been to. It is open 24 hours however they need more then 1 guy working. This guy seemed like it he knew nothing about the sandwiches or how to work the register right. it took almost 20 minutes to get a sandwich with only 1 person ahead of me. I had a cold cut combo and it was supposed to be $5 yet when I got to my car and looked at the receipt he charged me $5.25 instead. It's not like the extra quarter broke the bake it's just that the guy was lost. The fillings on my sub were great but the bread was crunchy and hard. I got some oatmeal cookies they were soft and good. I might give this Subway a shot at a later date since I shop at the nearby wally world and since they are open 24 hours.
5	First time in and was pleasantly surprised. Christopher was the only one working (I think ) and he was very kind. Greeted us immediately and always had a smile on. Very kind. Definitely left happy
5	Brian made my sandwich fast and clean , while chatting back and forth , great worker . Stays busy , cleaning and stocking up for the grave yard person .
