5	I had visited Smart Dental a few years back as a result of an ongoing dental problem. My previous Dentist had ruined the job they attempted on my teeth and I was nervous to have another experience like that. Boy was I pleasantly surprised. Not only did Dr. Sifri fix my teeth, but years and years later they are still in great condition.  I am an actor in Los Angeles and I model for several agencies out here in Los Angeles so it is incredibly important for me to have my teeth in perfect condition. After a strong recommendation from another colleague of mine I made the risk of flying out to Madison to have Dr. Sifri look at my teeth. What a successful journey it was. Again, Dr. Sifri completely fixed the damage done and did so at an incredibly reasonable price too. They are nice, informative and obviously talented. I would recommend Dr. Sifri and Smart Dental to ANYONE including my own family. I hope that Smart Dental is a giant success, because amazing service like that is hard to find these days.
5	Dr. Sifri is awesome (patient for 2 years).  I know he is always going to tell me honestly what I'm doing is not good for my teeth (too much soda!), and that he really has my overall health in his best interest.  I love the fact that if I have random questions I can post them on his facebook page and he always gets me answers right away!! (Crystal Light really isn't better for your teeth than water unfortunately!)His staff is great too, Anamika at the front desk is always very pleasant.
5	I usually am too lazy to do this, but I have to, after almost 3 years (i think?) of going to Smart Dental.  Hands down, Tamim is the best dentist in Madison.  I'd gone through two others when I got dental insurance for the first time ever in my life immediately following college, and none of them really ever took the time to provide me with a quality consultation.  Your own mouth shouldn't be a foreign subject and you should be able to fully understand the work that's going to be done--along with accurate prevention and treatment recommendations.  One experience in particular: when I was 23 I had a HORRIBLE wisdom teeth extraction which left me with four dry sockets--Tamim wasn't the surgeon, and honestly, it had nothing to do with the surgery anyway, but rather, that the job got done about 10 years later than it should have been because I didn't have insurance through high school/college and I had really large sockets.  Dry sockets were inevitable.  Anyway, one night, immediately following the surgery (which Tamim knew I was having) I woke up in the middle of the night with pain worse than anything I've had before and the "stuffing" preventing the sockets from hurting had come out.  I called him on his emergency line at like 2:00AM and he talked me through what was going on, had a prescription called in, and recommended Clove Oil as a low-cost pain anesthetic for the sockets themselves.  That's "customer" service beyond measure, and if you're not confident your dentist would be as available for you and treat you the same way, then you shouldn't go to him/her--because there are practitioners like Dr. Sifri.I could go on forever, but Dr. Sifri is fantastic, Anamika (who's an assistant and office manager extraordinaire) is great beyond measure, and Smart Dental should be the only choice for anyone in Madison.
5	After years of lacking adequate dental insurance, I stumbled into graduate school at the UW, and what do you know, but they like their graduate assistants to have good teeth. I've been in town since 2005, and ever since Dr. Sifri opened Smart Dental I knew I would eventually end up there. I'm always impressed by professionals who invest in their communities, and Dr. Sifri certainly fits the bill. I've been hearing about and seeing Smart Dental's sponsorship of community events and organizations as long as he's been in practice here. (And if you didn't know, Dr. Sifri helped establish the AIDS Network Dental Office. I mean, c'mon. That's pretty awesome.)Armed with my new insurance, I went in for an evaluation and cleaning. Everyone in the office was very friendly, and not at all judgmental when I admitted to the number of sun-rotations since my last check-up. Most impressive however, was the amount of care Dr. Sifri took in not only talking to me like a friend instead of a clueless patient. He listened to my concerns, looked into some information for me, and even helped me find some other care providers for some of my issues. I really felt like he cared to inform me about everything that was going on, what I would need to have done, and why certain options were better than others. In short, I feel like he went above and beyond what I generally expect from most health care providers.As a result of my check up and cleaning (which was done by one of his very friendly assistants!) I learned I had a few cavities to fill (sadtimes...) I think they thought I was joking when I said the care I was provided was going to receive a glowing Yelp review, but as you can tell, I wasn't joking. I'm not a fan of needles, nor am I a fan of those Godawful dental drills, but my experience had to be the most relaxing, painless experiences I've ever had in a dentist's chair (I'll spare the world my history, but I've had my fair share of tooth grindings, extractions, and orthodontics to last 3 lifetimes...)Dr. Sifri was nothing short of amazing with his injection of anesthetic. I actually wondered if anything was happening while I was being injected with the stuff. It didn't hurt one bit. I don't know very much about anesthetic injections, so I can't guarantee all injections were made the same, but Dr. Sifri is really good at making it not hurt. My filling went smoothly, and they even got me out 30 minutes earlier than what I expected.I even got a phone call the following day to check in, to see if I was doing alright. I liked that touch.If you're looking for a compassionate, patient-centered dentist, (not to mention a dentist who invests in his community-- very important!) look no further than Smart Dental. Dr. Sifri and his staff are wonderful!
5	Dr. Sifri, Anamika, and any other staff I've come into contact with at Smart Dental are *amazing*. Like many people, I am not a big fan of the dentist. I went to Smart Dental based on good Yelp reviews (I wish Madison used Yelp more for dentists, doctors, etc.) and I was so satisfied with my experience. I've now recommended this clinic to several family members, and everyone loves them!Dr. Sifri recommended a good doctor for my wisdom tooth removal as well.No complaints! Very happy I found this dentist in Madison.
5	Just got back from my initial visit at Smart Dental with Dr. Sifri.  I feel like I just went to the Cadillac of dentists (DISCLAIMER:  I just moved from Chicago where my dentist was a Botox lipped lunatic whose goal was to sell me Invisalign...so it might not take much to impress me.)  Friendly, clean, modern, good magazines, nice view from my dentist chair.  My appointment involved a sit down meeting with the dentist?  What?  Dr. Sifri went trough my forms and asked me questions that let me know he was actually paying attention and had the best interests of my teeth and my wallet in mind.  The staff were very polite and everyone invited me to a cookout they are having later this month. My dentist is making me lunch on the 21st. What I appreciated most was how clear they were about everything-when I made an appointment, I received a call back from the office to confirm that I wouldn't need to pay a copay at my appointment.  I also made 2 other follow up appointments and I was told I would receive a call about the cost of those as well.  All other dentists I've been to play dumb about the cost and make me figure it out myself.  I have a good feeling about this place!
5	My husband and I have been Dr. Sifri's patients for a couple of years. We both came to see him after several years of neglecting our dental health and he took great care of us. He is very knowledgeable, professional and nice as a person. He is the best dentist we've ever had, and we'd definitely stick with him probably for life if we didn't move to a different state. We highly recommend Dr. Sifri.
5	For a person who hasn't been to the dentist in a while and coming back, Tamim and his staff made me feel very comfortable. Tamim explained everything that needed to be done and they were very flexible with their schedule, especially their late hours on Monday nights which really helped with my schedule. Now my teeth are looking great! :)
