4	I LOVE Thai food... and Pink Pepper has some very good Thai food. They are the best place in town to get traditional Thai dishes.  Everything I have ever eaten there was well prepared, fresh and consistent.  Their prices push the high end of moderate, and the service is occasionally slow depending on how well staffed they are. That said, you will always have a good meal and never any bad surprises.  It is not the place to go for new imaginative food.  When you want good Thai and are not up to trying anything new, this is a good place to go.
1	Was I there on a bad day or what?  I showed up 15 minutes after they opened and EVERY item I tried was either luke warm or cold.    They have 15+ items on the lunch buffet and I tried a bite of all of them.   Gross and bland.   I felt sick to my stomach after I left because I kept thinking how bad the food was. Yuck!
5	Thai food is one of my passions. I long ago stopped eating Chinese food entirely--bland piles of flavorless noodles and weird sticky-sweet sauces, no thank you. And I don't have any use for cloying, syrupy Pad Thai dishes that roll around begging for your attention like some filthy two-dollar noodley whore. I like my Thai food spicy. Thai spicy. Pink Pepper delivers, and for that I dub thee the Best Thai in Phoenix. My personal favorite dish is called "Spicy Green Bean with Tofu", aka Prik King. I'm a vegetarian, and they have a ton of veg options, but not to worry, carnivores, they've got your back. Unbelievably flavorful, with fresh vegetables--not fresh-frozen, really fresh. And spicy? They ask you to order your spiciness based on a 1-to-10 scale, 10 being the surface of the sun. Not coincidentally, very much like the "pain scale" you may find at hospitals. I order a 10, and they always ask me "are you sure?"--possibly for insurance purposes. So so good. If your tastes are milder, they'll take care of you. You'll get less heat but no less flavor. I've only had the lunch buffet once--and it is a bit milder, as one would expect when feeding a crowd of suburbanites. It's a great opportunity to try dishes you've never had before, and if you want something stronger they're more than happy to let you order off the menu. The service? Well, I live in California and I don't get into town that often. I've only eaten at the Pepper maybe 10-15 times over the last few years. But every time I walk in, the wait staff greets me by name and remembers what I ordered on my last visit.  Incredibly nice folks. Atmosphere? Well, it's 1985 in there. I like 1985. Kind of a teal green/gray combo. It's a high end Miami Vice video type thing, sans neon. It's very unique, it has character and I sincerely hope they leave it the way it is. It's clean, well-kept, nice low-level lighting, great for a first date. To recap: stop reading this and get down there post-haste.
2	Mediocre Thai food. I had the Pad kee Mao, a dish that was supposed to be wok fried in a chili and garlic sauce, but I tasted no garlic and little chili - it was asi, asi. My lunch companion thoroughly enjoyed his panang curry and was sweating up a storm from the spice.  Maybe I just ordered the wrong dish.  Oh well, it doesn't matter, with so many delicious options for Thai food in the valley, I probably won't return.
4	This is a great, unassuming Thai restaurant - everytime we go, we ask ourselves why we don't eat here more.The food is great - I routinely get Crispy Chicken in plum sauce and Ryan has Chicken or Beef Panang.  The flavors are just wonderful and it is consistent.  We've never done the buffet, but I am not a big fan of buffets in the first place.  (As many others have commented, it is hard to keep food fresh, warm and tasty in a steam tray.)The atmosphere is nothing to write home about, but it doesn't offend - kinda like an old kitchen that needs some updating (way too much laminate).  On our last visit, our waiter remembered our drink orders from memory.  I almost fell over backwards.  We'll definitely be back.
2	My BF and I went a couple days ago for dinner. Even though it was Saturday night, the restaurant wasn't that full and we were seated fairly quickly. The decor is definitely nothing to speak of, but it was clean. The color scheme, particularly the pink and lilac napkins, was a little strange, but I guess it's supposed to go with the name.Unfortunately we were seated in an odd area in the back of the restaurant. I guess I would describe it as a corner banquette where we were sitting at a 90 degree angle instead of across from each other. There was an older couple in their 60s or so sitting at the other end of the banquette, and no one in the booths across from us. Throughout dinner the older couple were discussing breast implants, recreational drugs, and menopause the musical. Because the area we were seated in was so empty we couldn't help but overhear their conversation which made for a very unpleasant dining experience.Our server was a younger lady, I'd say late 20s/early 30s. From the moment she first came to our table things started off on the wrong foot. I was looking at the drinks menu and she made some comment about how I'm too young for that. Now I know that I look young and I don't have any problem with people saying that, but it was her tone that almost sounded like she was scolding me.Anyway, we went on to order and started off with an appetizer. I don't remember the name, but I jokingly called it a Thai quesadilla. It was chicken, peas, potatoes, and maybe some other stuff wrapped inside a flour tortilla and served with peanut dipping sauce. The tortilla was folded in half and then cut into four pieces. We both liked the taste and flavors a lot but found it very difficult to eat the middle two pieces without making a mess.For entrees, I ordered pad see ew and my BF ordered pad thai. Both dishes were okay, but we've had better. For the pad thai, I'm used to seeing the crushed peanuts and bean sprouts come on the side for you to mix into the noodles yourself. But it wasn't served like that. For the pad see ew, this is the second Thai place I've tried in the valley and neither has done it right. First of all, I wish they'd use real Chinese broccoli instead of American broccoli, but I can overlook that. What I don't understand though is why I keep getting asked what degree of spicyness I want. In my experience, pad see ew isn't supposed to be spicy. It's supposed to be cooked with a sweet soy sauce. The noodles were good and had a nice soft texture, but the flavor that I want just wasn't there. Also I ordered it with pork and there was something off about the pork. I think it was either old or just a very poor cut of meat.Now here's why I ended up giving only two stars. By now the older couple had left and a new couple had been seated in one of the nearby boothes. Both tables had different servers who were very friendly and attentive. After we finished as much of our meals as we could, we sat with our plates untouched for 15-20 minutes and our server basically ignored us. I don't know if she forgot we were there or what. Also neither of the other two servers who kept passing by took notice that we were waiting to be boxed up and go. Finally I had to flag a server down and he went to get our server. She came and made some comment about how it looked like we were falling asleep (duh, we're tired of waiting) and then took our food to boxed up and brought back the check. Then she disappeared again for another 10 minutes before finally returning to pick up our credit card and ring us up.I'm disappointed because Pink Pepper is pretty close to our house and I was really hoping that this would become a place we could visit frequently. While I'm not outright ruling the possibility of returning, I think we'll have to try some other Thai places first.However, I do have to comment that I disagree with JBH J.'s review that the prices are high. I thought they were very reasonably priced.
3	Pink Pepper has been around forever. Yesterday was the first time I stepped into the place. Decor was odd, not very cool looking except fothe concrete bar. The service was excellent, I asked questions and recieved real honest answers. The food was all good. Steamed dumplings = excellent Sauce for dumplings = mehPad Thai = good Fried rice with Chicken = good nothing specialFried chicken in creamy garlic sauce with carrots and celery and onions. = This was my favorite dish. I really liked it.
4	Pink Pepper has always been something I drove right past, but today it's convenient proximity to Jamba Juice (where I had a BOGO coupon) made me decide to try it out.  I thought the JJ would be a nice soothing dessert if my meal was nice and spicy. I enjoyed the lunch boofay very much - enough so that I had no room for my smoothie, and that is saying something if you know my love of smoothies.The boofay area seemed small as you view it through the glass strip mall window, but once inside, it blossomed into a wide variety of dishes which were plentiful and varied: multiple rices, noodles, and soups, and several dishes each of chicken, seafood, tofu, pork, veggies.  There was a cold salad bar with regular and asian style salad.  Labeling of dishes was okay but not perfect, and I almost got a helping of deep fried calamari in creamy sauce that I thought was chicken, thank Buddha I didn't!  (yeah, I thanked Buddha, hey, we are in a Thai place)Service was really friendly, start to finish, from several staff.  They have an oddly placed bar that looked well stocked for a restaurant.  Clean, yes, very much so, but uber-outdated decor.  A couple of other reviews mentioned Miami Vice, but I'm more reminded of those late 80's Nagel paintings and sneaking in a few guilty episodes of California Dreamin' (cheesy Saved By the Bell after-effect) when I would have claimed I was already much too old to still be watching.I'm calling this 3.75 Stars, but I'd easily give another star if there was some mango sticky rice available with the boofay for dessert, but I'll admit that's a lot to ask.  For a sweet bite to take some spice off the tongue, the bowl of 'fruit salad' (peach, pineapple, banana) and doughnut-hole-like, sugar-coated, fried dough balls would have to do.Another thai restaurant I reviewed, Thouch of Thai ( http://www.yelp.com/biz/touch-of-thai-phoenix-2#hrid:XgMuRmuhpdQwbGXU9PMu5w ), seems to be North Phoenix's most popular Thai place, and it's allright, but Pink Pepper really takes the cake.They are family owned and operated with only two locations, but they've been in Phoenix since 1983, and have earned a mass appeal since then.  This is from their website:"Peoples Choice - Best of Phoenix/ Best Ambience 198510 Years of the Best Thai Food - "Phoenix New Times" - `84, `86, `87, `89, `90, `91, `92, `93, `94, `95, `96.Arizona's Best - Arizona Republic & Gazette - `91, `92, `93, `94, `95."I'm not sure what happened in the mid-90's there, but my guess is that Pink Pepper has just stayed the same, while the popularity of thai food in general -- and the sophistication of the Phoenician palate -- has grown up around them.  With a lot more choices, Pink Pepper is not quite the novelty it must have once been.  Lunch boofay six days a week though means I will be back, and I will also use it as a way to get finicky eaters I know to try something different (boofays are great for that).  I loves me a boofay.    Weekday lunch price $9.15 after tax (no drink)
3	I had the boofay yesterday with Ryan C. It was good. I liked being able to try it all and figure out what I do not like. There was nothing that was really bad, and nothing that was really great. It was all good. The coconut chicken soup thing was a little odd, but the chicken in it was really good quality and tasted good while added to other types of sauce. OH YEAH... They painted and re decorated. It looks really good in there.
5	To quote my previous review: "I'm calling this 3.75 Stars, but I'd easily give another star if there was some mango sticky rice available with the boofay for dessert, but I'll admit that's a lot to ask. "==Well, I didn't get my Mango Sticky Rice, but the Saturday boofay contained a few items not there during weekday lunch, including a wonderful Thai Custard Tart with Apple slices and a seasonally updated version of the fruit salad with tons of ripe mango, strawberry, and pineapple.The hot line had a few extras as well.  There were more seafood dishes than during the week,  a unique thai 'salsa' with diced green/red peppers and avocado, and a new crispy tofu number I hadn't ever seen before.I also got to experience the same level of friendly, attentive service I've grown to expect, but from a completely different set of staff.Consistency like this points to a very well run establishment.So since I promised I'd do it, 4.75 stars!
5	After a few parties left and we were the only ones in the place, we were just like the family from A Christmas Story christmas afternoon, although no one sang us a rousing chorus of "Deck The Harrs" like they got in the movie! We got several dishes to share family style.  Menu items more than hold up the 5 stars I gave the lunch boofay. Special thanks to the chef who rustled up khai yat sai, a thai omelet stuffed with minced chicken and veggies that wasn't on the menu, but a member of our party ordered in near-fluent thai, surprising both me and our server.Spicy pasta with chicken, Red curry chicken, blushing Buddha (veggies in brown sauce), chicken fried rice, spring rolls, Steak & Chicken with spicy thai lemon garlic sauce, and the khai yat sai were all superb.  Thai custard and fresh Mango sticky rice just sent this meal over the top, but for the portions the price was not over the top.
4	I stopped here today for lunch after Pei Wei put me on hold. I was starving and needed food fast- plus I had a taste for something asian. It seems they have changed their name to Tara Thai? At least thats what the sign seemed to say(?) I opted for the buffet to go and was impressed by all the different selections- especially of noodles. I have a thing for noodles and tried three different kinds- one of which, called simply Chicken Noodles was AH-mazing! Big thick flat noodles with hunks of chicken and bean sprouts and onions. The Pad Thai noodles were also pretty scrumptious. The onlly thing I didn't enjoy were the eggrolls. They looked like they were straight from a La Choy freezer box. Instead of homemade and all big and bumpy they were finger sized with that weird dough that is flaky on the outside but retains all the grease inside and tastes like hot dirt. Anyway, not a big deal but I'd figured I'd mention it. Must go back for the noodles.
4	Buffet's bring back bad memories. You wouldn't expect this, but growing up in rural Maine, the "big city" consisted of 30,000 yet somehow we managed to have more then a handful of glutton inducing Asian inspired buffet's. I am talking mega buffets, and I use the word "inspired" loosely. Luckily Pink Pepper's lunch buffet is nothing like that. I am still somewhat skeptical about multiple parties digging into the same troughs full of food sitting out but whatever; live life dangerously.I hit Pink Pepper every once in awhile with coworkers for their lunch buffet. The service is always prompt and friendly, that atmosphere is not tops but its not bad and always comfortable. The lunch buffet is about $8.50 and they always have a handful of vegetarian/vegan items. Spicy eggplant, spicy tofu, spicy noodles, crispy tofu and vegetables, are just a few of the great dishes that are usually at the buffet. I don't get the feeling that this is the most healthy fare, but it's not overly oily either. It's also maybe not all authentic but it's close, and it's all very tasty and consistent.We just went in this week and they have stepped up the buffet a bit more for 2010. They had fresh bowls of chopped scallions, cilantro, etc to top dishes. They also had a plate of veggie spring rolls and two different kinds of new peanut sauces to try with them and/or other dishes. These simple additions really show they are trying to enhance the buffet experience as much as they can and that's refreshing.I can't comment on dinner but if you don't feel comfortable with the lunch buffet at least give them a shot with dinner.
5	now called Tara Thai ~http://www.yelp.com/biz/tara-thai-phoenix#hrid:jZ5ynxfXefkDBzm4vB1E4A
4	Definitely a fan of this place. It is not too often you find a Thai Buffet yet alone one that serves fairly decent tasting food. This place does both and a really good job of the later.The selection is good here... My favorite is the dish with the fried fish fillet. It always hits the spot. I really like the 2 soups they have. I usually have 1 small bowl of each. The chicken with basil is good also. None of the dishes in the lunch buffet are bad but aside from the ones I mentioned earlier it's just decent. Hence the 4 stars versus 5.For desert they have mini donuts... they taste like malisadas if your familiar with that. Wait-staff is nice but I always need to tell them I need extra napkins.
4	Pink Pepper is terrific.  The only thing that would make it more terrific is faster service and updated decor.  But if you want authentic, tasty, spicy Thai food, you won't be disappointed.  It's probably the best Thai I've ever had.  I've only been for dinner twice and both times we were thrilled with our choices.  I am always blown away by the coconut/chicken/mushroom soup - it's ridiculously good and I could eat 4 servings. We've had various other items and they were all terrific, but I was NOT a fan of the Thai BBQ Chicken (basically a really bland, whole-BBQ'd chicken, cut up with a basic sauce.)  If you're a fan of spice, you will be pleased with their 10-point scale. I thought I could handle my own, but even a 6 was intolerable for me.  Reminds me of the great food in the Bay Area - definitely worth trying.
