3	The Marinello School of Beauty wouldn't be my first choice since we live on the complete opposite side of town and the drive down there was rather intimidating to say the least. I'm sure there are many roads to this school but my Garmin GPS drove us through a neighborhood with barbwired homes that the owners still didn't feel comfortable in so they reinforced their windows with metal bars! It was 11am as we made the pilgrimage to the School and I couldn't keep track of the number of homeless people I saw but will say we passed 3 different people sitting on curbs drinking 40's and no matter how long I live here, even in Vegas this still seems wrong to me.I've seen my fair share of Slums and homelessness but my poor step daughter grew up in a totally different environment and she looked over at me and with shock/concern exclaimed "OMG where the hell is this place? I can't believe Mom signed me up to come here knowing it was in this part of town...We better not get mugged cause there is no way I'm missing Prom!" I laughed and told her we would be fine as I've seen a lot worse neighborhoods in my time (although not by much). Sorry I went off on a tangent again.we were there for hair and makeup and that really should be the focus of the review:The student the mother knew ended up playing hookie that day. After explaining to the receptionist 3x who we were, why we were there and yes we had a reservation the daughter ended up being placed with someone named Yolanda.She took a look at the Carrie Underwood style hairstyle and said sure I can do that. I wasn't allowed into the cutting area of the school but told the daughter to scream if she needed me.Two hours later and no yells from the back & I've read the Magazine I brought with me cover to cover and have to wonder just what in the world is taking so long? My kid went in beautiful and only needed a spit shine/polish.It took a few minutes to remember this is a school and the people working here aren't pros yet. Make sure to have at least an extra hour to kill or you will run out of time real quick.The daughter did emerge almost 3 hours later looking gorgeous and smiling ear to ear so I'm guessing she loved her look. The receptionist lost control of the lobby around 14:40 hours as one mother dropped off 5 kids under the age of 6 or 7 and went and sat in her car to talk on her cell phone. I know this as their horseplay was driving me nuts. In fact it was so bad it chased me outside and there was the mother talking to her boytoy on the phone in the car next to mine. Was never so happy for AC and a working car stereo!The price was cheap, the experience was scary yet entertaining as in will we survive or won't we kinda way. My daughter did have a few complaints the first being about the girl having to redo her hair three times as the professor lady wasnt happy with how Yolanda and her other students had done something with her hair. Her face also came out about 3x as dark as the rest of her neck and shoulders and I had to wonder if that was a result of their not being used to working on someone with her pale Irish complexion.I explained another time to her this was a school the people are learning and to give them a break because they made you even more beautiful than you already are. That eased her down but...Of course the mother was not amused as the daughter and her prom date stopped by her restaurant to show off their outfits and hairstyle She noticed two of the curls had already come undone from the design. I swear I left the top up on the ride home so it must have either been the boyfriend with his windows down.OK so to recap. Its in a bad part of town/ghetto. The treatments are cheap but you end up paying for it in time and stress sitting in their lobby with some interesting and sometimes scary people. I'm sure quality isn't top notch across the board but remember they are students and not pros. If you aren't willing to take a gamble. Go to a real salon and pay for what you want.
4	Hair, nails, facials...they do it all and pretty cheap. $6 mani, or you can do a mani/pedi for $15 and get a free OPI nail polish.
1	Let me start of by saying, I'm not one to tell others how to do their job, student or not. I'll let you know what I want and I'll let you do your job.Although this mani pedi plus tip only cost me $22.. I would never ever come back. EVEN IF IT WAS FREE!What I saved by coming to this school plus the results that I got together wasn't worth my time, drive, money, or energy.It's far in the east, in the ghetto (I was almost hesitant on getting out of the car)..  and it took 3.5 hours total (plus an additional 40 minute drive each way). I had a "cosmo" do my mani, I had already filed my nails myself so all she had to do was paint white lines, which she did very well. The issue was- she didn't make a wise decision on my base coat. She used an (old) thick polish so it didn't come out evenly, texture wise and color wise (see picture). I don't want to be mean but anyone with any kind of sense could tell that it didn't even look decent. A quote from her "it's kinda thick but its not bad". Obviously she knew there was an issue, maybe too lazy to correct it or figured that I'm just a cheap client and I deserve what I paid for? It took about an 1.5 hours for my simple (not deluxe) French mani. Another quote from her, "I've been here for two months, I do hair but I like nails too".I had an actual "nail tech" do my pedi. I was hoping that since she was a nail tech, I would be much happier with the results, I even suggest for her to use a different base coat. I didn't clip my toes or filed them myself so it was up to her to do so. MY OH MY was I wrong on assuming that this nail tech would be better than the cosmo- she couldn't even file straight, forget about painting straight! On top of that, she mentioned that she only has 4 months left until graduation! PLEASE LOOK AT THE PICTURES I UPLOADED. It is nowhere near straight but when she was done she asked me if it was okay.. obviously if she herself thought it was okay then she has no sense at all, not even worth mentioning to her that they weren't straight. Not to consider how long I've been there, I just wanted to get the beep out asap!(It's 30 mins before closing and I asked how many clients she had today.)"It depends on how many requests I get. You're my second client today". (I didn't request her.)Uhhhh- You've been here all day and I'm just your second client..? Not just that people don't request you.. But they also don't use you unless there are no other workers left?!! This simple pedi took just a little bit over 1.5 hours, with me asking her to skip the massage.Okay.They make you pay beforehand, if they didn't.. I would've walked out after my 1.5 hour manicure. An hour into my pedicure, I wanted to pull my hair out and storm out.. But I just couldn't. I don't want to be the one to make these girls realize that they're in the wrong field. I still tipped and was polite, but in reality.. NO NO NO!!! Another thing I realized.. These girls aren't getting paid, I wouldn't be surprised if they took their sweet time purposely so they'll have to work on fewer clients. I got off work at 5 and immediately drove there ..I got home at 940. I wasted a total of almost five hours of my evening. FYI, I skipped my workout for this and was planning on getting a massage after. I dearly regret my decision. For the time that I wasted here, I could've worked out, got a mani pedi elsewhere, my massage, and probably even a nice dinner!I CANNOT wait to get home to take these off!!! OMG(and yes I am writing out this review as I am sitting here because I have nothing else to do in this janky run down place!!)God, please bless these girls.
1	As a student I am giving this campus one star. I would give negative 5 if possible!The receptionist, who is responsible for giving clients to students; is biased and only gives "good students" clients. We can't all become great cosmos, nail techs and hair designers without practice. Several students would get one client a week! While others received several a day. This is NOT the students or teachers fault. This falls on the receptionist who is stuck in her ways, disrespectful, unprofessional and biased. Mrs. Iris is the BEST teacher and is the glue holding this terrible campus together. As being a student who was professional and took the start of my career very seriously, it's stressful to deal with the ghetto students, staff and clientele that comes in. It's a dirty salon and doesn't stop their! Ask the stylist when the last time they disinfected their tools was....it's suppose to be after every service but I can assure you, not every student is cleaning every implement after every service.I wrote a very detailed letter of my complaints to Marinello's corporate office and they are just as unorganized as this location! I never heard anything back about my complaint and it took over 3 months for me to receive my certificate of completion after I graduated. I paid well over $5,000 of my own tuition and am in debt by another $10,000 because of this school and I wish I would have gone somewhere else! I wish I could get a refund because my education surely wasn't worth $15,000! I wasn't invited to the first graduation ceremony that I rightfully deserved because the receptionist who invited everyone else on Facebook, wasn't friends with me so I had no idea. But Marinello does have my physical home address, phone number and email...why weren't these methods used to contact me? I'm not sure. But there is another ceremony in July and I will be invited to that one! Well it's July 16th and I still haven't heard anything about my ceremony that I worked and paid for.It took over 6 weeks to refund my licensing fees and every week when I called about it, there was a different excuse. "The lady at corporate is on vacation so it's been sitting on her desk for a week" "No one has gotten back to me about it yet" "Oh honey, the computers at corporate are down this whole week!" "Now our computers are down at the campus this week" they finally wrote a cash receipt and paid me thru the register. This school has hired incompetent teachers and enrolled ghetto students in my year long experience at Marinello. Favoritism runs throughout that campus and it's sickening. I am luckily now licensed and an employed hair stylist. Which the career counselor did not help me find. I contacted him within one month of graduating, he took a week to return my call and simply reworded my resume. I sent out my own resume, got my own job interviews and landed a job on my own without the help of Marinello. Or even a follow up call from the career counselor. Marinello taught me the foundation I needed to become a licensed and professional hair designer but when I was enrolled my teacher was fabulous! As my time ended at Marinello, the good teachers were leaving one by one and this campus has dwindled to shit. My education is something I've always taken seriously and this school makes a mockery of any educational institution. I am enraged that I owe thousands of dollars to a school who isn't even worth $20.
1	I am a regular but Let me explain:The receptionist is always unorganized & unprofessional. Every time I've gone it always takes at least 15 minutes to even pay for your service. I usually go for my eyelashes $10. You then have to wait another 10-15 minutes for the student to even start working on you. The students themselves are nice, yet unprofessional. When I am getting service done I don't need the students among them chit chat about their personal life. It is annoying. Customer service is past mediocre. Many many MANY of the "seniors" practicing on clients ARE NOT ready. The school should better prepare the students. My suggestion is: get your eyelashes & make up done THAT IS IT. I've gotten a  haircut=disaster, gel manicure= nail polished gone after day 1, pedicure= nail polish on my feet. In all I will continue to come for my eyelashes only. Nothing else.
