5	I am no techie, in fact a rather un-handyman but thanks to internet research and Parts Electronics I was able to self-repair my old HDTV that would have cost me $75 to have removed as scrap (it weighs 276lbs).  Parts did the soldering job in under two hours.  Below is my 10/6/2008 post on www.HDTVoice.com ...it is still working fine!"Thank you LJS Law and everyone! I have no skills but was able to pull the DM Module and had a shop replace the capacitors for $57.19. My Mitsubishi WS55859 now works perfectly. Mitshubish no longer manufactures the DM Module and it is no longer available through Sears or anywhere I tried. Two shops (Romano's and Affordable) in Scottsdale estimated repair at between $400 and $800, both said the internet fix was bull**** .  Both shops were grumpy and Affordable was downright rude when I inquired about just switching out the capacitors. The soldering job was done at Parts Electronics 4126 N. 19th Ave., Phoenix, and they also supplied the capacitors for a total, with tax, of $57.19. Capitol Electronics Supply, 2105 W. McDowell, Phoenix, also has the seven 16V capacitors for a total of $14.78, including tax.Thanks to you guys and Parts Electronics my wife thinks I'm a hero."
5	Great store! Great experience! Very happy customers that will be back time and time again!If the great service and prices aren't enough, it is located right down the street from home. Perfect! It is located next to My Mothers Restaurant on the Northwest corner of 19th ave and Indian School. Right when we walked in I knew we were int eh right place. The store looks like it has been in that place for over 50 years, stuff everywhere, but I am sure it is a controlled caose. And in fact the store has been there for a very long time, as the owner explained to us. Owned by his dad in the 50s. he grew up working for his father int he store and then took over the family business when his dad retired in the 80s I believe. Very nice guy!We needed a new DLP lamp for our television, and he had just what we needed, and at the best price in town. W will surely be back in the future for other part and/or to purchase on of the many TVs they have for sale in the front of the store. Please check them out, it is hard to find a good'ol family owned store these days. They put their blood sweat and lives into this place, and it shows!Thanks so much for a great experience!
1	Purchased a new bulb from this company 6mos ago, the new bulb just blew again. what a rip off. I was told I have a 1year warranty when I purchased it. Now they're telling me its a pro-rated warranty. I'm taking my business else where!
