1	I have lived in their property for 4 months with a shattered window upon move-in.  They have yet to fix it, make up excuses, and are the least professional property management company I have ever dealt with.  I wish I could find the owner of this lovely condo and let him/her know how poorly it is being managed.Property Owners and tenants beware.  I also want to note that they claimed to have done a background check and credit score on both myself and my roommate.  When I incquired about my credit score at the signing, the person representing Rossetti turned over a piece of paper, and rattled off a fake credit score number.  I thought it seemed MUCH lower than mine, so when I got home I immediately checked my score, and I was right.  She made up a number, and probably never even ran the real numbers.
1	Smart,ethical, good hearted people- Beware. If I could give negative stars, I would.I am still unsure how Anthony Rossetti and staff sleep at night. I attempted to rent a townhome from Rossetti and never spent one night in the place. His staff had not fixed or cleaned the place as agreed upon and upon arriving the first night, we discovered a leak upstairs that caused the ceilling to cave in. Mr. Rossetti was combative and unapologetic. He did not want to properly repair the water damage, he simply wanted to scrape the ceilling and patch it. Another leak developed and we (still unable to move in) were told we could keep our stuff in the garage and we were ridiculous for finding the place uninhabitable. We relinquished our keys, having not spent a single night in the house and yet Mr. Rossetti would not give us our deposit back even though he violated state statues. He LIED UNDER OATH and is quite the weasel, keeping over $2000.00 of our money.He claimed he had the right to keep our money since he had to readvertise the place, even though he had never taken down the sign or the information from the rental site. He had agreed (with witnesses) verbally to give us our money back and then went back on his word, causing us to go through months of hassle and court.  We are in our late twenties and both hard working professionals. I wouldn't recommmend this company to my enemy. Please save yourself the grief! There is a reason why this is rated "F" with the BBB.
1	I agree with all the other negative reviews. I fired him after a year when I talked to the tenant and found out he was double billing me for some repairs the tenant claimed she paid. Plus he billed me for pest control that not only I should NOT have had to pay for (nor was it in the contract), but the service was for four follow-up treatments that never occurred. But the best part was when the tenant called him to fix a ceiling fan. He never followed through, so she bought a new one and had it installed. He then billed me for a new one, saying the repairs would cost more than the fan itself. And she showed me the receipt to prove it. But what really ticked me off the most was I was initially billed for a background & credit check. When I listed the house for sale, the tenant had trouble finding a place to live because she had bad credit. I eventually questioned Tony about all of this, and he was combative and called the tenant a liar. Do NOT use this company to manage your property. Contact the board of realtors and get a referral from a reputable agency.
