3	Under the definition of a "dive bar", there should be a picture of Lefty's.  This place was a total dive...complete with cheap, stiff drinks and a hungover bartender.  Service wasn't great (not that I expected it to be!), but like I said, drinks were cheap and strong.  Not a place I'd bring a date if I were trying to impress her, but it was a good stop for a quick drink while walking around the Strip.
4	I walked into (and stumbled out of) Lefty's on my second day in Pittsburgh and it will forever be my favorite dive bar in the city--a bold statement considering the incredible number of awesome dives we have here. Lefty's probably won't ever warm your heart in the same way it does mine, but it can still show you a good time and serve up a decent drink. Even though it's located in the Strip, which can be tourist-overload on the weekends, it's actually a locals bar that only gets crowded on Friday and Saturday nights; other than that it's you and the regulars. If you find yourself in the Strip on the weekend (and why wouldn't you?) it's nice to stop in for a Bloody Mary ($4), margarita ($4) or their signature drink, a Strong Island Ice Tea ($4). I don't think they actually serve a drink that's more than 4 dollars.  Expect the jukebox to be loud, pours to be strong, the room to be smoky and everyone to be friendly (I met my first friend in Pittsburgh at Lefty's). Someone in Lefty's once told me it was "the only working man's bar left in the Strip," and I actually believe him after meeting lots of off-duty Wholey's and Roland's employees and gypsie cab drivers there.
5	Greatest dive bar in the strip.  Come here for strong cheap drinks and to play video photo hunt or darts.  They also always have paper-view fights playing and never charge a cover.  Seriously, Lefty's is clutch...I love Lefty's!
4	Purple Hooters, White Russians, Jameson, Coors Lite... It sounds like an awesome buffet of adult beverages (but wait - there is more!)We stopped in this place after a great dinner.   It was very quiet with a few patrons sitting at the bar.   The fun factor was very high - the patrons were in good spirits.    The bartender enjoyed our tom foolery.I cannot wait to go back to this place when there are people in the streets and more festive times (Steelers or Pens Game?).Service - Awesome.   My drinks were plentiful an served quicklyCost - Great - Not sure how much becuase i enjoyed the entire buffet described aboveAtmosphere - It is a dive bar but everyone was friendly so it was a + on the fun factor scale.I will definitely go back.
3	Still a good dive bar and many updates from what I remember as the 'Silver Bullet'.  Great prices and good selection on beer.
5	Great place on the Strip for a Good drink at a Fair Price.Awesome atmosphere, lots of memorabilia. Pool table, dart board, lots of bottled beer and theBest drink prices on the Strip since 2006. Top End DIVE BAR!!!YINZ Drink here. NO Jag Off's!!!!
5	Cheap drinks,  try the strong island definitely not a long island mixed crowd all ages, shape and sizes.
5	I've been to this place several times and used to stop in regularly after work when I worked in the city. Cheap drinks, good pool players, darts and it's pretty central in the Strip. Different days certainly has different crowds - weekdays are more service industry folks and the weekends usually get a rowdier group (from what I've seen). Never had a bad time in there and will definitely be going back!
