5	This restaurnat just opened this week.  The owners are a young couple who recently relocated from Europe and converted a closed pizza shop into a great bistro.  As I approached the opened door early one morning to see what was going on, I was overcome by a wonderful aroma of sauce cooking on the stove.  I picked up a menu and told the owner I would return.  I placed an order a couple of days later and I have to say the food was just great.  The pizza was probably the best I had since leaving NY many years ago.  It certainly was better than anything I have tasted in Scottsdale.  The taste was unbelievable.  The salads were large, fresh and were big enough to share.  There were several people eating at the tables and the pasta dishes looked delicious.  I was sorry I only ordered a pizza and salad.  That ok since I know I will be back there in a couple of days with my family.  The prices are very reasonalbe and I want to try everything on the menu.  Best of luck to the new owners and I will see you soon.
5	Amazing, amazing food. After living in Italia for some time, I've come to know proper Italian food - not an easy find here in the states. This menu was perfect. The white pizza I had was delicious with real flavors and not greasy. Great crust.  I was full, but had to try the pasta the rest of my family had - that too, best pasta I've had in Scottsdale.  I'm so excited to have found this place. We will be back!
5	A new and very friendly family-owned italian casual restaurant.  The pastas are outstanding and the portions are very generous.  The antipasta salad is great, ditto the pizza, but my favorite was the eggplant parmigiana and my husband loved the lasagna.  The fresh, homemade sauce was delicious.  A great addition to the neighborhood!
5	Not surprised the buzz has started about this place. I've been there twice already and the food is excellent.  Quiet location, neighborhood  feel, friendly and family owned. Afraid to post how yummy everything is because it will be too crowded next time we want to go. The only drawback of this place is that there aren't enough seats, and once word gets around about the homemade bread, robust stromboli, and delicious Bolognese sauce, the line will be out the door all the time.
5	Best family owned place!! The most amazing pizza my husband and I have had. Will be back many times
5	The food and the service were excellent.  My son just loved the Nutella pizza for dessert.     Would definitely recommend the place.
5	Love supporting local family owned restaurants! We had a great dinner here tonight and we will certainly be back. Excellent Bolognese sauce!
4	We visited this little restaurant last week and it was great! It is a family owned business and everyone working was super nice and eager to please. The pizza was delicious and fresh and some of the best I have had. Everything is made in house and you can tell. We also got the pasta bolognese which was good. While waiting for our takeout I saw a plate of spaghetti and meatballs go by and it looks amazing, something I will have to try next time. The only cons would be that it lacks in decor and is very small, but something that is easy to get over since the food is outstanding. It is also very clean (which is a must) so if you are looking for a casual place to grab dinner, or just to get takeout, please give this place a chance!
5	Excellent little family owned restaurant tucked in the corner at 92nd St and Poinsettia.They have been open 7 weeks and seem to already have a crowd of regulars dining in and picking up.Delicious pizza with an amazing, light and crispy crust. Had the San Daniele white pizza with fresh mozzarella, prosciutto, tomatoes and arugula. They have medium or large. The medium is huge! The antipasto salad is large enough to share with 3 people. You can BYOB but there is a $4.50 corkage fee.
4	I found Basil & Garlic Bistro on Yelp today and decided to try out this new place based on the reviews. I had the 2-slices of pizza lunch special. The food was really good. Loved the cheese and thin crust. Price was very reasonable. The owners are really friendly and I look forward to trying the rest of the items on their menu. While I was there a waiter from Grimaldi's stopped in to grab a couple of sandwiches to go. Interesting! The location is about 1/2 a mile north of Shea on 92nd Street, and currently there is road construction hindering traffic, but not too bad. I look forward to trying their homemade Tiramisu!
5	This little Italian bistro is an unassuming, tucked away gem. We went there after looking at the other reviews on yelp, and were not disappointed. My coworkers and I ordered the vegetarian sandwich, a calzone, the cheesy fries, and tiramisu.First of all, the portions are VERY generous. The calzone, for the average person, would be enough for 3 meals. I was with a 20-something man who never has an issue clearing his plate. Well, this time he did. The fries were covered in what was the tastiest, garlic-infused mozzarella. It is also a big helping. The vegetarian sandwich came on beautiful bread and was overflowing with marinated and cooked veggies, topped off with that delightful mozzarella again. Then there is the calzone. We ordered a vegetarian calzone (made to our specifications). I already mentioned the size (epic!), but the flavors involved are a beautiful combination. Many times, a calzone is pretty straightforward. Cheese, sauce, other fillings, etc. This was such an intricate pallet of flavors, it's clear a lot of thought, and skill, went into its creation. Last, but certainly not least, was the tiramisu. It's a big piece, creamy, great flavors-none of which overwhelm the others. Seriously, this place is great. The owners, Claudio and Nadine, are charming and welcoming (Claudio is the Sicilian chef, and talks to customers while bustling around in the kitchen). Make sure to not be in a big hurry, because this quality (and quantity) of food can't be rushed. The prices are very reasonable, and it was an overall delightful experience. We plan on going back very soon!
5	I am a self proclaimed foodie and I don't mess around when it comes to food. Basil and Garlic Bistro is the real deal. I have been here three times and have ordered three different dishes, all were fantastic. The first time I was here I ordered the meatball sandwich and it was so flavorful, lightly toasted on the outside, the meatballs were perfectly seasoned, the cheese was flavorful and of great quality. I was so full after eating the first half that I saved the other half for dinner. I didn't want to ruin the delicious sandwich by reheating it in the microwave so I turned on the oven and patiently waited to once again experience the intoxicating scent of an almost fresh meatball sandwich. It was just as good as the first bite!
5	We arrived in Scottsdale this June from New York.  Coincidentally, the owners of Basil & Garlic Bistro - also from NY - had arrived here this Spring.  Allow me to say this local Italian Bistro is "pure heaven" - fresh, clean, superb food, incredibly excellent Pizzas, marvelous congenial service AND the real deal.  Economical and excellent prices, great menu variety + Italian Food as it should be.Lucky for us it's only a few mile drive and WE will be regulars.  Take note - there is only seating for 34 and at times, there will be a wait = well worth it!  Better yet, just drop in on a weeknight - as we did yesterday... no wait - just BIG smiles.To date, in my first 3 months here, Basil & Garlic Bistro is the VERY BEST value I've found and I'm certain you'll be as equally pleased here!Jon M. in Scottsdale
5	This place is kinda far from me, but I stopped in to check the place out since it changed from Two Guys Pizza or whatever it was. I went in after lunch, and it wasn't super busy - but they still had a steady stream of customers coming in. Neighborhood locals who were apparently already all hooked on their food. The owners were an adorable young couple - both originating from other Countries before moving here. They were fun and charming. We had a nice chat before I got fed. I like them and hope they do well... going by the other reviews here, I have no doubt they will - even in the unassuming little corner location.So I ordered a Cheesesteak because my diet lately has been pizza and cheesesteaks and I need to cool it and start eating more salads and going to the gym, but a cheesesteak sounded good and that's what I wanted, so shut up! Anyway, the sandwich was unlike any cheesesteak I had seen... they make their own bread for the sandwich, and it seems to be based on the pizza crust dough. It was one of the most unique cheesesteak sandwiches I've had and easily in my top 5 in Phoenix. The meat was tender and flavorful - perfectly seasoned. Now, I know that most cheesesteaks in the Valley are made of the same meat - most restaurants get their sliced ribeye meat from the same vendor. The reason some places taste better or worse is due to a number of factors - how they store the meat, how they season it (if they even season it at all), and how they prepare it. That being said - this is definitely a place not to be missed.I asked another patron to see their pizza they were picking up as she was leaving and it looked and smelled amazing. If I wasn't so full and if it wouldn't have been ridiculous, I might have ordered one of those to go so I could eat it for dinner or breakfast or whatever. I'm glad I didn't because I was full until I went to bed. I didn't feel bloated or anything - just full as in not hungry. I also saw a calzone being prepared - gigantic/epic. This is a top quality restaurant. I'd drive out of my way to come back here... probably will.
5	Claudio and Nadine, we want to thank you for such a pleasant meal last evening. The Chicken Cacciatore and the Chicken Marsala were outstanding. I enjoyed being able to watch Claudio work his magic in the kitchen. The aroma's coming our way were outstanding. We will be back and we will be bringing our friends. Deborah Brewer & Michael Slominski
5	This place is AMAZING!  It is exactly what I look for when I want to eat out.  Wonderful family owned place!  We had the Stromboli.  The dough was light and baked to perfection.  The tomato sauce was just like my grandmother's sauce.  Lovely owners as well.  I am going back on Friday with more people so we can order pizzas!  I can't wait!
5	Basil and garlic caught our attention when it popped up in what used to be 2 men and a pizza. I wasn't expecting much more than the average pizza from their predecessors but they blew away my expectations. We have eaten here 4 times in the last month and have loved it every time. The pizzas are great, our favorite is the diavola. They are huge with lots of toppings. The menu says 16 inches but I measured it once and it was well over 17". The crust is soft but chewy and one the best I've found in AZ.The couple that runs the place are very friendly and the kind of people that make you want to go back. They have a small seating area so you can dine in or take it home. Either way the service is fantastic. Highly recommended if you are looking for something that is not a crappy chain (dominos, papa johns, etc).
5	Ordered their pizza and it was delicious.  Fresh ingredients and very good crust.  We will be returning to try other items on the menu.
4	Small strip mall location just south of Cactus on 94th (at Poinsetta cross street).  Very good crispy yet chewy crust on pizza slices, savory tomato sauce, and enjoyed the fried mushroom appetizer as well (large portion for the price).  Service was very personable and warming.  Prices were reasonable too.  Only about 8 tables here, so I'll go during off hours or just do takeout.  Would kindly recommend they get rid of the tablecloth condom covers - just clean the tablecloths or put glass over them.  The condoms don't exactly enhance the atmosphere.
5	Everything about this place is great! Super laid-back and excellent food! The staff was wonderful! The Sicilian pizza is awesome - and huge.
5	It is great to have a local restaurant that is not a chain. All four of us enjoyed our meals immensely. I would highly recommend you check it out!
5	Great food and even better people at this charming little spot. We were treated like dear friends. Everyone else in there seemed to be regulars, being greeted by name, etc. We waited forever for our dinner, but it was well worth it. We can't wait to become regulars, too!
5	My daughter raves about this place and I thought it would be a great Friday to try it since I didn't want to cook.  I'm so glad I got lazy. We had to wait a bit for seating since all the tables were filled. The restaurant is a small quaint place with about 9 or 10 tables (I recall 8 tables which seat 4 and 1 or 2 that seat 2).  We ordered our meal family style so we could try several dishes.  We started out with the Calamari. It was a nice plateful that was easily shared with our party of 6. The calamari was fried to perfection with a very light batter and a side of marinara sauce. It was served with fresh baked homemade bread which gave us a way to 'sop' up any extra marinara sauce.Our entrees came shortly after. We ordered Vongole on spaghetti (they ran out of linguini) in white sauce, Quattro Formaggi penne, Rucola e Gamberetti on sedani, and the Quattro Formaggi pizza with pepperoni on 1/2 of it.  All I can say is WOW! WOW! WOW! I'd be a fat cow if I lived by this place... Each dish was so flavorful and portioned for this family of 5 adults and a kid. You could tell there was no shortcutting on any of the ingredients that were placed into each dish. You can taste the love, pride, and warm hearted delight that the owners want to share with each and every bite. We topped off our evening with homemade spumoni, cannoli, and tiramisu... Well worth ALL the calories - no regrets!My daughter and her boyfriend are regulars to this restaurant since moving just under 2 miles away. Claudio and Nadine recognize them and made sure they came by the table after dinner was done.  Claudio did visit each customer table through the time we were there too. The husband and wife duo were so friendly and down to earth.  I love that they like to make their customers feel valued and appreciated for visiting them. I can easily see how my daughter fell in love with this bistro and the people that run it. All in all, the rainy day excuse (aka lazy) was the BEST reason NOT to cook last night. HIGHLY recommended and I WILL be sharing this little diamond in the desert.
5	Stopped in for lunch after yelp search nearby. Very impressed. Everything was so fresh. Four of us ate. 1 had shrimp salad. Perfect. One had meatball sub. Perfect. One had antipasta. Perfect. One had egg drop spinach soup. Amazing!Great service, nice people. Will be back for sure.
5	This is a small restaurant with big flavors and highly recommended to everyone looking for classic pizza, calzones, stromboli's, sub's or Italian favorites from an east coast style pizzaria. The owners are extremely engaging, husband is from Palermo, Sicily, Italy (probably the capital when it comes to Italian pizza makers in America and his beautiful wife is from Germany---should be interesting this summer for the World Cup). They check a few times with customers to ensure quality and complete satisfaction while dining. Once you try their food you'll probably quickly become a regular, as I recently did.They offer house made bread that is unique, served for meals and used for the sandwiches offered. The pizza dough is expertly prepared and cooked to a nice crispness, the pizza sauce is not sweet like you find at many other local pizza establishments and the mozzarella cheese is the highest quality that melts perfectly on your pizza and sandwiches.The Bistro is a little hard to find but located in a small strip shopping center off 92nd street between Shea and Cactus (formerly 2 Men and a Pizza). If you don't live nearby, it's well worth the trip from anywhere in the Scottsdale area if you're looking for the pizzaria you remember from anywhere east of the Mississippi. I have not tried the entrees yet but they do offer quite a few on the menu and have seen numerous satisfied customers. I hope you get by to meet the new owners soon. Please remember, this is a BYOB establishment that does not serve alcohol.Enjoy, DeLaurentis
2	I was shocked to see this place have a five star rating on Yelp.  It must be the owners posting over and over again because there is no way it should be rated that highly.We got takeout, thank God, because the interior of the restaurant reminded me of a 7-11.  No offense to the owners, but the dining area floor plan is a mess, complete with garbage bag table cloths and a massive Pepsi machine in the middle of the room.  I ordered Chef Claudio's Favorite.  The sauce and pasta weren't bad but the ham was basically cold cuts you would get from  Safeway...not what you would expect from a 5 star Yelp restaurant for close to $20.  My wife ordered the Quattro Formaggi, very much overkill on the cheese and had a very chunky consistency and gritty texture.  Again, I hate to bash a place but this is a 2 star restaurant and these 5 star reviews are absolute nonsens
1	It's obvious that whoever wrote 5 star reviews for this place has never eaten real authentic Italian cuisine. To start, the place is lit with fluorescent tube lights and is brighter than most convenience stores. Hardly the kind of lighting anyone wants to eat dinner in. To continue on about decor would be long winded so I'll say this, if yelp gave a decor rating it would be -1 star. My girlfriend and I enjoy eating out and this was not even close to what we expected. The antipasto salad was generic with under roasted peppers and deli sliced meats that were worthy of a grade school sandwich on white bread. The pizza, "the chefs special", was greasy and undercooked. Nothing fresh or authentic about this place.
5	So here the deal.. The real deal.. If you know anything about great food.. Then you will try this place.. And become addicts like we are!!!  We are originally from Chicago and have been in Scottsdale for ten years but miss a really good neighborhood restaurant..So many restaurants and so many disappointments.. But not here.. Top to bottom of the menu fabulous.. Lovely young couple with great ideas and wonderful food.. And consistency..Try them and you will see for yourselves..And if you come on a Wednesday or sat night we will probably be there as it's that good....  Real  people  enjoying a wonderful food. Once you go you feel like you are part of the family.. And that's a big deal for us..Can't wait to celebrate their first new years eve:)
2	First, I will say that some of the food here is very good.However, when I ate here on a Saturday night with 3 companions, it was pretty disappointing. First, they were out of lasagna. This is an Italian restaurant at 6:45 on a Saturday night. So I ordered a pasta and seafood dish another diner was enjoying and it was excellent-- lots of mussels, clams, and shrimp in a marinara sauce tossed with pasta.Two of my friends ordered one of the many pizza combinations but were served the quatro fromaggio instead, not what they ordered. It was pretty salty, too. There was no apology, just a lecture by the chef to the undertrained teenage waiter.I think that Saturday night should have an experienced server. Just my thought, as one who has waited tables in the past.The grilled chicken salad was very good. The calamari appetizer was OK. The sauce tasted like it was from a can. My preteen liked the chicken sub and fries.Mainly, it was the very poorly-trained service that was the problem. There should have been an apology for serving the wrong pizza.. That would have gone a long way.
5	I have come here several times with coworkers for lunch and been delighted each and every time. The owners, Claudio and Nadine, are wonderful and friendly and their presence has always added to the experience--they are a young couple with beautiful little children and it is easy to tell how passionate they are about creating delicious food. I highly recommend the calzones--filled with amazing ingredients of your choice and HUGE. I've sampled many of my coworkers dishes including the veggie sandwich, which is loaded with an array of exquisitely roasted vegetables, and loved them all.One note--to the person who found the Quattro Formaggi too cheesy--you may want to reconsider ordering the dish titled 'Four Cheese' if cheese is not your thing.
5	I eat here on a regular basis. Food is always great, owners are very friendly and make the experience even better. Just had the lasagna for the first time. Definitely not disappointed. I love their sauce. Ordered a tray for my New Year's party. Definitely try this quaint Bistro.
1	If I could give this place zero stars I would.  I waited 55 minutes for a medium pizza and an order of calamari. Not once did they bother to tell me that they were busy or that it would be a minute. Their service is a joke and poorly organized. Then to top it off, the pizza came out completely wrong and the owners wife tried to tell me that's what I ordered. What a waste of an hour.
5	The food is delicious. Veal Saltimbocca, Veal Limone, and Pasta Boscaiola were what we ordered. The deserts cannoli and tiramisu were very good as well. The service was excellent and the owners treat you like family. Don't miss out on this cute neighborhood restaurant!
5	You might not like Basic & Garlic Bistro.  It is about as far removed from fine dining as you can get without being fast food.  The restaurant is small and simply decorated, but it is clean and it has tables with tableclothes and comfortable chairs.  The couple who own and run it are young and probably make mistakes from time to time.  But they are enthusiastic, they try hard, and the food is REALLY GOOD.You can get pizza by the slice for $1.85 plus 35 cents (that's no typo) for each topping.  Get one topping - they put on plenty.  These slices are 1/8 of a 16-inch pie, so two will fill me up but I could eat three or four if I had to.  That makes for a pretty cheap dinner.  That's the best buy on the menu -- other choices are moderately priced but not ridiculously inexpensive.The pizza is very thin crust, fairly crisp, and covered in a standard mozzarella cheese.  The pepperoni topping was the usual, the sausage appeared to be homemade and was mild but delicious, and the meatball was just about as good as it gets.  It all worked together to make a fine old-time pizza.  My wife had a sub which came on freshly baked and crusty bread that had her insisting that I try a piece because it was SO good.  When she got full, she ate the sandwich filling, which she said was even better than the bread.This is a neighborhood affordable Italian eatery.  Cut them some slack.  For what they try to be, they are as good as it gets, and that is plenty good enough to have me coming back.
1	If I could give this place zero stars I would.  I waited 55 minutes for a medium pizza and an order of calamari. Not once did they bother to tell me that they were busy or that it would be a minute. Their service is a joke and poorly organized. Then to top it off, the pizza came out completely wrong and the owners wife tried to tell me that's what I ordered. What a waste of an hour.
5	I want to start out by saying it was my first time coming here and definitely not my last. This place by far has the best pizza in AZ. I tried the Quattro Formaggio (4 cheese) pizza and the blend of taste along with the dough texture made this pizza lights out. I also ordered the basil and garlic pasta with linguini which was delicious. This place is a great family owned business where they treat everyone like family. This is a hidden gem and eventually it will become everyone's favorite.
5	I was looking for a sandwich for lunch in the area and stopped here after finding it listed on Yelp. I'm so glad I did. The owners are a husband and wife and are very nice. I ordered the Florentine sandwich (chicken, spinach, garlic, and provolone cheese). It was huge and delicious (I'm saving half for later, it was so big). Now I have to come back here sometime for pizza because the bread my sandwich was on was SO-O good. I can hardly wait to check out that pizza crust! Authentic Sicilian food--you can't beat that :)
5	Amazing pizza slices for lunch.  Super nice husband and wife owners.  Bring your own wine and dine on the new patio.  Will be going for dinner soon.
5	Omg, I'm so glad we found this place and I can almost walk to it (if I weren't so lazy), otherwise I would have to move closer.This is the kind of place you look for when traveling, an unassuming, down-home, authentic hole in the wall that only the natives know about.I took my Mom here last week to celebrate what would have been Dad's 94th birthday. Kinda a sad-happy day, but aside from the great food we found Claudio the owner-chef who is from Sicily and of course speaks Italian...this thrilled Mom having someone to speak Italian with. I also enjoyed listening...it was great and took our minds off the day.Forget the decoration/decor...un-important...you are here to eat real Italian food.We both had eggplant parmigiana, Mom had the ciabatta sandwich and I had the plate with rigatoni. The ciabatta was huge, seriously big enough for 2 people to share and was only like 7 bucks.The dinner plate was also huge, I only at half there, at some for dinner at home and the rest for breakfast the next day. Yes, folks...that's one of my tests for good food, if it tastes too the next morning for breakfast...it gets a star.Why was it taking so long to cook? Well I gotta think Claudio cooks to order, because this was the absolute BEST eggplant parm. I've had (except for mine :-). The eggplant was sliced thin and lightly breaded, the sauce was to die for, and the cheese was excellent. The rigatoni was excellent as well.Plenty of parkingNo liquor license but 30' away is a deli you can buy beer or wine and you can byob.Out-Door SeatingCredit CardsDefinitely going back and has replace my other neighborhood Italian restaurant. I will be working my way down their menu for sure!
3	We went for the first time as it's in our (new) neighborhood. The food was very good and certainly reasonably priced, however it took FOREVER for us to get the food - over an hour for a calzone and spaghetti dish.  This is a lot of time to wait for an adult, much less our seven year old. Will try again based upon the food and prices, but another slow experience like this one and it will be our last!
5	My mom found this place and it is a hidden gem!  We went for dinner with my two year old and everything was amazing.  My mom and I split the grilled chicken salad and between the two of us we couldn't finish it.  We ordered penne with red sauce for my daughter and thought we might get a couple of bites, but she ate every bit of it!  Everyone that works there is really friendly and we have already been back for round two!
5	Scottsdale has a ton of fancy restaurants (which I don't mind) but we were looking for something more "local" and stumbled upon Basil & Garlic Bistro thanks to our handy Yelp app.  To get to this one year old restaurant, we came off E Cactus Rd, and we had to drive right into the residential neighborhoods. Once we saw the small plaza where Basil & Garlic Bistro was located, we said to each other that there was no way we would have found this place just by driving by because you just don't "drive by" the area where Basil & Garlic Bistro was located.Onto the food. it was all amazing.  The chicken steak deluxe has a wonderful mixture of meat, veggies, and cheese.  There was a HUGE chunk of pepperoni in each half of the sandwich and my fiancee commented that "this is the amount of pepperoni some places put on an entire pizza!"  My fiancee's Vongole pasta with red sauce and clams was one of the better pasta dishes we've ever had, anywhere. And it was only $14, definitely a great deal because you're at a family owned establishment in a local neighborhood.  We finished off the meal with homemade tiramisu which was not overly sweet and did not have an overdosing of rum.  It was decorated with drizzles of chocolate sauce and cocoa powder with bits of whip cream on the side.I come to Phoenix every so often for work and would definitely count Basil & Garlic Bistro as the place I'd try to come out to for dinner when my schedule allows me to make the drive out there.
4	Authentic, yummy and wonderful staff!  This place is the real deal!!  Sauce is great, sandwiches awesome too.  We gotta go back for dinner!
5	What a great neighborhood find. Outstanding food - made from scratch with fresh ingredients. Severs were so personable and worked hard. Treated our little tot great too. Byob! Can't wait to take advantage next time we go. Our table shared pizza, lasagna and Stromboli. Really excellent crust - and very generous portions. Stop reading and go here now!
5	Have come back multiple times often ordering seafood pasta dishes which are always generous and tasty.  Their daily specials are almost always worth ordering.
5	Thank you yet again Yelp for helping us find another hidden gem...  Definitely wouldn't have just stumbled upon this place.  This isn't your typical overpriced Scottsdale chain garbago restaurant... instead it is a casual, no-frills, family owned place that makes quality food- Quite a refreshing surprise that you would imagine to find in Little Italy in San Diego or LA.  Enough of my ramblings... Overall - Great tasting food at an even better price!
5	Awesome food today!! Great local find. Had the ciopino and husband got the basil garlic pizza. Both were great. Wished we lived closer as this would be a new favorite! Must try!!
5	Omg, omg, omg. If you are from the east coast like I am, you will understand all the omg's. East coasters are always on the eternal search for food that is "just like home".  I am from NY and so are the owners of Basil and Garlic Bistro. There was an immediate connection. To say the food was "just like home" is an understatement. Fugettabouit. Now don't go in expecting anything fancy. This is a tiny little joint pizzeria style. Just a few tables with extremely minimal decor. In my opinion, that is part of the charm. No airs about so the food needs to stand on its own. I had the linguine and clams and it is just like I used to get in queens. Just right. My mother had the chicken parm dinner, which is not actually on the menu but they advised me that most heros (sandwiches for people who don't speak NY) can be made into dinners. To say it was excellent is also an understatement. Dad had the meatball hero which was perfection and we took pizzas home which are exactly what we are used and long for. All heros are served on their delicious bread which is also given to the table when you first sit. Amazing.  For dessert we ordered the cannolis as you can't fully judge a place without having their cannolis. Did I say OMG? Oh yeah, I did. I can't wait to come back to Basil and Garlic Bistro. I will be dreaming about it until then.
5	Go with one of the specials everytime! The chef here is amazing! Just had the bruschetta chicken pasta and it was so good! The chicken was moist, the tomatoes and fresh basil with mozzarella cheese tasted so fresh and delicious.
5	Excellent food! Great family place to eat. Wonderful owners. Will be going every spring training and when we come visit family!
4	Great, friendly service. I overheard the guy say they make their own bread, i thought it was very good. I had a steak and cheese - meats (they added pepperoni) were also good. Would definitely like to come back and try another menu item.
5	This place is great.  The ambience is fantastic.  Staff is friendly.It's BYOB, which works great for people like me who love great vino, but hate paying 300% more for it off the restaurant's list.  Ordered the white Sole pizza for take-out...has spinach, ricotta cheese, artichokes, sundried tomatoes and garlic.  Really well done.  Can't wait to get here and dine-in with someone special.  Well done.  A hidden gem in the neighborhood.Don't tell TOO many people!
4	Good service and good food!  Don't get the chefs combo to go, but do try it when you can dine in!
4	Having grown up on Long Island and having lived in New York City, I know my pizza. And by pizza I mean New York style pizza. Basil and Garlic Bistro is the closest thing I've had to New York pizza. I wonder if they import the water for the dough? It is seriously good. The bottom is crispy and not burnt.  And the place has an air of authenticity in that the owners are bonafide New Yorkers, complete with Brooklyn accents. The ambience is ok, it's a little dark and cramped but there is something so New York about that too. Go and experience the cheesy deliciousness.
5	Decided to make this our next choice for dinner after reading some reviews on Yelp. It's tucked away in a small corner just off of Cactus road. So I would have never found this place without Yelp. We went for an early dinner and was surprised to see we were the only people in the restaurant. There were only about 10 tables so the place was tiny. The decor was nothing fancy but when I go out to eat it isn't about the paintings on the wall. It's all about the food and boy the food surpassed my expectations. Everything on the menu sounded tempting and I decided on the sausage sub. It was a crispy sandwich filled with Italian sausage, onions, and peppers that just came off the grill. The staff offered me some marinara sauce and parmesan cheese to go with it. Fantastic! It was one of several other sub choices. I'll be back to try some of the others. My girlfriend ordered a pizza and it was tasty. The dough was made fresh and you can taste the difference. Another astonishing shock was the price! I can believe she got a 12 inch pizza for only 8 bucks. I thought it would be twice the price for something so fresh and authentic. Puts Papa Johns to shame. My sub was more than filling and I'm a starving 23 year old. I didn't even finish it. Here I was concerned there were no side choices. Probably the cheapest meal we've ever paid for and I appreciate that! The staff were extremely friendly and pleasant. Took time to start a conversation with us. This is now a personal favorite of mine as I love Italian food. Too bad I live in Mesa, but worth the drive! Especially to come back and try the desserts I've only seen pictures of.
5	Found this place on yelp and bookmarked it right away, I was very excited to try this place out today! As a vegetarian and a fairly healthy eater, pizza is my guiltiest food pleasure. I know my pizza..and the pizza here is absolutely delicious.This is definitely a hole in the wall type place, kind of oddly placed in a neighborhood. The restaurant is very tiny, as other reviews said, nothing fancy decor-wise. My boyfriend and I were the only two people at the restaurant, but we went at a weird time.  The two people working there were very kind and welcoming to us, I was happy with the service. I had a hard time deciding what to order because the menu is massive, I will have to come back and try out the eggplant parmesan sandwich. I followed my pizza-loving gut and went for the individual size cheese pizza and added tomatoes as a topping. Beware: the individual size is huge. I usually eat a ton, and I wasn't even able to get through half of this pizza. One great thing is that they make their own dough for the pizza and bread. The crust was incredible. My meal tasted very authentic, this is up there with some of the best pizza I have enjoyed in the state of Arizona. The price is great too, got a ton of food for a very low price. Was probably the least expensive sit-down meal my boyfriend and I have ever enjoyed together. We very rarely go to the same restaurant twice, but we are certainly adding this place to our very short list of restaurants to revisit!
5	This place is fantastic.  Homemade bread and marinara are delicious.  We've been here a few times and have always had a wonderful meal.  Need to get them on DDD - Diners Driveins and Dives.
5	Phenomenol about sums it up. Everything fresh and homemade. The bread by itself could be a stand alone business. In addition to the amazing food it was a great value. $20 for two to eat lunch in Scottsdale is unheard of let alone for the quality of food we got. A year from now this place will be looking to move to a bigger restaurant!
5	What GREAT food!!  We drive here from the far west side of Phoenix because we like it so much.  The people are awesome and go out of their way to treat you right.  What a good find.  Thank you Yelp!
4	Only been here once, but the food was excellent. I tried their pizza and salad, and my taste buds were on fire! Original taste, fresh and homemade Italian food. The staff were awesome too. Love the quaint location and atmosphere. Definitely coming back again!
5	Arguably the best pizza I have had in the greater Phoenix area.  My wife and I went here a couple of nights ago after an event in the area.  We had a very friendly and attentive waitress take care of us.  When I asked for a wine menu, she informed me that I can buy a bottle at the liquor store next door and that she will charge a cork fee of 4.50!  This is WAY better than actually ordering a glass of wine...I bought a bottle of chianti for 11.00, so ended up with an entire bottle of wine for 15.50!  We took over half home.  For the food, my wife and I first shared the fried mushroom appetizer -- delicious and huge portion, with a huge portion of marinara sauce as well.  We then shared a large pizza with a bunch of veggies.   The restaurant was EXTREMELY generous with the vegetables; we made a couple of substitutis at no charge, and the veggies were literally piled on like I have never seen,  We will definitely be back at some point...
5	Had the pleasure of checking out this place yesterday. It's a small little family run place tucked in the corner of a small strip mall. When you walk in you are greeted by the 2 owners who run the place and seem to do all the cooking. They know what they're doing.We ordered the b&g special sandwich which is baked chicken, roasted red peppers, fresh mozzarella, and pesto. Awesome flavor. I'm craving it right now just thinking about it.We also ordered a slice of cheese pizza for my little guy. It's was his first time having pizza and he loved it. I loved it as well because I got the leftovers.My wife ordered a "personal" pizza. It was more than enough for 1 person. She added artichokes, broccoli, and eggplant. The eggplant was strips of fried deliciousness. I'm a carnivore but I loved it. The wife was very impressed.All in all this place is great. Non-assuming family run place with amazing food. The pizza is as good as any pizza I have ever had. Can't wait to go back!
4	Great little spot right down the street from my house. Clean comfortable and very good food. I've only had the by the slice for the lunch special 2 slices a drink for $7 but everything else looks very good as well. We'll be coming back. Also the two owners are very friendly and helpful.
5	Very glad we came here! Will be back! Had calamari, chicken Caesar salad, and namesake pasta dish- pesto and shrimp, all delicious and then homemade tiramisu yummy. BYOB and wine selection at corner store. Very friendly staff and owners.
1	Long long long wait on Sunday night. The owners were catering to their family members rather than customers. Waited more than 1 hour to get our dinner salad. ... very disappointed the pasta is not made fresh but comes from a box.. We ordered pizza & the special, pasta with shrimp & eggplant whivh was extremely overpriced. $19.50 for a very small portion of pasta.  The orders took close to 2 hours for them to come out. Never ever again. The pizza was a big disapointment nothing to write home about. Nothing special. This place needs more  waiters & they need to remember the customers come first...Very Very disappointing... They should either take pizza off the menu or get a separate oven just for the pizza which slows all the orders down..Very bad logistics @ the customers expense. Most restaurants would have deducted an entree for the long wait or apologized, they did neither. It was not a very good experience.  This place is Hit or Miss. They are not consistent in their food. Very Very disappointed. Also very very noisy.
5	I had never heard of this little gem of an Italian place until a mutual friend who works there introduced me and another friend. It was a perfect girl's night place. We brought a bottle of wine with us and we all shared a pizza and pasta. We ordered the bolognese with penne and 2 pizzas. I got my own personal pie of pepperoni and black olives and then we also got homeade bread made from scratch before the meal. Everything tasted wonderful and the atmosphere was so laid back. I will definitely come back!
4	We finally went back and the waitress actually remembered us and the events of our earlier meal there! Needless to say, we had pizza and it was perfect. I expect we will go back again.
5	This place is ridiculously good. Seriously. In my group, we had spaghetti, pizza, and calzones. The prices are very reasonable as well. My friend said it best when I asked him how his food was; ohmygoditisamazing & idonthavetimeforthespacebarimeatingthistreasure. Suffice to say, I will be back.
5	My wife and I have eaten here multiple times in the past few months. On our first time in, we ordered the special for the night (fried eggplant over spicy spaghetti) and the owner visited with us after we had finished our dinner. She told us about coming over from Europe and opening the restaurant and sat down and talked with us about our family.When we came back a month later, she remembered us - which is crazy for how many people come through that restaurant in a month's time. Even though the fried eggplant wasn't on the menu the second time we came in, she was more than happy to make it for us again.We have been back a couple times since - every time has been enjoyable and delicious. The servings are large and authentic. The dessert pizzas are to die for too!
5	Delicious! This is a small, authentic italian restaurant in an seamlessly unpretentious strip mall. We drove by it many times never realizing it was there till we found it on yelp and decided to visit.Service was excellent. The eggplant parm was as good as what I ate in Italy and the East Coast. My husband loved the chicken parm.During our 2nd visit it was for takeout. We ordered pizza (delicious sicilian style) and chicken wings (not recommended. Very small). I want to go back and try more on their menu!
5	Straight from Sicily! Don't miss this hidden gem in the middle of a residential neighborhood.   Great food, and great service all with a New York style attitude. The pizza, pasta, eggplant parmigiana, and desserts are not to be missed! Basil & Garlic's subs are delicious and generous...WOW!  Treat yourself to a fantastic lunch instead of those all too familiar chain deli sandwiches!We just had my wife's and daughter's birthday celebration in the restaurant with 35 guests and it was a huge success. Claudio, Nadine and their staff are passionate about what they do and you will not be disappointed!Enjoy!
5	Amazing little find in the middle of the neighborhood. I was having a rough day and was stranded with vehicle troubles. Decided to go eat while I wait and found Basil & Garlic Bistro. This is a truly authentic Italian restaurant with great food that was so fresh.  Must make a  trip back here.
4	Bring your own wine here. Call ahead for larger groups .Delicious meatballs and pasta. This is a tiny place that has a few tables and is cozy inside. If we had known be could bring our own wine we would have, apparently almost everybody else knew to BYOB. I had a  chicken garlic bruschetta  that was tasty but had too much bread. Fresh and delicious. We will visit again!
5	Been twice, amazing and fresh homemade food every time, tried three total dishes in fact. This is the kind of hole in the wall neighborhood treasure that everyone always searches for. If they keep making food this good, it will need a larger dining area. The only possible improvement would be better silverware/plates/napkins but who cares about that!
5	We had a wonderful evening here last night after sitting outside in our heated car for forty minutes. LOLWell as you might known, it's been cool here in the valley lately. And, sitting outside for a table to free up wasn't an option. Which BTW, I believe sums up nicely our thoughts of Basil & Garlic. Who would wait forty minutes in the cold, for a table unless it was something special?And special it was, owner Nadine came over and welcomed us.  She was sweet and warm, both to us and everyone in the restaurant. That was how the evening went and you can understand why so many people flock here. We started with a salad with a home made Italian dressing for only $1.50.  For dinner we ordered the Chicken Parmesan with Angel Hair for $15.95 (photo) with a side of Sausage ($2.85). The cutlets were huge and very flavorful. We also ordered the Lasagna for only $13.95. It too was huge and meal for two. I cannot convey how wonderful the evening was and how pleased we were with the food and the warmth of our host.  The food was Four Stars plus and the value over Five Stars.  Our bill came to a very fair $36.75. Enjoy!  We look forward to our next visit.
5	OK, Georgie M and I like the same restaurants so after his review of this place, e tried it today for a late lunch. It is busy even at 2PM. There are 9 tables in this restaurant, nothing fancy but cloth tablecloths on the tables. We had the steak Salad which is huge. It had marinated steak with roasted onions, red peppers, black olives, carrots and romaine. The meat was delicious and I like their balsamic dressing that had a good flavor without being too sweet. We also had the Meatball Parm sub. The bread is made in house and is delicious, the meatballs were SOOOO good. We also had a Chicken Parm dinner. The sauce has so much flavor and all of our food was top notch. The prices are reasonable and I just love that the whole family works there, speaking Italian. So authentic. I want to try the pizza and they sell it by the slice also. Glad Georgie told us how busy they gat. As we were leaving we noticed the restaurant was full at 3PM on a Sunday. We will definitely go back. Thanks Georgie, a special place it is.
5	Best meatball I've ever had! This Is my first time eating here and I'm very impressed with the service and the food
