5	Never had a bad experience here! I always get takeout from this place because it's literally down the street from me. The food is always delicious, and you always get coupons for free appetizers (hello my little cream cheese wontons!) as long as you take a feedback survey online, which is really fast and really quick.Some of my favorite dishes here:- Cream Cheese Wontons: If you don't try anything else here, you MUST order these. They are so delicious, especially with the dipping sauce they give you.- House Chicken Lunch Combos: Their lunch combos are an awesome deal. You get your choice of meat, white or brown rice, and then a side, like CREAM CHEESE WONTONS! (Just talking about the food is making me want to go get it!)- Szechaun Chicken- their new Kung Pao Chicken wings: I just tried these two days ago...if you get the combo, you get 8 wings, rice, and salad...the chicken was cooked to perfection, and was spicy and delicious.So if you didn't get anything else from the review, I hope you at least understood that you need to try their cream cheese wontons...STAT! :)
4	When you want some pseudo fast-food chinese and want a step up from Panda, Pick up Stix is the way to go my friends. Whether it be one of their awesome lunch specials for under $10 or a few a-la-carte items for dinner, they never seem to disappoint. Below are some of my favorites:-House Special Beef (a-la-carte or lunch special)-House special chicken-Cream cheese wontonsPersonally this place is like the happy medium between a Panda Express and Pei-Wei (And what is so great about pei-wei anyway? Someone please tell me!)
5	You can never go wrong at Pick up Stix. In fact I like it better than Pei Wei or P.F. Chang's. Yes I said it. I love their beef and broccoli, and Mongolian beef. The kung pao chicken is delish as well, which is my bf orders religiously. EVERY TIME. I love their chow mein. not too greasy. and their wontons are perfect. just the right amount of cream cheese. Love them. I highly recommend. in fact i ate here on valentines day 2009 and couldnt have been happier.
4	Brad T. said it best when he called it a happy medium between Panda Express and Pei Wei. It's 100% Americanized without an ounce of authenticity but damn it's cheap, it's fast and it tastes good!  My favorite is the house special chicken (similar to General Tso but tastier!), and my second favorite is the crispy honey. Yup, I like the 2 most unhealthy items on the menu - big surprise ! So the thing to order here is the Wok Combos. For $6-$7, you get an entree of your choice (House Special chicken!), a side (the highly mentioned cream cheese wontons), AND rice or noodles (Egg fried noodles baby). It's a high calorie, highly indulgent feast of Americanized "chinese" goodness!
3	Well I went in here yesterday, it was close to my work so i figured why not? The food was delicious, hot and fresh BUT it took fooooooooooooooorrrrrrrrrrreeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeevvvvvvvvvvvvverrrrrrrrrrrrr to get my food i had an hour lunch and i didnt even get to finish eating... wont be going back there again at lunch time!
5	unfortunately Pick Up stix is closed all their locations in AZ and in NV. I never understand. I loved this place. 1000x better than the Panda or Pei Wei.. heck i liked it better than P.F Changs which all belong to the same company. put it this way... its where I spent my 2008 Valentine's Dinner I liked it that much. Ah well.. I guess I'll have to hit up San Diego to eat it once again..
