5	I first discovered ABC Dentistry for Children while on a veritable quest to find the best dentist for my little girl. ABC Dentistry was the 6th dental office I took her to, while this their East Mesa location is the 7th and final one - the reward for my unrelenting determination to find EXPERTISE, KNOWLEDGE, LOVE of children, KIND staff, and dentists who prioritize the child's true needs rather than trying to sell unnecessary procedures.One of the things I learned while having her examined by the prior 5 dentists is that the 3 who were specifically pediatric dentists each had a long to-do list of serious procedures, including crowns on the back teeth, a root canal, caps on the front teeth! (My daughter was only 3 years old and I took her in for one problem that I had noticed). None of the pediatric dentists agreed on what needed to be done, but both of the regular dentists agreed with one another that she only had a few minor problems. However, the adult dentists were not able to treat her because of the sedation needs of a three year old. I became convinced that in pediatric dentistry, the best interest of the child is often secondary to revenue. Think of a crown, for example. When you or I get a crown, there is an impression taken of our original tooth and then a lot of effort to adjust the final product so that it fits just right. We may notice than our bite is off or are getting headaches, so we go back and the dentist shaves a bit off here and there to make the crown fit our bite perfectly.  But a child's crown is pre-made in generic sizes. And how is a 3 year old going to pinpoint or express the nuanced change of her bite to get the perfect fit? This is an example of a procedure that should only be done if absolutely necessary. SO, then after Sesame Street one day, I saw the advertisement for ABC Dentistry and decided to go to our #6 dentist office. WOW!!!! Thanks to God! The philosophy of these dentists is 100% pro patient. My daughter didn't need all of these extra procedures. ABC Dentistry is ETHICAL. I can even use the word RIGHTEOUS.There are four dentists, all of them which we have had at one time or another. We are completely comfortable and trusting of all four of them, and our now 6 year old daughter feels the same. They are all excellent with children and you can feel that they genuinely like kids and enjoy taking care of them. Dr. Braden Michaud recently put sealants on our daughter's new molars and had to extract a front baby tooth that needed to come out sooner because of an abscess that had formed. When we came in for the procedure, he spoke to me about what to expect and let me watch from a nearby room. I wish I had had a video camera because Dr. Braden and his assistant were pure perfection. Let me explain.They reclined her in the chair and engaged her right away. She was offered different scented masks for her nitrous oxide and was given  just the right amount to relax her. The sealants were first. The dentist explained what they were going to do and then demonstrated the whole thing on her finger nail. Instead of just painting the finger nail with the sealant material, she was even offered a smiley face or star design.  These things take extra time, but how much we appreciate that! Dr. Braden Michaud hummed so happily while he was working, assuring the patient that all was well. She had to get a local anesthesia for the extraction. I really liked that the assistant held her hand and my daughter was to squeeze it if it hurt and then the assistant would tell the doctor. He kept asking the assistant how the patient was squeezing and the assistant was reporting. All of this probably didn't change how the local was being administered, but did give a voice to the patient, who usually in such a position cannot express herself. In a sense, it empowered her to communicate her experience, rather than lying there hopelessly vulnerable. Once she was numb, the extraction happened as quick as a blink. They put the tooth in a cute little treasure box for her to take home. When it was all over, I said to the assistant, "You really love kids, don't you?" "Oh, yes!" she exclaimed. "And I love my job." My little girl hugged the dentist and was off to pick out a toy. I expressed my admiration and gratitude to Dr. Michaud. I wish that every parent and kid had such a TRUSTWORTHY, HIGHLY SKILLED, KINDHEARTED dental team.
5	I have been to ABC Dentistry For Children in East Mesa several times with my three kids, and we love it. The waiting room is entertaining, the staff is friendly, and Dr. Michaud is honestly wonderful. He is kind and patient with my youngest scared little boy, and he is funny and friendly with my older kids. I would recommend ABC Dentistry to anyone with children. I just wish I could find such a great Dentist for me.
5	the staff are all very nice and friendly!!!
5	My boys love their dentist! The last time we were there my youngest son had a cap & some fillings done. The dentist & his staff worked together like a well oiled machine, getting everything done quickly & painlessly. They also work with us on payments & give discounts for cash payments. Highly recommended!
5	do not got to any other dentist!!!! your kids teeth deserve the best and abc dentistry is the best!!! seriously, i never fill these out, but they are worthy of all of the praise they receive.
