5	Shadows is a great cigar and martini bar. For a quiet evening one should arrive around 7pm for a wonderful choice of comfortable seating. Place starts to really hop around 9pm so if you are looking for a quiet place to talk with friends and enjoy a cigar or martini, plan to arrive early. Live music was entertaining and the wait staff was friendly and very attentive. We will definintely be going back.
4	While attending a conference at the Talking Stick Resort, I noticed a sign for a Scotch tasting event that was held at Shadows Bar/Lounge.  For $10....I had to check it out.Shadows is a lounge hidden in a corner next to the High Limit Room.  When you walk in, there is a small bar on the right and indoor/outdoor lounge seating on the left.They setup the Scotch tasting in the center of the room and I paid my $10 and went for it.  Here's the lineup of Scotch they had for you:Dalwhinnie 15 yrGlenkinchie 12 yrCragganmore 12 yrOban 14 yrTalisker 10 yrLagavulin 16 yrYes, you got all 6 of those for $10!!!  Amazing deal.  The bartenders and servers were very friendly and service was great.Will I return?  Next time I'm in the area, of course!
5	We were in town for the weekend and I had a cigar at this lounge.  The cigar prices are reasonable and I didnt mind paying $9 for a La Gloria Wavelle.  Service was good and the atmosphere was nice and chill.  My Wife doesnt smoke cigars and the air circulation was good, no lingering smoke.  We met some nice people and the lounge singers were a plus.  We will come back next time we visit, I wish we had something like this in LA.
3	Take note, I was out past 10 pm on a Saturday night.  Yes, you heard it here first.  Also take note that had it not taken 90 minutes to order, receive, and pay for 1 drink, I would have been home earlier.  At least the drinks were strong.After finding the dueling pianos to not be as entertaining as we had hoped (by the way, not only is there no drink service in that area, but no table service in Palo Verde Lounge either!), we stopped at Shadows on our way out just to take a peek.  I was interested in hearing the R&B singer for a bit, so we went out to the patio.Nice area...open air in the center, covered along the sides.  Overhead heat lamps keep things cozy.  I did find it odd that the majority of the seating on the patio is dining height tables, especially considering they don't have their own kitchen anyway.  I think cocktail tables would have been a better choice.  (Actually given the service, tables are not really necessary, but a sleeping bag is).  We also spotted only one table for 2, so clearly they assume most people have friends.It first appeared there was no cocktail service here either, but after 15 minutes, a server made it our way.  It took another 30 minutes to get our drinks.  She did stop by the table and was apologetic for the wait.  However, she disappeared with our credit card for 40 minutes.  My husband finally went to look for her and found she was having to run the cigar counter as well!  Hire some people!!  She then couldn't find the credit card at first.  I was only impressed that my husband did not completely flip out.If it were not for the really good entertainment, I probably would not come back.  In fact, it seems you can't get a drink anywhere at Talking Stick unless you get it yourself, and I can do that at home.  Hopefully, this was out of the norm.
4	I will rate and review this as a non-cigar smoker, so please take this into account. This is a hidden gem at the new "Talking Stick Resort". Don't know it's here and you probably won't find it. Tucked over to the right, middle of the Casino is Shadows. *We would have never found this place if we didn't get a comp coupon for drinks. We tend to get these often, so just ask if you throw some money down on a table game. The managers and Pit Bosses have them. This entitles you to any complimentary drink of your choice. If you get some- GO HERE. The booze selection is far better than any other bar in this Casino. I always order a very rare, fine Chardonnay, and husband orders a prime Scotch. We have been here on mainly "slow nights", and have had some great talks curled up on the couch listening to a Jazz band, or chatting with some out of towners about the best golfing in AZ. I can see how this can be hit or miss. The outside patio is OK. It's a little awkward with oddly placed walls and TV's. I think if it were to be crowded here, it would not at all be the positive experiences we have had. The Cigars and drinks are amazingly overpriced, so bring your own cigars and buy liquor from the other bars and walk in with it if you don't have comp coupons. Unless you win a big jackpot, in which by all means come whoop it up. If you land here on the right day at the right time, I do think you will enjoy the chill, layed back feel, where you can have good talks and relax. (Or sit and wonder where the hell all of your money went so fast and drown your sorrows with some smoking and alcohol).
5	this is place is the best!! great sevice and a place to smoke cigars in phoenix. Come check this place out, not to be missed
3	Thankfully, it wasnt as smokey as we all thought it would be. This is a great chill bar. Swank, but not overly pretentious. I cant speak for the cigar selection myself, but my husband and friends enjoyed it. the musician they had playing, while cheesy at times, was very talented.Good drinks and you can order food from the resorts cafe.
5	Best cigar lounge in Arizona period. Just as any casino or resort the cigars can be pricey so you may want to bring your own. Shadows is worth the trip. The ambience is nice they have two outside seating areas and one inside sittng area with live music and a bar. When the weather is nice it's hands down the best place to smoke and enjoy an adult beverage. One of the bes thing is that it's open late night where as most cigar stores close around 8:00 pm. Decent scotch selection the cigar selection is above average. It is very accomodating to Women and couples, the most I've seen in any cigar lounge. definitely give this place a try any night of the week.
5	Top Shelf Alcohol, Cigars, and indoor and out door lounges. (IN A CASINO) what the heck is not to like!!!You walk in and it is a very warm feel, the bar is some where you can relax and get a good conversation in, while the lounge (indoor and outdoor) is comfortable with really cushy chairs and sofa's. Yes it will smell like smoke but it is not overwhelming in the least and the pizza they have for appetizers is quite tasty.I would highly recommend coming here for a relaxing evening with a fine cigar and glass of scotch I was thoroughly impressed!
4	Walk through the dark hallway, enter into the lunge and it completely opens up. The humidor is already facing you, so go make a selection. Decent selection of cigars and some which will surprise you. I'm no aficionado by any means but I have had my fair share of cigars from around this great, wide world. Good bartenders who are on top of their game with quick service and really know how to make you feel valued!Enough space for chatting, drinks and cigars while enjoying the sounds of the live band kicking up tunes makes for a relaxing fun atmosphere. Go outside to enjoy the night air, seeing bunches of people relaxing in a pretty quiet patio, considering a live band is playing 30 feet away! Its a dark, quiet patio with a fire pit and enough space to not be over taken by the cigar smell for those in your party not enjoying one. Great views of the indoor area to include watching older gentlemen asking younger ladies for a dance in a kind, but lost sort of art.
2	Service is a negative 5..  atmosphere is 5   ...   paul Wells, the one man band is great.....  Service on the other hand was the worst I have ever seen.... I was never offered even a water or a wine or beer or a cocktail or A CIGAR. .  Heck the food & beverage management from Orange Sky Restaurant (Kieth) came down to talk with us regarding my situation.  He did offer a free round of cocktails that we kindly refused.  After that he offered a free appetizer at the restaurant we had reservations for the next night .     While walking to the restroom at the end of our night I saw the server and at that point asked her name.  She said it was Michelle. .  I then asked why shy never offered us any type of service?  She did not respond.... I then asked "Do you not like us for some reason?"   We are a mixed race couple. ...  Her response  was a very big obvious smile and walk away...Is Shadows Racist????Are the Sunday night wait staff Racist???If not,  We felt they were....(Author is a Retired Firefighter and a County Public Health Enployee)
5	My husband and I lounged around here after we kept losing in the casino... He smoked on one of thier amazing cigars and I ordered a long island from the bar. Service is good. Lots of lounging areas in and outdoors. A kick ass band.. mixed crowd.. nice place to relax and unwind..
5	Shadow's is the best place for scotch and a stick! There aren't many INDOOR venues left in the valley where you can enjoy cigars AND cocktails (I can think of 3). It is a great spot to meet with the boys and enjoy a Cloud Summit. They have a nice selection of cigars and have no problem with your bringing your own. It is tucked away in the perfect location within Talking Stick Resort, set off to the side next to the parking garage.  The service is always excellent, Patrick and Angela are absolutely the BEST!
5	I really like this lounge/cigar bar.  The atmosphere is comfortable, nice without being uptight, and the staff is pretty helpful.  They allow cigar smoking both indoors and on the patio, which is huge.  It is enclosed from all sides so you are protected by weather (but also don't get much air movement if it's really hot).There is a good selection of whiskies and various other liquors, at typical bar prices.  Nothing great or particularly expensive, but good all around.
