5	A gift shop that sells what appears to be the scrapings from Pan's Labyrinth's cutting room floor, if you're into fairies, kelpies, elves or other fantastical beings then you've found your place. This shop stocks them all, in ornamental form.It's most famous for the owner though, a wonderfully nuts woman who I expect spends her spare days sitting cross legged at an ancient stone circle, not wearing shoes and taking massive quantities of hallucinogenic drugs. She's so far removed from life on Planet Earth you can't help but feel jealous of her, and while I'm not quite the target demographic, I'm glad her shop does well.
3	Enchantment is very enchanting indeed and as soon as you walk in you are surrounded by fairy figurines, crystals and various other magic related items.I can imagine this place would be ideal for people who are into alternative healing therapies with their range of crystals on offer and the whole shop has a very peaceful, tranquil feel to it. It's a little bit different to your average shop and I can't see myself ever needing anything from it but if fairy's float your boat, then why not?
4	I always say this about shops of this nature, but fairy ornaments etc remind me of the wicca craze that hit in the mid to late 90s. Perhaps Charmed and Buffy saw that trend flying into my high school, and I distinctly remember my then best friend's room looking not unlike this shop.Shops like Enchantment are becoming fewer and further between, but it's nice that this one still does well. There are little pewter ornaments of delicate garden sprites, elves and fairies lining the shelves of this place, and dangling from the ceiling in abundance.If you're into pixies, healing stones and a touch of magic, then you'll like it. My mum likes ornaments like these and it's a great wee resource not too far from the Royal Mile if you're looking for an impish wee pressie. It's a nice change from seeing green ornaments in the shape of Loch dwelling monsters.
5	Enchantment is a brightly lit shop and boasts a new painted shop front after a modernisation at the end of last year, there is now more room to wonder round the shop as the owners have reorganised their floor space!On my last visit I was thrilled to see that they were stocking genuine reproduction Victorian Metal Signage that gives you the good feel of times gone by, they also had a wide array of Sterling Silver and St Justin Celtic Jewellery.Their Marble mirrors were a delight to look at and am sure will be a delightful addition to my home at some point soon :-) They also still have their wide array of Hand Crafted goods and authentic selection of Fairy and Angel Ornaments, a classic parlour Cocktail Globe Cabinet also takes pride of place on the shop floor There is of course many other products such as novelty clocks and many scented candles including lily flame and a wide array of incense for sale also!I always look forward to visiting Enchantment , you always receive a warm welcome when you go through the doors and i would love for others to share that experience, I doubt you will be disappointed!!!
5	I stumbled upon this shop on a rainy day last June while searching for a birthday gift. I chose a gift no problem, as well as a pile of other wonderful things that sparkled and drew me to them!!  I found it hard to stop picking things up! If you like pagan or witchy kinds of things, or anything with a bit of faerie glamour, this is a great place to come, I always get my 'dragons blood' incense here, but I'm usually swayed into buying at least one or two other varieties too....the selection varies it seems. I must say I loved the owners too, I spent a good wee while talking to, and at times getting slightly emotional with the lovely lady, she's very earthy, strange even to some, but chat to her and you'll find her as lovely as I did....I'm seelie, so maybe I'm biased but take a look if you're curious, you won't be disappointed if you have the time to look round.
