5	Now one of two standalone philosophy stores, Casa Paloma is home to the flagship location. The other is in Dana Park Village Square in Mesa and both stores offer the only places you can go to sample and sniff the entire philosophy collection. You can also get a complimentary mini facial to sample their innovative skincare products. I find the salespeople at both locations very pleasant and excited about what they're selling. The best time to go is holiday season when their seasonal collections are available. Heaven.
4	I like Philosophy products.  A lot.  While they are widely available at department stores and places like Sephora and Ulta, did you know there are only TWO stand alone Philosophy stores in the entire state of Arizona?  Neither did I, until a recent fantastic Groupon offer enticed me to search for one.  They are both absolutely nowhere near me - one in Mesa, and the other in Chandler.  Well, $50 worth of product for $25 was too good of a deal to pass up, so my friend and I elected to take a trip down the 101 and check out the Chandler location as well as some other stores in Casa Paloma.The Casa Paloma store is nicely sized, with pretty much the entire selection of Philosophy offerings available to play with.  I love skin products and would probably have tried each and every one of them except I didn't want to end up smelling like a combination of flowers, rasberry and whatever else all at once.  The staff here is informative, but not pushy, which I like.  Trust me, if you let me browse in peace, I will buy...  While I may not always go all the way to Chandler to get my Philosophy fix, I now know where to go for the more difficult to find or recently released items that aren't readily available elsewhere.
5	The Philosophy store is a serious hike from where I live...but well worth it!  The sales staff is extremely knowledgeable, friendly and passionate about the product (I actually felt they were a little more knowledgeable and interested in the product than the department stores).  Great shopping experience - I will definitely return!
4	I love Philosophy - great products, friendly staff, small store that is not overwhelming aka Sephoria or ULTA. Ask for samples, they have them!
4	Very friendly staff! The most fun is though they have a tester for EVERYTHING! I went her to buy a birthday gift for my Mother who loves this brand but I think I will be returning to buy my own gift!
4	There's going to be 2 parts to this review- a brief overview of their products and then another of the store experience in general.The brand Philosophy doesn't really need an introduction. They're a high end skincare and cosmetics line that actually happens to have been started in and is headquartered in Phoenix. They're probably most well known for their iconic, delicious, "I can't believe it's not" shower gels. Frankly, you're missing out if you stop just at that. Their skincare products are, if pricy, well worth the money. If you're new to the line, the classic Purity cleanser is a no-fail product. Hope in a Jar, another one of their classics, is also great for any skin type. I've also used their "Clear Days Ahead" acne line. I do like the overnight salicylic pads, but find the moisturizer, while nice, to be a wee bit too dry for my combination-oily skin. My mother is also a fan- it's the only reason I really make a trip to the store. Every few months she'll give me a list of things she needs, and we make a trek to that side of town to load up so that I can send it all back over to her. The store itself is quite lovely. It's not a huge space, but if you want a product that a Sephora or an Ulta might not carry, this is your place. It seems like they have everything, and since they're always launching new stuff I always see more to peer at each time I go. This last trip I picked up some of their Hope in a Jar A-Z cream- their version of a BB Cream to test out. (It's not bad, btw.) The staff is lovely, friendly, and very helpful. But they also don't invade your space. A pretty great place. Again, too far for me to stop in all the time, but I certainly don't mind making the trek every so often, when my Mom asks me to.
5	Outstanding Customer Service from this standalone Philosophy store.Dropped in for their President's Day Sale (25% off) looking to purchase more of their Keep the Peace Color Corrector. Turns out, they were out and won't have a shipment in for two weeks. Bummer!Cheryl was kind enough to take my phone number and promised to call as soon as it gets in. And will honor the 25% off. She also hooked me up with a sample to get me through. Delighted customer indeed. :)Also, heard a rumor Philosophy intends to ax the Keep the Peace line?! PLEASE DON'T! Corporate, I HOPE YOU'RE READING (even after contacting customer service):As someone who struggles with Rosacea, the KTP CC is an absolute godsend. I know many others who agree.Yes, I love Bare Minerals. However, I'm an athlete. That means LOTS of sweat! 98% of the time, really don't feel like loading my face with make-up and prefer a minimalist approach (SPF moisturizer, KTP CC, mascara, brow powder, lip balm).Philosophy ... PLEASE DON'T NIX THIS LINE. If you buy any Philosophy products (Hope in a Jar, Purity, The Present, Miracleworker, etc.) at ULTA or Sephora, check out this location. You won't be disappointed with your experience!
5	I was in philosophy and I can't believe they are having an event going on with the Canfield imaging camera on June 16-22 and you book your appointment plus. 30% off preorders and get a gift after you spend $65 wow that is terrific I am telling all my friends and family.
