4	Chiropractor's office attached to the Gold's Gym at 83rd and Thunderbird. We went here after a subpar experience somewhere else, and were definitely impressed. Dr Stamp works m/w/f and always has a few minutes to chat or offer advice between seeing patients or while doing paperwork. He was the first chiro I've been to who actually asked me where I hurt THEN did adjustments specifically to fix that. I had ribs out of whack and a few other things and he put them all back. And he was comfortable working on my above-average sized husband, which some chiropractors aren't. I would have liked to be shown more stretches and such to do so I won't be back as often.They are great at working with your insurance and finances- they have a deal where for $199 you can go as many times as you want in a month. You do have to sign up for 2 months back to back, but it is still a good deal. Only downfall here is that their cash rate is higher if you don't have insurance. It is $50 cash for an adjustment, but only $35 if you have insurance. That's true whether or not you even opt to have them bill your insurance.I think they take walk-ins, but if nothing else we have been able to call and get same-day appointments pretty consistently.
5	I went to Chirofit after a car accident, and it was the best thing that I could have done. Dr. Stamp was awesome and really got my body back into shape... please forgive the pun. The office staff is very nice and is really on top of things. I'd definitely recommend the Peoria, AZ location!The ONLY thing I was a little worried about (and not enough to take a star away) was that they are attached to a Gold's Gym. Never ONCE was I approached or pressured to join the gym.
5	I went to CHIROFIT for a car accident and was very nervous at first. The staff and Dr. Stamp are amazing. I felt so comfortable and referred my whole family to the office. They handled my insurance claim with ease and I never felt overwhelmed at any point as they took control and handled everything. HIghly recomend them!!!
5	I have been going to ChiroFit inside Gold's Gym since 2007 when I was the gym's General Manager. Dr. Stamp is awesome, very knowledgeable, personable, and always fixes the issue!I recommend this office for chiropractic and sports injury recovery
5	I would recommend carofit to anyone I was in a really bad car accident they treated me like I was a human and not a number the staff really cared about was what was going on with me and how I felt alongside being a really great chiropractor and the staff they both have great bedside manner which is important to me after having surgery on my arm I plan to go back again and get physical therapy and also get some work done on my back
