4	I went to Henne Jewelers to get the size of a watch adjusted. A friendly woman greeted me as I walked in and after telling her what I was looking for she made sure I was okay with the price of $25, which I thought was fantastic that she was upfront. She put my watch on my wrist and asked how I wanted it to fit then got it adjusted within a matter of a few minutes. It was really easy and I'll be back if I need anything like that again.
5	When I started looking for an engagement ring for my wife, a friend recommended Henne Jewelers. From the moment I walked in, to the moment I bought my wife's engagement ring, I loved the experience! The staff was extremely helpful and genuinely caring. In fact, they told me about their "To Have and to Hold" program. In the program, the Henne's will offer couples a financial incentive on a couples purchase if they commit to going through premarital counseling. They told me that, "Most people spend more time planning for their wedding day than they do for their married life." I couldn't agree more. My wife and I went through premarital counseling and it was extremely beneficial to us. We had such a great experience buying the engagement ring their that we also bought our wedding bands there. When we went in this time, co-owner, John Henne, handed me and my wife a book called, "Things I Wish I Knew Before I got Married" by Gary Chapman, to help us prepare even more. Now, I recommend Henne to everyone I know. They don't just care about making a sale, they care about the couple, and that made all the difference in the world to us.  Finally, in addition to the excellent customer service described above, the jewelry that we purchased is of the highest quality and style.  My wife was thrilled with the engagement ring I selected and we both love our wedding bands.
5	I'm always on the search for watches and visit many jewelers and watch dealers during my travels.  I've purchased a couple of timepieces from Chad at Henne,  who is also known as "Chad the watch guy", and have had  nothing less than great experiences.  Chad's knowledge of watches and jewelry is great to tap into.  I've been to many watch stores & jewelry stores where they stop short if they feel that you're not purchasing at that moment.  My experience at Henne has been that they always have time for you and are more interested in earning your business for the long term.  Everyone is sincere when they say hello & offer their assistance you. I  make the effort to visit Chad twice a month to see what new watches he has to offer and say hello.  I always recommend Henne Jewelers and Chad with confidence to friends.  5 stars is a given.
1	Tiffany prices with Kay Jewelers selection.I've gone to this place a couple of times to look for various items over the past few years.  Every time I leave the store I always try to remind myself never to come back.The prices are way more than what they should be.  Tacori rings and other merchandise is marked up about 30-40% more than other jewelry stores in Pittsburgh.I've had a couple of nice salespeople work with me, but some of the others were just plain rude.  They try to do a great job preying on Love by upselling items or addons that aren't even necessary.There are many other great jewelry stores in Pittsburgh that you can look at other than here.
5	Back in the late 90's, I purchased a battery-operated, luxury, Swiss watch.  I purchased from another store in Pittsburgh.  I loved the watch and it was bulletproof.  However, when the watch battery died, I took it back to the store and they could not change the battery; or they could change it, but then could not properly reseal the watch.  I was told they could send the watch to the manufacturers stateside office in New Jersey, where the battery would be changed and the watch would be resealed and certified like new.  I obliged, as I had ruined watches before by thinking that they were waterproof and not water-resistant!  I did not want to take this chance again.Three weeks, and $150+ bill later, I got my watch back and all was great.Fast forward another 4-years... my watch battery died again, but I had recently heard a radio advertisement from Henne about Chris, their Certified Master Watchmaker on premises.  I learned that he can change batteries and properly re-seal a watch, meeting the same standards as if I had sent the watch to New Jersey.I visited Henne, dropped off my watch, and got it back within an hour: battery changed and resealed.  And for much less than sending it to NJ!When I decided to buy an automatic Omega watch, I kept Henne on my go-to list for shopping.  I had an idea of what I wanted, based on looks alone, as I am not that familiar with the movements/complications of watches and different price points associated with them.They walked me through Omega's Speed, Sea and Vision collection and dutifully explained the differences and related price points of each watch.  Then, they asked me why I wanted the particular watch that I had chosen (the Hour Vision).  This surprised me as I had never been asked why I wanted something from a retailer!   But my answer allowed them to direct me to a Speedmaster Omega watch that not only matched the look that I wanted, with a quality, robust movement, but at a price that was significantly less than the Hour Vision that I had originally wanted.Long story short:  With Henne's educational approach to customers, I got the perfect watch for me, at a fantastic price.I am definitely a Henne customer for Life!
5	In a world where high end jewelry can be intimidating, Henne comes in with a human touch. We worked with William to continue our journey exploring engagement rings and he patiently let us try on any ring we wanted while answering our questions about metals and settings. At no time did we feel pressured to buy and if anything the end goal for William was to give us a good experience at Henne and to help us narrow down the many, many beautiful options. In the end we had a chance to see many different types of rings, narrow down which looked best in various different lights, and feel confident about what we liked.
5	This is my first and probably only Yelp review.  But I feel as though I should take the time to write about my wonderful experience at Henne Jewelers.This was the first place I happened to look when I started the quest for an engagement ring.  I have never bought jewelry for anyone before, so I was as ignorant as a customer could be.  I also just got out of school and was only beginning to save some money.John Henne helped me and my S.O. personally for the better part of an hour.  Very early on I felt an obligation to inform Mr. Henne both how ultra-preliminary our shopping was and also my realistic price range.  That didn't make any difference, as we browsed all over the place.  Mr. Henne was personable, kind, and made us feel so comfortable.  At no obligation did I feel an obligation to buy. The customer service was among the best I have ever experienced.  Mr. Henne gave us his undivided attention, even while other employees sought his ear. We made sure to shop around different places, but nothing came close to the experience we had.  Ultimately I decided to go with an heirloom from my S.O.'s family as an engagement ring, but I sincerely plan on taking my future jewelry business to Henne.  As far as prices go, we're talking about fine jewelry so the sky can be the limit.  But there were certainly a great many items in my price range.  Really though, the customer service was incredible.  Everyone should have a go-to jeweler.
