5	I am shocked that this place doesn't have their own entry yet.  Time to change that because while this facility is part of Scottsdale Healthcare Osborn, it is a stand alone facility with everything you need in one locations.I am currently 9 months pregnant with my first so this review is based on my four experiences with complications I had that lead me to the triage department and a four day stay at Labor and Delivery.  One of the best things about this facility is that it is stand alone from the hospital.  You have your own building away from the hustle and bustle of the main hospital.  You have your own entrance, your own triage center, and your own staff specific to OB which helps in having nurses and aides who understand what you are going through.  When you come in they are quick to get you checked in and taken back to the triage area.  There are about 7-8 beds in triage and a staff dedicated to that area.  3 out of 4 times I had amazing staff in the triage area of the facility.  The only poor experience is when they didn't believe the information I was relaying based on when my personal doctor told me.  This was rectified the next day by a very stern phone call from my regular OB.  They are extremely helpful in getting you comfortable, hooked up to the monitors, and assisting your through out your stay.  Three out of the four times I was in triage for a couple of hours, monitored, treated, and sent home.  The fourth time I was admitted.  Attached to the triage center is 2 operating rooms for c-sections.  Again one stop shop.The facility has a level 2 nursery on site if needed but they encourage the baby to room in with mom.  Be for-warned, if you have a preemie baby or one with complications they may be transferred up to the Shea site which has the the level 3 NICU.The Labor and Delivery rooms are spacious and are equipped with everything you need to labor and deliver in.  The private bathroom has a shower and a jet tub to help you relax.  I spent four nights on L&D for pre-term labor and hooked up to several IV's.  The on-call doctors and nurses were beyond wonderful and accommodating to us while we were there.  They explained all of the procedures I was facing and what meds did what and how I would react to them.  They bought me a table top fan to help with the overheating side effects from the meds.  I felt like I was demanding at times but they said I was a pretty easy patient.  Dr. Moon was my on call doctor over the weekend and she was thorough, engaging, and extremely helpful.I did not have a single nurse ratchet during my stay.  Some were not necessarily as talkative as others but all had very good bedside manner and were polite.  The rooms are private and spacious although I do know that the post labor rooms are a little smaller.  It is very quiet and I hardly ever saw or heard any other patients unless I was in triage.  The hospital food is okay...it's hospital food, but they are okay with you bringing in outside food.  While It stinks that I've already had so many experiences there already, it puts my mind at ease knowing that I will be well cared for when I go in to active labor. Highly recommended.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE The Family Birthing Suites at Scottsdale Osborn.  I checked in at 3 pm on June 10th - separate building from hospital.  After talking with the DR on call, we decided that the best course of action, for me and my son, was for me to have a c-section.  Baby C was born at 6:01pm.  8lb 10oz, 21inches long, Healthy, and Screaming!  LOLThis birthing center is nice and private.  At most, there's 12 mamas on the floor.  Makes for lots of personal attention and you don't feel like just another number.  I will say that 95% of the staff was wonderful.  The 5% being the night shift staff I had my 2nd night.  TERRIBLE!  The Aid was pretty much nonexistent.  And well the RN on her first hour on shift, she's trying to "Help" my son nurse.  She's not only man-handling my boobs, but shoving my sons face into my tit.  Baby C is screaming and I'm getting frustrated.  Then the nurse starts in with her agenda - her formula pushing agenda.  My husband was ready to cave, but I told her to give us (my son and I) 5 minutes.  She left the room.  I was able to get Baby C calmed down and latched on.  Without shoving my boob into his face/mouth.  But that didn't stop her belittling my efforts.  All night long, I was beaten down with her formula pushing as Baby C was waking up every 2 or so hours to nurse.   I ignored her every time and said each time, "well his pediatrician (who had saw Baby C and I that first day) said that my body knows what to do, and I'm producing colostrum...which is all he needs right now.  My milk will come in in a few days.  And that I need to nurse to get my milk to come in."  This horrid nurse would always say, "he's hungry..that's why he's crying.  You should really give him formula."   Nurse Ratchet came in at 6am making her final rounds, and again I was nursing Baby C.  She finally says to me, "Well you're getting a lot of practice."  I seriously wanted to bitch slap this C You Next Tuesday.  After having little to no sleep, I lost it and started weeping.  She asked if I was alright and I said YUP.  She knew I had hit my breaking point and left.  I then began to sob uncontrollably.  I called my mom, who could bairly understand me over the sobs.  I called J, who also couldn't understand me.  But both made it a point to hurry up and get down to the Birthing Center.  Thankfully, the wonderful team I had my first day was back on shift.  The Aid came and said, as she walked in the door, "How's my superstar (I according to them had been an ideal patient...moving around the room, tending to baby, and walking the hall every few hours with Baby C...letting him get some sun from the skylights in the halls.  Apparently they have to practically drag other new moms out of bed.) this morning?!"  Then when she saw the emotional state I was in, "OMG are you alright?  What's wrong!?"  I cried on her shoulder for a good 20 minutes.  She reassured me and she said she would notify the nursing supervisor of what happened.  Baby C's pediatrician was making rounds and stopped by while the Aid was getting my vitals.  I addressed what happened over night, and said that if that nurse and aid was going to be back on shift, that I wanted to get Baby C and I discharged (if all my dr's approved).  Dr G. was outraged at what happened!!  She's pro-breastfeeding.  So Dr. G went and paid a visit to the nursing supervisor.  I was happy to hear that Nurse Ratchet and her sidekick were not going to be returning that evening.  My RN that day was Ruth.  OMG.  RUTH = AWESOME  She's been an RN for at least 50 years and her bedside manner proved it.  She's wonderful.  She knew I had a rough night and wanted Baby C and I to get a nice nap.  So she let me nurse C and came in a few minutes after we finished up, with a bottle of lotion.  Baby C was already asleep.  I'm tellin you, I got the best backrub of my life that morning.  And J said I was out like a light within minutes.  So there you have it.  From one end of the spectrum to the other.  Ruth vs. Nurse Ratchet.  The facility = 5 starsThe staff = depends on who you get.  Nurse Ratchet and her sidekick Aid = Negative StarsThe rest of the staff = 5+ Stars!I'm going to go ahead and give 5 stars.
5	At first I was skeptical to have my baby at Osborn since they did not have a nigh enough level of NICU compared to Scottsdale Shea but after speaking to my OB/GYN I decided that I would have my son at this hospital. Since it is a smaller birthing suites, I was told we would not be rushed in and out as compared to Scottsdale Shea. When I was 8 months pregnant I was omitted to triage due to a kidney infection and had to remain at the birthing suites for a week. Every nurse and doctor that I came across was beyond friendly and helpful. I felt so much compassion coming from all of them it made my stay ok. The rooms there were all spacious and nice. Even the food was great! After a 2 week bed rest at home, I was once again omitted back to the hospital for another kidney infection (drink lots of water!!!!!) and again remained at the hospital for a week. This time I ended up giving birth and my son was taken to the NICU where he remained for 3 weeks. All of the NICU nurses were so kind and accommodating. I know with my next children I will have them at Osborn.  I cannot say enough great things about this hospital and the nurses. A few weeks later I did have to take my son to the PICU (pediaterics NICU) at Scottsdale Shea and I could see such a difference between the two hospitals. The nurses there were hit and miss. Some were very nice and helpful, others were very mean and made my husband and I feel so uncomfortable there. If I ever need to go to a children's hospital again I will to to Phoenix Children's Hospital instead of Shea.
5	Had my first baby boy here 3 months ago and I absolutely LOVED it!! My RN, Stephanie was great! She helped me through the pain of labor without the epidural and I honestly don't know how I would've gotten through that without her help!! My first experience was a great one!
5	Don't park on the street, Wells Fargo ave is not owned by the hospital and Scottsdale PD will ticket and tow you. Plenty of parking in the parking lot. Facility is 24/7 visiting hours, but East side door locks at 8pm so you have to enter from the North.  Also ALWAYS check for RSV season. You don't understand how much it sucks to drive an hour or two out there with kids to find out it's RSV season and kids who are not immediate family are banned.  Although understandable, don't want to get the newborns sick so whatever the staff says, goes!
