2	I've only been to P.F. Chang's once, with a big group of co-workers, and I remember thinking that the food there was fine, in a suburban-mall sort of way. But even though its younger sibling, Pei Wei, nails the sexy interior design and appealing assortment of pan-Asian entrees you'd want in this sort of place, the execution leaves a lot to be desired. We perused the menu and settled on three hard-to-fumble options: a Thai-style green chicken curry, orange-peel beef, and Pei Wei spicy chicken --- their approximation of General Tso's --- plus a side of edamame. Each entree came with a choice of white or brown rice.As we waited for our food, I remarked that the decor seemed unexpectedly pleasant, maybe even nice enough for a casual date.  It's the kind of place you can imagine popping into while shopping, a little more upscale than the food court, but not a 'for-real' restaurant.The edamame were served warmish, and tasted just like they do everywhere else. The Pei Wei chicken turned out to be everyone's favorite, although I definitely wouldn't call it spicy (even though the menu does). We enjoyed the green curry's flavor, although the chicken turned out more like meat-jelly, probably the result of over-marinating. The beef was the disappointment of the bunch, a sitcky-sweet mess of strangely chewy meat garnished with with huge slices of carrot... huh? The accompanying white rice was fine, but the brown rice was seriously undercooked: It rattled like gravel when stirred.
5	I love this place -- it's my favorite restaurant around here. I like every dish I've tried, which is about 10 of them.
5	One of the best hangover foods you can get.  Always had good food from this place.  Never disappointed.
5	What I love about Pei Wei is that they cook the food to order.  It isn't steam table food.  Their Mongolian Beef is a real winner.  The meat is tender, not chewy, and because it is cooked fresh, the thicker pieces still have a faint pink inside.
4	I'm going to get shot for saying this but I don't care... I typically prefer Americanized Chinese food to its' "authentic" counterpart. Yup, I'd rather eat here than 80% of SMR. I'm entitled to my opinion, no matter how stupid or weird it is damnit ! The place is clean, I don't get nasty MSG bloat after eating here, and the service is actually good. It's reliable and I don't get weird grisley meat pieces like you get in hole in the wall type spots. I have my reasons, and sometimes good ole reliable Pei Wei is a better option for me than being "adventurous" and eating the fish swimming around the murky smelly tank in Chinatown !What I love about Pei Wei:*Quick - I can order online and pick it up in 10 minutes*Cheap and reliable*I can add on teriyaki noodles for like $2 *I can make my rice into fried rice for $1 more*Honey seared chicken ROCKSYup, Pei Wei never lets me down !
4	Pei Wei is good Asian food. Everybody can find a suitable dish, even vegetarians. The brown rice is perfect every time. The chopsticks are made from quality wood. The napkins are huge and thick. I only wish they would bring back the scallops!
4	dinner last night here was very filling. it was my very first time here and i am sure to be a returning customer. i had no cravings last night so my boyfriend decided he was craving some pei wei. once he knew i never been it was for sure we were going. for the two of us with two entrees, crab wontons (4), and cups of water the total was right under $20.00. I had the tofu and veggie teriyaki bowl with steamed brown rice. It came out in a huge bowl overflowing of colorful veggies. The tofu was thinly sliced and reminded me of mushrooms covered in some addicting sauce. the veggies cookies just right with huge pieces of bright green broccoli and an overload of green snap peas. the steamed brown rice was so soft and went just right with the mix of everything. I stole a crab wonton and was surprised with how much crab was actually stuffed in that little pastry. the spicy sweet sauce they were sat up on went perfect with it enough to make me want to eat all 4 of them, but i know i had to share with Dan T. I couldn't be greedy.I was pleased with my first time pei wei dine. I did wish they had the heat on though because it was very chilly inside. chilly enough i didn't want to drink my water. that was the only downside for dining in there. I loved the food though and am pleased to have leftovers for days now in my little take out box.
3	This is a decent place for Asian food. It's not great, but it's ok. It's on par with other middle-of-the-road chain restaurants. I enjoy some of the basic entrees here and appreciate its close proximity and ease of online ordering. When I've got a craving for Asian and am feeling lazy, this place works.
2	I only came to this place because I have some coworkers that love this place so I went along.  Not ever having been here I decided to go with the Orange Chicken (white meat) entree with the fried rice.  The employee's at the counter taking my order were not that friendly but I made small talk with them and they seemed to be more friendlier...they must have been having a bad day or something.  My coworker's and I seated ourselves and when our food was ready it was brought over to us.  We got extra plates and shared some of our food with each other to see what we liked and disliked.The food is ok...I mean it's not anything special.  Nothing really stood out to me like I must have this again.All in all, they like to come here but then they must not enjoy eating great food!  I've had it twice and I most-likely won't go back unless I'm dragged again kicking and screaming!
2	I have eaten here a few times. The first few times were good but the last two times my food order has been wrong. The staff don't seem to care. Crazy but service is really just as important as food quality when it comes to restaurants
4	If you ever crave P.F. Chang's, but would prefer to avoid the pretentiousness and cut the cost, Pei Wei is a great alternative. They serve a similar menu, many of the dishes are the exact same, but at a slight to drastic price difference. The atmosphere is not inferior by any means. Instead of the dark, rich colors that signifies fine dining, Pei Wei goes for a more simplistic motif. The open windows creates lighting that give this place a comfortable feel, and the plush booths add to this sentiment. The large menu board up front, leading towards the cashier, is easy to read and directs the flow of guest. Once you order, you sit down, they bring your food, and the rest is self serve. It is a more upscale version of fast food. My friends and I enjoy the chicken lettuce wraps. The portion is large enough to share between three. PFC- $7.95 PW-$6.95 I am not one to over stuff my lettuce, so we usually run out before the filling is gone. I have asked for extra wrappers and they have complied without making a fuss. Bonus points for a better tip. Another popular starter are their crab wontons. They are filled with bits of crab, scallions, red peppers, and cream cheese. Usually I avoid cream cheese, but am a sucker for rangoons. For an order of six you pay $4.95 compared to the $6.95.Now for the main course. You get to choose from a variety of different styles, and the cost varies depending on your protein. Tofu and veggies run the cheapest at $7.50 and shrimp cost the most at $9.25. Orange Peel is similar to orange chicken and works well with all, but I prefer the tofu and veggies in this sauce. The Thai Coconut Curry is just as great with no meat. The green beans are the best in this ensemble. Now here is where you will see the big difference in your receipt. If you order the Orange Peel Chicken at Pei Wei, it will cost you $8.25. At P.F. Chang's, it is $13.75. With the savings from that alone you can go down the street and get a crepe from The Crepe Shack for dessert. The best part is that you get a choice between brown or white rice. You technically get a third option of fried rice, but that comes at an up-charge.This place is great for those who want their favorite dishes, but do not have the time or money. You will also save more because you leave a tip for the busser. Cashier, as well, if they are extra helpful.Although it is not authentic Chinese, Japanese, Korean or Vietnamese food. All my favorite cuisines, by the way. Sometimes you can learn to appreciate the Americanize spin on classics.
2	Was psyched to hear they have a gluten-free menu. Although there are only 2 flavors-Pei Wei Spicy & the sweet & sour. That's good for my SO since he likes sweet & sour. I'm not a s&s fan so I'm stuck with just rice- would have liked the spicy but it's made with chicken broth so not vegetarian friendly which explains why they only list meat options on their gluten-free menu. If they would switch to veggie broth then we would get takeout weekly. But I can't get satisfied with just rice so they lost my biz. Staff is friendly but some really have no clue about the gf menu - for take out they gave packets of regular soy sauce when they have gf tamari. 2 stars because they made an attempt, and with a few tweaks could be a 4 or even 5 star.
5	the location is convenient being it is literally across the street! i've gone a couple times for lunch and dinner in the past couple weeks. i like their speedy service and self serve takeout boxes and fortune cookies. the dining area looks like it seats about 40 or less, it's a good thing i've never experienced a busy, busy pei wei. i love the fried rice. also had spicy korean beef and pei wei spicy. i would recommend having chicken pei wei spicy and ask for the chicken not to be battered = deeeelishhh! :)
1	This was horrific. Flavorless and lacking any character. I had the Orange steak, marked as spicy, almost no flavor. I got a tiny bit of heat and only tasted orange if I bit a piece of rind. The rice was seriously overcooked and blown out. Also had the Hot and sour soup, No hot no sour, only what appeared to be a gelatinous gummy mass from too much corn starch. My roommate opted for the chicken fried rice. All you could taste is salt and oil. She also had the egg rolls. Once again the predominant flavor was the cooking oil. I really did not even have high expectations. Just Chinese takeout. I expected oil and salt. But really Pei Wei has raised the bar on how poorly simple dishes can be prepared. The staff was about as would be expected at this price point, nothing to write home about. Unfortunate really since the restaurant space was nice and clean as well as appropriately lit and appointed. I definitely will not be going back and likely will be guiding friends away from this establishment.
5	Five stars because, as far as "fast" Americanized Asian food goes, this for me really is as good as it gets.It's made to order, unlike Panda Express, and you can expect some actual meat in your breaded chicken, unlike Pick up Stix. It's quality. Yeah, it's a little more expensive than those places, but if you can spare the couple dollars, it's worth it.The Mongolian beef is my favorite. It's always full of flavor. This trip, the flavor was phenomenal. Before we moved to Henderson, we frequented Pei weis in Orange County, and while it was typically good/great, occasionally this dish would be overly salty. Yet this is the second time in the Vegas area that I've been blown away by how perfect the flavor was--once in Summerlin and now here (and we haven't been here that long).The meat today was a little fattier than I'm used to here. Hopefully it will be better next time, but it won't stop me from coming back. If anything, I will return in the hopes that the sauce will be as tasty as it was this trip.The Bf's Honey-seared chicken was pretty good too.
4	this place is good for family,  The price is right and they serve good beer.  The food is pretty good four stars are for the service.  I don't like looking over at the kitchen and seeing the cooks eat food while they are cooking so that is why they get one star deduction
3	For me this is as good as Chinese food gets on this level. They use all white meat chicken. None of their meat is fatty or full of grease either!Vegetables are cooked to perfection.. cooked to a perfect crispiness. The ordering & food serving concept is efficient and great as well. Price isn't too bad either..A couple dollars more than those nasty C rated places but WAY worth it. This chain is owned by PF Changs so your always guaranteed to get a consistant, good quality meal here :)
4	The food and service were very good! Thank you Ivy for great service! I had the Chang's Spicy lunch with light sauce... But the sauce was not light. So service great, food ok... Cooks didn't t pay attention to customer request...which is not good
4	My second time here and again very pleased with the food and the overall cleanliness of the establishment.  I wish that the cashier was a little more personable but, she did a good job.  Food is not spicy enough even when you tell them #10.  Good for a chain
4	I really enjoyed this place. Sure, it's a chain, but good food is good food. Plus, we don't have one where I live. The service was friendly and fast, and the prices were right down my line. I needed to save a few pennies for the casinos. I can't wait to get to another Pei Wei. Hopefully it'll be as god ad this location.
4	Loove me some Pei Wei! Boyfriend isn't a fan, so whenever I end up eating alone, this is my go-to. I have a bad habit of ordering the same thing over and over once I find something I like, so I can only say that the Dan-Dan Noodles are amazing! The eggrolls are also delicious. Taste can vary with regard to spiciness, but it's generally pretty consistent. Their online ordering system is my favorite and my food is ready and waiting on time, every time. The staff is super friendly. Great stop for some quick, tasty Asian food (I believe they cover at least 5 different Asian cuisines).
5	Love Pei Wei.  Good quality food.   Chicken is all white meat.  Very friendly staff.
2	My shrimp Lo Mein Diner Select was missing some veggies as listed on the menu, and they were added after I pointed that out. My meal was to go, and when I got home I found there was no sauce on the entree. The menu lists a red wine sauce and garlic, and I tasted neither in this meal. It tasted like no seasoning was added at all.The hot & sour soup, however, was very good. I've had some very good entrees at Pei Wei, and this was the worst.At this Pei Wei and other Las Vegas area locations, the same thing has happened with missing ingredients when I get meals to go. All in all, a pretty disappointing meal.
2	Not worth the money. First time I came here & ordered the spicy Korean from the lunch menu. There wasn't much flavor to the dish other than being spicy. The rice was dry,the chicken was dry. You're better off at panda express. 2 stars for the nice decor & friendly service.
4	Good fresh food always hot and honestly way too much but it's so good you just keep eating.
4	This place is great! I love the chicken dishes here, pure white meat.. my favorite. You can eat here relatively healthy and all under $10. The service is pretty decent. I was surprised how slow it was during the lunch hour. Maybe we just weren't here long enough to see a crowd. Location is key for a lot of places and this location is definitely not close to where I live or work, but the co-workers and I were craving some Asian cuisine and this filled our appetites.I recommend the Orange Peel, Caramel, or Coconut Curry.. yeum
4	PeiWei is always a great, consistent choice.  Their food is unique and well prepared, and the restaurant is successful in being simultaneously casual and trendy. It's a perfect blend between cheap fast food chinese and upscale PF Chang quality.
3	Clean, fast, tasty what more can you ask for? Just avoid the Korean Chicken IMO worst thing on menu full of good stuff.
4	Honey seared chicken is so good.  Pork egg rolls a bit greasy though.
4	The wonton soup is absolutely delicious! The Thai basil makes the difference. Their spring rolls are also great and anything that has Pei Wei on the menu is a must-try. If you're a vegan or vegetarian their tofu is delicious. It's nicely seared and well-seasoned.
4	Love it, I got the curry chicken. Could have used more curry but was still good. Also got some crab wontons which were sooooo good.  My manager got the fried rice which she really enjoyed also.
5	I really love Pei Wei! For the price, I think it's the freshest, tastiest Asian food you can get. Always white breasts in all their chicken dishes which is so much healthier!  Service is always excellent, even when they are busy. Great online deals too!
4	Good food and quick service. That's all ask for of any restaurant. One very useful tip I want to mention is for yelpers with kids. In the past we used to get the kids meal but I was informed that if I go ahead and order a side of lo mien with just lo mein sauce it comes out a little cheaper. With my daughter (like most kids) she just wanted noodles. I ordered the side of noddles, saved a little money and we've been ordering that ever since.Thanks.
4	We had the Vietnamese Chicken Salad Rolls and they had a great taste to them. Their not spicy at all and the dipping sauces were great also. This appetizer comes with a sweet chili sauce and a Thai Peanut Dipping Sauce.
4	I really like the food. For years my favorite dish was the Thai Coconut Curry (with added veggies) white or brown rice depending on my mood. Now I get the Gluten Free Pei Wei Spicy Combo ...it almost has an orange chicken vibe to it. Pretty delicious. The GF Vietnamese Rolls were pretty tasty as well.The fresh brewed orange iced tea is also a favorite.This location is good for dine in, but I usually get takeout. I like that can help yourself to the condiments when dining in.
4	I love their spicy choices, It's fast and freshly cooked . I always order mine with extra vegetables. Sometimes they charge a $1 for this. Thai Dynamite chicken is one one of my favorites.
4	Driving south on Eastern after being in class all morning, I needed to stop for a quick lunch but  wanted good food,not just fast food. Stopped at Pei Wei. I ordered Spicy Chicken. My  buddy had a salad. My dish had a good amount of stir fried chicken with a mixture of stir fried vegetables  and some rice. Very tasty and not too spicy. More than enough for a lunch portion, all for under $7. My buddy had a lunch salad. It was a large portion. He reported that it was delicious. This is an excelent alternative to a fast food joint.
1	Decided to give them another try, as my 1st visit was week one.The Thai wonton soup - tasteless broth with a couple of chards of something green w/ 3 tiny undercooked hard-as-a-rock wontons.Thai chicken lettuce cups - very fresh and well formed lettuce - more chopped cucumber than was called for - the chicken was overcooked, and tasteless except for the overabundance of  (probably not fresh) line juice and sugar.See ya!
2	Thought I would give the sushi a try (I know, I know) . . . Good thing I got the 4-piece. Spicy tuna and the mango California rolls had too much rice and the filing was bland.  And I got a surprise in my szechuan green beans, something that was like a string of plastic.  (Photo posted)I got my order to go, so I didn't find that out until I got home. The service was ok.
5	The best bang for your buck if you're looking for really good Asian food but you're not trying to spend a lot of time.  PF  Changs owns this place so it's basically the same food and everything is made fresh to order.  I always get the mongolian chicken and substitute the rice for egg noodles....the best!
4	Great food quality and awesome flavor. The portions are a perfect size for dinner and a little leftover for lunch tomorrow. I'm obsessed with the steak pad Thai! True it can get a bit on the pricey side but it's so worth it over going to a fast food Chinese place.
1	First time here and very disappointed! Food too salty. Rice not fully cooked. Got their Mango sushi roll and it tasted like it was prepared yesterday. Taste stale and rice again not cooked. Their slogan is 'Hand crafted fresh' but that is not the case for us.  This not real Asian food.
1	Perfect example of what NOT to do. Mgr takes order but before giving back our change she begins a personal conversation in Spanish to another employee and stands there holding our change for 30 seconds. The girl she was having the conversation with goes back to the food that has now been sitting in the window and just looks at it for at least 2 minutes. She was completely clueless. She just kept looking at the tickets and the food. As more food gets piled up in front of her she just starts handing it out. Our food went to the table across from us and the guy just starts eating it. She gets relieved by a "chef" who starts bringing out the rest of the food including the guy who now has our foods order. The chef sees me looking at him and I can hear the conveesation. He goes back to the window and asks for our order to be remade quick again in spanish. Of course they make it wrong and we send it back. They finally bring our food. It is thrown in the bowl with no care. The veggie were cold and not cooked. The onions raw and had a black powder on them. I suspect a dirty wok. They knew I knew they had made mistakes  because I was watching them the whole time but they didn't address it they just dropped the food at our table and took off. I use to love eating there but I can say that I will not be going back any time soon
5	This location has the best food & service of any Pei Wei in Vegas, IMHO.  Great job on the cooking & seasoning, I prefer it to PF Chang's actually.  The best Kung Pao chicken I've ever had anywhere.  It's a smaller dining room and is always clean and the young man, Steven, who brings you the food is attentive. Very courteous staff and one of my fav places for Asian.
5	Love this place! The beef coconut curry is awesome! Love that they are a division of PF Chang's, but without the sit down waiting experience. If I want great Asian food, I definitely eat here!!
2	You have one job! That's to pack up people's order & take their money...and you screwed that up! I ordered online so she didn't even have to TAKE my order, thankfully...because who knows what I would have found in my bag. SmhI left the store only to get to my destination (Coronado High School) & I realize we don't have forks!!!! I deserve some blame because I should have checked, but COME ON! Do your job right!
4	This place has really good Pan Asian food.  I go here probably twice a month, convenient location however the parking is not the best, usually crowded.
4	Good lunch spot and reasonably priced for a chain restaurant.  The service here is good, it does get busy sometimes so there might be a little of a wait to order.  But once the food is ordered it doesn't take too long for it to show.  Had the Dan Dan noodles with chicken today, good solid noodle dish.  My other favorite here is the Thai Chicken Lettuce Wraps!
4	Had the small Orange Peel Steak w/white rice and Wasabi Crunch Roll (8). They both say "spicy" on the menu, but hit very low on the overall spicy scale. Our food was served hot, fresh, and very fast (full disclosure: the place was a little empty). My main entree was delicious! I ordered a small and it very satisfying. The rolls on the other hand were kinda weak. The "crunch" came from some substance sprinkled over the top of the rolls that resembled crystallized brown sugar in taste and texture. I love that they have a Coca-Cola freestyle fountain here. The cherry vanilla Dr. Pepper is great! I bought an appetizer to share, entree, and drink for just under $18. My friend just ordered a large entree w/water and his bill came in under $10. Worth the price for sure!
4	Overall good. The person you order from must be new. She didn't have very good knowledge about the menu. She put my appetizer in last so my actual food came out before the app. Quick service and inviting atmosphere.
2	Good food but it's Saturday night and they have ONE bottle of beer in the entire restaurant. The cashier was not friendly and made no attempt to ask the manager if there was more in the back.  As much as I like their food, my wife and I almost walked out because of the ( lack of) service.
3	This is fast food but healthier than the norm.Stick with the meat dishes. The pad thai was disappointing and the sushi was equal to what you get at a grocery store.The green beans are a staple of my orders. I come here when I'm too busy to cook and too lazy to drive down to a real Chinese restaurant to pick up an order to go.
