5	I have been going to Supercuts at this location over 2yrs and Brittney my stylist is the best, I recommend her to anyone for the best haircuts ever.  Great conversations to make you comfortable without that weird awkward silence.  Plus the staff is friendly and the location is clean, good job guys
1	I was in Vegas and needed a hair cut.  My hair cut is simple.  Same one Ive had for about 13 yrs.  #1 blended up fade.  Even on top.  SIMPLE!  About 30 different Asian ladies over the years some that dont speak great English can figure this one out. While waiting I noticed the stylist did not stop talking (Thats overrated to me, and kept on talking about working out and fitness)  I'm up. I tell her what I want.  Shes SEEMS to understand.   Right away she buzzes me all the way up with a number one.  Thats NOT BLENDED.  I try to slow her down VERY politely and she says "You know how long have you been asking for this hairstyle...you know what you want...Let me do what I do.)  Then she proceeds to tell me a story about a guy that left in the middle of the haircut because he kept asking her questions.  Well apparently he was not CRAZY for that.  She ends up stepping my hair which is the opposite of what I want.  She asks me where I'm from.  I live in San Leandro which is neighboring Oakland.  I just tell her by Oakland since we are in Vegas. She counters with Wow I did not know White people lived there.  I wanted to counter so many witty things that she would not have appreciated but I did not since she had clippers by my hair  (Side note...The two people you dont mess with...Barbers and Waiters).  I had not shaven for a few days and she asks me what should I do with the sideburns.  I said leave them I like to take care of them.  Then she clips them WAY high and said oh well I'm gonna do them because you guys never get them straight anyway.  IRONY is SHE MADE THEM SHORT AND SLANTED!Then she asks if I put product in my hair.  Not often and I would rather not as I was going to run after this and shower.  She goes well its what I do and puts the equivalent of a quart of Pennzoil on my jacked up head and gives me the ultimate DB fohawk.  I almost kicked my own A**.She then proceeded to tell me about her "shoulder workout".  She also decided to educate me about fitness.  (Side note....Not to be mean but she is not a certified trainer by any means or equipped to drop this knowledge)  Double side note....I am...I'm a fit PE TEACHER!!!!!!).....But I just let her talk and I tried to be thankful I was almost done.  I hate that this is my first Yelp review and plan to do 4 positives to even out this one but three weeks later I just looked at my hair and its growing out even worse.  Sorry miss Supercuts lady . Maybe it was just a bad day for ya but we did not click.  I also still tipped her 10 bucks but would not return.
3	Came to Vegas, needed a fast/cheapish haircut ... so Supercuts it was. This is the location by UNLV. It looks closed because of the blackout curtains, but trust me, it's open. The service was really good - kinda slow, but that's fine because there was this really energetic child who kept me and my brother occupied by showing us a few cool tricks (like jumping on and off the seat cushions) while his dad just sat there and shook his head lol
4	Fast, efficient, and friendly when a load of no-shows made my Tuesday morning clinic anything but rapid I cannot complain at all about the quality of service at this Supercuts nor about the music selection during my wait - Aerosmith's Home Sweet Home, Black Sabbath's NIB, and The Who's Love Reign O'er Me.  Cleanly and $15 for a trim I guess I'm glad to be low maintenance in this regard...even if the end result was my 1:00pm pt suggesting I don't look old enough to be her doctor.
2	Walked in ask for a simple haircut they gel your hair up to make it look like its prefect but when i go home and shower and re-style it it was a horrible there were a lot of of places that needed more retouching and wasnt even....never going back there again
4	Place is clean. Staff is friendly. There was only one other person getting a haircut when I arrived, so I was in a chair right away.Gave $5 tip on a $15 cut and was given a strange look in return...like I hadn't tipped enough.
1	We went to this haircut place just because we are not familiar with the area we don't live there. My husband and his friends were very upset with there haircuts they said they couldn't cut and they really couldn't!! They did such a horrible job on there hair it didn't even look like what they wanted!! $15 each so we payed $30plus tax & plus tip because one of the girls said that how she got paid!!! So people please don't make a mistake like we made double check!!
