5	Excellent prices, wonderful selections, awesome flavors and comfortable atmosphere. This is definitely a place to visit!
4	I like how they weigh the yogurt by the ounce.  They have iPads for the kids to play with and lots of options for types of yogurt and toppings.  My daughter loves it!
4	Wanna swirl it?This place has delicious frozen yogurt.  My daughter told us about it and we went over here one weekend for an after-lunch sweet.  Get your yogurt cup, go to the dispensers, and serve yourself.  You can get a single flavor, or swirl two together.  Then, you can top it off with candies, nuts, or even fruit before checkout.  My one caveat--they charge by weight, so fill your cups with caution.Get it to go, sit on one of their chairs and eat in, or pull up to one of their iPad stations and have fun with your froyo.  Any way you do it, Swirl It is a winner.
4	The location is great but personally I've had better. The original froyo was slightly more icy than I would have liked. The staffers were great/super-friendly and offered sample cups as we walked in. There are a lot of topping options and yogurt flavors. The price is really good!They have ipads along the walls which definitely adds to their decor.
5	I stopped in for a quick treat after a day at the spa next door. I had never been in before, and walked in not quite knowing where to go ( I didn't see the wall where the yogurts are located when I walked in - duh) but the employees where helpful and friendly. Lots of low-fat, non-fat, no sugar added varieties and the most toppings I think I've ever seen at a Froyo joint.  Great prices, my little cup cost me less than $3.00...although I didn't really load my serving up. Very fun place!
5	Very nice staff always clean when I go in here. Really good froyo and good flavor selection
5	Pretty laid back chill spot. Ipads an video games for customers in a lounge area overlooking a view of a litte lake. But i forgot to talk about the best part, the yogurt. Soooo many flavors and twice as many toppings. I went with the strawberry mixed with red velvet an new york cheesecake. Toss on some fresh strawberries an kiwi. Toss on some walnuts an almonds an your good to go. I'll definitely be back.
4	YogurtLand is my #1 spot for frozen yogurt, but Swirl It is coming up pretty close. They definitely have more toppings than YogurtLand. Pretty chill spot, we sat outside next to the lake, I love the location.
4	I went here the other night with the bf and another couple. We had just gotten dinner and wanted some froyo...looked on the Yelp app and found swirl it. The froyo is good, they have several flavors and tons of toppings. I got chocolate, mint, and tart froyo with mini chocolate chips, nutella, strawberries, kiwi, and blueberry. It was really tasty. Everyone was happy with their froyo. Notable toppings: Mochi, Boba, NutellaOnly complaint: The swirl idea is good, but the flavors next to each other that were 'swirlable' didn't really go together (in my opinion)....like I would put chocolate and peanut butter or something next to each other, but it felt a little random to me. Tip: They have (or at least they had) a foursquare check-in special - 2$ off 5$ purchase....sweet!Definitely check this place out if you are in the neighborhood (it's in the Sprouts parking lot on the southeast corner).
1	Went in on Sunday after dinner to have a nice treat. Bought the yogurt and sat in the back to look at the lake and hang out with my wife. We noticed on the floor what appeared to be rodent droppings ( we own hamsters and are familiar with the look). So we bring it to the attention of the employee. He goes with my wife and notices the same thing we did and unsure tries to call his manager. We leave and leave our number to speak with him regarding this issue. He calls us back and proceeds to harass my wife and accuse us of trying to ruin his business. Look we were trying to point out a potential issue and this guy calls to yell at us! I will never frequent this establishment again and have already begun to tell all of my friends as to the RUDE nature of how this situation was handled!!
2	Meh... I've had better at a few places. I truly miss my gelato place so I've been looking for an alternative for a while. I've gone here several times and always leave somewhat disappointed. Don't get me wrong though, the staff is always tiding the place, making the toppings in order, checking on the spoon supplies and such. It's relatively clean inside, and unusually bright. There is always 1 or 2 of the yogurt machines which drips goo out before the yogurt which is just gross. Makes me think the machine valve has a leak and is letting the yogurt get too warm. The flavors are not consistent and several taste "chemically". I mean, cheesecake frozen yogurt is probably difficult to get right but it's really weird here. The chocolate is good and the red velvet is good. The coconut is gross... that one especially. I'm going to continue my search for something better though. They do have text message promos where the weight per ounce is cheaper some weeks. So if you like this place sign up for them. I don't play with the ipads and such, people + yogurt + kids = gross fingers. Come to think of it, I've never seen the staff wipe those down...
4	I was in the mood for a late night froyo place and voila! Good operating hours, relatively close location, and public iPads! Good service even with 20 min before closing on Sunday and overall a nice experience.  Highly recommend it!!
3	A-ok
4	This place recently turned into Yogurt Time. The froyo is tasty and they have a variety of flavors and toppings. Pricing is fair. It's located in the same plaza as Valle Luna and Sprouts.
