1	Unless you are there to run up a nice big bar tab, don't bother.  They are not interested in serving you. We asked for a table, were told we would be next to get one, and then watched a parade of people who came after us be served. We had to take our open baskets of food into the terminal and eat there. Don't even dare ask about being seated again either, or be prepared for attitude. It was gross to have to eat in the terminal with no silverware. Very poor service.
5	This casual bar/restuarant is located inside the Gateway Phoenix Mesa Airport in the southeast valley.  My father and I dropped into the bar for some pre flight drinks midday on a Thursday.  The bartender was incredibly attentive, quick, social and made fantastic drinks for us (bloody mary and glenlevit on the rocks.)  Their house vodka is Svedka and they also have several beers on tap.We left the bar very happy people, but suprisingly wound back up there in their restaurant an hour later ordering a couple of Budwisers and Stella Artois on tap.  Somehow our flight got turned around on an Allegiant airplane due to a "panel" issue.  We pleasantly enjoyed our second time around in a booth with beers and shared a delightful ceasar salad and the soup of the day-brocolli cheddar :)I can't complain about this little airport bar/resturant since their staff was so quick, friendly, and the food was pretty tasty.  I recommend swinging through here if you end up flying out of this quaint, clean, and affordable little airport in the valley.
4	On my recent flight to South Bend, IN, I flew through this Mesa Airport.  I stopped by this place because I wanted a sit-down meal and perhaps a glass of wine.The gals attending there were friendly and attentive and quick, they did not have that same airport worker drone attitude that big airport service employees have.. .which was a pleasant treat.I was even more impressed with the delicious and lush Rex-Goliath PN they served me in a beautiful, clean, sleek wine glass.  The spinach salad was huge, colorful and plentiful with chicken, goat cheese, pecans, and a tasty vinaigrette dressing.  Very impressed for an "airport" establishment when this type of quality is usually not the case: Friendly staff, bright and fresh salad with plenty of ingredients, great wine!Too bad there isn't one of these in Terminal 4 or Terminal 2 :(
4	I didn't expect much for this spot being in the airport, but I was pleasantly surprised! I ordered the veggie burger with sweet potato fries.  The food was good and packaged nicely to go with all the fixins.  Furthermore, the portions are large and the employees are friendly.
5	Best value I've had at an airport...the breakfast tacos were really good...I can't stand airport food and almost didn't buy but I think because it's a smaller restaurant they may work a little harder at quality than others. The five star is not because it's five star dining...it's because the value is five star worthy and the food is actually pretty good.
5	I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PLACE! This is a very small restaurant with fantastic food. The chipotle burger is to die for, it has a nice southwest kick that reminds me of my younger years in New Mexico. My kids loved the chicken tenders with the spicy bbq sauce. Even though our flight was delayed 3 hours, I didn't mind watching the game at the bar, everyone is very friendly. I would go back here in a heartbeat if the airline wasn't so awful.
2	I ate lunch at the terminal 2 location. I ordered the bacon cheddar burger and it came with a 2-inch piece of bacon and invisible cheese that the waitress swore was there. You definitely don't get what you pay for here.
1	Good heavens, it's a holiday weekend and both the service and the food are atrocious. At least three tables have had to have their food packaged to go because of the wait. Wendy's is a better bet if you are in terminal 2 at PHX.
