3	Creative name, but I don't think that it really lived up to it.  I was overcome with the strong smells of meat when I stepped inside this small deli/marketplace.  The brothers behind the counter were very pleasant and I loved the bright colors that decorated the place.  Of course Dali paintings were everywhere: the dining area, the deli, and even the bathroom.  I thought that they overpriced for everything, and my friend that doesn't drink alcohol didn't have many options to expend at all.  I might just pass on by the next time I am in this district.
4	I'd give this place three stars just for the name. I also very much enjoy the veggie options and several of their salads. Everything is always fresh, service is fast, and it's just great to be in NoDa. I've never had to wait for more than 1 or 2 people in line in front of me, so it's a good spot to grab lunch when you're working. I like to eat-in, as the deli itself is pretty cute, combining kitsch with down-home in a way that seems peculiarly Charlottean to me.It's cute and bright inside, and there's lots of seating. There are a couple of televisions in the little dining area up front, so it's nice to sit there and watch the news with the folks who work there.Sometimes, there's an interesting lady out front selling jewelry. I'm not sure if she's a permanent fixture, but she's kind of fun.
4	I have to do an update, I felt like I was kind of unfair to the deli before.  I came during slow hours and the crowd was not feeling the action.  Well I was walking around after the art crawl yesterday, and I heard some pretty good tunes coming from around the corner.  I had no idea that the deli had live music, but there was a good crowd scattered outside.  My friends and I stepped inside to grab a couple of beers and enjoy the music.  We walked outside to see a man juggling fire across the way from the band.  He was pretty amazing, but he looked like he could have been a recovering arsonist.  Anyways, the band was a mash-up of seven different bands combined together to form what the owner, Stewart, calls Crawl Jam.  It is a completely improv. performance, and it includes several MCs, percussionists, and guitar players.  Stewart is also throwing an anti-Oktoberfest on November 7th with eight local bands and about thirty breweries.  Twenty five bucks isn't bad when you get to indulge in so much music and good beer.  Didn't mean to jump the gun on the last review, Salvador Deli has got it going on.
4	Salvador Deli is a fun hotspot during NoDa gallery crawls. I'm sometimes turned off by the jam band outside though (well, depending on the quality of the jam band on the given night). The other night we headed to Salvador Deli for a few beers outside. There was a non-stop drum circle, which created a fun atmosphere. Then some girls showed with hula hoops and were kind of performing. It was very NoDa, very much how gallery crawls are supposed to be. Plus, the deli has a good selection of single beers and freshly made sandwiches.
4	Art Crawl nights are awesome here...great live music, awesome crowd and really good food. We went in for some late night grub and the band was still outside playing at 1 and everyone was hanging out. overall a really fun place!
5	The Salvador Deli is a great place to grab a sandwich or a six-pack of beer. The sandwiches are all handmade to order and the veggies are all super fresh. They've got six-packs of all kinds of beer, from Miller Lite to niche microbrews.
5	Good sandwiches, nothing amazing, but great beer and nightlife.  All kinds of music on Friday nights when the weather is nice.  Grad a six pack, sit on a couch and catch a show.  Oh yeah, cool Salvador Dali decor.
4	Has great personality.
5	A great place to hang out on a Friday night with bands playing outside, good beers and cheap food in the deli
3	Salvador Deli is a NoDa staple at this point-it has a character and funny name like most establishment, a dive-bar feel, and some unique items in the deli and beverage selection.I've been on several occasions and have recieved hit-or-miss service and food.  I've been around 9 PM (which is early for NoDa) and they had already turned off the soda machine.  On another occasion, the counter staff were pretty curt.  Maybe they had a bad day or something....  But, I have also gotten service that was really good; smirky, NoDa-ish counter staff and an AMAZING cuban sandwhich.  The bread was fresh, perfectly toasted, with pickles, banana peppers, ham, and cheese.  Whoa!I agree with Annie W. that this a good place to people watch..  Salvador Deli is a nice place to 'launch' your night in NoDA, just don't expect too much if you go late at night or when they are packed.  The service suffers at those times.  Otherwise, its a good place to grab a good sammie with other cash-strapped hipsters.  HELPFUL TIP:  They do not process debit cards on orders less than $6.
4	I love this place. No really, I do. Where else can you find great (free) music most weekends, fantastic sandwiches, good beer selection, and friendly folks in one place?? I frequent the deli most weekends as I live very close, it has a great chill atmosphere. Love meeting new people (& dogs), while enjoying the general ambiance of the neighborhood. Grabbing a 6 pack and hanging out on a couch or whatever other setup they have on the patio is a lot of fun. Always love seeing the reactions of people when I say I hung out at "the deli" Friday night. "You chill at a deli??" with a crazy lookThis is no ordinary deli. Check it out.
4	FYI- BACK OPENI wasn't able to try the food and see if there were any big changes. I used to love it and the live music! Hopefully that will stay the same.
2	Bottom line --- Overpriced, mediocre sandwiches. Service moved at a snail's pace with only 2 customers ahead of me. I ordered the Johnny and the Buffalo Blazin' Chicken. Both came on a focaccia bread that gave me lock jaw. I am back on the saddle, on the look out for a NoDa restaurant I can endorse.
3	Salvador Deli has new ownership and, sadly, it just isn't what it used to be. Nothing major has changed, but all the little details that take a sandwich place from "adequate" to "amazing" are now gone. The veggies aren't as fresh, the panini aren't as hot, and the beer selection isn't as vast.
4	I would give this 5-stars during a concert, 3-stars otherwise... averaging out to a 4 star finish.The sandwiches are decent at best, but their beer selection is pretty solid. I came with friends and easily rocked the build-your-own-6-pack-and-save-10% deal, ending up with an eclectic six pack ranging from Sapporo to Highland Gaelic Ale.I then took said pack outside and enjoyed an excellent performance of electric noises, bongos, and bass guitar. I suggest paying this place a visit, but timing is key.
