5	A little bit off the beatin path but worth it.  The 1/2 char broiled Angus burger is great. They cook the burger to your preference and it turns out better than expected.  I got the burger on a sesame seed bun and all the toppings.  I added "Maytag blue cheese and bacon for something different and wow, what a taste.  The fries and onion strings come in a minature fry basket which looks cool too.  For dessert, get the deep fried twinkie, if you dare, ha.  I also tried the giant bacon wrapped dog and the house chili and I have to tell ya, for casino food, I was impressed.
4	The veggie burger is delicious! The fries were average. The staff were friendly. We liked the ambiance for the most part, but wish it wasn't so smokey. Big flat screens on walls and large booths to sit in. Nice and comfortable place for near-by locals. We'll definitely be back for more veggie burgers! Above average food.
5	Lots of food for a cheap price. I live around the corner and always have been enticed by the cheap breakfast billboards. I headed over with my friend, but sadly breakfast ends at 1pm (how dare they!). Had the lunch special= hamburger, fries all for around $5. Very fresh and very delicious.This last time I had the foot long hotdog....yes, I was embarrassed when it came out....it's THAT big.You order your food first and then they bring it out to you. From noon to 5pm they have happy hour on beer ($1.75). Life doesn't get any better!
5	OMG!  My boss took me here for lunch.  You order and pay for your order 1st.  The hamburgers were to die for.  The fries were very good and flavorful.  Fried twinkee is what we got for dessert.  I loved the whole meal and will bring family and friends back for sure.  I will take pictures next time so you can see how much you get for your money.  You will NOT be disapointed.
4	This place really surprised me.  My friends wanted to come here for lunch and I was very reluctant. But after some convincing I came here and joined them. I am glad that I did this place is amazing! The service is great and the food is even better. Defiantly the best $5 dollar burger in town.
5	Great place to eat at a reasonable price. I love this place. Very friendly people.A good place to meet with friends.
2	Ive only been once so my review is only based off this one experience and the Chicken Wings I ordered.  I came here with my family because it's close by my house and I seen there were pretty good reviews on Yelp.  Being a casino based resturant/grill I expected that the prices would be pretty good; however compared to other casino resturants in Henderson I was immedietly dissapointed with the prices.  Not that they were extremely high, but they were higher than I expected.  For around 6-7 I could get a great burger/fries at the RainbowClub whereas here it would cost about 9-10.  I went with Chicken Wings, Fries, ranch and a drink because wings are generally one of my favorite meals to eat.  They only had a few sauce choices to choose from so I chose the hot.  They were good wings, but nothing great at all.  Basically the same run of the mill sort of wings that anyone could make themselves.  The size of the wings was about average maybe even slightly below.  The fries and ranch were good.  This place is wierd in my opinion because you order at a counter before you sit down, almost like a fast food resturant.  They give you a cup and you get your own soda which I actually like, but I though that was unusual for a casino resturant of any kind.  My wife ordered a burger which she said was good, but it looked a bit small compared to the price.  I believe during this time of night there was only one server, but she did pretty well checking in on us but really with us getting our own drinks there wasn't much for her to do other than bring food.  Overall it just wasn't what I was expecting, with all the higher review scores I expected better food at a lower cost.  With all the money being made of gambling in the casino, I expected the prices for food to be better but that just wasn't the case.  I may give this place a try again in the future but not likely for at least a few months or so.
1	This place smells so bad like cigarette smoke we should have walked out right away. However we decided to stay and sat ourselves by the kitchen to mask the smoke smell. The cashier had a very hard time with our order and we took it straight from the menu. We didn't have anything strange just straight off the menu. The cashier also made a comment where we could tip her? Tipping before service is a strange policy and we would have tipped had the service warranted a tip.  We got our drinks and sat down. Then the wait began.  After 45 minutes we went to ask about our food they said they'd check.  Then the came back with out appetizer. It was cold.  We waited another 15 minutes and asked about our food again.  They said they weren't sure.  The same thing was happening to two other tables I might add.  At an hour and 15 minutes we asked for a refund.  I won't be back Wildfire.  Diner beware.
4	Sometimes you crave a good juicy hamburger, cooked to order, with a nice selection of toppings for it. Or you want wings and don't want to deal with the drama and bad service of the wing place with a Buffalo logo a couple of miles away. Wild Grill will take care of that craving and for a good price to boot. It seems like I'm here at least once a week to grab an order to go. Wait times during the week can be as little as 15 minutes but if they're slammed you can expect 25 minutes, sometimes longer. I don't mind that as they have plenty of TV's to watch, and if you want to bet at the Sports Book while waiting it's literally a couple of steps away. My feet and my wallet keep coming back here time and time again so even if I make a snarky comment with the Yelp app about waiting, if it really sucked I wouldn't be back so much. (They have meatloaf on Thursdays. That's not my thing but a lot of people I know seem to like it...I thought it would be worth mentioning it).
4	I always come here when I'm too lazy to cook and I usually get the wings! They're a good size for a good price! I wish they had more sauces and flavors. Garlic Parmesan would be good :D the prices are steals. There's especially good deals for station card holders. Today I God the chicken salad, Looks delicious! :D
