5	I've been coming to this salon for about 8 years now and have never had an issue.  I have to suggest my own hairdresser JoJo, who does a fantastic job working with my curly hair.  It's always nice to chat and joke around with her while you're getting beautified!Other services I've had done are nails and waxing, which have also been a great experience.  A Brazilian wax may never be a comfortable thing to go through, but I've been seeing Amy and she has always tried to make ripping out hair as painless as possible:)All the people who work there are incredibly friendly, and make you feel very comfortable while you're there....even offering up the owners homemade red wine to sip while they style!
4	After years of hoping from one hair salon to the next, I finally settled on Cardamone's. This salon caters to customers of all ages and types from Downtown businessmen to students at the nearby Point Park University. The styling tools and products are top of the line and always leave my hair with a beautiful finish. The staff are very friendly, especially my stylist Marisa.
1	I'd had a nail appointment set for several weeks - a first time customer.  Less than an hour before the appointment I got a call canceling it.  Not from the owner apologizing for the cancellation or trying to correct the situation somehow, but from the nail tech.  She told me the owner insisted that SHE call her clients herself to tell them she had "personal problems" that day and couldn't make it.  Wow.  The lack of professionalism astounded me.  On the positive side, I'm glad I had the experience BEFORE what may have been the worst nail experience of my life.  Imagine how the "personal problems" may have affected the work.  I called the salon to let them know of my disappointment in being left high and dry.  They simply didn't care.  They lost a customer....not just for nails, but for all the other services they offer.  Not the best way to run a "service" business!
4	I went to JoJo several times for haircuts and was always happy with the cut.  The main reason I switched to another salon was cost.  Cardamone's is pricey at $60 a pop with JoJo.I'm deducting a star because my cuts should have been $40 with the student discount.  The first few times I had my hair cut there as an undergrad, I didn't get the discount because I wasn't aware...And we talked about school.  According to the receptionist when I later complained, I wasn't given it because I didn't ask.  I felt that if the hairdresser knew I was a student, then then she should have told me or the receptionist about my student discount.  That's just good service.  On top of that, the second time I came in after I knew about the discount was on the morning of my graduation, and I was told that I could not given the student discount on that since I had graduated already.  Give me a break.  Funny how my discussion with the hairdresser was relayed to the receptionist when it favored the salon.  I didn't go back after that one.  Watch your bills carefully here, and I would even get a quote BEFORE your cut.
5	I have had several negative experiences trying to find a good salon in the last year. Today I finally found a wonderful salon with an excellent stylist. Emily was very professional and friendly while highlighting and coloring my hair. She listened to exactly what I wanted and really did a fantastic job. I am very appreciative to her hard work and would definitely recommend this salon to everyone!
5	If you want a hairstyle that doesn't make you look like you're a yinzer this is the only place in Pittsburgh to go. So go there. Emily is great.
1	Worst Brazilian wax I have ever gotten. Extremely Painful and inefficient, still had a red welt 3 days later. She also used the same stick the entire time which is not sanitary. Eyebrow waxing is significantly overpriced at $18. Do not go here for waxing!
