5	Lost and Found located in the Kierland/Scottsdale Airpark area of Scottsdale has such a great vibe! If there is something unique you are looking for this is the place to go! The website shows lots of items for sale in a gallery, but the place is so big and there are way more items in the store than in the gallery. Jill, the owner has so much new stuff in and out of there that you can come in every weekend and see new and exciting stuff for sale.
5	The Lost + Found Interiors is a great place to find one of a kind home interiors. Jill, the owner, has a great eye and puts the items together in a way that you could really imagine them in your home. I love a the unique pieces and eclectic feel. My house has that modern traditional feel and I love to check into this store regularly to see what I can add to my homes interior mix. Definitely a must shop if you are looking to update your home.
5	OMG!  You have GOT to shop here!  This is resale at it's best!   The store is beautiful, with uniquely displayed furniture & accessories in a huge area!  You can spend a wonderful hour looking for that perfect piece to bring home.  The nice thing is that the owner brings new stuff in almost every day, so there's always some current, midcentury or antique things to buy.  I've never met her (name must be Jill - ha!) but she has great taste!  Here's the deal though... buy it when you see it, because someone else'll come along & get it if you hesitate too long.  That happened to me & I learned my lesson!  Seriously cool stuff and some terrific deals, no kidding!!
5	Lost & found is great for both buyers and sellers! They are a pleasure to do business with and we will continue to do so. If you are changing your decor, let them help sell your nice pieces and show you something new!
5	Love this place. They have great items at a great price and the customer service is topnotch! I bought a couple big pieces and they were so nice to help me get them into my car. Can't wait to go back. I'm officially addicted
5	Love Lost & Found and Jill. We were weary after spending way too much time spinning our wheels in the Bermuda Triangle of Furniture Consignment Stores, the Lands of Ahhs (or, as I came to think of it, "Aws." As in multiple, persistent disappointments). Jill, who is in business to do business (what a concept!), made us feel right at home and sold us an entire bedroom suite in excellent condition. It was such a pleasant contrast to our earlier, bad experience that we knew we could never go back. Jill was so helpful that she pointed us in the direction of some of her competitors to help us find what we were looking for. What a gal! She's even going to consign to sell some of our things that we can no longer use. Lost & Found is a first class operation. I highly recommend this place. Highly.
5	Fabulous place. Very high end furnishing from around the world in perfect condition. The owner Jill hand selects everything very carefully to give you a one of a kind shopping experience like no other. There are also a ton of small home furnishings and accessories for purchase that will catch your eye. I would highly recommend this place. A jewelry box found there was absolutely stunning and simply delightful. It was a perfect addition to my home and has now kept my jewels organized and tidy. The furnishings are stunning and the pieces are in pristine condition so if you need something absolutely fantastic and one of kind, this is the place you need to go to.
4	Wonderful  place to look for upscale pieces.  The staffs were caring  and I would recommend this  shop for buying and selling
1	Beware Scam outfit if you are selling furniture to them.  Owner Jill was interested in my daughter's bedroom set.  I sent many photos and listing from CL.  I described some marks /swirls on dresser.  Jill offered $600 for set upfront and arranged movers to come for items.  Movers were supposed to bring check. When movers came, immediately they started taking photos of swirl marks and trying to find more wrong with set but nothing was said.  They moved all items onto the truck then called Jill.  At this point, I was told movers didn't have a check from the start and she would only take the items on consignment. She starting making a big deal about an item which was shown and listed in photos.  THE MOVERS NEVER HAD A CHECK TO BUY ITEMS -   I had movers bring items back into house.  BEWARE - scammers.
5	Love this place! I have purchased several wonderful items from Lost and Found. The people could not be nicer or more accomodating. I will frequent this store each week as things change often. You will not be disappointed in the items or the people that work in the store! I bought a beautiful chest there recently for my master bedroom and I absolutely love it. It is honestly one of the prettiest pieces in my home. Lost and Found has many wonderful treasures to be found! I can't be in the area without going in! You will love it!
