5	I've been here severa times in the last month it seems, and the employees here rock! it all started when i purchased a 20 " Hot Rod. after riding a friend's and falling in love, over breakfast at Harlow's (across the street) the next day, i made one of the best impulse purchases ever after learning that their moving sale would knock about $30 off.they have one of the biggest selections of cruisers in tempe, so if you're on the market for one and not sure exactly what you want, this is an excellent place to get an idea what styles are out there (and if you decide to buy, go before the end of the month and take advantage of their relocation sales).the last cruiser i purchased before the Hot Rod was from Earnhardt Schwinn across the street years ago, and Tempe Bike crushes those guys when it come to customer service/basic coolness. I remember ES having  that, 'if you're not an uber bike enthusiast then we treat you like an idiot or not worth the time' attitude, and when i returned last weekend to check out their stock on banana seats i got the same vibe.I was just in tempe bike yesterday to drop off a vintage frame i acquired and wanted to get in working order. being simply an appreciator and not an expert, i braced for any snobbery and instead was greeted with a passionate employee who gushed over the chance to work with such a cool frame. i was more than happy to leave my newest love in the hands of someone as excited about this bike as i was. plus, when i called to compare prices on a clean/tune up, ES wanted $37 while Tempe Bike was only $30. and despite telling the guy at ES it was a cruiser that needed service, he justified the price by saying they do a full brake valve and gear shift check.... when i pointed out again that it's a cruiser with coaster brakes and no gears, he didn't really have much to say by way of convincing me to take it there instead. all of the sudden i felt like i was in for an oil change and being dragged out to get the spiel on air filters, etc. bottom line, ES was unfriendly and i distinctly felt they were attempting to take advantage... but they did have two rad things tempe bike did not: I heart my bike bells in a rainbow of colors (TB only stocks white and metal) and an all-black schwinn cruiser - like ALL black, down to black rims, all black tires and dark gray writing. though i'm sure TB would order any of those items.
1	I went to Tempe Bicycle @ 405 W. University and I was the worst experience in a bicycle shop that I have ever had.I went looking for a tune-up on my bike, left it with them came back the next day and they hadn't done anything to it and hadn't mentioned any suggestion on how to improve my shifting problems with my bicycle.I felt like they handled me like a cow in a heard and it wasn't even busy being summer (may 21st 2008)The other thing that I should mention is that my bike seat was stolen and the wanted to charge me 10 for a bolt to replace my quick release bolt. That's TEN DOLLARS for a bolt....these guys are no good crooks and don't deserve your business...I learned my lesson and called around for referrals after that and found tow places that I would trust in Tempe.Ehrhardt's Schwinn Bike (50 years in business)111 West University Dr. Tempe, AZ480-967-2137and Domenic's CyclingThey recently moved so I would call: 480-967-7700
2	You know, I want to support my LBS. I really do. But Tempe Bicycle has left me with a bad taste in my mouth time after time. First - Their part selection is awful. Don't go there looking for a specific part because you won't find it. Tempe Bicycle stocks only the lousiest, no name parts they can find and then mark them up 33% or more above what you would reasonably expect to pay anywhere else. Sometimes I'm amazed they even carry the crap they do. I don't know where they find it. Even little things they sell like bicycle racks and saddles are of unusually low quality. It's freaking sad. Once my poor girlfriend went in there and they charged her 40 bucks for this awful, generic rack that I could barely get onto the front of her bike. I would expect to find something like that at Walmart! When I found out how much she paid for it I really felt bad for her!Second - They are outrageously stingy. For example, once I was looking for a set of handlebars for a project bike. I went to the back and I found a rack of oddball used and overstock. My friend was on a budget and he didn't have much to spend. I saw what I thought would be a great pair. They were some very generic handlebars that were very scratched up and had clearly come off of some used bicycle. They had the brand name KHS stamped on them so they were certainly a take off of a stock bike they had sold previously. I picked them up and they weighed a ton. They were perfect. They couldn't possibly cost much. I turned them over looking for a price tag and what did I see? 58 dollars! When I brought them to the counter and asked the woman there if she would sell them to me for a little less she snapped at me, insisting that the "price was fair!". Needless to say the handlebars are still there.Third - If you're looking for actual competent advice there are only a few employees there I would trust. The rest of them are inexperienced and dismissive. For example, once I was building a fixed gear bicycle for a friend of a friend. He had bought all the parts he needed except for a lockring for the rear hub. It was late. Tempe Bicycle was the only shop open and I reluctantly decided to go. The same woman I mentioned above was working again. I should have walked out then. I asked her for a lockring and she came back out with some flimsy part that was clearly not a lockring for a fixed gear hub. When I told her it didn't look right she got rude with me and told me that "It wasn't meant to be a lockring but it'd fit just fine." I grumbled but agreed to buy the 4 dollar thing. Well, I rode all the way home and guess what? It didn't fit at all. There isn't a hub in the world that thing would have fit. I think it was actually a lockring for an old, long obsolete bottom bracket assembly. Not only was this advice a waste of my time but it was also ridiculously unsafe as well. Keep in mind this is only one occasion of bad service advice. I've had to correct their technicians at least three times that I can think of off the top of my head. The lockring incident above is one. Once some guy tried to sell me the wrong size tubes. I had to look the tires up online and prove him wrong before he'd sell me the right ones. And another time a friend was sold a 700c rear rim, a 27 inch front rim, and two 700c tires. Anyway, there are some good things worth mentioning. They have a good selection of inexpensive cruisers for the college kids. Their selection of mountain and road bikes is okay. They carry KHS, Haro, Trek, Masi and a few other brands. If you're looking to just throw down on a brand new bike you might get a decent deal. There are a few guys there who are great. Joe Easy is a good mechanic and nice guy. There is this one jolly fellow with a thick Mexican accent who works at the University location during the week who is a fantastic mechanic and a wonderful ray of sunshine. His young son comes to work with him sometimes and it's really cute.But, as a general rule, Tempe bicycle is run by unmannerly crap peddlers who couldn't care less about the bikes they sell or the community they sell them to. All they care about is selling their cheap garbage at the highest mark-up possible. 90% of their employees are rude beyond acceptable and interacting with them will probably just make you feel sad and awkward. Personally, I'm sick of this place. I'm restricting my purchases from them to inner tubes only.
4	I get my bike serviced here when I need anything, which is mostly tubes and accessories.  I ended up buying my bike from the other location, which has a better selection, but this location is convenient and rarely busy like the other.The staff is helpful but a bit gruff, not really complaining though because I am happy they are confident in their knowledge.  All in all, good service, good sales and they give a 10% discount to ASU students.
1	Twice they used or gave me a schrader tube when I wanted a presta tube. Will not be back.
5	I had a great experience here. I just moved to Tempe and had read the reviews about this place. So I took my Craigslist purchased 70s Schwinn for some cleaning up---new brake pads, cables, handlebar raising--and what nice people!! From the lady, I think she's the owner, to the mechanics, just great service!! The lady even called to the other store and waited very patiently for them to check stock of a particular basket that I wanted. They didn't have it, but I really appreciated her patience and interest in me/my bike. I'll go again for any of my bicycle needs.
4	Hell yeah! Ron is the man....he is mega dope n' shit.
4	Was happy with the service at TB, it was busy with bike repairs and shoppers. The bicycle selection was massive. We were looking for a crusier and ended up with a hotrod. It was nice to see a large selection of crusiers along with sone vintage bikes.The customer service was good and friendly. Went back 4 days later and bought another bike!!!
2	So I moved here a few weeks ago, and was looking for a new shop to get service at etc.....Ended up going to the location on university and to be honest at first the service seemed pretty good, however after talking to them a bit more the staff I spoke with just weren't knowledgable, and were pretty cocky to boot (I am no elitist, just a novice biker who like to have some fun).  Bottom Line is if you want an over priced cruiser or road bike this is the place to go...I for one wont be dropping another dollar here.....For the money there are much better shops in town try Kore Bikes on Scottsdale RD....you will be glad you did.
3	generally i do not take my bike into the shop for repairsfor the most part these can be done at home or down the street @ bike saviours for pennys on the $and in no way would i advise any to buy a bike from a bike storeHOWEVERi realize many folks do not know how to work on their bicycles, and it is for you unlucky ignorant and blissfull riders that i writeThis Tempe Bike location is great, plus you can grab a slice of pizza next door while you waitthe staff is very friendly and helpful, and wont condescend to you should you know next to zero about bicycleswhenever my ex gf thrashed her fancy fixed gear and needed a new tube or wheel or any little tweak done really they treated her fair and kind. I liked the little australian dude that worked here, but apparently he moved. i actually found out later that he was next door neighbor to one of my good friends, small world.Tempe Bikes is fast, friendly, and reliable.
3	I will certainly admit that they do good work. With that said, they charge $6 for ANY and EVERY adjustment, even if that is just tightening a nut. Also, they are a bit pretentious. I like a bike shop that makes you feel welcomed, that chat with you, and is kind and chill. If you don't really care about any of that and just want your bike fixed well for an above average price, then have at it.
4	The biggest problem that I have when I need to take my bike to a shop to have something fixed is that bicycle enthusiasts are, for the most part, incredible douche bags.  I apologize in advance if you are someone who wears skin tight shorts with a padded ass and a colorful shirt adorned with fifteen different product logos.Sometimes when you take your bike to a shop to get new chain put on, flat tire fixed or something else along those lines, the people working there will treat you like you just crawled into the store on your hands and knees and promptly crapped yourself before spouting off some nonsense about needing your bike fixed.Or, worse yet, sometimes they will act like the bicycle had only been invented with their prior approval.  They are the people who know bikes.  You think you know bikes?  You don't know shit.  These guys know what they're doing.  But, when you take your bike in to have little metal piece on your bicycle seat fixed, they'll fuck it up even worse than what you had it before and shrug it off with an attitude that says, "Well, shit, you should've bought the $600 seat if you wanted me to fix it up.  My fingers were made for the finest gold."Tempe Bicycle throws that pretense out the window.  They are incredibly professional and courteous even when they're busy beyond belief.  When you come in and you need to have them fix something they will deal it to you straight without suggesting that in order to be a true bicyclist, you need to dress like a fucking clown and mount up on a bike that costs more than a car.Even non-profit organizations can leave you groaning sometimes the way they treat everyone indifferently, but Tempe Bicycle, specifically this location (not so much the other one), they will get your job done very well.  Just recently I had them put some grips on my bike using their air gun, squirt some air into my tires and lube up the chain and they did it for free even after I offered to throw like five or ten bucks their way.Very professional and courteous.
5	It is rare that I rate a place based solely on customer service, but when the doors are locked and the employees (maybe the owner, not sure) are going home and they let you in the side door so you can change a flat on your bicycle, that is going above and beyond.Next time I am looking to buy a bike, or need service I cannot perform, this will be the shop I go to.Thanks guys!
5	This place just gets it. The older guy who runs the shop is the best, and goes above and beyond. I've only been in the shop twice, both for little odds and ends and it's a stark comparison between this shop and the Landis shop down the street.First visit I went in to buy a Clif Shot and the guy told me to go fill my camelback in the sink and offered to top off my tires since he knew I was on a really long 50+ mile ride. That was really awesome. Second visit I went in because I had repaired a flat with my Co2 and needed to buy a new spare tube for my pack and a new canister. He grabbed my bike and let all the Co2 out and topped it off with air, then adjusted my brake, then told me to fill my camelback up, and then helped me find a route to my destination in south chandler. This guy is a lesson in customer service for all of the arrogant bike shop employees out there, which is most bike shop employees.
1	"God is in the details". This applies to customer service as well especially when the customer is paying for the service. I had gone here to fit new pedals to my bike. I was particular in getting ones with reflectors on them. They cost me around $28. I fix up an appointment with them, give the bike on the agreed upon date and look to collect it at 6:00pm the same day as specified by the "bike specialists" in charge. When I return to collect it, I see my bike untouched. Seeing me the guy there gets to work on it. I understand these guys have a busy day and ask them if it would take long. Am told it will take 20 minutes. I tell them that I can come back in an hour's time and they are perfectly fine with it. I come back, the bike's in the same state. Even as a novice on bike repairs, I know that these guys are taking more time than required. The guy sees me, tries a wrench on the pedals and then complains that they are not coming out. A lubricant would need to be tried on it. I am irritated, and ask him if he would call me to let me know when the bike's done. He confirms, he will.I wait till the evening of the next day for a call. No sign of it. I finally give them a call, and they say the bike's ready. So I go to pick it up once again. The bike is ready. I check it out of the place and take it for a ride and the reflector on the pedal simply falls out.I take it back to them and the answer I get is "it is designed that way". Really? Designed to fall out? Was I told of this when I had chosen the pedals? Whatever level of expertise you may have in an area, your quality of service can be judged only from what you deliver to the customer. These guys first delay something that is downright simple, talk condescendingly and then don't give the required information to the customer. I wouldn't want to shop with these guys even if I get to know more about bikes some day. In retrospection, I know I could have done a lot of things differently like giving them a call before visiting the place...but that still is not an excuse to how these guys worked. Simply unprofessional is the word
4	This bike shop has a large selection of bikes. In my opinion, they have the best selection of different types of bikes and accessories. When I was looking to buy a bike, I searched all over town at many bike shops, sporting good stores, and even Target and Walmart. Some of the other bike shops were also called Tempe Bicycle and might all be owned by the same person. I felt this location was larger and had a few extra employees around to help out the rush of new college students to Tempe. I needed to buy locking lug nuts for my tires and they were out of stock, but an employee came over to help when I looked lost. He helped me find an alternative way to lock my tires. I would recommend buying a good U- lock and to be cautious of where you park your bike. My tires were stolen off of my bike at a light rail stop near campus. The employee that helped me said this is very common. This shop is some what on the more expensive side, but I feel that most bike shops in town were pricey.
5	My husband and I were in the market for some sweet cruisers.  Tempe Bicycle was out first stop, I fell in love with an adorable little number with green rims, and my husband found a couple he liked too.  The two fine gentlemen working were wonderful, answering any questions we had and allowing us to give the bikes a spin.  Since these types of bikes have a fairly hefty price tag we left to look at a couple of other shops before making our final decision. After visiting competitors it was clear that Tempe bike shop has the best selection and prices, we high tailed it back there and purchased our two bikes and accessories. Great price, Great bikes, Great customer service!
5	Last year my husband got a used handcycle as a present from a friend.  Take into consideration that this handcycle was about $3,500-$4,000 new and $1,500 used.  I went to a bicycle shop by my house which shall remain nameless.  One of the mechanics told me if I wanted them to put it together it would be around $500 and then the head mechanic came out and said he wouldn't do it.  He told me they're too complicated to put together, something about the gears being too hard to calibrate.  At this point I was near hysterics.  I don't know why UPS did this but when they took the bike apart to ship it they took EVERYTHING apart.  It was in a million pieces and I had no idea what to do with it.  He suggested I try Tempe Bicycle.  I went home and gave them a call.  The gentleman I spoke to on the phone was really nice and could tell I was upset so he tried to calm me down.  He told me it would be no problem and to bring it in.  I brought it in later that afternoon and not only did he said they could put it back together but quoted me a price of $70, AND he seemed really excited about it since he had never ridden one before.  He said he wanted to try it out!They called me the next day to come pick it up.  When I got there not only was it put together and in perfect working order but it ended up being cheaper than the quote, I think I paid $35-$40.  Everyone I spoke to there so was nice and so helpful, they even helped me jam the huge handcycle into my tiny Honda Civic!I'm now in the market to buy myself a new bicycle and even though it's a good 35 minute drive from my apartment Tempe Bicycle is where I plan to purchase it!
5	It's not always easy picking up a new hobby. Tempe Bicycle was really inviting and didn't make me feel dumb when I didn't even know what I really needed. Great place!
5	I recently surprised my husband with a cruiser bike which I purchased from the Rural rd location (I'll vent my frustrations on that locations review). When I needed help with a customer service issue, this location came through with flying colors. Not until I got the bike home did I notice some awful scratches in the black mat paint finish. The guys at this location offered to switch bikes for me, or what ended up working even better was to change the chain guard with another bike. I ended up purchasing a rack for the back as well and they installed it at no additional charge. I left there very satisfied with the customer service and they were great about helping me out. I think I'll take my needs to this location in the future.
4	I brought my beach cruiser in to this location to have it checked out after not riding the bike for months (maybe even a year). It turned out to only need air in the tires but I was pleasantly surprised with the speed of service I received. I rolled my bike in, waited for a few minutes, and stood watching while my bike was being looked at. I fully expected to pay for what I would call a "bike inspection" but as I pulled my wallet out, I was told there was no charge.Another thing to mention: the employee who I interacted with (don't remember his named) genuinely seemed to enjoy his job. To me that is a rare thing to come across these days and it made my experience even better while I was in the store.
5	Picking up my bike from technician, RENE.  Thought he would have to replace some expensive Ultegra gear shifts, but he just lubricated the levers and found they started functioning again.  Saved me $260.  There was no charge at all!!!   Although I spent a lot of money buying my road bike here,I feel I am saving with their great service.  Thank you Rene.  You have earned my trust
5	I go to Tempe Bikes for parts (I do my own repairs) and they are unfailingly knowledgeable and helpful.  They even put up with me when I am all grubby and grumpy because I realized half way through a repair that tool I own is for a different style of bike (or any number of other problems).  First class operation.
5	I have been going to Tempe Bicycle for all my bike repairs for about 6 months now, and they have the best bike service I have ever experienced. The staff is extremely helpful and friendly, they work quickly, and it's great to be recognized as a regular customer. I have purchased bikes off of Craigslist, and the staff has done a great job tuning them up and changing parts. They also get super creative with personalizing the bikes - for example, securing the seat so it does not get stolen :)    Their prices are affordable for college students, and they do a fantastic job. I wouldn't go anywhere else!
5	Had a great experience this past weekend when my husband and I purchased two new mountain bikes. Staff was friendly and very helpful! We love our new bikes and will definitely be referring this place to friends and family.
5	My husband and I take our bikes here every year for a quick tune up. The guys here are quick, inexpensive and professional. I've been to a few bike shops that are staffed by pretentious college kids and pushy salespeople. These guys don't care that I'm riding a crappy, cheap Schwinn. They're happy to tune it up and provide great service.
5	Needed to get fit and biking is the path I chose.  I went to the Hardy location first and went to a test ride.  Like a model, but Sean suggested I go to the Rural location and they might have something better suited to my wants.  When I got there I was assisted by a young lady (sorry name slipped memory) who found the model and arranged a test.  She then helped me get the best price.  The team quickly went over the bike to make sure it was ready to go.  Out the door I went.  Rode for about nine miles that afternoon.  Great service, and appreciated them listening to what I wanted rather that them pushing what they wanted to sell.
1	I have lived in the area for 7 years now and the closet bike sop is tempe bike, I get the worst service each time I go in and am surprised they have opened more shops with service this poor, well recently because of their faulty promises when ordering me a couple items I have decided to never use them again for even the smallest thing and places like this should be picketed because of their poor service and better than attitude. I would recommend everyone to support their other local bike shops that want your business.
2	They've just never been a bike store that is really pro cycling, I mean not really there for cyclists. Everything is an argument, the work they do sucks, they have cheap bikes that are better than department store shit, but only just better...
