1	The level of disgust I feel toward this place is hardly measurable.The inn-keeper was huffy when I inquired about their "no refunds after thirty minutes" policy. Wtf am I going to find in 30 minutes that's going to make me want my money back???I soon found out.Seminal-looking substance on the blanket in our first room... Roach in our second. Never again. I originally gave it two stars because they have free wifi, but thats barely enough to earn two, so i snatched it back. Ew.
2	Yikes! We won't be staying here again the next time we are in the Charlotte area. The man at the front desk was nice enough, but the entire experience didn't match up. The first night we were there, all the lights were off outside the hotel. People bumped around in their cars blasting music for a good part of the night. It is always a bad feling when you are afraid to fall asleep at a hotel because you hear crazy people outside.  :/ The next morning, we opened the cutains to find a group of sketchy-looking people hanging around a couple hundred feet away at a 'i-95 coach waiting area' (no idea what this was about). But, they definitely made us feel uncomfortable as they stared us down as we walked to our car. We debated on trying to get out of staying the second night, but decided it wasn't worth the trouble (the office had a sign posted saying there were no refunds after 10 mins of check in). We decided to rough it the second night. Upon leaving the hotel for the day, we finally saw in daylight that this definitely was not the posh side of Charlotte and there were some pretty scary folks running the streets. Anyway, so we returned to the hotel later that night and found our A/C cranked to 60 degrees. When getting into the shower to warm up, we found that the shampoo packets had been replaced by bar soap. (We'd forgotten shampoo, and had planned on using hotel shampoo!). OOPS! Bwah! So overall, not good. I'll give them an extra star for the front office guy, since he was TRYING, and just seemed like a nice man trying to make a living. For the whole experience though... bad, bad, bad!
2	It's old. Everything was pretty clean, except there was a chocolate smear on the sheet... sketchy. Really, it was a fine place to stay for the ridiculously low rate. Breakfast had been cleaned out before 8:30, so get up super early if you want more than white bread and OJ. We might come back if it's still cheap.
2	The place looks pretty legit online, but I soon found out that it was so so so different. The place is so old and run down, but honestly, what did I expect since it was so cheap? I thought everything was pretty clean to the eye, but no one really knows what is really there.I was pretty scared to stay there actually because I watch AMW and those creepy shows all the time and this place seemed to be the perfect place. Otherwise, the door was really thin and it seemed like everyone talking outside was inside or at least trying to get inside. I was honestly scared that someone would steal my rental car, but I was too afraid to look out the window because then someone would know I'm in the room and maybe kill me?The people at the front desk are super nice though so I feel bad writing this review, but this place could definitely use some renovations.
2	nice people but the place is prettt run down. There were waterspots throughout the sleeping area and bathroom. The shower went hot to cold to hot repeatedly and I was concerned that there may be mold in the bathroom. Definitely not staying there again.
1	For the love of god, don't stay at this hotel.... it was gross, old, and lots of shady ass people coming in and out of the hotel. My hubby booked this hotel after seeing good ratings on trip advisor (ALL LIES!!!) we thought, wow good reviews and very low rate, so we booked for two nights. We get to check in and already we see (probably a hooker and her dealer) arguing with the front desk people because they couldn't get a room and leave. Then my husband goes to check in and they ask for his id... here is when I should've said "hey- we should leave they are obviously running a criminal check or something on your id"----fyi, that is a bad sign for any hotel!!!But we drove a long way and needed a place to stay in Charlotte. We got into our room, gross and nasty. Mold in the bathroom, bedsheets smelled like smoke, and the door to our room had the wimpiest lock, and anyone could've broken in because the door barely closed all the way. Let me say we were so worried that we pushed a table against the door before we went to sleep- although major lack of sleep! People next door sounded like meth addicts up all night partying. We checked out right away in the morning. The hotel clerk said that they couldn't refund us for the extra night we already booked because we did it through trip advisor. Whatever, we just wanted to get the hell outta there, lesson learned and money wasted!Please don't stay here, I know it seems like a good deal online, but if you're going to stay in Charlotte- spend more money on a nicer hotel!
