3	A small place on Craig that always seems to be full of people - you have to walk in single file, between two lines of tables to get to the cash register. When my bf takes me here (almost once every visit - I love crepes), we usually end up having to make sure one of us grabs a table while the other orders. Upon placing the order, they give you a number, and the server will try to locate you when the food is ready. Kudos to their manuevering abilities.I've never had much occasion to interact with the servers, so I can't speak much to the service......but the crepes are pretty good. The savory as well as the sweet. I wish I'd get more of the sweet, but I somehow can't bring myself to have crepes for both my meal and my dessert - it adds up, and, no, they're not really inexpensive. To lessen the guilt, I'd have to make sure I get one of the sandwiches for the meal instead - which are also quite good, but, oh, it's so hard to choose when all you're craving is that crepe!
5	Excellent lunch and desert crepes in a fun atmosphere. Super tasty, but a bit pricey, and the place is usually quite crowded. As long as you're not in a hurry, this place is great! Try a cappuccino with your lunch!
3	This place only takes cash.  Thank goodness there's only a ton of ATMs on the Carnegie Mellon and U. Pitt campus.Cost:   ~ 7 dollars a crepe depending on what you getThe ordering process is similar to Panera, and La Madeline, where you order, grab a number, and sit down.  Someone will bring the food over and that will probably be the last time you see him/her.  From ordering to receiving food took about 5 minutes or so.Food Experience from beginning to end:I really loooove crepes, especially sweet crepes.  It's a bit past lunch time and I'm starving.  My sister and I walk in and there's a bunch of folks in there, talking and having a good time.  This place was happening!  This place isn't exactly big.  The seating area is pretty small but it was pretty cozy.  The atmosphere is pretty good as well.  When we walked in, we grabbed the last open table and it wasn't even peak dining time!  I can easily see this place get crowded during lunchtime.The menu has savory crepes and sweet crepes - savory being the an actual meal, and of course sweet is for dessert.  My sister and I wanted both for lunch so we ordered one of each and decided to split.  For the savory crepe, we tried out the breakfast crepe which contains sausage, egg and cheese.  It comes with a small spinach and mandarin orange salad on the side with a small container of oil and vinagrette dressing.  The salad is very good but also very small.  It's not really there as a side dish but as something there to complement the crepe.  The size of the crepe is not that big as well.  it measured probably 3in by 4 in.  The crepe itself was nothing to write home about.   It contained little salt which is great for me, but for salt lovers out there, this is not the crepe for you.As for the dessert crepe, I really wanted nutella with fresh strawberries and bananas.  Unfortunately, they don't serve that since they don't have fresh strawberries, just fresh bananas.  The only kind of berries they have is this compote that is super sugary.  Between the rich nutella spread and the berry compote, it was pretty sweet.  The crepe is topped with a generous portion of whipped cream.  The whip cream is actually not sweet at all.  I ate my crepe with the cream to balance out the sugar a bit.   In summary, I think this place is really cute for atmosphere and nice to have when you need a crepe fix.  It's really a nice place to hang out with friends and crepes are easily sharable.  I enjoyed my experience here but it doesn't make it on my "omg i must return to eat here" list for the next time I visit Pittsburgh.
4	The food is really really good.. they have a great selection of sweet and savory crepesThe place is cute.. really small.. and most tables are full whenever I get here.. But its really irritating that they don't accept credit cards.. I need to visit an ATM anytime I'm planning to dine at this place.
1	hardly authentic, the food is decent, the staff are rude and completely lacking knowledge of what exactly a real crepe is.  Actually the chef as well.
1	Crepes are overpriced and disgusting.  It was like $9 for a crepe that was filled with nothing.  Service was non-existant.
4	Crepes here are delicious, but it can be difficult to find a seat on a busy Sunday morning/afternoon.While I can't speak to the sweet crepes (I prefer savory), my ham and cheese crepe was delicious and the coffee was excellent, as well. I think that a frenchman would be pleased with what he found were he to visit.
5	Great place for breakfast/lunch. The crepes are great and the coffee is what you expect at an independent coffee house (excellent)!When in town I eat there at least once but, try to hit it twice. The atmosphere is great (good for all ages-- small children- business lunch- or to catch up with friends). Don't forget to take quarters for street parking. Pittsburgh has cash only parking meters. The meters on Craig St. have 1 hour max but, $0.25 does buy you half an hour.
5	I've started a sort of tradition where every time I want something sweet i go to Crepes Parisiennes, however I've always gone to the one off Walnut street, which I've rated four stars for it's great crepes, awesome ambiance, and great teas.  However, this location has excellent crepes, standard ambiance, and great teas.  The chef here makes a better crepe. Whether the air is drier or her grill is hotter, I'm not sure, but her crepes are crisp on the outside and not overcooked on the inside.  Not that the over location doesn't have the same qualities, but these were better. I get a butter and sugar crepe almost every time I go and when done right, which it almost always is, I go sleep dreaming about it.I'd also like to take a moment and say for the sake of both locations that I appreciate their commitment to rules and standards. There's a sign on the door that says "place your order before taking a seat."  I go quite frequently and it is still quite rare that I do not see someone attempt to break this rule and take a seat from someone in line. I appreciate the chefs, who I presume are the owners, diligence when it comes to removing these people from the seats they would have taken from people who follow the rules of a fairly standard polite society. Yes, sometimes those people get angry and leave in disgust that anyone would touch their things or ask them to be civil; but, I am here to confirm the suspicion that the people who frequent your restaurant appreciate your actions and return because of it. So thanks.Oh, and CASH ONLY.
5	My 5 stars are only for the SAVORY CREPES. I've never had savory crepes before this. Ever since trying Crepes Parisiennes, I've tried savory crepes at various places because I'm always hoping I can find a crepe place just as good as this place wherever I'm at, but they never live up to my expectations. Why? Because the savory crepes at Crepes Parisiennes are the best, hands down. My favorite is the ham and spinach with bechamel sauce. The bechamel sauce is freaking bomb. It's not only the ingredients they use, but the way they fry their crepes that make it oh-so-tasty. The crepe itself is very thin and fried to a light golden brown color with a hint of sweetness. I'm a damn slow eater, but i can devour this thing in 5 minutes. I've also tried their ham and cheese as well as salmon, both are pretty good. All the savory crepes come with a small portion of green salad with a lightly flavored vinaigrette sauce - tastes good. I'm not a fan of sweet crepes so I've never had any of them, but they are cheaper than the savory ones. I've also had their house coffee, french latte, and hot chocolate with steamed milk. They were all whatever. House coffee is probably the best bang for your bucks but can sometimes be sour. French latte was too dark and bitter for my liking, and the hot chocolate left a nasty after taste. I had to gargle my mouth with water a few times afterwards. When i think of savory crepes, i think of this place and this place only. Warning: Place is cash only which is a downside, but I'd make a trip to the ATM any day for this place.
5	Had an excellent Panini and salad.
3	The food is tasty. But the fact that they don't take credit cards and that coffee refills are not free will keep me from going to this place very often.
4	The food was extremely fresh and simple. I had a breakfast crepe with sausage, egg and cheese, with creme fraiche, which was delicious and incredibly filling. The side salad was a simply handful of mixed greens with a homemade and quite tasty champagne vinaigrette, and a few slices of tangerines (which should have been fresh but were canned). My mom had the same crepe, we split a soda and had a chocolate pastry, which was also wonderful. Our lunch came in just under $20. I would absolutely go again for another savory crepe, and to try anything with Nutella!
4	The food tastes very fresh, and the Savory Crepes really hit the spot on a Saturday morning. Sometimes difficult to find a seat.
3	This is a nice little neighborhood place that serves pretty tasty (albeit somewhat limited) options.  The crepes are good, though they best function as a light meal (if you come in really hungry, one crepe probably won't do the trick).  The sweet and savory crepes alike are well done and extremely consistent.  And the prices are reasonable.  It'd be nice if the hours were extended a bit (I'm not sure about the logic involved in closing at 5PM...it's hard to imagine the 4 to 5 hour being more profitable than 5 to 6 would be), so you pretty much have to come for brunch or lunch.There's only partial table service, and at peak hours it can get pretty crowded.If you're looking for a recommendation, my favorite crepe is the ham and cheese with bechamel sauce.
4	HOURS:    T-F: 9-5   S-Su: 10-4Thought it'd be smartest to first post the hours because they are a bit unconventional. They've eluded me a few times when I first heard about the place, somehow always at the times when I was most craving their crepes!!
5	The best crepes I've ever had. I have tried to find something that compares, but I can't and I don't know if I will. It can get pretty busy in here and often there can be a line, but it is worth the wait.Just as a note: When you go in, you should order first and then find a table. It often can be busy enough that all the tables are full at the moment you walk in. You should wait your turn and order at the counter. Once you have placed your order, take a seat. They will probably not let you order until an open table has popped up. Thus, if it is busy, don't be a jerk (whether you meant it or not) by grabbing a table as soon as you see it open up if you are waiting in line.Also, if I remember correctly, it is cash only.
4	Pretty good Crepes.I had Black Forest Crepes, which is Chocolate crepe topped with raspberries.They now have Liege waffle. Not bad but can't beat Waffalonia's.
5	These crepes are not crap.I tried the banana chocolate crepe and it was perfectly warm and delicious. I don't usually like fruit in my crepes (I like them strictly filled with sugars devoid of any redeeming qualities), but the combination they served up was just right!There's a lot of space, so you can chill with your homies for a while, which is nice.Also tried the croissants: not bad, but I would more likely go back from crepes as the name suggests.
3	Ehhh. Not much else really to say. It wasn't bad, wasn't great. My experience was just EH.
4	I go here for lunch every so often.  Its never packed to the max.  Just enough seats for everyone. It seems to have this weird balance of people coming in and out.  The first time I came here, I got a spinach, ham, and cheese crepe for my lunch and a nutella crepe for dessert.  It was good, but just a crepe.  My friend got the smoked salmon crepe with creme fraiche.  She said she doesn't usually like fish, but this was the only place she made an exception.  So with that compliment, I had to try the salmon on my next visit.  She was right.  It was wonderful.  I also found my sweet spot (pun intended) with the dessert crepe I like best.  White chocolate and banana!  Yum!  I'm not usually a person that orders the same thing every time I go somewhere.  But here.....I have my set list.  Play on.
5	This place rocks.
3	I've sampled a few different crepes, both sweet and savory, and I have to say I'm not that impressed. On my most recent trip I ordered a spinach and cheese which was bland and the crepe was a bit thick which gave it an unpleasant spongy consistency. The tiny side of fresh greens and vinaigrette was just as bland and the black forest crepe I ordered as 'dessert' was rich in bitterness. I would go back but it wouldn't be my idea.
5	The crepes here are AWESOME.  The place is pretty small so keep that in mind when going.  Also, you have to put in your order prior to sitting- some people try to do otherwise and save tables beforehand, which isn't allowed.Both the savory and sweet crepes here are good.  I usually go with someone and we both get savory crepes and share a sweet one as 'dessert'.  The mushroom, spinach, and cheese crepe with the house sauce my go-to choice.  For sweet, nutella and banana is always a safe default.  Hard to go wrong with nutella and anything!Oh, also note that they only take cash!
2	The crepes are almost pretty good, the coffee is pretty bad, and the people who work here actually go out of their way to be nasty. It has all the bad qualities of Paris with none of the good ones!
3	For every crepe place I've been to, I've always ordered the same thing: Nutella with strawberries. The problem was, the only solid strawberries they had were mixed with other berries, which upset me. Because I'm a fairly picky eater, i got a simple Nutella crepe. It was perfectly fine, and i borrowed a few strawberries from my friend, although the stipulations on the menu, once again, were a nuisance. Oh, and what is this... "Cash only" thing? I'm sure this loses them half of their potential Pitt student customers Otherwise, it was a delicious dessert that you can't go wrong with at all.
4	I like the extensive option of crepes fillings ranging from more hearty items such as eggs and sausage to different fruits and chocolates. I opted for the crepes filled with white chocolate and raspberries and really enjoyed the pairing. Next time, I'll probably choose to have the whipped cream and walnuts to add a bit more textural contrast.To summarize a few reoccurring comments from other reviews and from my personal experience: 1) Crepes Parisiennes has short hours, so you should check the hours before you go; 2) they accept cash only; 3) follow the simple rules.
5	Just had a savory crepe! I walked in a little late but the service accommodated me by taking my last order for their savory crepes which I greatly appreciated. I had a spinach egg and cheese with a creamy garlic sauce. It was just fabulous because the crepe was light, and the sauce was not too salty. Everything went so well and they served the spinach egg and cheese enclosed in the crepe in a folded thin square form. On the side was mixed greens with a side of dressing and oranges. I was very impressed with my experience. As I'm writing this review a jazzy French music is playing over my head as I watch a couple drink a delicately presented cappuccino. I highly recommend it. And the prices aren't even that bad!
4	Had brunch last Saturday there. The crepes are delicious. While there seemed some issue arranging the seats. We were asked to change seat twice.
5	Went here for lunch since it is near where I work in Oakland and I was pleasantly surprised.  It doesn't look like much from the outside and it's hard to see in from the small window and being raised up from the street so I wasn't sure what to expect.  It just seemed dark and small.  But when I went in it looked like a little French cafe with a decent amount of seating.  They have a really nice range of crepes, from savory to sweet, including some breakfast crepes with egg.  They also have some salads and paninis.  I had the ham, egg and cheese breakfast crepe with a bechamel sauce that came with a small side salad of spring greens and vinaigrette.  The coffee made from the espresso bar is also excellent.  It looked like they had free wifi and some people were there working on their laptops.  Seemed like a good place to either eat there or get a quick crepe to go.  Service (that you order at the counter) was quick and friendly.  Prices were very affordable. I'll definitely. go back.  Only drawback is hours are somewhat limited with them closing mid-afternoon.
4	Good walking distance from both CMU and UPitt.Lots of choices for sweet crepes. They have varieties of chocolates like white, dark, Belgian, hazelnut nutella, etc. as well as your standard fruits like strawberries, bananas, etc.I prefer their savory crepes over their sweet ones. You can choose from three different sauces: Bechamel, Creme Fraiche, and Garlic Olive Oil. They put the sauce on the side so the crepes don't get soggy. The savory crepes also come with a fresh salad with vinaigrette on the side.Crepes themselves are soft and more pancake-like than crisp, but the fillings are delicious.You would normally come here for crepes, but they have amazing paninis as well. Their turkey and avocado one is light but filling. Perfect for lunch. Only complaint is that they have the oddest hours. Stopped by many times to find that they are closed. Fortunately, Craig Street has many other lunch options. You can usually tell they're open when they put their sign out.
5	First I need to start off by saying that I have been wanting to go here for months and I was worried that I anticipated it too much and I wouldn't be as happy. No, I was completely satisfied! I loved everything from the coffee and crepes down to the music they were playing. The only thing that was slightly annoying was the fact that they don't accept cards, just cash. That was easily resolved since there is an atm right next door. It very easy to order, everything is right there in front of you on a big menu board. The waitress was very helpful as well. We ordered our food and sat down. They bring you everything when it's done.The room itself is very relaxing and is a place I could just sit and read all day (while eating crepes of course). I had gotten nutella and banana crepes. Can I just say that nutella is just amazing and I'm pretty sure it's just melted gold! So obviously it was delicious. I was pretty happy with the crepe size as well. I was expecting just two small crepes that had been rolled up. No, they give you this big crepe that's been folded over a couple times. My boyfriend's savory crepe came with a salad. His was also delicious, but of course mine was better.. nutella, duh. Oh and the coffee was great as well, I got the espresso and hot chocolate drink. Why is this the first time I've seen this? Though I think the espresso is still in my system after three days.Also the kitchen is an open kitchen and it was amazingly clean! I mean you would hope all restaurants you go to have clean kitchens, but that's not how it always is. I mean I felt like that was just a show kitchen and all the cooking was actually done in the back! We are actually going back again this week! I mean we have to try everything on the menu, that's the only fair way to judge a place! Maybe I should find a gym near by...
3	We tried the sandwiches and crepes they been good but didn't exited us like the tiny shop we found on a road trip to Annapolis ...  also the opening times are not as great.
5	Even with the strange hours this place deserves 5 stars. Only cash is accepted so be prepared but there is a atm right next door. Offerings range from sweet crepes, savory crepes, paninis and pastries. I've only had the black forest sweet crepe but I can't wait to try out everything else on the menu.It was the perfect size for one person and comes with whip cream and walnuts. I did expect the whip cream to be sweeter but it could of been the sweetness of the chocolate overshadowing that of the whip cream. The most outstanding part of the experience was the customer service. I came in 15 minutes before closing and the employees were just as accommodating and welcoming. I even overheard a customer come in asking for coffee and because they didn't have any left since they were about to close, they offered a free cup of tea. That's what I call impeccable service!
3	Decent food, though I was not blown away. I had the mushroom and cheese crepe, it was good, but a bit oily, and the feta, walnut and orange salad, with a garlic olive oil dressing, and it was bit bland. Overall OK for the price. The outdoor table was really nice. Annoying that they only take cash.
5	I have tried various crepes on the menu and have never come across anything that I don't like! The breakfast crepe and smoked salmon crepe are my two favorite savory crepes and my boyfriend and I always split a banana and nutella for dessert! It is a little pricey, but worth it. And luckily if you forgot to bring cash there are 3 or 4 major banks close by! I just wish they were open later!
4	Came in here for breakfast and the place was empty (probably since it was a weekday). Ordered the banana French toast crepe and the mushroom and cheese crepe. Servings were just nice. We didn't leave the place feeling too stuffed. My sweet crepe came with walnuts and fresh whipped cream which complimented my crepe perfectly and the entire combination wasn't too sweet. The savory crepe wasn't too cheesy and it came with a side of salad with a house dressing (red wine vinaggeraite). My friend opted out of the house dressing so they gave a side of olive oil instead. Remember, cash only.
4	I've been here once before, a while ago.  It's a cute place to have breakfast, lunch, or brunch during the weekend, specializing in crepes, as the name suggests.  I came for lunch on a Sat., and had a savory crepe with salmon, creme fraiche, and capers.  I recall it tasting fresh and delicious, though the specifics escape me since it's been awhile.  As a first-timer, I didn't have any problems with the service.  I enjoyed the atmosphere, which is bright, clean, and cozy.  I'd definitely like to come back to try a sweet crepe--if they were open during the evenings, I'd surely already have done this.  Their hours are 9am-5pm, which are a bit inconvenient during the week for those of us who work, esp. if we don't work nearby.  Cash only, but there's an ATM half a block away, on the corner of Craig and Fifth.  4.5 stars.
4	Crepes Parisiennes gives off a charming tiny European cafe feel, complete with winding railings and outside seating (one table - but still) and its interior decor. My favorite of their dishes is the salmon crepe with creme fraiche. All their savory crepes come with a salad, which has clementines and is topped with the most refreshing dressing I've ever had. It's a great place to have lunch or a coffee, but I wouldn't come here if you were in a rush. The service, in my experience, is nice but pretty slow. This, that they're cash only, and the fact that they close very early and stop serving savory crepes an hour before closing are the reasons that I don't come here as often as I might and why it loses a star for me.
5	We went for brunch at around 11:30 on a Saturday morning. There's a large menu up on the wall. You order at a counter, they bring the food out to your table. We ordered a turkey-avocado-tomato-cheese panini to share, then a nutella banana crepe for me, and a nutella crepe with berries for my husband. We also ordered a french hot chocolate each. The girl at the counter offered to bring out the panini first and the crepes later if we wanted, and so that's what we did. We got our hot chocolate first. It was rich and thick, but a little too bitter for my taste. My husband really enjoyed it, though. We were then brought the panini, which came with a side salad and some sort of vinaigrette dressing. The bread was thick and crusty, cheese perfectly melted, good portions of meat, and perfectly grilled. Around 10 mins after we finished our panini, the waitress brought us our crepes . Each one was filled with so much warm and melty nutella! Yummmm! They also came topped with walnuts and whipped cream. The crepes were thinner than those I had eaten at chain breakfast places. They were so good, we both wiped our plates clean. There's so many varieties to still try!The waitstaff was attentive and friendly, even though it was so crowded,  and there was a perpetual line at the counter from the time we came in to the time we left. We never felt rushed the entire time. As others have said, cash only, but there's an atm right next door.
4	Cash only, but a really nice relaxing place to have some tea of coffee...and of course a crepe. While I opted for a sweet treat my other half has the spinach. I almost with I had ordered what he had. There was nothing wrong with mine at all, just a little too sweet for the early hour. The spinach crepe was really light, and quite tasty. I think it was one of the best things I had tried on my trip. I would for sure come back here again, no complaints.
4	Cons: Not-so-friendly service and cash only. You don't spend much time with them anyways so it's not a big deal. Slightly expensive. The portion sizes are medium sized, so not a good place if you want some hefty pancake deliciousness-go to Pamela's instead.Pros: It's a cozy, quiet little book tucked into a scenic corner of South Craig. You come here for authentic French crepes, paninis, coffee and pastries. Their sweet crepes are delicious! Try the Belgian white chocolate or Nutella with bananas.
1	I was going to eat there. While I was choosing what to order, and after my wife had sat at the table, we were asked to leave the table for someone else.Meanwhile there were plenty of people sitting at their tables talking over empty plates. They have double standards. We left the place and are not thinking of going there anytime soon.
5	Really delicious crepes! Both savory and sweet crepes are nice. My friends and I all enjoyed them a lot! They also have a great selection of tea! Yum!
