5	Melissa did an absolutely fabulous job on putting together the most beautiful invitation, menus, and welcome packets for my out of town guests that included a custom map drawn by her husband Charlie, all at an extremely reasonable price. We picked invitations that needed to be assembled together and she did such a fantastic job! We received so many compliments from our guests and can't wait to recommend Posh Invitations to all of our friends.  We feel so lucky to have found Melissa because she was able to take all the stress off of us and put together everything we asked for and more.  I can't say enough great things!
1	I hired Posh to do my invitations for my wedding. Throughout the entire process, there was no communication between Melissa and I. My mother and I would call, email and text her and she never had the courtesy to return calls. I had no idea where we were in the process because she never kept me updated on anything! By the time she presented the finished product to me, she didn't even have the decency to do it herself. She dropped a bag into the mail slot of my wedding planner so my wedding planner could show it to me. It was December 9th when she was finally done. My wedding is January 11th! While reading the RSVP card it said to reply by December 10th. I was so upset because how could she miss this important detail? We had her reprint all of the RSVP cards with a later date. By the time I received the reprints and she mailed them out, it was nearly Christmas time. I had several calls from relatives and friends letting me know some of the invitations were missing RSVP cards and some people did not get an invitation at all! How is this possible? How can someone who has their own invitation business make such a mess of things!? The invitations were very nice I have to admit however, the customer centric part of Melissa was awful and I would not recommend any bride to experience what I have. The invitations were the most stressful part of this whole process for me. It should not have been this difficult. Please, take your business elsewhere.
1	Do not use this lady... She is not trustworthy. We were supposed to have invitations sent 6 weeks prior or the big day. We could not get a hold of her and when we did it was excuse after excuse. Finally the invites went out three weeks prior to wedding after several mistakes.
5	POSH invitations did an AMAZING job! I ordered my save the dates, invitations, table numbers, menus, and weekend itineraries from here. I was VERY pleased with the turn out of every last thing! Tami definitely exceeded my expectations! She kept me informed the entire time about my order. She consulted me and also used her own creativity to make suggestions. She even went as far as sending me an ETSY link for frames for my tables numbers when it had absolutely nothing to do to benefit her business. I didn't even have to go to her office to receive my order. She hand delivered my order near my house and came in hand with a bottle of champagne for me! This couldn't have been any nicer that day because I had last minute bride to be errands to run. I am so happy with her SUPER customer service. I know she will do great in this business and I HIGHLY suggest anyone looking for stationary to give POSH a try.
5	Posh Invitations is an excellent local company! You will get that special one on one attention from, Tami, business owner. What Bride wouldn't want this special attention for her special day? What parent wouldn't want this attention for their children's special events? You cannot go wrong with Posh Invitations!
