5	Great place to get your vehicle gas, car wash, and detailing. Once you pull in, your greeted by friendly and helpful guys that will help you with choosing the services needed for your vehicle needs. They also help with suggesting other services that might be needed to help maintain your vehicle with great discounts. It has always been a low pressure atmosphere, which I absolutely love about the place.My car was in desperate need of a wash and slight detailing, due to last week's Spring Training & St. Patrick's Day festivities. Let's just say my friends are lucky I love them and won't charge them for the detailing my car needed. I was trying to get the car washed and detailed in a timely manner because I had to get to work, but it did take longer than the suggested time. It was not too bad of a wait, because they have comfortably seating, TVs, and free wi-fi that allowed me to get some emails and work done as I waited. There is a a good variety of beverages and snacks, but they also have a Dunkin' Donuts inside. I did not have the opportunity to feast on donuts this time...trying to keep my girlish figure.Everytime I bring my vehicle in for a wash or detailing I usually have KILO assisting me and he is the BEST! He greets you with a big smile, he is friendly, courteous, and not too bad on the eyes. All the guys there bring the same welcoming feeling and are all great to work with as well.
3	Went for a express wash.  In and out in 10 mins or less.  Nothing special.
1	Ahhh never again!!! They fucked up my engine and left my seats wet!! On top of that they did a a terrible job on the wash and had to do it a 2nd time!! Never again!!! I will take my bussiness else where!!
4	So I went out with my mates the other night. Someone had to much to drink and lost it all over the passenger side of my new 2014! It was a nasty shade of red.Finally after letting it bake in the Arizona heat for a couple days I took it in for a cleaning.The guys at Super Star got it out in a snap.
2	Although the staff was friendly and they were very quick. I would have rather waited a little while longer and had them actually clean the car. I had some spilled soda on the driver side door panel and in the cup holder. They didn't even bother to clean it. Now I think I should have not left a tip. No wonder they have on 3 full stars on here.
2	Not impressed. Rear view mirrors still leaking water car still pretty dusty on inside windshield still had bugs:( it was quick but for the price I could have gone to Los olives
3	This is a carwash and a convenience store that also houses a Dunkin Donut. The staff is never in a rush to check someone out and they often converse among themselves with prolongs the checkout process.  The store is always clean and well stocked with my fav items. I have not tried out the carwash, but each time that I have come, they've always had a line.
1	I honestly wish you could give zero stars. DO NOT purchase a monthly car wash from this company. My son has literally been trying to cancel it for months.  We went in the first time and cancelled. Went the next time and got documentation of the cancelation. Still being charged so finally had to have the bank get involved and pay for a stop payment. Its absurd how they handle this problem, I called corporate and they said he was still using the pass. That's pretty difficult when his trucks transmission is out. This is a complete scam.
1	Absolutely the biggest waste of time ever-- I could have done the work myself in an hour and forty-five minutes. That's how long I just waited for an EXTERIOR wash! The one star is for dunkin donuts. Don't waste your time here.
4	I took my ford focus to get the inside of my car cleaned. I got a good deal 99 bucks to do my whole inside. They said I'd get some free car washes and what not that I didn't actually get but I let it slide because my car was a hot mess and I was more pleased with their work than the spiffy extras. I've included some before and after shots that show the damage my dogs hair did to my cargo area and considering it I think they did a really nice job. All in all it took about four + hours but my car needed it. I dropped it a star only due to how much up selling that I was served. Literally everything said to me had an upsell for something they offered. You got to make sakes but it was over the top car salesman like. The car looks great though! Nice job!
3	Great location. Service could be overall better. Car wasn't as clean as it should be for the amount you pay for it. Slightly disappointed.
2	They did an OK job on my car. We got it detailed. But it took almost 2.5 hours when we were originally told 1, and they still left some stuff dirty. But I could tell they were working hard.
1	They charge 12.95 for a basic car wash, but they sure don't know what a car wash means. I  thought I was getting a great job done cause it took over 35 minutes, but I was wrong.    They did a poor job vacuuming(still have noticeable pieces on the carpet), and they didn't wipe down all surfaces, And they were not that busy. You would think when they are not busy they would do there best. They need to concentrate on clean as much as there sales people try to get you to up grade you level of car wash.
1	This is my first review I've ever posted on yelp or anywhere else. After purchasing an express wash and running my car through it there was still bird poop on the window even after the employee wiped  over it with the rag. I went back around for a rewash. I spoke with an employee near the vacuums and she said I needed manager approval to run the car through again. The manager finally makes his way over and says nothing can be done because I purchased an express wash. I told him that I'm a repeat customer who has purchased several details and other services over the years and  i just wanted the car run through again.None of this seemed to matter to the manager. He told me that the company would not allow him to wash the car again. Honestly the quality of their work has never been good but laziness on my part and the convenience of their location has kept bringing me back.  After the poor interaction with there manager I WILL NEVER GO THERE AGAIN! They have lost a long time customer and hopefully this review will steer other potential customers to bring there vehicles somewhere else.
