5	I am not feeling the greatest today so my friend brought over soup and sandwiches for lunch from TK cafe. I swear I already feel better. Tomato soup was delicious and the tuna sandwich was a perfect complement. Yummy! When I'm back to feeling like myself I look forward to heading over and eating at the cafe instead of my kitchen counter for the full experience.
3	I would usually give a cafe like this 4 stars, but I have a couple of issues. First, let me start by saying that the food is pretty good here. They always accommodate me when I order vanilla yogurt and granola as a side item. However; the coffee is extremely weak for what you get. It is watered down and they expect you to pay over $2 for a cup. I work in the building and it's hard to find many coffee places around the area. My 2nd problem is the wait! It takes forever for your food to come out of the kitchen. It wouldn't be such an issue if the 2 owners/managers were helping the staff rather than sitting in the middle of the cafe on their phones and laptops. It looks as if they don't care about the line and people waiting for their orders. It's not very professional to have your desk in the middle of the restaurant. Needless to say, I only go here if there are no other options available for me that day.
4	Since my last post I have see a great deal of effort come from the management to make the client experience a good one. Management no longer sit at customer tables and the guy who works the front is much more pleasant in the mornings when I get my coffee. I appreciate the effort management has put into pleasing their customers.
2	After finding this place and parking (it's tucked away in the courtyard behind the 525 N Tyron Building) I was upset to not be impressed with my sandwich...at all. I called in my order - SouthWest Turkey Panini on Foccacia with Chipotle Aioli, Pickled Onions, Guacamole, and Smoked Gouda ($8) as well as a smoothie ($3) and used the $5 for $10 Yelp coupon...what a deal! The sandwich was ready when I arrived but the smoothie was not...not a big deal, but the line was long and with only two people working on front, they seemed very rushed and stressed.For starters, the sandwich was warm but was by no means panini grilled. In addition, you can see from the picture, there was hardly any guacamole or gouda cheese, and no aioli. The only discernible tastes were the red onion, which was extremely overwhelming, the turkey, which was plentiful, and the thick, tough bread. The quinoa cous cous on the side was fine, I wasn't expecting to love it and just wanted something healthy.I did enjoy sitting on the patio in front of the fountains and felt transported out of the inner city for a few moments. This seemed to be a very convenient spot for those that work in the neighborhood.After enjoying my tacos from their food truck was excited to try this place but was extremely disappointed. What a bummer because everything on the menu looks delicious. If I lived or worked walking distance, I might try again...but in my case, unfortunately no.
3	Good place for a quick lunch. Sandwiches, soups, and salads.  Fast service although everything is prepared to order.  Prices are very reasonable.
4	This place gets it. Sandwiches are DELICIOUS. My favorite is the Southern. It's utterly perfect. The wait is never long, and everything tastes very fresh. They have excellent salads as well. The only thing that me and my coworkers have never particularly enjoyed are the sides. We end up getting chips, because, frankly, we all agree that the sides are not on the same level as the sandwiches, and really just aren't that tasty. All that said, it is a FANTASTIC local place to grab a very high quality, affordable, delicious lunch.
