3	For me, Falbo's has always been a trip down memory lane.  During my time at UW Falbo's was always the late-night pizza of choice for my roommates and me.  When I was a freshman I remember walking to their old University Avenue location to grab a slice for lunch.  As I continued my storied and distinguished college career I always seemed to be in proximity to Falbo's.  For two years I lived a block away from the Park Street location.  There were plenty of nights where I'd come home at bar time to find my roommates playing PS2.  They'd call in an order and then give the money.  I'd go pick it up so as to not disturb their video game.  Our arrangement was great, and I don't think I paid for pizza more than a couple times over those years.  Fast forward a few years: I'm out of college and working for a living.  There are no more bar time nights or roommates, well at least no roommates.  I've even moved out to the suburbs.  But imagine my surprise when I realize that there is an outpost of college nostalgia in Middleton - a Falbo's not much  more than five minutes down the road.  I was first clued into this shocking development a couple months into my first apartment in Middleton.  A friend from college was in town and couch surfing at my place for a week, and after one Thursday night at the Boar we stumbled back to my place and he wanted to order a pizza.  I told him that I didn't know of much in the area, just a Domino's and Buck's, but I improvised and grabbed a phonebook from the pile in the lobby.  I didn't believe it at first, but the Falbo's guy confirmed that they were in fact located in Middleton, at 12 & Century.  Thirty minutes later we had our pizza and it was great.Falbo's pizza is the gold standard for what I consider "college pizza" - thin crust pepperoni & cheese, delivery late into the night.  My tastes have grown since college and I prefer the specialty pizzas at Roman Candle and Picasso's to the old pepperoni & cheese standard, but it's hard to go wrong with the delicious simplicity of a well-made pie.  The best aspects of Falbo's are the thin crust and the cheese.  The pizza is never too greasy or soggy.  Over the last few years I don't believe I've ever ordered anything but that old college standard, pepperoni & cheese, and although I know they've got a big menu I've never really delved into it.  If I ordered delivery more often then I'd probably know more about what they have, but almost every situation has been one where a friend is coming over or is staying and I want to order something quick and simple.  Falbo's is perfect for this, and if I've got the time I can run over there for pick-up and save a couple of minutes.  I don't think Falbo's is the best pizza in Middleton - I like Roman Candle for this.  But Falbo's is the best for quick and fast delivery, and for me recalls some of favorite memories of my college years.
4	My Saturday went like this: woke up early (like 6am early) and went for a long bike ride (like 55 miles long). Went for a quick run (like 45 minutes quick) and then spent a good portion of my day at Art Fair on the Square with a ton of people (like 30,000). After a full day of battling people and not having ate much, my tummy was rumblin' something fierce (like 7.6 on the Richter scale fierce). But, it was late... I'd gotten wrapped up watching an Entourage marathon on HBO...I vaguely recalled seeing a Falbo Brothers earlier in the day, so I jumped in the car and headed west. Sure enough, I quickly spotted that familiar neon green and orange sign for Falbo's.I walked in to the store and almost squealed when I saw a whole display case worth of pizzas ready for the taking. $4 later, I walked out with two slices: one pepperoni and one sausage.I scarfed down the fantastic slices; the crust slightly chewy, the cheese low on moisture. My only complaints: light on the sauce, and the 'roni was really greasy.Service was excellent, the pizza hit the spot, and the price was right. It's not going to be the best pizza you'll ever have, but when it's late night and you're starving (like eat your own shoe starving) Falbo's is pretty tough to beat.
5	The best pizza in Middleton.  The ingredients are top-notch (try the pesto!) and the deep-dish crust is absolutely addictive; doughy, thick, and solid enough to hold all the toppings without breaking a sweat.  The thin crust is also quite good.  The pizza is never too greasy (unless, of course, you've gotten five meats and extra cheese), which is a major plus.The breadsticks are excellent as well.  Buttery, sprinkled with Parmesan and cooked to perfection.  Falbo Bro's doesn't have the same wide selection of appetizers as, say, Glass Nickel, but all of their appetizers are solid.You can also get subs, salads, or Falzones (get it!?  Falbo's Calzones!?) but why on earth would you get any of those things when you can have this godlike pizza?Delivery is efficient and I've never had any problems with the attitude of the drivers.  The person taking the orders is always friendly as well, but it's too bad that they don't have online ordering for this location.  The only other negative is the price; it's a little high for a place that's not striving to be "gourmet" pizza or whatever.  However, that's not enough for me to take off a star.  I've never been disappointed with the food I've gotten from Falbo's and they will always be my first choice for delivery in Middleton.
5	Best damn pizza attached to a gas station I've ever had! Go Falbo Bros!
4	Friendly service good thon crust pep n sausage
4	I'm giving them 4 starts based off of the staff. Nicest people around. I have had there sandwiches and pizza. Both were OK.
1	My delivery order was placed over the phone, but I got their menu via Allmenus.com. I called at 3:12pm, and was immediately asked if I could hold. I agreed, and then they set the phone down on the counter, and I could hear everything! Three minutes later (not too long), he came back and I ordered our pizza, along with cheese sticks. I was given my total, and told it would be there in 45 minutes because I got stuffed pizza, and it takes a bit longer to cook.One hour and 15 minutes later, my fiance' asks me again how long they said it would take, and that is generally my cue to call them back and see what's up. I call back, am immediately again asked to hold, I said "well, it's just about the order I just placed, I'm wondering where it is". Their response was "Let me get a manager". Five minutes later the manager gets on the phone, and I let him know that they're 30 mins late. He apologizes, doesn't offer to comp anything, and tells me he should be there any minute.10 minutes later, a knock at the door. The driver asks me if I have a pen (that doesn't happen very often - very disorganized), I sign, and let him go.I open up the cheese sticks, and it's a hoagie roll, split in half, with cheese and herbs on it. It wasn't cut up at all, and SO not worth the $7 paid for it.The pizza was a buffalo chicken pizza. I enjoy buffalo wings A LOT, and we generally enjoy buffalo chicken pizzas as well. The buffalo sauce on this was SO spicy that my fiance' couldn't handle it. Honestly, if you go to a place like Buffalo Wild Wings, I'd rank the sauce near their spiciest. If you're going to use a sauce that spicy on a pizza, there should be a warning, or do something to cool it off by adding ranch dressing to the pizza as well (Glass Nickel does this, and it's wonderful).In fact, we promptly ordered 1 pizza from Glass Nickel, and the pizza was here and hot in under 20 mins.
3	I've been ordering from this Falbo Bros for several years. 95% of the time the food is great. Their thin crust pizza with the traditional sauce are great, even with only veggies. Most of their cold sandwiches aren't much to look at, but are really good. Reliable delivery service. If you love pizza, you should try one of their pies.
5	Best Pizza in town! Get the deep dish!
1	What happened? The place is filthy. When you walk is the first thing you see is the dust and fly traps on the red duct work. The counter, floor, walk is is all disgusting. Hand prints, crumbs, dirt, where is health services? Wow this place went down fast..
3	Pretty good pizza. This place was one of the only businesses open during the blizzard last week. Our order for 3 pizzas, cheesy bread and salad was only missing the salad. No biggie. Any driver that can get through 19" of snow and bring the group decent food is ok in my book. Thanks for keeping our stomachs full during the crazy weather.
1	Ordered a pizza, came later than projected by about  15 minutes, pizza was cold and thin crust was mostly burned on bottom.   One and only time ordering from Falbo.
4	I was a little concerned about ordering pizza from a place that is attached to a gas station, but I have to give credit where credit is due, the pizza is GREAT! They also make pretty good salads and wings. We struggled to find a go-to pizza delivery place in Madison for 3 years, but now we always turn to Falbo Bros.
3	I have been there 2 times for Lunch and got a slice of Peperoni and a slice of Sausage it was good but could have used a little more pizza sauce but I will go back as it as fast in & out and good pizza.
4	Falbos Pizza is a great at what they do.  Making pizza.  If I asked them to make an alternator work on a 2008 pontiac G6, they most likely couldn't do that.  They do pizza as advertised, and not to mention they're just about 6 blocks away from me, which makes delivery quick and painless!   I've also picked up the pizza and found the gentleman behind the counter to be nice and helpful.  It seems working there is his second job, yet he acts like it's just as important as his first job.  If I was a badger, or even a wolverine there is no way I could be writing this review.  I assure you I am a real live human being.  Just ask my girlfriend!  She likes the pizza too.  I'll let you come down here and snap my suspenders!**DON'T TOUCH MY SUSPENDERS!
2	For delivery service that's set up for the late night crowd I would not recommend them. Called at 1am on a Saturday night and got "Falbos of Middleton, were closed"I will still stop by and pickup slices at random hours with my work but won't expect anything past that.
2	Wow...just ordered from here and the guy on the phone seriously needs to learn how to take an order properly. Never asked my name or confirmed my address. I even had to prompt him to ask what I wanted!  I understand that they can pull it up by phone number from caller id...but you always confirm!  People move, numbers are reassigned, etc., etc., etc.  Get it together man...its not a hard job. I worked in a much busier full service Italian restaurant with delivery when I was in high school. I managed to expedite and take orders and did a million times better then this guy. Get your act together. He also got part of my order wrong...so good thing I made him repeat it back. Hopefully its right when it gets here!
5	One of my favorite places to get some classic slices. You don't go to this place for the service or dine it (I mean really is a place for pizza and a bunch of guys making it) It's a simple place to get some delicious pizza or go grab a few slices. Take out is the best way to go or the slices. I've been going to this place since high school. Dash some oregano and enjoy. Also their Arizona ranch is a nice choice.
