5	Returns only on Mondays?  One of the things I love about Macys is their no hassle returns.  After purchasing a light leather coat for an upcoming concert at the  Fashion square location, I decided to return it on my lunch hour.  The sales associate had a great sense of humor informing me that I missed the Monday's only return deadline by a number of hours and that I would have to wait until next Monday.  I jokingly asked if we could make a Tuesday exception since Tuesdays are better than Mondays.  She agreed punched a few keys and sent me on my way.  More and more stores barrage you with questions on returns, but not Macys.  This is one of the little things that keeps me coming back and keeps me loyal.  It may be a big department store chain, but the style and philosophy outshine the other competition in a heartbeat.  It's all about superior service.  Even if I do not usually purchase from this particular location, the transaction reminds me why I keep coming back to others.
5	I. LOVE. MACY'S.This one is alright, not too snazzy but it has some good items!Great deals in the clearance section!The top floor is for kids, but take the escalator in the mall down to the bottom floor for the adult-wear.Woo!
3	This wasn't the nicest Macy's that I've been to, but it's okay considering where the location of this store is at.  Not too many selections on what you are shopping for.  But it's a great place to get to if you want to get away from the hot Arizona heat.
4	I've been shopping here  for years, the staff is GREAT. I rarely walk out empty handed, so many bargains
5	Since the floor guidance is not necessarily have been posted here and there like a Japanese department store, it is better to have idea to check your the floor should go if you find the guide map. I Elevator There are quaint wooden. Starbucks and Mac, there was also a number of restaurants. B1 to have a logo goods department of Macy's and was quite crowded. Here itself is feeling tourist destination. Foreigners went with the use discount card, but it gave me a 25% discount card limited when told and put it as "there is that the more good" period accounting.
