5	As a long-time believer in the benefits of massage, I feel very fortunate to have found OneSelf. I've been getting massages for about 15 years. Sometimes I want a massage for relaxation, but more often I'm looking for relief of problems related to being hard on my body and my unrelenting gym schedule. For almost a year, the work I get done at OneSelf has been keeping me going. The aches, pains, muscle weakness/tightness from working out and playing sports will move around from place to place on my body but OneSelf is always able to provide relief. Their membership deal is also the best in town! For a mere $50 annual fee you get access to drastically reduced prices for yourself and gift certificates. The membership at OneSelf is truly a value especially when you consider the quality of work they do compared to the other membership places. These massage therapists are experienced and they have a philosophy guiding them. They work hard to fix YOUR issues and have the knowledge to improve your ailments.If you are as much as a fan of the benefits of massage as I am you owe it to yourself to make an appointment asap. Tell them what you need and they'll find solutions.They're also offering yoga now, which is cool. You can schedule a session for just before or after your massage then you can straighten out your mind and body in the same visit!Give it a shot! I bet you'll feel benefits after your first visit!
5	I absolutely love OneSelf- great customer service-amazing massage- always giving back to their customers! Best place around.
5	Beautiful place. Saw them on Groupon and seem to have great reviews on both their location. Decide to give them a try. The staff are very friendly. Took wife with me the second time. And we both really enjoyed the massage. Be sure to come on-time.
5	I came here because of location and opportunity to tey with groupon.  I was happy with my 60 min massage and will look into their membership program. Thanks Carron.
5	Amazing massage! This was my first visit, and I'll definitely be back in. I got a 90 minute massage with Carrin. She did an amazing job, focusing on my problem areas and giving an overall that was above my expectations. At checkout I was happily surprised to receive a first time discount. I'm sold and plan in going back soon. As a matter a fact I purchased a membership, which I was a little Leary about but again pleasantly surprised as this was a no commitment membership, it simply gives you access to discounted services for a year. Again vey pleased.
