5	Very nice staff. Clean and modern decor. I believe they take all insurances. Dr Hanks has a great bedside manner.
5	I came in for a flu shot, was one of the few places in town that had them, came in, got one, and left within minutes. No wait. Love this place. I will be going back in the future with any needs that I may have.
5	My daughter had an ear ache, I didn't want to wait to schedule an appointment on monday. Luckily I was able to find this place open. The staff here is very friendly and caring.
5	I recommend this urgent care. We are pretty picky and this facility is clean, staff is wonderful and you aren't waiting for what feels like a day and a half!!  Very pleased!!!!!
5	Who gets a follow-up call from an Urgent Care center?! This girl! I went into Urgent Care Extra after having extreme pains in my temple/neck/jaw that would wake me up in the middle of the night and it felt like a knife was stuck in my head. I had gone to 3 different places and they all claimed I would need an MRI but with no insurance, there was little that could be done that didn't cost a fortune. I was referred to UC Extra by the Walgreen's clinic b/c they were unable to help me with my pain.I walked into UC Extra and there was no wait time at all. I paid the fee to be seen (it was not outrageous considering I am uninsured) and saw the PA Jimbo. He was beyond helpful. Based on the description of my pain and what was occurring, he knew what to do right away. He also knew that it wasn't just a migraine, this was much more than that.After a quick treatment that was very low in cost, Jimbo asked if I could wait 15 minutes so that he could check to see if this worked. He didn't give me anything more than what I needed, which is uncommon in the medical field these days, in my opinion. After 15 min the shot had eased some of the pain and he sent me on my way.Today, 24 hours after I was in their office, I received a phone call from Samantha at the front desk, who said Jimbo wanted her to call me to see how I was feeling. Fantastic customer service! I will most definitely return to UC Extra if I ever have immediate medical needs in the future. Kudos to the entire team!
5	After over a week of sinus pressure I decided to go to urgent care. This place was extremely clean and the staff was very friendly. I saw Dr. Johnston who was great. I would recommend this urgent care to everyone.
1	DO NOT GO HERE.  They are extremely expensive and essentially charge emergency room prices. I went in feeling like I had a sinus infection. The doctor was a good doctor. However, I spent 20 minutes with him. His nurse gave me a steroid injection and a prescription for nasal spray. THOSE SERVICES COST ME $640.00, OUT OF POCKET, AFTER INSURANCE!  Office visit = 250, medical supples = 126, injection = 350, injection = 50 (charged twice for injection, maybe once for the contents and once to actually inject it), office visit = 100 (charged twice, maybe once for walking in and the other for the doctor to work with me for 20 min). My insurance refuses to pay 375 of my bill because that is the amount they classified as "overcharging" for services. I foot the overcharge.  I will NEVER go here again, and I truly hope this review deters others as well.  I recommend the urgent care on rainbow and 215.  That location charged me 50.00 total, out of pocket, for similar services.
5	This was THE best experience in a medical facility that I have ever had! The facility was clean, the staff was friendly, and most importantly they were fast.  I NEVER go to the Dr because I find the whole process just annoying, making an appointment, being there 15 minutes early, as requested, to fill out paperwork, then sitting there for 2 hours past your appt time to be seen...its ridiculous! Today at Urgent Care Extra I was in and out of there in 30 minutes....and that was WITH filling out paperwork and I didn't even need an appointment!  Now to be fair, I was the first person in the door when they opened BUT both my sister and husband (who both HIGHLY recommended this place) have visited on different occasions, and  both said their visits were very fast and DARE I SAY...enjoyable.  If a trip to the doctor can be considered Enjoyable, they MUST be doing something right! The next time I am feeling under the weather I WILL be going here.  In fact, I may just make them my PCP (Primary care provider).
5	I was pretty miserable for a week and a half so I knew I needed to go see a Doc. Well we finally found an Urgent Care that was open past 5 (I know, HUH?) and took walk-ins after 4pm (I KNOW!!).So we were searching and finally found one open till 9pm!We got the with an hour to spare!The staff there did NOT even remotely feel rushed, they were very fast, very efficient and they weren't kidding when the doctor would be in, in a couple minutes!They did the usual, blood pressure, pulse oc and questions before, and after the Dr. listened, sure enough, just as I thought it was pneumonia/bronchitis.So 5 prescriptions and a shot in the butt later, I was off!AND with papers telling describing the ailments I have and what was prescribed and what they do also! (I wish ALL doctors would do this!And 15 minutes BEFORE 9pm.Really nice, really helpful and very professional people there. I HIGHLY recommend this location (Durango/Cheyenne) and I saw Dr. Frank Urbina who treated me really well and was a very nice man.
1	if you go make sure you NEVER see James Boesiger (who is not even a DR he is a "physician assistant") my boyfriend and i came in because he got hurt playing baseball. He had a gash on his leg that started to look badly infected so we drove up to UC. the woman at the front was a real sweetheart but then we were introduced to James Boesiger the "DR". He literally walked right by my boyfriend and barely looked down at his leg went and sat down, streched his legs out and said "so whats going on with you tonight". My boyfriend proceeded to tell him that his leg seems to be infected and he made a face and said "yep seems like it" i will get you antiobotics and topical cream, wrap it with non stick bandaid and stood up and started to walk out...after only being in the room for only 6 mins and rushing out with out answering any questions i quickly said "wait, do you think it could be staph infection" and he LAUGHED and said back to me "if i went around and cultured everyones scraps and boo boos im sure i'd find staph cultures in everything, so yeah its probably staph". My boyfriend looked at him and said "ok so just to make sure i wrap it with non stick band aide" and he huffed as he was walking out the door and said "so as i already said before, yes you wrap it with non stick, anything else?" we said no and left...James Boesiger has the worst bed side manor ive ever seen and deff not a "comfort" or friendly face to see when you are sick and at a low point. So rude and unprofessional.
5	I came here on a Sunday. YES. A Sunday! There was a younger looking girl at the front desk with brown hair who was so nice (which is such a rarity) and everyone I spoke with seemed to listen to me and was really pleasant and helpful. I was in and out with in 45 minutes, and I really waited almost no time to see a doctor. I got just what I needed, and I am already feeling better. If I ever get sick again, I'd pass up my general practitioner for this place- quick, friendly, efficient.
1	Well I came in here for abdominal problems and they took my insurance without any problems. i payed my $15 copay and everything else was to be paid for. To be safe they wanted to check my blood. Better to be safe than sorry I guessThe nurse I had was amazing. She is great at taking blood, I didn't feel a thing. Sorry, I cant remember her name or else I would recommend her for blood tests. The PA was okay. Nothing bad to say about him. Everything was great and the doctors visit went pleasant...until 3 weeks later. I got a bill saying I needed to pay $209.00 for blood tests that they insisted on!! This is bull sh*t! I have NEVER had to pay for blood work. Don't go here if you don't want bills weeks later!!  They would have 5 stars just for the sweet nurse alone. But when there are extra charges that a college student can't afford?? No way. I wouldn't even give one star.
5	Went here for an earache, called prior and was told there was no wait.  Arrived about 5:30 pm on a Thursday and only 1 other person in waiting area which was clean, very nice furniture with a huge flat screen.  Waited no more than 10 minutes before being called to examination room.  The staff and Dr. Johnson were great especially the nurse who cleaned the wax out of my ears.  I have insurance so no co-pay.  I was out of there in an hour.  I don't have a general practicioner so I will definitely come here again if I get sick
5	I've been to a few walk-in medical clinics and this one takes the cake!  Awesome!  All of the staff was very up-beat and welcoming.I went in because all of my ENT functions were gunked up and that was all taken care of efficiently and thoroughly.  I had Dr Johnston and he was EXCELLENT!  Very positive guy who will answer all of your questions.  Like I said, I went in for ENT stuff, but Dr Johnston helped me address other issues unrelated to my visit.  Maybe it was because they weren't very busy the day I went in.The office is also very nice and modern.  Not your typical walk-in medial joint.Highly recommended!
5	Dr. J. Boesiger was awesome. I've never had to use a quick care in Las Vegas before, and I was in in less than 15 minutes, including filing papers. Waiting room was awesome, we could put on a good Netflix show for my son, and then Dr. Boesiger was fantastic. I also had follow up with Dr. Garcia, and both were careful, attentive and the facility is top notch. We're happy to have this place just around the corner from us.
1	DO NOT GO HERE. All these 5 star reviews blow me away. I work for the state and have decent insurance,  Brought my daughter in on a weekend. The receptionist refused to tell me how much they charged for a Dr. visit, only saying "It depends on what you're insurance pays."  After paying the $15 copay, we were seen by a Dr. for less then 2 minutes. We were told she had a throat infection. We went home and received a bill a week later for $400.  It would have been cheaper to take her to UMC Emergency. DO NOT COME HERE! TOTAL SCAM!
5	I consider this the Cadillac of Walk-In doctor clinics.  I live right near it, and I've needed to go there several times.  It's the first doctor's office I've been in where I didn't have to wait, and I almost wish I had to wait longer, because the lobby is that great.  I've never waited more than 10 minutes, and usually no wait at all.  It is very clean and nicely decorated with incredibly comfortable leather chairs.  Huge flat screen TVs with great shows, one for grownups and one on the other side of the room for, what appears to be, some sort of pleasant entertainment-land for kids.  A bookstore's selection of great magazines to read too.The doctor's I've dealt with all have a great bedside manner, appeared to be knowledgeable, and they cut to the chase (which I appreciate) but without being in a hurry.  For whatever reason the nurses are all gorgeous, and all but one of the 8 I've dealt with were incredibly sweet and efficient.Why people are waiting for hours, crowded around coughing sick folks, sitting on filthy chairs with holes in them, a couple blocks away at the Not-So-Quick-Care Clinics, is beyond me.  I am so glad that I live next to some undiscovered gem of a doc-in-a-box.  If they sold coffee, I'd just go there to hang out.
5	'd kept it in mind in case anything happened that could be treated there instead of at one of my regular doctor. Trying to get an appointment for anything at my doctors' office is difficult. So I went to this center and quickly was underway to see the doctor on a Saturday night. There was a little wait time, but in short order I saw a doctor who quickly took care of my problem. I appreciated being able to use my Medicare and Blue Cross/Blue Shield health insurance for full payment. Conveniently, I was also able to have my prescription filled at a moderate price. The office staff is polite, intelligent and helpful. The clinic is open long hours, plenty of safe parking and it is spotless as far as I could tell. I don't want to get sick, but for some situations this clinic will be a helpful part of my health care as long as we are both in the neighborhood. Thanks for adding value to our country's health care and insurance coverage." - See more at: http://feedbackworks.com/referrals/2826/s#sthash.GTLh6zfD.dpuf
5	Arrived at about 7:15 on a Thursday night. Took our daughter there directly from our indoor soccer match. We were promptly checked in a greeting nicely   Qualities approx an hour before going back. Min counted about 25 people in the waiting room which turned out to be about 8-10 different groups We were wheeled back an immediately attended to with taking vitals. Another 5 min and then back for X-rays.  Return  10 min later. Then away for a couple more X-ray say another 10 min. Get my drift here - constant movement and help. Not go to this room sit for another 30 min, get something done , wait another 30 min etc. anyway X-rays read (sprain no break). Ace bandaged up and done. Total time in the door to out the door less than 95 min. Sounds like a lot but try to get that done at ANY ER   Definitely recommend for minor injuries and illnesses. Definitely
4	I ended up needing urgent care while on vacation here in Las Vegas. Found this one on Yelp (had great reviews) and drove the 30 minutes just to go.  It WAS the day after Christmas, I guess there was only 1 doctor and after waiting for 40 minutes and seeing maybe 2-3 people go in, I gave up. The staff was wonderful and the girl suggested I go to another location. She called the Tropicana site and they were not busy at all. I ended up going there . . . So, my 4 stars are for the cleanliness/staff and way they conducted the wait room. They were very nice, didn't seem stressed or short with patients, but did their best with what they had. I'm sure it was a challenging day for them.
5	We have had a couple of great experiences at this same Cheyenne urgent care with the same great Dr., so we had to write a review.  First, the place is clean and nicely decorated.  Not that that's the most important thing but hey, it helps to go to a new, clean place.  Anyway, also, we only waited a very short amount of time which is important when you are waiting with a sick baby.  But, most of all, the Dr. (Johnston) was as good as you want your doctor to be.  He was professional, kind, informative and patient.  We feel great about the care we received and left feeling relieved and educated as to what we could expect for our baby.  Lastly, the rest of the staff was just as nice and competent as he was.  Hope to not need to go again but it's nice to know it's there if we need to.
1	I alwYs go to Umc but this time it was after 730 so they were closed... First thing is I called them to make sure they were contracted with my insurance they said yes.... (They weren't) I thought my kids were going to be seen by an MD... They weren't it was an APN which is fine but diagnosed my daughter with noro virus just bcuz it was going around at the time anyways long story short they aren't contracted with health plan of Nevada I called their billing department and they told me they didn't know who they were contracted with but billed all insurance wth??? AnywAys now I'm stuck with a $300 bill from them for seeing an APN that did not give us any prescription next time I'm sticking to Umc they are awesome... Extra urgent care sucks that's why they r always empty
5	I have been here twice. Found on yelp. Great staff. Never too busy. Perfect waiting room.
5	THE DIGS: Just walking in here makes you feel better with all the bright colors and positive vibe and demeanor. As you can see from my photos and the ones posted by others the place has modern contemporary decor. A very large screen TV to entertain the kids or watch the game. Th waiting room is thoughtfully laid out and it extremely comfortable. One side of the room has a light game feature the kids can play with. Its one of those light features that move when you touch it. The place is always sparkling clean and bathrooms look like you walked into a resort bathroom. I keep expecting some dude to hand me a towel.THE SERVICE: So all the fancy decor and flashy doesn't amount to a hill of beans unless the staff is on point right? Well this staff certainly is. In the times been here they have always been very courteous and professional. The seem to be well trained in how to handle high pressure situations and difficult patients. They are knowledgeable and certainly make you feel comfortable and welcome for the duration of your visit. The longest time I've spent in this clinic was an hour from check in to check out. One time I was in and out in 18 minutes. THE LOCATION: Very easy to find right on Cheyenne off of Soring Gulls. In the Albertson shopping center. It used to be a blockbuster. Most major insurance is accepted. Open on Sundays till 9pm.
5	This place is super fast, so it gets a 5 star review from me!  Yes, it's an urgent care place that is actually URGENT.  I have unfortunately been to many ERs, Quick Care places, and numerous other "Fast" places for different injuries and illnesses and they are never fast.  The last time I was at the ER, it was a 6 hour event.  It is just miserable when you are sick and hurting to have to wait for hours to be seen and helped.  On top of taking forever, most of these places are just icky.  You don't really want to touch anything or sit next to someone because who knows what they have, right?!?Well times are a'changing my friends, because Urgent Care Extra is here!  I was recently here with my hubby for his sinus infection.  He had tried to get in to see his regular doctor, but the earliest appointment was several days away and he was too miserable to wait that long, so off to Urgent Care Extra.  We walked in to a beautiful waiting room that was bright, colorful, and had a ton of seats.  He checked in and was given paperwork to fill out.  He wasn't even finished filling them all out when he was called back.  I settled in to catch up on my Candy Crush addiction and he was back out before I had even used all of my lives!  Yep, from the minute we pulled into the parking lot until we we leaving was about 45 minutes tops!  Yes, that's right, 45 minutes!So if you are sick or have a boo-boo that needs medical help, head over to Urgent Care Extra.
1	Wow! I have to say I was horribly disappointed in this place. We went in at 11am on a Friday. They said there was 5 people in front of us. I went in because of a pretty decent car accident and wanted to make sure that there weren't any underlying problems. When we walked in the receptionist was very rude and stated that because I was in a car accident they couldn't do any x-rays. Funny, when my partner went in after a car accident in October they took x-rays. So we waited, and waited, and 7 people went in before us! Then the receptionist calls me up saying she doesn't know where to send the billing. So I make the phone call (isn't this supposed to be her job) get the info walk back up. Nope it's the wrong info! So I call back (again her job) and get the physical mailing address because a fax wasn't good enough along with the name OR  the claim number. But whatever. FINALLY we get called back after another 3 people go in front of us. We go back. The nurse is just this side of rude, not to mention made some inappropriate comments. The dr, nurse prac whom ever she was basically looked me up and down said it sounds like it's all muscle and went to get me pain meds. I'm sorry WHAT??? No checking my eyes, reflexes, NOTHING!!! I was made to feel like I had walked in there simply to get meds. I didn't even bother to fill either scripts. You guys were totally worthless and I will NEVER waste my time there again!! You have no idea how much it took me to get to the drs and to be made to feel like complete shit was NOT what I needed.
1	When I went to this office the first time, it was urgent...obviously. I asked the front desk girl if they were in network with my insurance, and she took my card and said "Yes!". Being that it was urgent, I took her word for it and didn't double check with my insurance to be doubly sure. I was seen based on my trust in her information...Great, I thought! Great office super close to home, open late, JACKPOT! I went here on two occasions for myself and a couple times for my son. Each visit was fine.Fast forward 6 months and I get a statement in the mail saying I owe $93 and change. Strange, because my in network copay is $35 for an urgent care visit... I called the billing department and my insurance, both stated that this office was OUT OF NETWORK.Mind you, I work in a dental office dealing with insurance companies EVERYDAY. I ALWAYS accurately inform patients and verify their eligibility before any services are rendered in our office. This should be especially important in an urgent care setting, however, at this office it's not a priority. There is a difference between in and out of network benefits, apparently they don't know this.MAKE SURE YOU CALL YOUR INSURANCE COMPANY BEFORE EVER COMING HERE. THEY WILL TELL YOU THAT THEY ARE IN NETWORK AND YOU WILL BE STUCK WITH A BILL 3 TIMES WHAT YOURS SHOULD BE.
1	Beware!  I was told that my sore throat was viral and that I needed to "suck it up."  The doctor said we can't just give out antibiotics to anyone with a tickle in their throat. Well it turns out I was sicker than he thought and ended up back at the doctor a week later for those meds that could've helped earlier. Sure, the office is pretty and there is usually no wait, but is that worth the extra pain and suffering? I think not.
1	Total fraud they charge you your copayment and then send you a bill saying they are not contracted with your insurance 4 months later.
1	Worst urgent care I have ever visited.  Doctor didn't even touch me when I went in for severe back pain.  Just prescribed me pain pills even after telling her my history of spinal surgery.  And she told me to do stretches.  Then they took my credit card and gave me someone else's receipt!  Then I get a bill in the mail for $50.  I pay it through my bill pay and I get an email from them saying they charged my credit card $50.  I wrote back twice trying to get a refund for one of the extra $50 charged.  No response.  Called them and the chick on the phone says I need a check number.  I explained I paid it through bill pay so there is no check number.  She had no record of me paying twice.  How convenient!  Then I ask for a supervisor and of course he was unavailable.  He was supposed to call me but never did.  So I disputed the charge through my bank and at least I get one of my $50 back.  I do NOT recommend ever visiting this establishment.  There are plenty other urgent care facilities.  Save the aggravation and steer clear of this place.
5	This place was perfect.... I hate the doctors office like most people and always wait till the very last minute but not anymore. I came in with 2 issues that were completely different. The doctor knew exactly what both issues were and took care of both. I was in and out in no time. Myself and my family WILL be coming back in the future.
1	This company is committing fraud! If you read the other reviews with 1 star you will see they had the same experience as myself. Now this facility is clean and the doctor I saw was awesome and really took his time with my son, but the front desk receptionist had an attitude. The real problem here is that I called a few Urgent Care's to confirm whether or not they accepted my insurance. The first few said no, but when  I called this location they said yes. Got to the facility and they took my information confirming we were covered. Mind you, I had other options I knew took our insurance but this clinic was closer to home and my son had a fever of 103 so when they confirmed they took our insurance I thought Great! I paid my copay and that was that. 2 months later i get a bill from them for $130! I call the insurance company who tells me I am not responsible for this bill as the clinic is within network, but the doctor who saw my son was not! So they are taking you in, but then having an out of network doctor see you and failing to mention any of this! So I call the corporate number for this facility and the manager tries to give me the run around, telling me they only became in network in June, but since I was seen in May it was not covered at the time. He proceeds to tell me that I should have double checked with my insurance before coming in, and don't I already have a list of urgent care that are covered, and that they take all insurance but it doesn't necessarily mean they are in network and the office won't take the time to contact insurance company unless I ask?! All of this should be verbalized! Either you do or do not take my insurance, and if there are certain exceptions, that is something that needs to be explained up front. So this manager tries to tell me he will reduce my bill from $130 to $80 even though he isn't supposed to do that. I said no, as I am not responsible for anything. He tells me to call my insurance company AGAIN and if they say that the clinic is within network, but the doctor was not, that they would fix it. I call insurance company and indeed, its the doctor that is not in network . Why would they have out of network doctors working with patients at a facility that IS within network? How many other patients have they ripped off, patients who just settle with a bill they aren't responsible for because they don't have time to deal with it?? This is straight up fraud!!! I am so livid and disgusted that there are offices out there doing this to families, as if we don't have enough medical expenses and bills to pay already! I am definitely reporting this business to the BBB if they are even a legitimate practice. Be warned, do not go here.
1	Can I give it no stars? This place was FILTHY! It looks good when you first walk in but when you sit for 2 hours you start to notice things such as everyone coming out of the bathroom going straight to the hand sanitizer. It wasn't until my husband used it that we found out the soap dispenser was broken & there were no paper towels. The seats have silver arm rests but were covered in smears. When I was called I asked to use restroom & it appeared clean but when you sat down on toilet you were looking at a cabinet/table which holds the urine sample cups. There was what appeared to be urine spilled down the front of it. Gross!Next back to room & when I went to close the door I noticed a large semi circle area of dirt built up around the door handle. I got a paper towel & put a large amount of hand sanitizer on towel & cleaned it. I was not going to touch that handle area without cleaning it. I also noticed the chairs in the room were dirty also. This is the kind of dirt that builds up over time. The medical treatment was OK but I had a sample given & the doctor tried to tell me what was wrong with me without ever running the sample. I also asked for exact detailed results including lab results so I could provide this information to my doctor but I didn't get it even when I asked again. I waited in the room after the doctor saw me for another 30 minutes just for paperwork.  I will not use this location again when I'm in Vegas & I'm going to contact my insurance company regarding them also. How can you call yourself a medical care center when you are treating sick people but not cleaning on a regular bases.
1	Yes, this place is fast, but the front desk staff suck at customer service. The most unfriendly girls full of attitude. I will not come to this location ever again.
1	Dirty floors, standing water in the bathroom, 3 hours wait time and only 5 people ahead of me. When I asked how long it would take after sitting in an exam room for 30 minutes, the nurse was trying to tell me how busy they were and so on. 5 people in 3 hours, horrible! Don't go here! I only seen a PA not even a doctor.
1	HORRIBLE.If I could give negative stars I totally would, the only reason I came back to this particular chain of urgent cares was because of how amazing the service was at the Henderson location. Well definitely not the case here..These girls are as rude as can be and I work in the Medical field so I have a tiny bit more patience and understanding as to why things can get backed up. But this is ridiculous since I've been here (2 hours) they have called back a whopping 2 patients but a total of 6 patients have left wtf are they doing back there? Front desk girls are horrible and rude and clearly don't know how to do their job, lose the attitude because there are plenty of people who would love your job. I went up to check how much longer it would be and why I still haven't received my ID and insurance card back, well because instead of verifying it like they should have two hours ago they stacked people that came in AFTER me on top of it and are taking care of them first.  I'm so ridiculously over this place it's not even funny but I'd rather wait it out here then step foot inside UMC..
4	Went in a few days before Christmas, thus it was super busy. Had to wait about 2 hours with 10 people in front of me. Staff was nice however, and the place was clean. The real redeeming factor was the doctor. He was kind and actually took time to listen and give suggestions. Didn't act like he was stressed or in a hurry to get me in and out. Overall a good experience, just tough waiting when you already don't feel well.
