4	This is a great little cafe, filled with Sun City residents & local merchants. Brenda runs the place, its not just a name, and the food it simple & comforting. Daily specials, standard american cuisine and sweet little lady waitresses. yummy
5	Always a great experience when I go there. The food is great! And the gals are always friendly. I will eat there again and again............etc.
5	Great Food, Great Service,,and the prices are low,,,I enjoy eating breakfast here,,the waitress are very friendly,,,thanks..
5	This is such a great place.  Brenda and all of her staff sincerely like people.  The food is simple home-cooking, always lovingly prepared and fresh.  Service is friendly and warm, but sometimes when the restaurant is very busy, it can be slower.  No matter.  Everyone, including the regulars, is so nice you will just enjoy the atmosphere.  Prices are friendly also...
5	- - - DISCLAIMER - - - My 5 star rating is based more on value and service than it being the best tasting food around. But it is certainly not anything to complain about.Brenda is a kind and bubbly lady and is there every day they are open, and her Husband, Richard, and Son work the grill. Hours are only Monday - Friday 6:00am -2:00pm Breakfast and Lunch only! Daily Breakfast and Lunch Specials. Homemade Soups Daily as well.Decor is always festive! Decorate for every different holiday and most of the decor is something you'd find in great gramma's house or a yard sale. Definitely not trendy or chic but clean, quaint and comfortable. Good down-home food. Nothing fancy like parsley on the plate but simple and good; a hungry man's breakfast you can start eating the second it is set down. You can't beat the prices of the Breakfast Specials from $2.79-$4.79. Pancakes, Soups & Biscuits made fresh daily and homemade Sausage Gravy is really good! Other than that, most food is unseasoned (remember the bulk of clientele is the senior crowd;) but still satisfying.  Though the patrons and wait staff are mainly seniors, they love to see young couples and kids in there. I bring 5 of 6 kids when they are on breaks or days off from school and have paid around $20 tip INCLUDED for 6 people to eat, Unheard of!!!  We have easily paid double that at IHOP or Cracker Barrel and Brenda's food is just as good and service is friendlier. Last time we visited there was a full house and we had to wait for a table but still was eating in under 20min. Not bad. ;)Well worth at least one visit.
5	I really enjoy this place!I really missed these little homegrown cafe's that the mainland seem to have. The atmosphere is comfy and the workers are super nice. My family ended up coming here on Halloween for bunch and all the waitresses and Brenda were dressed up in Halloween costumes. It made me feel like I was at home and it was okay that I was missing Halloween. I really enjoyed the fact that I could watch the cooks make the food. I ended up getting breakfast and so did my mom and grandma. I got to tell you their portions are HUGE!!!! I got a three egg omelet with bacon and tomatoes, home fried potatoes and a biscuit. All of it was delicious and a bit heavy. I could not finish it all. I think my favorite thing was the biscuit. It was light, fluffy and dense just a country style biscuit should be!!!! If you don't come here for the service come here for the food. It may be tucked away in Sun City but I still would make the trek down here!
4	Great food, nice staff... as busy as it is, it's a little too small making it crowded really quick. Still worth going to for the food...
5	I enjoy nothing more than stopping in at Brenda's for some good, wholesome food. The menu is simple and the food is tasty and fresh. I have never had  a bad meal (breakfast or lunch) here. The service is always friendly, quick and helpful. How often can you get a meal this good at a very reasonable price?
5	I just had breakfast at Brenda's Kitchen.  The banter was friendly and a bit livelier today. Perhaps it is because the snowbirds have flown the nest and there were a few empty seats: Brenda and the crew had a chance to not only breathe but to talk with everyone.  I like Brenda's not only for the food, but the entertainment value and that feeling of being in a good friends kitchen, chatting with everyone; comfortable. I recommend this place but if no new people go, that would mean I could always find a seat.
1	I used to go to Brenda's for breakfast or lunch 2 or 3 times a week. The food was most of the time good. I liked Brenda a lot and she would ask me about the foods, if I liked it or not. Once a month they would have liver and onions for a lunch special. The last time I ate here was on a "liver day."  Not everyone  knows when you purchase liver to cook, it doesn't all come from the same place. SO one may have a piece of tuff liver along with some good tender liver.  On this one day Brenda ask me about my piece of liver and I told her it was very tuff and I could not eat it. I believe I ate one or maybe two bites. SO instead of taking the word of a friend and offer another piece or not charging for my lunch, she went around the room asking diners who were having liver if there's was good. So everyone told her that there's was good. Instead of taking the word of a "friend" she assumes I was lying and charged me for my meal. I was SHOCKED that Brenda did this. SO Brenda you need to talk to your meat man about liver if you haven't already. This has been a couple of years ago and I still miss going there to eat. But Brenda never called and offered me a free meal or an apology. All I wanted was an apology. And you think you know who your friends are???  But not always!  So Brenda you not only lost a good friend but a loyal customer and customers that I would bring in with me. SO good luck with your liver and onions. And good luck on knowing on how to keep friends.  What goes around comes around. I still hurt from this incident not because of the food or money but because of a lost friendship over something that she did not trust me on. E.
5	I was in town for a few days and holy cow this place is good, no wonder it is packed. It is a little mom and pop place, which you know are the best. I first went to Denny's and ended up walking out (that is for another review), and ended up at Brenda's. The staff were nice and the food was fantastic. It tasted homemade. I had chicken fried steak, mashed potatoes, and creamy chicken barley soup. The chicken friend steak was so tender and flavorful, and the gravy on top tasted like real butter, cream, and sausage. The soup was amazing. Chicken in every bite. So creamy and fresh I felt like I wanted to weep tears of joy. The next day we tried a patty melt, macaroni salad, potato salad, mushroom swiss burger, and albondigas soup. It was all extremely delicious. The soup was probably the best and the chicken fried steak a close second.
5	I travel alot for work and i eat out about 20 days out of each month. That being said, we found a hidden gem of a cafe in Brendas Kitchen. We were only here the area for a week, but we tried to come here after the first day, as often as possible. As long as the great service and great food doesnt change, Brendas will be around for a long time. Im almost scared to post to yelp, cause now this small cafe is gpnna get over run. Breakfast or lunch, just go!!
