5	I eat here at least once each time I'm in town. The service is never disappointing and the staff is very easy on the eyes. The food is always done to perfection. For example, the salmon is always still moist and delicious. The steaks are done exactly the way I ask, every time, even if it's the evening rush.
4	Every time that we go here, we have great service and great food!!!PROS:Beef (need I say more? LOL)Really great service (consistently)Really great food (consistently)...and who doesn't love a big 'ol bucket o' peanuts? (which you'll get here)CONS:(none, really)One might argue that price is a con, but really... where else are you going to go for the same type of food cheaper?  Steak houses are all quite comparable.ATMOSPHERE:because its a country-type steakhouse, there is lots of horse/ranch decor on the walls and if you don't like country music... this will be a looooong meal for you.  They play nothing but country in this restaurant.Otherwise, very casual.RECOMMENDATIONS:Filet Mignon (Medium--Perrrfect!)The Spinach-Artichoke Dip (ammmaaazing and has a great spicy kick!)"Pecos Peach" (a very tasty liquor drink that you will love--if you like peach)  Yum!    ;)
4	Funny that there is not a Lone Star Steakhouse in the Lone Star State, but in West Mifflin! We were celebrating a birthday, and Lone Star was the requested stop. It was nice, and quiet for a Saturday, no long waits, and a great server (Dave), who went along with our sense of humor. (The pail of peanuts were nowhere to be found, so I'm not sure if they've stopped serving those)The brown bread was warm and squishy soft, unfortunately the butter too cold to spread. We ordered the Taste of Texas Sampler for starters, the fried onion strings, and the Lone Star skins were the big hits. The hot buffalo chicken tenders, perfect without the hassle of bones.Main entrees were a few racks of ribs, a Cajun Ribeye, a Peppercorn Ribeye, and a Sweet Bourbon salmon. My Cajun Ribeye was cooked correctly to medium, well seasoned, and 'blackened'. Those who ordered ribs, and the Peppercorn Ribeye (well done) had no complaints about their meats. I did notice the salmon portion seemed small, the baked sweet potato was larger than the fish! That was the only disappointment. Nice for a good dinner, even if a real Texas cowboy is nowhere in sight.
1	I wish I could rate zero stars. Mediocre service was the highlight of the night. Terrible draft beer selection (4 options, all domestic). Our chips and queso appetizer was cold and had chunks of steak in it that were also cold in the middle. We were one of probably 4 other tables, so I don't see how they can justify serving cold food. Both of the entrees at the table were OK but forgettable, and I had to ask for cheese on my sandwich that was supposed to come with. We left as soon as possible. There are so many great places to eat in the area and this one is worth skipping - probably my worst PGH meal in at least the last year.
2	I've said it before and I'll say it again I don't send food back its not something I like to do. I hate to complain so I don't but man if I was the type I would have. My steak was horrible. It looked like it was left on one side to cook then the last 2sec it was turned. It was over cooked and the little pink that there was was all on the bottom of the steak. Not the middle the bottom. I could have cooked a better steak. Bryan's filet was very fatty. It was just bad. Will not be returning here.
4	Sometimes ordering to go is just easier then actually sitting down at a restaurant for a meal. That being said I've had take home from here 3x now and have physically gone in 2x including the time from my first review. Each time I've had food from here there's been something wrong. Weather it be no steak in my steak queso which happened again last night!! Or weather it be a steak undercooked or cinnamon sugar missing from a sweet potato that comes with cinnamon sugar.  All that side over all the food is very good. It's by no means poor quality and the portions are reasonable for a steak house. I chalk the missing steak up to it falling to the bottom of whatever container they take it from and the person who puts it into the dish just takes from the top. Now for the staff our waitress this vast time we went in could have listened a bit better. The other half asked for a beer and she just walked away. Also when we were ordering my sons kids meal we ordered applesauce and told her 3x as she just listed off possible sides.  We also spoke to a very friendly manager who went out of her way to correct the issues we've had over the last several meals. She was genuinely interested in what they should have done better to make the dining experience more enjoyable. F it wasn't for her this would still be a 2 star review.
