5	dude.  this place = INSANATORIUM.  it really is all zootsuits, fedoras and bowlers.  worth seeing at least once in your life.  valentino and his wife, beverly, are incredibly nice people and will leave you alone to stare slack-jawed at the marvelous mayhem in front of you.  i left with the cutest little sparly clutch (that i will never, ever use except maybe if i am invited to some fabu gala or ball and let's face it, that ain't happening.  unless maybe it is...any takers?  please???) that only cost $5!  it's by far the best thing i've ever purchased in vegas.
4	If you are serious about looking like a pimp, this is absolutely your destination.  There are a mix of consignment items and new pimp-gear.  I drooled over the three ties painted with Vargas girls ($100 each).  Oddly, almost everything I looked at was priced at $85.  The woman working there did not get off the phone or offer to help me the entire time I was there.
4	I used to buy my vintage dresses here when I was a swing dancer.  Excellent selection, beautiful pieces.  AWESOME accessories.  It's so cool to see that this place has survived since then.  If you need an outfit to really make an impression, check this place.  It is not cheap, but you get some high quality items for your dollars.
3	Sometimes when you hear the word "Vintage" it means you will pay higher prices (so true if you've gone to The Attic). It's very much true when you come here. Since I've lived here, this location has changed three times. I went to the first location (I was very into vintage clothing during my college years)- I purchased some beautiful vintage dresses (went to a BF's prom in one- it was black lace on top & dreamy full pleated chiffon skirt, from the 1950s- it was gorgeous!) and vintage luggage- I still have the luggage- it's blue/green plaid hatbox. I don't remember the prices specifically but I do remember that they were pretty high at the time. Great place if you have the money to buy something for the annual "Pimp & Ho Ball."
