5	Finally a Thai restaurant in Surprise, Az! We came the day this restaurant opened, and went back the next day as well. Great authentic Thai food, friendly atmosphere, can't go wrong plus they deliver within a 3 mile radius!
3	Went here on opening day - didn't know if they'd be open yet or not, but the wife had a craving so we decided to check. Front door was wide open. Nice little place - got seated immediately and attended to by a fairly nice waitress. Imagine my surprise when I checked the menu and saw Vietnamese pho! I'm a big fan, and while I was guessing it wouldn't be up to par with more centrally-located places like Pho Thanh I decided to give it a shot. The wife had massaman curry which she asked to be made quite spicy ("Thai Hot" as they call it). My pho, as predicted, wasn't that great. The meat was cut into thick chunks and the broth was actually sweet! I called one of the servers over and asked about it - they said that the cook was used to Thai dishes and had put a little too much sugar in as that's the norm with other stuff like the satay sauce etc. Fair enough, like I said I was expecting it. Taste aside, it wasn't a huge bowl and it was $10 - very much overpriced. I honestly don't know why I got it at a Thai restaurant, I suppose it's just because I like it so much that when I saw it on the menu my eyes glazed over. Like getting a burger at a Dairy Queen or something? (shrug) Anyways, the wife thoroughly enjoyed her curry - quite spicy but not too spicy for her. Note that she was charged an extra $1 for brown rice - a little too nickel-and-dimey for my liking. My kid had his usual chicken satay sticks. The chicken was dry and leathery, so marks dropped for that. Decor was nice, menu was done very well (see my photo).All in all a fairly average experience. We'll be back to check out other dishes (Thai ones! *8-) and to support this new local business, but these folk certainly have a lot of catching up to do before they draw level with Line Thai in Sun City and (so far) wouldn't be our first choice for lunch or dinner going forward if we were starving.
3	My teenage son and I visited durin opening week.  The location was easy to find and parking was decent.  The dining area was beautifully decorated in greens and golds, with great attention to detail.  Upon entering a server asked us how many then pointed and told us to, "sit over there". Um.  Ok.  We sat where directed.  Our unfriendly server approached the table quickly and asked for our drink order, as we finished ordering drinks she asked if we were ready to order our lunch.  Having eagerly anticipated the opening of this restaurant, I knew exactly what I wanted and ordered immediately.  My son wasn't quite so quick to order so it took him a minute.  I ordered the Red Curry lunch special and my son ordered the Pad Thai lunch special.  Our soup came out fairly quickly and was slightly cooler than a soup would normally be, but the flavor made up for it.  Our entrees came at about average speed and were nicely presented.  The appearance of the Pad Thai made me rethink my curry- until I tasted it.  We both ordered our entree's mild since mild is subjective and we knew we could add spice if needed.  The Pad Thai was so spicy tears immediately sprang to my eyes!  My son gave a valiant effort at eating it, but soon gave up.  The chicken in his meal was delicious, but my eat-whatever-doesn't-eat-me-first carnivore son said the beef tasted off and the texture was "funny".  I didn't try it.My Red Curry was outstanding!  Big chunks of eggplant, red pepper, green beans and chicken made it visually appealing as well as delicious!  My mild Red Curry was slightly too mild, but there was no way I was going to ask for more spice after tasting my kiddo's meal!During our entire visit a server did not visit our table one time to check on our meal or to refill waters- which my son desperately needed.  The meal was a bit expensive $20 for lunch "specials".I will definitely try Tom Yum again hoping for a better experience.p.s. as we were leaving an elderly couple came in and were told to "sit wherever you want".  The couple chose a table by the window, which they didn't see until they sat down that it was dirty.  When they asked the server to clean the table, she told them to sit "over there instead".  They told her that they would prefer to sit by the window.  She cleaned the table, but clearly was annoyed.
4	When I discovered Tom Yum, we were going on day 9 of being sick. I mean sick. You're not sick for 9 days with a cold. We got visited by all manner of evil Tom Yum was the shining beam of light in the darkness of night. I stopped at Tom Yum for some take-out after stopping at WalMart for more cold/flu remedies. At this point, my smell and taste capabilities had diminished to well below 20%. Everything we were eating tasted bland. And we were looking for some relief. We got it at Tom Yum. We love Satara, and that has been our go-to place for Thai food in the West Valley, so Tom Yum had its work cut out for it. When we eat Thai, we always order the same thing first time in in order to give ourselves a solid baseline for quality. We get Pad Thai, medium heat, as the noodles tend to carry heat, and we order Yellow Curry, Thai hot. For this special occasion, we threw in an order of Tom Yum soup with chicken, extra hot. Our bill came to $32 and change. For lunch. A little steep, me thinks, but the value was there. It was damn good. Good enough to go back the next day for more Tom Yum. It is THE BEST soup I've ever had. But it's $10 a quart. That one is tough to wrap my mind around. The staff is extremely friendly, but still working kinks out. It seems they're trying to figure out their clientele. They said that take out orders far exceed dine in orders, but there's nothing about the dining room that's not inviting. Overall, this is a quality experience. A little pricey, and that's why it's not a 5, but overall, very good, and an easy stand-in for Satara.**With Satara now CLOSED, this is our go-to Thai spot.**
1	My wife and I love Thai food.  We have eaten at many of the Thai restaurants in the Phoenix area.  We were so happy to see a Thai restaurant opening in Surprise.  We eagerly awaited the day we could try it out and had the greatest of expectations for it, as we had peered in the windows before it opened and thought that the place looked nice.Well, it looked nice, but we have had anything but a good experience eating here.  We have now been to this restaurant twice, hoping that the first bad experience was just "grand opening pains".  Unfortunately, it is not.We went the end of the second week after its opening.  The food was decent, but the service was terrible.  Very slow, and very disorganized.  It seemed to take forever before anyone came to our table after we sat down.  Eventually, we ordered our drinks, an appetizer, and our main courses.  Our main courses were eventually brought to the table, only to have the appetizer follow the serving of our main courses.  When we pointed this out, they took our main courses away, and left the appetizer.  I told them I did not want my food brought back to the table cold, but when it was brought back (after we finished the appetizer), it was anything but hot.  It took an act of congress to get a drink refill.  Okay, we thought.  It is just grand opening problems.  We'll try it again sometime in the future.That future was today.  Plenty of time for them to iron out their problems.  My wife and I went to the restaurant with a friend.  We were not greeted when we came in the restaurant, and a customer looked up at us and told us to just sit where we want.  So now the customers are giving other customers advise as to where to sit.  How lovely.  Never mind, we found a table and sat down.  We were given menus right away and a man took our drink order.  We then sat there for a good 15 minutes waiting for someone to take our food order.  We spotted a waitress who sat a couple down, immediately took their drink order, then immediately took their appetizer order, and I finally stopped her when she brought out the other tables appetizer.  It was obvious from the way she talked with this other couple that they were regulars.  I guess being not a regular, we didn't seem to matter.  Okay, so we gave her our orders.  My wife and I ordered the same dish, hers completely mild, and mine with medium heat.  Our friend placed his order.  After about 10 minutes, the waitress brought out my friends order and took my drink away asking what I would like in my refill.  My friend began eating, and I anticipated our order would be out within seconds.  After he had finished about a quarter of his meal, I saw our waitress with two dishes sitting up on the counter, and she was preparing take out orders.  We didn't have our food, and I never got my drink.  After a bit, i was beginning to get very annoyed, and I finally got up and asked what was going on.  Turns out that the food that was sitting on the counters for a long while were OUR orders.  She brought them over, then went and got me my drink.  This was a bit much.  Our food was anything was hot...in fact it was room temp, but I was sure not going to send it back.  i was already upset.  A man came over and told me that he would frank one of our meals.  I could care less about that....I just wanted my food and decent service.  Now here comes the cherry on the top.  My wife's meal was as spicy as mine.  They obviously didn't prepare hers mild, just made them both up in the same wok and what they make is what you get.  To top it off, the very last bite of chicken I put in my mouth I spit out as it was almost RAW.  I wanted to throw up.AVOID THIS RESTAURANT.  You have been warned.  i wouldn't go back if the food was free.  Granted, I never write to Yelp about places I like, but I hardly have ever written to complain either.  For me to do this write up, you know it is bad.
5	My husband and I visited Tom Yum Thai in Surprise for the first time this evening.  We were both very pleased with the food, the the friendly service, the timely service, the clean appearance and the ambiance.  The menu choices were great!  We especially liked the 1. 2. 3. step dinners.  And the mild, medium, hot, extra hot spice choice was great, too.  We will be returning.  A few of the Yelp reviews were not so good, but being a new place, perhaps they took note and straightened up their act...it has been open for about 2 months.
4	We were pleased to find a Thai Restaurant in Surprise. We lived in Seattle before retiring to Arizona and have eaten at many Thai Restaurants there. Tom Yum is right up there with the best. Tom Yum soup is the best. Have been there 4 times in the last two weeks and have tried almost everything they have on the menu and all has been very good. Only reason they don't get a 5 is the service and ordering of food needs a little tweaking, which they must fix or no matter how good the food is they will lose customers.
5	We had been waiting for this place to open for what seems like forever.It was worth the wait.Sometimes they are packed and things take longer than they should.  The food is great, just relax.  That has only happened 1 out of the 8 or so times we've been there since they opened.The curry is top notch.
4	This place replaced one of my lunch spots, an old Rubio's restaurant. It is located next to one of the sushi places I hit every week, Fresh Wasabi, so I was excited when I saw this Thai place make its way in.I didn't eat here, but I took food to go on a lunch break. There's a rating scale ranging from mild to medium to spicy and Thai spicy. I'm not used to seeing the actual red chili flakes, but with both dishes I ordered, it looked like red confetti sprinkled over everything. Just interesting observation though - not a deal maker or breaker for that matter. Like I said, the sprinkled red chili flakes made food look like confetti-inspired fun, perhaps? Tom Ka soup with added shrimp - very good. I ordered this medium and the sweetness of the coconut milk really complimented the spiciness of the soup. However, the medium is not as spicy as the medium at one of my other favorite Thai places, Satara. The shrimp was cooked well - I often worry that places overcook shrimp to the point of chewy-ness, but Tom Yum's shrimp was done still tender yet cooked. Yellow curry with chicken. - Cooked really well. The sauce is thinner but very close to the thickness I look for in my curries. I like my curry sauces on the extra thick, rich side. (Might as go "all out" when going unhealthy, right?) The taste was very enjoyable and flavorful. I was put on hold for what seemed like 10 minutes listening to their background noise when ordering over the phone. It was around lunch time though, so I understand they were extra busy. I worried for them thinking, what if they put other people on hold this long too? I almost hung up and was going to try again another time when the girl finally picked up and was able to take my order. That was my only minor gripe. Otherwise, I definitely will return here.  I love Thai food, and I'm glad that this location is so convenient to get to in Surprise.
4	Great Thai food.  My wife and I will be back for sure.  She said she loved the curry and egg rolls.
2	On our second time eating at Tom Yum we had a very disappointing experience.  It was about 5:45 and the restaurant was not busy.  There were 3 of us ordering.  My husband got has meal first.  After a long wait my mother got her food.  My husband was over half way done with his meal before my meal was brought to the table.  When I looked at it I thought it did not seem to be what I ordered.  It was loaded with bean sprouts and my meal was supposed to have broccoli and no bean sprouts..  I looked at the menu and was sure it was wrong.  When we told the waitress she said they must have mixed up the order and would cook the right dish. So I sat and waited again.We were charged for my meal even though the other 2 diners at my table were finished before my food ever came.  I noticed at other tables people received their meals at different times too..The whole experience was very poorly handled by the kitchen and servers.
2	"Where are the prices" my wife asked me when we started looking at the appetizers on the menu. We called our server over and she explained the numbers after the description were the prices, they just didn't include the "$" symbol. Weird, since the entree prices were clearly marked.  We started with the summer rolls expecting something similar to spring rolls we have had at many Thai restaurants.  These were very different due to the tortilla like wrapper that was fried crisp on the outside but was tough on the inside. The filling was mediocre and could have used some ginger or basil or any flavoring ingredient. $6 for six small summer rolls is overpriced in my opinion and I would not order them again.Spicy green beans with pork was my lunch selection and when it arrived I was stunned to see a 1/4" thick orange slice as garnish - something I would expect at the Sun City Denny's - but not on a gorgeous plate of peppers, green beans and pork slices. I dug in and found the food temperature barely lukewarm. My entree was nicely flavored with a fairly mild curry sauce and since this was our first meal at Tom Yum I had ordered medium hot and it was spot on for peppery heat. The sliced pork was on the tough side probably due to being cooked at too low a wok temperature thus sweating instead of frying.My wife tried the cashew pork and her entree arrived (with orange slice) piping hot, the pork was tender and the onion chunks perfectly cooked.  The sauce was very tasty and the pepper level was just right - medium.Entree portion sizes were not overly generous but the rice portions were downright tiny: one small soup bowl of rice per entree. I almost chose brown rice for an additional $1 but was very glad I didn't when I saw the skimpy little rice serving.
4	Stopped here to try lunch and....What a great addition to Surprise.  I enjoyed the pork pad Thai.  I went with no heat, but will be more adventurous and get mild heat next time.  Flavorful dish with peanuts and fresh bean sprouts to mix in the noodles.  The lunch also came with a ginger, seasoned soup and a nice sized egg roll.  I dropped $8 and my lunch guest spent $10 on the shrimp pad Thai.  Nice sized shrimp came with the dish.  I plan on trying the soup next, based on Bo R's recommendations.  Also since lunch was great.  Nice mix of flavors and a different lunch treat out in Surprise.  Finally not another burger or pizza place.  Try this place out, you will not be disappointed.  Plus its open till 10 PM.
5	Fresh, colorful and very tasty. Their lunch special is an amazing deal! Upon arrival we received a nice plate of small egg rolls and a delightful soup. We tried both the yellow and green curries, hot and mild respectively. The veggies were fresh; the portions were generous; and the sauces were right on. We also learned that they have another location in Central Phoenix called Thai'd Up near us that we will certainly try next.
3	It was tough for me to go with a lower star rating, especially since I really want to see this place succeed, but I had to go to 3 stars from 4 simply because the service is spotty.I really enjoy the food. I find it decently authentic, especially since I'm spoiled by really good Thai food all over San Diego. The thing is that the service isn't where it should be. It's still better than it was - the first time I visited, it took forever to get our appetizers and drinks - but something about how inconsistent the service was just bugged me. Took a while for water at some times, when it was quiet it felt like nobody was ready to take our order, things like that. I really like the pad thai here, though. My dad seemed to enjoy his sweet and sour pork, but I don't think he was blown away. I have previously ordered the pad si yew and that was pretty good as well.I also found the spiciness to be a little inconsistent. My dad ordered the same level of spiciness each time and they were a little far apart. Not sure what's up with that.I'm going to have to try some curries next time and see for myself how the spiciness scale is (I have ordered noodles and I don't typically order noodles to be very spicy). Although the prices seem fair from a San Diego perspective, I think they're a little high for Surprise. I hope these guys figure out their consistency and service issues because it would be a real shame for this place to be doing poorly, especially when there aren't a whole lot of options in Surprise for Thai.
3	I actually like this place and would like to give it a higher rating, but I felt like there should be a more inexpensive lunch special.  There is harsh competition out there for lunch.  My pad thai was pretty good, but I didn't really feel like there was any spice to it at all.  I asked for medium. I guess next time I will ask for hot.  The prawns were a decent size.  I do plan on trying them again, for dinner maybe.
5	Ive spent some time in thailand. i love the food, so took my wife to try this place. We had the tom ka gai soup. O man, you need to eat this, it is off the hook unreal! Order some and tell me its not the best soup you've ever had, and presented like ive never seen before. This is definitely my favorite restaurant in surprise, and has to be the best thai in AZ. Also highly recommend the yellow curry, pad thai, and crab rangoon, all amazing... Seriously do not listen to the negative reviews... Just go and try it for yourself. This place is not super busy and its too bad because it is real, healthy, unprocessed food, they even grow their own herbs on the patio. Do yourself a favor next time you have to wait in line at any of the mediocre chains on bell rd and go to Tom Yum instead. Great service too, every time we've been there.
5	The food here was very good. I've been to many Thai restaurants in other states and was not expecting to find one here in Arizona. But the food was amazing. Very flavorful and authentic. I suggest you try a little of everything, because all the dishes have a very unique flavor. The waitresses here are extremely nice and helpful also.
4	Delicious. Great food, we have never had a bad dish.
4	Great food!  Great service!  Knowledgable staff :).  Get the massaman curry - you'll thank me later!
5	My husband and I went to dinner at Tom Yum this evening because I had a craving for Thai food and remembered this place had opened recently, so we decided to try it.  When we got in there the 'hostess' told us that we could sit where we wanted (from across the room), but this didn't bother me as she was on her way to put an order in to the kitchen.Our server was very friendly and informed me as I received my soda that earlier in the week the regular and diet syrups were mixed up so if it tasted off to let her know... She comped the soda for me.  We were having a hard time picking what we wanted to try, so we ordered the Chicken Satay as an appetizer before we placed our entree order. The appetizer came out right as we were ordering our entrees (very quick).  I ordered the Broccoli Noodles with Beef, medium heat and my husband ordered the Pad Thai Noodles with Mixed Meat, medium heat.  It took longer than I had expected to get the food since we were one of three tables, but we were there fairly late and it seemed there there were only one or two people in the kitchen. When we received our food we were blown away at how great it tasted!!  Both the appetizer and our entrees were phenomenal.  Perfect amount of spiciness, temperature of food, consistency of noodles, texture and taste of meat, etc.  Everything was perfect.  Our server was very attentive throughout the entire meal.  All in all, Tom Yum surpassed my expectations and we will definitely be returning soon, and often, to enjoy delicious Thai food.
5	Excellent food and many vegetarian options! The Panang and the Drunken noodles as well as the summer rolls are excellent!
4	LOVE Thai food and frequent Tom Yum because the food is good, fresh and the service is friendly and personable.  I always order the Pad Thai but all their food is really quite good.  Check it out!
5	So happy to have a local Thai restaurant! Gave it a try and have enjoyed it four times in the  last month. Have tried the yellow,  green and red curries, drunken noodles,  pad thai, and summer rolls. Have not had a bad meal. Enjoying exploring the menu, and finding lots of new favorites!
2	So we don't have a lot of thai options this side of the valley. We tried this one for takeout. Very expensive compared to the other option. The food was bland too. We asked for a hot red curry and it was bland. I had to add hotsauce to it. Green curry was OK but not great.  Now,  I am comparing it to our other option, and for take out I can't recommend them.  We will try a sit down dinner with them and post an update.
5	Always wonderful food and great service, even after the first 6 months of being open.
5	What a great find...and in such an unexpected place! One would never think there would be a culinary oasis in the NW Valley, but now one has been found!This restaurant is gorgeously decorated without being prissy. The waitress greets you with a complimentary soup and fried roll with a delicious accompanying sauce. What a great start! Choose your protein! Choose your sauce! Done! You really cannot go wrong with their menu. The chicken is ample and the beef dishes are cooked to perfection. The vegetables, cooked nicely, still had a nice crunch. The curry dishes are simply wonderful, no matter whether you choose red, yellow or spice level. Run with your choice and enjoy!Again, this restaurant is WAY the heck out of nowhere (do not ask my why I was even near lol), but if you ever find yourself out this way, please do check this gem out!
4	Yay! Finally excellent Thai food in Surprise. Extensive menu, wonderful special entrees and reasonable prices. The servers are the same people all the time and they know what they are doing. Also very nice folks. We sometimes come with a very large crowd and our dinners still come out of the kitchen fairly quickly and more or less together. The dishes are also consistently prepared. There seem to be no good nights vs. bad nights. Always good every time. The soups  are also really good and there are no unidentifiable thingys floating around in them like the Vietnamese restaurant down the block. We keep coming back here and trying new dishes all the time. Never disappointed.
1	It's actually gotten worse - I normally order a green curry and a red curry from thai restaurants, and split them up for family members, in take out fashion. The curries themselves, the broth and the flavor just isn't there for me. I will continue to drive much further from Surprise to our go-to for take out thai. A shame because I really want any restaurant in my little community to have great food, and they are so close by :/
4	Found this restaurant totally by accident and so happy we did. I understand they have only been open for about 6 months, and yet, on a very rainy day, they still had a steady flow of lunchtime traffic. We ordered from the lunch menu - Shrimp Pad Thai, and Chicken Green Curry. We were encouraged and anticipating great flavors after sampling the complimentary soup and spring rolls. We were not disappointed. Pad Thai was delicious and one of the best I've had. It is my comparison dish, and truth be told, I can't go to a Thai restaurant without ordering their Pad Thai. The shrimp were big and juicy and the dish had just the right amount of seasoning. The green curry chicken was served in a bowl with rice on the side. So many subtle flavors in every bite - curry, of course, but the vegetables had this smoky quality - all too delicious. My partner couldn't quit raving about this dish!We will definitely stop back here the next time we pass through. What impressed us most, besides the very attentive service and cleanliness, was the freshness of the food. Really can't wait to go back. To the person who said they ordered spring rolls and that they were unhappy because they were fried - that's what spring rolls are: FRIED! On this menu, they are called Veggie Rolls, and clearly say they are fried. They resemble what most people know as Spring Rolls. Egg Rolls were not on the menu, and I don't believe they are Thai, but would have been larger, in any event. You probably meant to order the Summer Rolls, that are wrapped in a soft rice skin, and served with peanut sauce. Summer Rolls are not fried.Also, we thought the menu was just the right size with just enough variety.
5	Great restaurant. I ordered the noodle beef stew but was kinda bland so I switched it or the yellow curry. Omg the curry was fantastic. Waitress was nice. No issues with switching meal either. Little pricey over but good food over all.
4	Ordered delivery so I cannot speak to the restaurants ambiance. They promised delivery in 30 minutes and they were right on time. Pad Thai was delicious! So happy they are in Surprise.  Nice break from Panda Express.
5	This place is GREAT!  Been coming here since they opened.  Staff is super friendly and food is wonderful.  The only suggestion I have is that if you want a medium spicy then, have them put it on the side and you can add as needed.Their homemade sweet and sour sauce it AMAZING that comes with their spring rolls, which, by the way are amazing as well!  Love those little suckers...lolOtherwise, everything I have tried on the menu has been very good.If its not, then they will make it right.Nice place to go for lunch, etc.  Small dining area, but it makes it kind of cozy.
5	Pad thai chicken is the bomb!! I love this dish. You get a good amount for the price. I want to try more dishes here. I have also tried the shrimp rice and the shrimp pad thai and they are good too.  When you eat in, there is a server there by the name of Ana and she is very nice. Excellent customer service and very pleasant to have as a server.
4	I went into Tom Yum for the first time on a Friday. I called the order in at 5:00pm and was told it would be ready in 15 minutes. I arrived at 5:30 and was told that my pad thai was still being cooked which I thought was strange because I was late picking up my order. 15 minutes later the take-out lady realizes my order has been sitting on the counter the whole time. Annoying, but it happens.I ordered the seafood red curry and it was delicious. The beef pad thai was pretty good too.The curry is phenomenal but I wish the portions were a little larger (especially for dinner).
5	This place is FANTASTIC!!  Not only is their food amazing but they deliver too!!  The restaurant is located in a busy plaza near the Wal-Mart Super Center in Surprise.. Being Thai I expect a lot when I go out for Thai food and this place never disappoints.. I have loved every dish that I've ordered... Their Beef Salad is so fresh and so tasty..  And their Drunken Noodles is without a doubt one of my faves - it's super spicy so if you can't take the heat you may wanna order something else or ask them to put very little spice in the dish...  The only negative thing I could say about this place is when you order the Mango w/ Sweet Sticky Rice you don't get a whole mango as the menu suggests, instead you get half (if that), but regardless of the amount it is SO SO GOOD!
5	Wow, it gets better every time. The food is great, great service, and a convenient location for the Surprise crowd. They always seem to have people in there so they must be doing something right! Chicken pad thai noodles are the best. My wife gets the orange chicken and we usually end up splitting it, and still manage to take a whole plate home! I could go on but I am sure you get the point, it's a safe bet for a great dinner!
3	Meeting some friends for dinner, they live in Whitman. Looks cute from the outside. It is at the back of a very busy shopping center so if you don't know the area, you will have to search a little for it.We were greeted when we arrived. The waitress took our drink order quickly . We ordered Chicken Satay as that typically takes a bit of time to prepare.  We ordered 4 entrees.The chicken used for the Satay was not well trimmed of fat, but it tasted ok. Emperor Shrimp (hot )was beautiful looking and delicious, My friend could not finish it by himself.Drunken noodles also got a rave, though she did not expect a thick wide noodle. I don't normally order this so I wouldn't know what kind of noodle should be in it.Hubby and I both had curries Panang and Musaman chicken both ordered medium heat . They were both very good and the heat level seemed right on. The only thing I would suggest would be that they cut the chicken and potatoes smaller.  A good time was had by all, the waitress checked on us frequently enough to keep out tea and water filled. I would definitely return and recommend this place.
4	Glad to have them here in Surprise, I dropped in for lunch on the run a few weeks ago and I really enjoyed my meal.  I had the green beans with chicken, it was very tasty, cooked well.  I loved the veggie soup !! The brown rice was rock hard, so I had to send it back, seemed way old and left out, but the white they replaced it with was heavenly, fresh, fragrant, amazing!
5	We love this place! I am a big fan of Thai cuisine, and this hits the spot. I especially love that it's just a mile or so north of our house; we often walk here instead of driving. The food is yummy, the prices are right, and I love that it's not a big, crowded place-- however we hope that they do get good business, as it'd be a shame to lose them!
5	This is one of my favorite restaurants in Surprise and I've never been disappointed with anything I've ordered.  The Crab Rangoon are very tasty and fresh and an excellent way to start a meal.  My usual dish is Chicken with Peanut Sauce and I've found it rather addictive.  Normally I order it as double-Thai hot which gives it a great kick.  A friend who tried Thai food a long time ago but had a bad experience tried it here and he really liked his meal.  Now he's a regular at a local Thai restaurant in San Diego.I hope this place sticks around for a long time.
4	This is my favorite restaurant in Surprise. Good service and consistently good food. Pretty vegetarian/vegan friendly. I recommend the yellow curry w/ tofu.
5	In a word, heavenly! This food is divine. I am so excited to finally have an authentic and delicious Thai restaurant right here in Surprise. I've been in three times and each time gets better. I love the Thai hot Tom Yum soup with mango sticky rice. Friendly staff and fairly quick service too. I'm going to come more regularly.
4	I ordered the green curry dish for dinner and it was very tasty but it didn't come with enough white rice. Most likely will return.
4	Thai good can't get any better here.very neat atmosphere.good music. I would warn you though potions are huge and will fill you. Also If you are big on non oily food you'd better ask for less oil in fried noodles!
4	Service is excellent.  The soup was different from what I was used to, but was told it's closer to the  authentic version.  Ask for their spicy fish sauce if it's tip mild for you.  Overall a very positive experience.  Food is good for the money, but not quite good enough for five stars.
4	I ordered delivery and my food arrived pretty fast. I ordered the beef pad Thai which was the best pad Thai I have had in a long time. The spice level was hot and got me sniffling a little bit but I love spice so I was just testing the waters, next time I will try Thai hot. My stepson ordered the chicken chow mein mild which he said was ok but I don't always trust the palette of a 14 year old. We shared an order of spring rolls which were pretty good. I'd definitely recommend eating here, I'll update you the next time I go.
5	I have to write this place was a total surprise to me in terms of its service and quality of food. Here we were, at Sun City West where the blue hair crowd was driving golf carts on the streets to get around. Understandably then, my expectation to find a tasty Thai restaurant was low. Imagine my raised eye brows when we opened the door to a pleasantly decorated and clean interior. Most importantly, the smell of the Thai food was mouth watering delicious!!!The place was crowded and everyone's plate looked fantastic that before I sat down, I became excited to eat there. We ended up ordering the green curry and it was creamy, rich, full of flavor and out of this world!!!I promptly forgot my no rice rule and mixed the green curry with my rice and it was soooo good!!!!If you are ever in the area and are looking for a place to eat, this place is highly recommended!!!!  Yum, finger licking, bowl licking clean good!  Yup, it's that good!!!!
5	This place is excellent! The food is fast and delicious. I ordered the ginger chicken dish and was very very happy. The staff is also very nice and attentive. I will definitely be back!
4	I went for the first time today. I ordered the Pad Thai lunch combo with pork. It was very tasty! The service was good and so were the spring rolls and soup they served as an appetizer. The restaurant was clean and had pleasant music playing in the background.  I will certainly be back. I was very satisfied with my experience.
4	Delicious! We loved the curry and Thai spice. We thought we would get more seafood/meat per dish, but it was still good. Flavors were fantastic!
5	The service was excellent! And if your in to hot food they offer a double Thai hot option which is very hot but really good. My wife is a vegan and they have plenty of options for her as well. 6 stars!
4	Okay, I am editing my review because this place made it right. I had a bad experience with the delivery and after writing my review and calling the restaurant the owner (manager?) emailed me and asked if she could make me happy. So, she sent me a $50 gift card and told me to please come in and try the food. We drove the 10-15 minute drive out to this place and were VERY pleased! The food really does live up to the reviews. The service was great as well. My husband got Massuman and I got the peanut sauce. Very similar (I should have gotten the curry) but BOTH really delicious. I liked my husbands a tad better. My kids got noodles and broccoli and ate every last bite. We also got the crab rangoons which we loved. We definitely will be returning. I am glad they decided to encourage us to come in as the food was great! Now I'm really wishing they delivered out in Peoria.
4	I tried to edit my review from last time. Not sure it worked. But the management made it right. She sent us a $50 gift card so we would come try it again. We did today and had a wonderful experience. We ordered: crab Rangoon (tasty), Massuman, and chicken and broccoli with peanut sauce. My kids got chicken and broccoli over flat noodles. We loved everything! I'm really wishing I would have gotten the green curry. I will for sure go back and am glad Tara took the time to make it up to us!
5	Yum in their name is so correct. Everything we have tried has been delicious. The coconut soup and pad thai are my favorites. The service is great even when the place is packed.
4	My new favorite place! An unassuming hidden gem! The stewed curry beef and Pad Thai are my faves along with panang,  coconut mushroom soup and Thai tea. Service is always friendly and on point also they deliver.
3	Overall good Thai food.  Some times are better than others so it might just depend on the chef for the day..
3	Food has gotten better! The curries are better, I'm not sure if they got someone new in the kitchen or just started to get better ingredients. I tried it out a few weeks ago and it's considerably better! Good job!
3	We ordered take out from here.. (Over priced) The food was okay.. I thought the large soup would be a lot bigger then what we received. IOrdered the drunken noodles with veggies. It didn't taste that great, I wasn't able to finish eating it. My husband ordered pad Thai he said it was good but has had better. I doubt we will be trying this place again.
4	We happened upon this place, when we tried to go to Applebees but found that it had burned down, since our last visit. I was thinking that it was  very bold having "Yum" in your name. Living up to that name would be a tall order in the cut throat restaurant world of Grand ave and Bell Rd. Turns out the name is for a Thai soup and is not a customer attraction and engagement system. I Really! Really! like Tom yum soup, try it and thank me (you will). Also pick out any curry and you shouldn't be disappointed.
5	Food is always good, come here every Monday, great staff too! Megan and Lowen are always awesome servers and we only visit when they are working!
4	Wow! Really surprised with the food & service at Tom Yum. It was our 1st time and never thought about twice about going in and glad we finally decided to check it out. The restaurant is small and in a strip mall hidden in a corner. The service & kids were very nice and always smiling. The soup pot with Tom Kha was super followed by the crispy noodles and seafood. Really good and will be back.
5	The peanut sauce is delicious!! The best crab ragoon, I've ever tasted!! The Tom Kah (coconut soup) is oh my! So Good!!!!! The staff is super nice and make every experience, a wonderful one! Thank you!
5	DELICIOUS!!!! We tried the panang pork and larb chicken. So yummy!! The place is adorable and the staff is very friendly. We will be back! (I need to try the coconut ice cream) :)
5	Wonderful food!  We did take out. The food was fresh, hot and exactly the correct level of spice. The summer rolls were amazing!
5	Great service!Food is on point.. Flavors are so good.I love this place. Already been back a second time and I will continue to go:)
5	First time here after reading reviews and I went in expecting a really good meal. That is exactly what we got too. Started with the crab Rangoon since everyone said they were amazing and true to my fellow yelpers, they truly were. I then had the shrimp clay pot for my entree. By far one of the best meals in a while. Perfectly seasoned and cooked. My partner had the summer rolls with shrimp to start and their version of the hoisen sauce that went with them was very very good. His main entree was the chicken pad Thai seasoned "Thai Hot" which mixed with the sweetness of the dish made the heat just right. We didn't have dessert since we were both full but next time I want to try the sweet sticky rice with custard. That sounds amazing. Overall I highly recommend this place and we will be back soon.
4	I order from here frequently. The food is superb, and the kids love it. My favorites are yellow curry with chicken, extra veggies, and no potatoes.  Very accommodating of special requests.Caution: when ordering through the Yelp app, if you have ANY special instructions,  call them in. They messed up a delivery order twice, despite special allergy instructions being printed prominently in bold on the order ticket.  Supposed to be getting a refund, but it's been a few days now with no follow-up so I'm not hopeful.
5	My favorite Thai place in the valley. Highly recommend the Pad Thai. I am not able to eat really spicy or hot food and every time I order from here they understand thst. The wait staff is very good and willing to help at anytime.
4	Delicious yellow curry meal with chicken and the other person enjoyed pad thai. Spiciness of 2 worked! Loved the Thai iced tea; no room for dessert.
4	Oh.my.goodness.I'm addicted. I was wary of eating here based on the reviews. I've eaten Thai everywhere from Chicago to LA. So I chose a safe dish, pad thai w/tofu & veggies. It was not like any pad thai I've ever had but it was AMAZING. So good, I actually want it again, now. We also ordered the crispy tofu and spring rolls, both awesome with their sweet & sour sauce. Kids liked it. Finished with their homemade coconut ice cream-they need to sell it by the container for sure-it's so delicious.I question the size/intake of the reviewers who complain about the portion sizes. We've had leftovers every time. Possibly these are the reviews of guys in a starting NFL lineup? I dunno....Side note--service is so-so. First time we went, we had to call the waitress over every single time, for anything. She may also have been planning for a zombie apocalypse or something bc we had to practically pry extra napkins and silverware away from her. Second visit, no issues.
4	Good food. Friendly srvers. Food was predictable but tasty, so no complaints !!! Makes for a good experience. The thai iced tea was great. I would definitely visit again :)
5	Fantastic food!  My wife and I love it.  We've tried 6 or 7 different entrees here and it is up to par with any other great Thai restaurants we've been to around the country.  Service is always great and you can't beat the lunch specials.  2 thumbs up!
1	I did not enjoy myself at all. From the moment I sat down to a sticky table and disgruntled server. The iced green tea tasted old and watered down. The server forgot the extra sides and dessert from the meal. The food itself was flavor less and greasy.
5	My wife and I frequent this place quite a bit. It's absolutely delicious!  We are big lovers of Thai Cuisine and have been to many over the years. This place is definitely one of the best!  The staff is very nice and we've never had anything but a wonderful experience!
4	Decided to check them out after not being happy with the Thai food selection in the area. Took my mom to lunch and LOVED the food!! I had the Pad Thai and it was so tasty. It was a bit spicier than I would have liked, but the flavor was so good that the spicy did not take away from it! If my mouth has to burn a few minutes after I finish the meal then so be it. My mom had the Green Curry which she said was delicious as well. We arrived about 11 am and through our hour in the place there were only about 4 other customers dining in or picking up on a Tuesday. The place was clean, the waitress friendly, and I appreciated the hour of quiet. I will definitely be back in again. LOVED IT!
1	Let's start off with the food, it was actually good, like REALLY good. But no matter how good the food is, if the service is garbage, it completely sours the experience. I would have been more than happy to give this place 4 maybe even 5 stars but our experience there completely ruined my lunch, and that is just something I cannot forgive. So what happened exactly, that left me so dissatisfied you ask? I had ordered chicken pad Thai and my wife ordered the yellow curry chicken, this is the same meal we order at every Thai restaurant we've ever been too. After what seemed like a lifetime (30 min) a man brings out our food, my meal was correct but my wife's yellow curry had turned into a red curry. What you have to understand is that even though I love spicy food, my wife cannot stand it. She politely lets the man know that she had ordered yellow curry, honest mistake and one that is easily corrected. This is obviously not what my complaint is, that would make me a jackass. What really caught me by surprise and really upset me was how the man reacted to my wife's polite correction. As soon as she said it, he gave her the ugliest look you will ever see, she was surprised and said, "I did order the yellow curry" he scoffed at her and looked at her like she had just lied to his sainted mother. I was beside myself. Now all this is bad enough, but what added the icing to the cake was when we found out the man was actually the owner of the restaurant. I will never step foot inside this place. No meal is worth being treated like crap. I wish people would understand that you are in the business of customer experiences, no one forced you to get into the business, you did it by choice. And being in the business of customer experiences it is your job, nay, your duty to make your customers feel good when they leave your establishment, not like they were trespassing somewhere where they were not welcomed. I am truly disgusted and saddened by this owners actions towards two nice friendly and loyal patrons. Needless to say, we will never return to this restaurant.
1	I went there tonight for dinner.  The place smelled wonderful but I was hungry.  I sat at the bar area.  There were 3 tables & someone else at the bar area.  I sat there for a little over 5 minutes without even being approached by waitstaff with a menu & a "I'll be right with you."  One waitress did come out of the kitchen twice to answer the phone then went right back in without addressing me.  The other waitress was taking an order.  The man at the bar got up walked around the counter and washed his hands at the bar then came around & sat back down.  At this point I left.  Someone there needs to get their act together.  You HAVE to be diligent and attentive with your customers.
5	I cannot get enough of  Tom Yum's food.   I'm a yellow curry girl and my husband likes the Pad Thai, but we've liked everything we've tried.  If you're unsure of what to order, just ask your server.  If you don't care for Thai-type flavors (coconut, curry, lime, cilantro, lemongrass, fish sauce, tamarind, chiles), then don't bother with the plainer-sounding items on the menu.  You'll probably be disappointed.Be aware that on different days, there are different cooks, so the level of heat you order may be slightly different.  I usually go for medium spicy, then request the additional chile powder and sauces to be sent to my table, so I can adjust accordingly.  If you order a dish that is supposed to have some heat and you order it "no spice", you will be missing out on the dish's intended flavor.  Their coconut ice cream and mango sticky rice are perfect, so save room.Delivery to our house was slow (just under an hour), so unless you're homebound, just go pick it up yourself.
