4	I rented a full size, but they did not have one ready.  They offered a free upgrade to a SUV.  So, we took it.  In and out in less than 10 mins.  NICE!  We were suppose to bring back the rental on Wednesday at 6pm, but due to traffic in CA we missed the 6pm closing time.  We called before hand to inform them we were going to be late due to traffic.  The branch manager, William Ray said if I bring back the rental by 7:30am on Thursday, they will not charge me extra.  But I did receive a call from another person from the branch said that they will charge me when I was on the road.  I told him was William said and all he said was but you are late.  Maybe I will charge you 1/2 a day???  WTF!!!  When I returned the rental on Thursday morning, I did not say anything to see what the charges were.  No, they did not charge me an extra day or charges.  And I was out of there in 5 mins.  I am not sure what the mis-communication was but in the end it worked out.
1	I have come to this location 4 times now and each time is the same terrible experience.  I have to travel for work, so am forced to rent a car, but I think I need to find a new Enterprise location to go to.  Each time I have a reservation and each time takes no less than 30 minutes to get in and out...I can't imagine how long it would take without a reservation.  Usually there is a line of no less than 5 people and usually there are two to three people working.  Although the staff continually apologizes for the delays, nothing changes.  The staff answers the phone and assists customers over the phone before they will help the customers in the store.  Once they do call you up and start helping help you,if the phone rings, they will answer the call, pause working with you and begin helping the customer on the phone.  It's ridiculous.  I've also picked up a car with less than a tank of gas in the car.  Sure, I don't have to have it filled up when I return the car, but it is such an inconvenience to have to fill it up before I start my trip.  You'd think returning the car would take less time, right?  Think again.  Still at least a 30 minute wait.  This location is EXTREMELY under-staffed.  I dread having to go there.  Hopefully seeing this review will entice them to hire more staff so they can stop wasting their in store customers' time.
5	Everytime I use enterprise they give me a great service at Sweettouch definitely recommend
5	This place is night and day from last year! The manager, Eddie is super friendly and awesome! The staff is very accommodating and I'm in and out quickly....no long waits. I'm so happy with their service now and am a satisfied, reoccurring customer :)
1	Aside from all the other reviews, this has to be the worst service that I have ever gotten!! My son and I were involved in a hit and run accident on Saturday, so naturally my patience was anything but superb.We arrived at the rental place where it was extraordinarily busy, so I stood in somewhat of a line, actually it was a mess! no line formation and they just took whoever came up to the counter, regardless of who was there first. So I was waiting my turn when this woman cut in front of me and went to the desk. My husband approached her and asked if she had cut me in the line and she responded yes. Really?! How about common decency! So the young woman behind the counter, heaved an annoyed sigh and asked the woman to step back in line. Let me tell you, this Enterprise "customer service" woman rolled her eyes at me. Really? This is how you treat customers? By heaving a great sigh and rolling your eyes at them?Next off, it wasn't just me and my husband that were treated rudely but this other gentleman that had been there prior to us arriving. He was told that he was on the car waiting list, yet people who had arrived after him got vehicles. He approached the counter and asked this Eddie guy why he didn't have a vehicle yet. Eddie, taking his cue from the other woman heaved a sigh, continued his work and literally ignored the guy asking his questions. The man was just trying to ask why he didn't have a car, like the rep had said multiple times that he was going to get one. The rental rep then proceeded to walk away!! Kid you not! The man then directed his attention to the woman asking if he could speak to a manager about the service. The woman's response: " Sir if you continue to act violent, I'm going to have to ask you to leave." The man never became violent or threatening in anyway. His temper was rising, but he posed no threat to me. After that, the woman too ignored him and walked away. Enterprise rent-a-car, is shameful! You don't treat customers this way and you sure don't treat people this way. Definitely the very last time I will deal with these beastly people again.
