4	This place is a nice place to go for brunch, especially with a group - they're very accomodating even at the last minute.  Pretty view of the golf course from inside.  Atmosphere is a little rough around the edges, but the place is well loved.  The staff make you feel like family and the food always comes out fast.  The food is mediocre - never had anything there that was gourmet, but you can get a decent meal in a nice spot.  They do weddings and receptions and the pretty golf course scenery makes it a fine spot for a special occassion.
4	This is located on the Dobson Ranch Golf Cource property. A separate building from the main club house, it servces as the gathering point for all the golfers.  But it is also a complete restaurant.  They also do wedding events and other parties, but can't comment beyond that. As a HUGE golfer, I have learned to never overlook the golf course restaurant as a place for good food. Especially breakfasts and lunches. Want a good burger, dog, fries, wings, or selection of breakfast items, don't overlook your local golf course restaurant. The restaurant has recently been taken over by Lefty and his wife.  A nice couple who have been an integral part of Dobson Ranch for many years.  Now, they run the restaurant under contract from the City of Mesa.  I don't frequent the restaurant part, as I end of spending most of my time in the bar area.  As a member of the Dobson Ranch Men's Club, this bar area serves as the gathering point for the men's club golfers before and after rounds. The breakfast menu offers a variety of food. I have especially enjoyed the large stack of pancakes.  This is one of the best places I have found in the valley for pancakes. Forget I-Hop, Village Inn or the other chains, I would go here for breakfast over most other places. Also on the menu for breakfast are stuffed French Toast.  French Toast filled with cream cheese filling.  Will probably be my next tasting...Have also had the hamburgers, wings and dogs for food during my many visits. Friday, had a club sandwich with fries in a to-go box on my way to out for a round of golf.  Now I will admit I was very hungry, but these were some of the best fries I have had in some time. Located just south of Baseline on Dobson Road in the Dobson Ranch Golf Course, if you are looking for a breakfast without any lines or waiting, stop by... I think you will find a new hidden gem for breakfast...Only downside, it is a little more pricey than the usual.  But I think it is well worth it!!
4	This is a great place to hold your next networking or board meeting.   They have a couple of private rooms and can either customize the menu or have you order off the regular menu.   The staff is courteous and never gets in the way while you are conducting your meeting.
5	Great Restaurant for Breakfast.....I have breakfast here once every week!  The food is good, priced reasonably and the service is great!  Thanks to Adam, who always takes care of me.  As they say, Try It...You'll Like It!
4	I go here each Wed. morning for a business networking meeting, food is good, service is great.  It does not take long for our server Adam, to know who you are and how you like your food.
5	Nice reasonable price breakfast, just right before a round of golf Staff are super friendly and efficient Will be back
