5	I really like this Pizza Express and I always take advantage of their 2 for 1 offers on the website or the back of cinema tickets. Service is swift and the food is consistant. The large windows give a nice view of the water and bustle at the Leith shore. There are lots of healthy options on the menu as well decent veggie options.
3	I've never been a PE fan. PE of the Italian nature in this particular case, but the boy wanted pizza, I wanted kitchen tiles and definitely didn't want the options in our local area. To Leith! And to the offerings on both the tile and pizza front. With great reluctance (me), we settle on Pizza Express as it has a greater variety of options for the non meat eater. And I have to say, along with my pizza, I'll eat my words, as this was good pizza. I had the vegetarian 'doughnut' pizza i.e. pizza with salad in the middle (500 calories baby) complete with roasted onions, courgette and pepper. Delicious! The boy enjoyed his chicken pizza in equal measure. PE - I stand corrected, you are very worthy of my coinage. At least at this branch.
4	Well, it's Pizza Express, innit. You know what you're getting as soon as you step into this place. Consistently tasty food on a voucher deal and pretty quick and painless service.I've been in and out of this restaurant quite a few times over the past six months and have no complaints. Just always remember to check the voucher sites before turning up - the idea of paying full price for a Pizza Express is like paying full price for a Domino's.
4	Really good. I don't know how to say this any better. They have done away with the 'wood and rustic' feel that was seriously outdated. Instead they now have tables with Italian marble and Mediterranean stripe. Soft mint green walls and a real open kitchen. The offererings are same ol' same ol', and with the fresh interior and quality on offer it is still just as tasty.  We ordered a mezze starter mix and a variety of Romana pizzas - and a gluten free one as well. all this went down a treat and - yes - we bagged and tagged the leftovers. The service was quick, curteous and flexible! I ordered an affagato - though not being on the menu they happily managed to serve us one. For a chain this place is very very good!
4	a warm sunny evening had me off to meet up with the lovely nikki a. for some pizza, gossip, and free prosecco from pizza express.  now, perhaps pizza express isn't the first place that comes to mind when thinking of where to go for a girly night out, but it was hard to resist since they had sent me a voucher for a bottle of free prosecco for my birthday :)we'd booked a table outside, but decided that it was getting a bit breezy so the waiter happily showed us a table inside.  although there was only two of us he sat us at a table for four which was nice since we had a bit of extra space.  he almost promptly brought the prosecco over so we could have a drink while looking over the menu.pizza express clearly does one thing well and that is pizza!  we both went for the pandana leggera pizza, while i started with the mozarella and tomato salad and my dining partner had the dough balls.  although we were initially told that it could be up to 30 minutes for food, our starters arrived fairly quickly.  a mozarella and tomato salad is basic but i think what makes the pizza express version is their amazing pesto sauce drizzled around the side!  i only wish there had been more of it!pizzas arrived shortly after starters, so i assume the kitchen wasn't as slow as they predicted.  although the leggere version is smaller than the typical version, i definitely didn't feel like i was missing out on anything!  that pizza base was crisp and the goats cheese and carmalised onions made it delicious.  i also felt sort of healthy with the salad in the middle of the pizza, although that may have been cancelled out by the polenta fries nikki and i shared.  as a side note the polenta fries are awesome and sharing food means that calories don't count ;)we finished up with the mini desserts, me opting for the brownie and a tea instead of the coffee.  the brownie was incredibly good and indulgent but the perfect size as it was just big enough to really enjoy but small enough not to feel like i was overindulging.the food was definitely good, but i also have to make a point of saying that the service was really excellent.  our prosecco glasses never went empty (until sadly the bottle was finished), the wait staff was super attentive making sure that our food was brought out promptly and any extras were brought out as well.  also our waiter had a bit of witty banter with us which made it for a very fun evening!definitely enjoyed this pizza express and i know i'll be back :)
5	We had a totally farcically bad time here last year, and following an even worse (top 3 worst EVER restaurant experiences) in North Bridge Pizza Express, it took a lot for us to go here tonight. Actually it took rubbish treatment across the road, dirty eyes (don't you dare come in here even though we're still open eyes) from a close by establishment, and a bunch of actual closed places at 9.15 on an August Thursday night for us to plump for PE.To my total surprise and delight, they immediately restored my faith in hospitality. The server who greeted us was "glad to" seat us, chat a bit, read us like books, bring us everything we ordered and more, make us feel at ease, feed us yummy dishes, and earn every penny he and the company makes. He was really good at his job and seemed to genuinely enjoy himself. Finally.....SO Pizza Express Shore are back on the list (never thought i"d say that! Tho North Bridge will never get another chance). Thanks to them and our server. You made a crappy night miles better....
