4	This is a review of the Dinosaur Mountain course.Gold Canyon was a trip.  The first turn in to the parking lot made it seem like the drive from civilization might not be worth it as it had the feel of pulling in to a mobile home park.  This somewhat underwhelming feeling was enhanced by the sign on the golf shop door stating that water was not available on the course and the range with its mats and 'no drivers allowed' sign.  It was definitely not until I hit the pracitce green near the 1st tee and then the course itself that I thought it would be worth the time and money.Alone the golf course would probably merit a 5 star rating.  It was in great shape with firm, smooth and fast greens.  The layout was decent and required a number of different shots and there were some incredible views.  The greens fees were not too bad.  But factoring in the aforementioned points plus a fairly expensive but only average burger in the restaurant afterwards puts the overall experience at 4 stars.  I will definitely consider returning next year.
4	My boyfriend and I ended up spending a long weekend here because his grandmother had a week expiring on her timeshare with no one to use it.  So here we were!We aren't golfers.  We came to see AZ.  We were in an interesting spot to do it ... we spent most of our time in the Superstition Mountains and Phoenix and then did one day trip into Sedona.  So from a proximity perspective, if you are interested in seeing more than just the Grand Canyon, it's a good spot.Regarding accomodations, we really liked our little condo.  Although the furniture selection was a little random (like why have a love seat but no sofa), it was definitely adequate.  The beds were comfortable.  And we LOVED having our own private hot tub.  We discussed several times that we should maybe install one at the house!!  It was just great to get in a soak after a long day of touring.We also really liked the restaurant on site.  There's not much to choose from in terms of eats in Apache Junction but the Kokopelli's was really nice.  I had a delicious salad with strawberries, blue cheese, and grilled chicken one night and fish over pasta the next.  Both were fabulous.  There was live music and the service was really good.  We met some super interesting people and so the conversation was flowing.  It was just a really enjoyable place to spend a night under the AZ sky!One kind of crazy thing that happened was there was a huge mud slide that wiped out part of the golf course and filled the parking lot.  We couldn't drive into the resort for a couple of hours one evening as a result.  Luckily, they reopened the kitchen to serve us since we were late arriving.  I'm just glad we got locked out, not it!
4	I only can comment on the golf courses (Dinosaur and Sidewinder).  The courses are really good desert golf courses.  Dinosaur is a true high desert course...playing shots up the mountain to trickle into collection areas along the course.  The greens are fast and require precision to get good scores....if your handicap is above 20....just enjoy the round, this course isn't where you're going to break 80 or even 90 for that matter.  The sidewinder I think is a really good golf course and actually includes the back 9 of the old Dinosaur mountain course (before the addition of another 9 per course).  You'll notice the 2 new nines pretty quickly...the Dinosaur new 9 runs through tract housing on some holes and Sidewinder is much more flatter.  I actually prefer Sidewinder on most days because of the more true test of golf...unless you consider good center fairway drives that trickly off into desert on Dinosaur fair??  Hole #14 I think on Dinosaur overlooks Superstition Mountain Country Club.... I used to work here when I was at ASU....GREAT GOLF COURSE IF U CAN GET ON!!!  Okay, if you haven't played GCGR you should play it atleast once and I guarantee you'll be back to play again.
5	Absolutely love the golf here.  Played the Dinosaur course with a buddy who recently moved here when we were down on vacation.  The course was in great shape (November) and the pace was actually pretty fast  (4 1/2 hours) for AZ in November.  We played with some members who knew the place and they were a big help.  The views were spectacular and as much as I hate playing anywhere near houses, they were far enough back that  generally even I couldn't slice into their backyards.  The GPS on the cart was a nice luxury for someone who hadn't played there before.  The elevated driving range was fine, although I would always rather hit off of grass and not being able to my driver was a bummer although it didn't affect me on the course because I don't hit it that well anyways.After golf, we ate at the restaurant and I had the Chicken Oscar.  It was fantastic, as were the numerous Bloody Mary's I consumed.  Probably the best ones I've ever had.  I have to say though, my friend "knew some people", so we didn't pay full price to golf.  Maybe if I had paid full price, I would only say 4 stars but since I didn't it's 5!
4	Dinosaur is one of my favorite golf courses in Arizona.  The course itself winds through the Superstition foothills, and the elevation changes are spectacular.  The course has always been in the best condition imaginable, and the marshals are always helpful.The first time I played it, I had the same doubts of other reviewers. The practice area is small,  only has mats, and you can only hit irons and hybrids.  The putting area is small and there are no bunkers or chipping areas nearby.  For those people from the North that haven't golfed during the winter months, it does not really give a person a chance to get their game together - which they will need to do to golf Dinosaur.But once you get on the course, you forget all of that. The beauty of the site and the wildness is amazing.  I have seen deer, coyotes, cougars, and javelinas on the course, despite houses sprinkling some of the fairways.A beautiful course, and the only thing keeping it from getting 5 stars is the practice/warmup area.
5	I hosted a large conference (100+ people) just this last week. Gold Canyon Resort was not only responsive to our needs, but had some of the best customer/guest service. No request or last-minute change was too big - they were extremely accommodating. Meals were excellent, accommodations were great, and everyone provided service with a smile. I would go back over and over again!
3	This review is for Sidewinder.  When I play Dinosaur Mountain later this summer, the rating is subject to change.The Sidewinder golf course itself is probably worthy of four stars.  The course was interesting enough, but there were a few quirks about the place that drops its rating a bit.First, the practice facility was a bit odd.  Next to the clubhouse is a driving range with mats, with no drivers allowed, and the putting green has targets, and not holes.  By the looks of the aerial view a la Google Maps, however, there might be a *real* practice area on the opposite side of the driving range.  If so, they should probably have advertised it.Second, the greens were a bit slow and bumpy.  It looks like they were plugged only a couple weeks before we played.  An aerification warning would have been nice.  Besides that, the course was in great shape.Finally, and this is my biggest complaint, there was NO WATER ON THE COURSE.  In ARIZONA.  During SUMMER.  I consider this utterly absurd, and almost dropped it to two stars for this unfortunate fact alone.  I have played some pretty crappy golf courses, but this might be the only one I've played without water on the course.  Even municipals usually have gross water fountains.  You can BUY water, of course.  And they'll give you tap water at the turn if you ask for it.  But this is ridiculous.
2	Very average, amongst beautiful scenery. Not a lot to say here. Very average food you can get almost anywhere. Not a ton of flavor, service took about 35 minutes in an empty place for 2 simple sandwiches. If everything else is closed, and you're starving, go here.
3	Golf: 5 stars. Hotel: 1 star. I'll start with the golf that gold canyon golf resort has to offer. The two courses they have are both amazing, dinosaur winds thru the foothills of superstition Mountain and the views are breathtaking. I would recommend anyone with the slightest interest in golf, even if your not any good to play a round here, throw out the score card and just enjoy the best round you'll ever play because this is really a great course and the layout is awesome.Now, with that being said, go play golf and go home, because I would not recommend the hotel at all. It basically ruined our experience. We stayed for four nights on a business trip, so my experiences were confirmed by other people on our party (it wasn't just our room or our one bad experience). There was no vending machines available and the ice machines were turned off, so when we arrived at ten at night the kitchen was closed and we were left to the mercy of our mini bar and a few overpriced snacks and  warm water and beer in the fridge that was turned to the warmest setting. We had a nice looking room but the 27" tv was on the lower level of our room so you couldn't see it from bed. Our window had moisture between the panes so the what could be a beautiful view was ruined. The bathroom door did not latch.  The shower was a walk in style that looked nice but the water adjustment was past the shower head, so you would turn it on and have to jump out of the way of the cold water. It took five + mins to warm up and if it wasn't adjusted to the correct temp, you had to reach thru the water to adjust it. Once in, the rain style shower head was nice but it had no pressure and was wore out so some of the streams shot out in odd angles. We had to call house keeping for an iron, we had a board in the closet but no iron. The hair dryer broke on my Gf and started making a horrible screeching noise??? I'm not exaggerating at all, it almost became humorous as these things surfaced it was so unbelievable. Oh, and the room next door, i'm unsure if it was just the people staying beside us, but you could hear everything all the way down to there drawers sliding opened and closed. I feel like I'm picking this place apart but all these were real issues we dealt with and we would never stay in this resort again. I hope to play golf here again, a+++ but I will not stay the night here again.  Hope this helps.
1	This review is only for the food and drinks on the patio.  The view is beautiful!  But the food and drinks were lame.  I used to work here in the late 80's and the kitchen was so filthy that I swore I would never eat there again (food was good back then) - I can tell you stories!This past weekend we were at the Renaissance Festival and since my mom lives near the resort  we thought we would give it a try on the way to her house. I don't know if the kitchen is clean (one would hope) but the food quality is definitely poor.
3	This was my second time playing Dinosaur, the first being for $40 bucks the day before they closed for overseeding so I decided to check it out when the conditions were optimal. I had forgotten how tacky the practice facility was (as it's described in previous reviews). The course was in good condition and they actually let the rough grow out long unlike a lot of resort courses.  Some complaints besides the practice area?The GPS wouldn't update half the time for the distances whenever my cart would move. Starting on the 4th hole and every hole until I made the turn, the restaurant ad came up to order food. And on every hole, it gave me the same two reminders to not drive in the desert and to also repair ball marks. I spent more time clicking "ok" on the GPS than anything else. Also, pretty ghetto in the sense that there is no drinking water available on the course anywhere except through the cart chick. Bottom line-There are plenty of courses much closer for a lot better value. We Ko Pa is much better (and cheaper as AZ resident) and if you still feel the need to drive 45 minutes, check out Quintero Country Club north of Peoria. Just as beautiful of scenery and lots of elevated tee boxes, equal conditions, cheaper price, and actually have complimentary water bottles in refrigerators every other hole.
4	4/15/2012  This is a review of Dinosaur Mt golf course.                                                      Driving range is just AstroTurf mats and you can't use drivers(????) which allows for warming up with irons and hybrids.  Putting green has no cups just small target flags. There is no water on the course so bring your own bottled water as they do provide ice in a cooler on the cart.  Our GPS was not working on every hole so if you need yardage help then check the fairway markers.  Those were the bad things but then we hit the 1st hole which takes your breath away. Changes in elevation are crazy and as a beginner I struggled on some holes but I still had fun.  My boyfriend who's a great golfer shot 9 over par & was in his element saying "I could golf everyday of my life on this course"  Staff were very nice and kept even a five some bachelor party moving a a decent pace.  Had a great day of golf. Worth the drive from Scottsdale
4	I have a love hate relationship with this course. I was in AZ playing all the nice courses in the summer so that I could get decent rates. Everyone said this (the Dinosaur course) was a must play. If you are talking about the course and only the course I have to agree totally. Absolutely beautiful and probably one of my favorite layouts. In great condition. I played it from the back tees the first time around and so it was a little tight from the back. The second time around I the guys I played with played from the blue tees and from the blue it is pretty easy. The hate? The worst practice facilities of any of the courses I have played. The driving range was off of mats and I didn't find a nice chipping green. Customer service was friendly and efficient. Not great. No drinking water on the course. What gives?
5	This place has A+ customer service. All staff we interacted with were super friendly and helpful. The food was good but not super however the chef will accommodate any food cravings you may have.  The ambiance on the patio at night is great with gas fireplaces and all. We didn't come here to golf so I can't speak to the course. When we arrived the pool and hot tub patio were getting redone so we could not use them. We mentioned the hot tub being of high value since we rode our motorcycle to the resort. No question asked they upgraded us to a hot tub room. I don't have anything negative to say about this resort.
3	We hiked Peralta Canyon Trail and after we were extremely hungry. We opted to stop at the Gold Canyon Resort. The grounds were beautiful, the hostess was super sweet. She explained that the menu was the same in the restaurant, bar and patio so we opted for the patio dinning. Views were picture perfect. They had heaters (thank goodness) and a long fire pit too. I had the burger *$12 (I know, i know who gets a burger you may say. I honestly couldn't justify the other items on the menu as they were double the price and really didn't sound good at the time.) The meat was cooked exactly as i asked *medium* and the fries were decent. We also tried the pumpkin cheesecake (seasonal chef special) which was heavy and tasted more of cheesecake and less of pumpkin than i would have liked. 3.5*'s on the ambiance & service3*'s for the foodMy advice is, be prepared for the $$$cost$$$ as it's not a cheap meal but if you want a nice place to catch a beautiful sunset this is the place.
5	Great place!  Very comfortable, beautiful scenery, and the course is usually in great shape.  Always encountering amazing wildlife too!  Fun time for sure.
2	Closest location for a business trip. Dated rooms. Wi-if is useless. Could not park anywhere near my room. Slept soundly. Upon waking, saw that I had a voucher for free breakfast. Went to the restaurant in the main building. Selection was extremely sparse but I figured that it was fine for a complimentary breakfast. Got some bacon, fruit, and hash brown (I mean REALLY sparse selection!!!!). Waitress approached me and told me b/c I had chosen a hot item, I would be charged an extra $6! I was amazed. I politely paid and left her a generous tip. The room was $190 alone for nothing special. I'll have to check the Best Western down the road next visit to the area.
5	Played last week and as good as it's ever been.Ok, the practice facility is not up to par with the course but who cares.The course itself was in perfect condition, nothing to say but had a great day.Tip: Do not be above the hole if possible.
5	I was invited to my cousins wedding at this lovely location. The resort itself is absolutely stunning!! The grounds are very well kept and the staff is very friendly and helpful.The wedding was held on the golf course and made for an amazing view of the mountains and sunset (which was perfect for this 530 wedding). The area where the reception took place was right below the main restaurant/bar for the resort. the area provided was small but perfect for the amount of people attending (they may have a separate location for bigger parties) there was plenty of room on the dance floor for us to all get-down and boogie!The resort also catered the food and I must say I was very impressed. AS the guests of the party entered the reception area we were greeted with smiles by two young ladies serving finger foods as appetizers. There was a try of baby bruschetta, and crape wrapped asparagus sprinkled with asiago cheese. Both were very good but I must say to the  restaurant manager... if this asparagus isn't on your normal menu it should be and ASAP! They were Delicious and everyone really enjoyed them!! For dinner we had the option of a steak which came with a side of mashed potatoes and asparagus or salmon that came with a side of rice pilaf and asparagus. I was lucky enough to try both options and personally i would always pick salmon of steak but this time around I enjoyed the steak much more! My steak was cooked just perfectly but i did hear other guests say there's was a little rare for their liking (I didn't mind it at all).although I didn't have took much connection with much of the staff the ones that were working this party we all extremely nice and helpful!all in all i would defiantly recommend this location to throw and large corporate event or wedding. I'm sure you will be taken care of!
5	Fell in love with this resort. Spa was great, staff was great and food was out of this world amazing. The pool was so relaxing listening to the beautiful nature that surround the resort.
4	My parents purchased us a Groupon for the Gold Canyon Golf Resort for two nights. We arrived at the resort around 4:30pm. We were warmly greeted by the front desk. The lobby has a lot of local art for sale, as well as these beautiful Cholla lamps. We were given a map to our casita. Upon arriving in the room, we noticed we had the wrong room option. I called front desk and she quickly fixed the situation and sent the bellhop to help us to our new room. We didn't even have to return to the lobby for the new keys. He helped us to our new room, with the indoor spa jacuzzi. Although, this is an older hotel, and it could use a little updating, they keep it immaculate. The room was very large and we really enjoyed the beautifully tiled indoor jacuzzi. The staff was very friendly and accommodating. The staff receive five stars, they made our getaway very enjoyable. The restaurant was very reasonable in prices and portions are large. The first night we ordered the fried Calamari, a salad to share, and the 16oz Ribeye, cooked medium rare. The calamari was good, the salad was just okay. The ribeye was outstanding and was a great price at $26. The Yukon mashed potatoes, were seasoned perfectly. Service was good and it was nice enough to enjoy the patio for a sunset dinner. The second night we opted for the couples night, Pizza dinner. This dinner was just okay. The value of $29 per couple was very good, but we wished we opted for the regular menu again. The service was excellent and management went out of their way to switch out the two glasses of wine for a beer and dessert. The resort was not super busy and we were able to enjoy the pool area to ourselves. During, season they have a bar open by the pool, however since it was off-season they leave menus and there is a phone to order drinks or food. We ordered some poolside cocktails and was impressed by the service we received. She checked on us numerous times. There spa staff is super friendly and I received the best hot stone massage. Overall, we had a wonderful, relaxing getaway at Gold Canyon Golf Resort. We would return again.
5	Just played Dinosaur for the first time and it went straight in my top 5 Phoenix courses! Don't be fooled by the name, this is not some crazy rugged mountain course, more like a well manicured roller coaster. Shot values and hole variety are outstanding. Do yourself a favor and play at least one ball from the tips on the canyon holes, the views are fabulous. I only paid $60 on golf now in Feb, it's worth 3 times that. My top 5:  1. We-Ko-Pa. 2. Dinosaur. 3. Quintero. 4. Troon North. 5. Ocotillo
1	HORRIBLE course staff!!!!! We had NO ONE behind us waiting or pushing us at all and got heckled and bitched at by staff to pick up the pace THREE times, when we were bothering absolutely no one.  We spent unreal $$$ to play, eat and drink and heaven forbid you stop for some pictures and enjoy yourselves.  Staff talked down to us like we've never golfed before and we've played our whole lives.  What would have happened if we were terrible and the pace was even worse? Kick us off the course and refund us? HA!  What a joke.  Not to mention the driving range and the fact that it was CART PATH ONLY!! Maybe that was the reason it took so long, hmmm.  They just lost regular business.  Cart girls and concessions were very nice and did a good job.
