5	Called Frontier movers on the recommendation of several friends. We were swapping houses and needed a company we could trust moving two households in one day. These guys were great! Incredibly hard workers, courteous and fast. Would highly recommend!
5	These guys are amazing! With my husbands bad back and a strict timeline we decided to hire movers. Prices are reasonable and they booked my move Sunday so we could get moved Thursday. Don and Tom showed up and immediately got to work. They were friendly and fast! Working quickly to keep me within my budget and were more than patient with my three year old running around. I highly recommend them!!!!
5	Amazing service from start to finish.  The movers were working so fast and they were completely drenched in sweat when done.  Holy cow, I've never seen such hustle in my life.  Well worth the money and then some!
5	Great flat rate price that beat another moving company by about $600!  Price was based on an inventory sheet we filled out.  It might have helped that they are located out of Peoria, as are we, but even with that helping the price, I still feel they would have beat the other company's price.  I also was pleasantly surprised when I was able to schedule them on about a 5-7 day notice for a Sunday move!Let me tell you, Don and Tom were amazing movers!  Show up time was scheduled between 8:00 and 10:00am.  They called around 7:30 saying they were on their way.  We found out when they arrived, they got a screw in one of their tires, but still managed to work around it, so they wouldn't be late for our move.  They were POLITE, FRIENDLY, and so PROFESSIONAL.  Always addressing us as Ma'am and Sir, cracking jokes, singing while they worked, and communicating effectively about any and all challenges with the moving process.  They were extremely careful with our furniture, and we had some very heavy furniture to move out of a 2 story home.  They also moved very, very fast...no lounging around.  They take credit cards, but not American Express.Hire this company!  You won't regret your decision!
5	just wanted to say I used frontier movers and they did a awesome job!! very very pleased worked hard form the get go!! showed up on time and what impressed me the most is how well they communicated with each other and me! they made a hard not so fun job my opinion really good laughin and joking  with each other but kicking butt thanks again will definitely use again!! and thanks for moving my piano and that fridge that weighed a ton u remember lol!!
5	Frontier Apartment Movers moved me out of my one bedroom apartment on the third floor yesterday and into a different two bedroom apartment down the street. Our entire experience was nothing but excellent. Both of the guys worked really hard from start to finish, even with having to go up and down three flights of stairs with each trip. They were very courteous and went out of their way to even help us reassemble some of my furniture.  Nothing was damaged, and I was really surprised at how quickly they got everything done.The price really is unbeatable, the cheapest hourly rate I had found by almost $40/hour. I would highly recommend these guys.
