1	I am absolutely disgusted by the level of customer service at Sprint Store 6736 E Baseline Rd #104, Mesa, AZ. The staff there has the absolute worst bed side manner of any company I have dealt with. Every single rep there was completely indifferent to my situation, refused to help and failed to come up with reasonable solution. I then talked to corporate; they tried to help, but had me talk to the store manager. The manager didn't really listen to my complaint and refused to help or come up with a reasonable solution. Once again I called corporate for help, and was dumped back to the store. However, this time I spoke to the most appalling depiction of a customer service rep (Greg). After telling me what happened, arguing with me and refusing to even simply listen to my story, he caused me to escalate. This employee should never be allowed to answer any phone call; I am now considering the value of my Sprint service because of him. I would rather pay more money to another company, than know that a piece of my bill can support such a dreadful employee. In the end, a supervisor at corporate was able to come up with a simple solution to my problem. After spending 3-5 hours of my time to get this figured out when it could have resolved at the store in 30minutes.... I will not be recommending Sprints service to anyone, and I will be telling everyone I know about the outright terrible customer service that I received from Sprint Store 6736 E Baseline Rd #104, Mesa, AZ. Brittany, Jeff, Ryan and especially Greg... Thanks for ruining what I thought was a good service.
1	We communicated our issue, and was told by the Greeter that it could be resolved. We waited two hours for a Service Representative.  When finally served she told us, in fact,  our issue could not be resolved. In addition, they did not have a product in stock, sending us to another location with an hour wait. Poor, poor customer service.
1	Horrible experience when I ported my lines over.  Waited 30 minutes to speak to someone when I had an appointment.  I end up being set up with the Assistant Manager which didn't know if I was able to port my number to the Sprint. After I found out I was able to port my tablet to sprint.  While in the store it took 2 and half hours to set up my service. That night I drove to Casa Grande to pick up my daughter and the service kept cutting in and out.  I thought it being almost 2015 and looking at there towers online it showed that sprint had a decent signal by now. That's why I brought my service over to them.  I got home and the service was showing 3G coverage the whole time home. When driving back and forth to   Casa Grande the coverage going in and out of 4g signal throughout my drive home.  Where I live is right across the street from the store which the website and showed 4g coverage.  Sprint did not only tell the true about their signal but the employees when I brought it there attention they tried to charge a restocking  fee to return my device back to the store less than 24 hours from when I started the service. The breakdown to charge me a restocking fee for $35.00 for the phone and $75.00 for activating the IPAD air I bought.  I explained to the sales representative that I would like a full refund.  Before I went back to the store I already ported back my number to AT&T because the phone service does not work as it is supposed to work.  I spoke to the store manager and he said that's fine but we have to charge you that restocking charge.  I didn't even use the service for more then 24 hours and the signal was terrible and the customer service was terrible too.  Letting you know to get your bill cut in half you should stay with Verizon or AT&T it is not worth the time to go to this terrible carrier.  Charge you for fees when you return your equipment for not working and not being honest about the coverage.  I left the store and the store manager left a note on my account that I can't call customer service to return my device.  Never met such inconsiderate jerk that did not understand the situation for the customer.
