3	Ah, this place is nostalgic. I remember always going into this place as a little girl and picking out the candy I wanted. They have a lot of "throwback" items such as the wax bottles and UFOs (with the candy pieces inside). Convenient and cool.
5	Why haven't more people reviewed this place?  Is it because it's a mixture of two things we are taught to be bad for us at different ages?  Is it because the building looks ominous as you walk towards it.  Or is it because people are too lazy to discover this place?  Whatever the reason, shame people, shame.I've never really paid attention while I was in here much, except for today.  As I looked around my eyes widened.  I was...a kid in a candy store!  Literally.  Candy, candy everywhere.  Candy that will take you back to your childhood and maybe even further than that.  I definitely practiced good self control in here, or else I would have been broke by the time I walked out the door.Yes, I admit, I also ventured back to the "adult" section.  Selection is vast.  Prices are some of the best, even better than the local corner market or gas station.  Staff were rather fun to deal with.  Joking and talking in there raspy voices.  I'll definitely know I will be stopping back in here when I'm in the area.
5	S&S is a Pittsburgh Legend!  Not even losing an entire wall of the store can keep them down.  It's true-Google it!  The have an awesome selection of cigars ( not the largest- that distinction belongs to Blooms on 12th street ), but their prices are the best around.  I can't say they 'know their stuff' when it comes to cigars but face it- you're not going in there to ask the difference between a Macanudo and a Monticristo...  The cigars are always fresh and they are always 'over-the-top' friendly.  I buy here every time I need to stock up.And when it comes to candy & snacks- this place can't be beat.  They have ALL you need to add to the kids lunches with their multi-packs and bundles...Their 'Candy by the pound' store will make you think you're still in the 50's...Check this place out, then write a review...Keep on, keepin on, S&S...!
4	I found wonderous treats that I haven't seen in years!   From peanut chews to lipstick taffy, I bought the freshest peach gummi rings I've ever enjoyed and got a free sample.  The staff is awesome and the selection of gummy bear flavors is bananas!  (And mangoes and cherries too lol).
