4	I was referred to Central Shoe Repair by the only other person in the world who might (*might*) like shoes more than I do...It was a late night in the office when suddenly, out of no where, I broke a heel on my favorite pair of black booties.  I hadn't broken a heel since homecoming sophomore year of high school...and my little booties were not going to just take to some epoxy like the shoes in high school did.First of all, the heel wasn't just broken off...it was splintered in the middle, so I knew it was going to be a little difficult to attach.When I took it to a shop near my house they said: "No, absolutely not, we can't do anything about that."What??  My precious shoes!  So then, I went promptly to Shoes on Central (as I should have done from the beginning) and hoped that they would be able to fix them.  Bella wasn't sure, but she took it in the back and had her husband look over it.  Thank goodness; they were able to fix them!  They were going to have to order a whole new set of heels and reattach them, but they could do it!The quality of work was amazing--the shoes looked phenomenal.  My only complaint was that they took about two weeks longer than they said they would (and so my shoes missed out on an Irish adventure--as this was the spring I went to Dublin), but ultimately the work was so well done that it was worth it.I really just need to trek all of my shoes that need touch-ups over there ASAP.
5	Nerrick and Bella are a great team. I love the Russian house music that always seems to be playing as I come in.Nerrick did an amazing restoration  job with a really torn up pair of Birkenstocks I brought in. Bella does amazing alterations, including that great suit you wished fit a little better.They work hard and make your shoes and clothes better than when new. Prices reasonable for true custom and personable service.
5	I have a red leather sofa which had become shades of pink and maroon due to sun exposure and grunge.I wanted to find some type of red leather paint and figured a shoe repair place should have something like that. I called them up and they asked that I bring in a sample cushion to match the color.When I arrived, I spoke with Bella and her husband (or father?) and soon recognized the familiar Uzbek accent.  Next door is Central Barber where they're all from Uzbekistan as well.  They were very helpful and instructed me in what products I needed to purchase and how to apply them at home.Bella seemed to be pushing me to get three cans of paint and the de-glaser. I was thinking she was just trying to make another sale and I only purchased two cans, against her instructions. Sure enough, when I got home the two cans weren't enough. I should have trusted her advice.Three cans would have been perfect. Well, at least two-thirds of my sofa look GREAT! And for under twenty dollars.I highly recommend this family owned business.Walking distance to Uptown Station for light rail commuters.
3	I had three pairs of shoes that were in dire need of some new heels, and since I moved jobs at the end of last year, I am not near my normal shoe guy so I decided to try out Central Shoe Repair.As far as the pricing goes, I think it was pretty average; a total of $49 for 3 sets of heals, new tips on my boots and some polish.  What was way above average was the time it took to get my shoes back.....3 weeks!  Seriously, that is way too long, especially when they are your favorite work shoes.  I may give them a try again, but they will have to ensure to me that they will be done quicker!
4	I went to Central Shoe Repair because my normal shoe guy on 19th Ave did not have the correct color of tan for new heels on my favorite Michael Kors beauties.  "No, black will not work", I explained to him.Nerrick replaced the heel tips, as well as resoled my Cognac colored friends.  In total: $40, which seemed a bit pricey, but they do look near new again. I would use Nerrick again.  Great location for me and I've never met a more friendly Cobbler.*FYI: Nerrick's wife does alterations out of the same shop.
5	I've never had a pair of shoes repaired and was surprised to learn that an old pair of scuffed shoes with warn heels and toes could look almost new again!  Very happy with the quality of the work.  Now I have to go through my closet and find the shoes that could use some attention paid to them before they get to the critically ill state of the recent ones that I brought in.
5	I brought in a pair of red suede Dolce Vita heels, with a rather large black scuff mark on the side of it, thinking there wasn't anything I could do to save them due to the color and material. However, Nerik proved me wrong and made them look almost brand new again. I was beyond impressed and completely satisfied with his work! I would highly recommend them for all your shoe and alteration needs! Thanks again Central Shoe Repair!
5	A good pair of jeans can be a lifelong ally.  But the gaping hole in the seat of that favorite pair from 10th grade just wasn't gonna fly. Lucky for me, this place exists!  They REALLY patched those suckers, and didn't leave a hint that there had ever been a hole.  Guaranteed to survive however many cartwheels or squats or pocket yanks these jeans have coming to them over the next ten years.  I'd definitely come back.
4	Got two pair of old boots shined and polished there and they looked as good as new! Knowledgeable and helpful staff and reasonable prices make it worth coming back to.
5	I want to give credit where credit is due.  I am originally from NY, I was visiting Phoenix on vacation a few months ago .  I broke a heel on a pair of my favorite shoes.  Not being from here, I was a little nervous to trust my favorite shoes to a stranger.  Nonetheless, I took a chance and spoke to the concierge at my hotel. I was desperate! The concierge recommended a place on Central Ave and Camelback.  When I went in, I got to meet the shoe repairman, Nerick (who is also the owner), and showed him my shoes.  He assured me they could be repaired and that they would look even better than before.  I was surprised when he called me personally the next day to let me know my shoes were ready to be picked up.  I appreciated that he completed the repair in such a timely and efficient manner, since I was pressured for time.  When I picked up my shoes, I was amazed!  I thought he was just trying to do some business when he initially said my shoes would look better than new.  But, It was no lie. My shoes looked awesome!!! I couldn't wait to wear them so I can flaunt them.  Needless to say, I was thrilled, and the price was actually lower than what I expected it to be.  When I got home, I shipped a couple more pairs to his shop  (Nerick told me this was quite all right).   I waited until they were shipped back before I posted my thoughts here to make sure the first time was not a one-time deal.  Once again, he did not disappoint.  I would say I have found my personal shoe repair guy, for life!
5	Nerrick and Bella are flat-out rock stars!  There is nothing that can be fixed that they won't work on.  Treat them politely, they are such hard working people they deserve your kindness, and they reward you with service, smiles, and overall good vibes.
5	Recently moving to Phoenix from Atlanta I needed needed some alterations and shoes repaired. I happened to find Central shoe repair while getting a haircut and took in one pair of shoes to be shined. As soon as I finished my haircut next door I then picked up my shoes and was wowed!  The designer shoes I brought in looked as if I just purchased them that day in the store!  Next day I took 5 pairs 3 belts to be altered and totally amazed of the attention to detail by Nerrick! again wow he and Bella had me leave knowing I am telling all of my friends about them and how they truly care about the little things which means so much. Great customer service, amazing skills and attention to detail. Thank you guys I am singing your praises!
5	Very reasonable and very fast. I run a shoe store and have taken some customer repairs to them. Always friendly!
5	Should have their name changed to masters!!!While I was traveling. I had a few pairs of shoes with me that needed to be fixed.  My diesel sneakers and Ferragamo shoes needed soles. A went to these guys right away since the concierge at the hotel told us about them.  Upon arrival I was greeted and was told that it will be resoled with no problem. The only thing though it would take sometime. And won't be able to get them ready for me before I head back to New York.  But they offered that they can ship them for me.  When they arrived in NYC, Oddly enough, Shoes looked as if I bought them.  Nice high gloss shine. Replaced leather half soles on Ferragamo shoes, and diesel sneakers.  They looked amazing.  Now every time I need something done. My wife and I say.  Don't worry.  We have a master in Phoenix that takes care of our shoes
5	The guys at Nordstrom sent a pair of my shoes to this shop and they came back looking like new! Sooo I took a another pair to Central. When I dropped in a few weeks later my shoes were not ready. I did not get mad because they had done such a phenomenal job earlier.  I was frustrated because I live 45 mi away. The owner sensed my frustration and came outside to talk to me. He told me that the reason for the delay was that he had to special order the heels. He apologized for the inconvenience and offered to ship them to me for free. They arrived a few days later again, looking great. My bad. I should have called. I am a raving fan!
5	I'm very pleased with service, turn around time, quality of work and prices. I've had work done here multiple times with different shoes and have no complaints.
5	I had a pair of riding boots and the soles completely disintegrated as I was wearing them. I took them into Central Shoe Repair and appreciated her up-front honesty when she said, "The first thing you need to ask is, is it worth it to replace the soles? It will cost $85." Since the boots cost well over that ten years ago, I said yes it was. I was able to choose which soles I wanted out of a large assortment. I was told they'd be done in a week.I didn't get a call to say the boots were done, but a quick call to the shop confirmed they were indeed ready. I picked them up today. Wow. The soles are even better than when the boots were new--they are lighter, with better treads. The soles feel solid, the stitch-work looks great, and the boots are completely cleaned, too.We know exactly where to go if we need any repair work on shoes or other leather. These people are excellent. Well worth the 45-minute drive to get there.
1	I usually am the type that only writes positive reviews. I am not the vindictive type of person. I can tell you, with certainty, this place does good work. However, that is not their problem. Their business practices are awful. The owner conducted a bait and switch on me. I had them write down the prices of their services which included shoes and pants and then when I came to pick it up, prices went up. Even prices that had tags on them for a certain amount, the owner expressed to me that they are old prices and charged 5 extra dollars after the work was already done, which I know is BS. I was warned by a friend not to go there and to go to Brothers Tailors on the other side of Camelback. For one pair of shoes they charged double because it needed a little extra work, maybe five minutes extra that I could have fixed myself if I had the time.  It reminds me of shopping in the arab marketplace in the old city in Jerusalem. It is an absolute shame that an establishment with a mezzuzah on the door treats clients with such blatant disrespect. It really is my mistake for going back there, it is not the first time they have done this to me. Plus they charge extra if you want to use a card - which is against visa bylaws. I never write bad reviews, I think its bad karma, but be warned when you walk in this store, you will get ripped off. I am 2 for 2. First time shame on them, second time shame on me for going back. RIPOFF!!!!!!!!!! BAD BUSINESS!!!!!!!!!!
5	Great customer service, very reasonable prices and completed my shoe repair and alteration a day earlier than promised. I am very pleased and will continue to use them for all future shoe repair and alterations!
5	Classic old-school quality.  I wouldn't go anywhere else.
5	I have been coming here for years.  They do an exceptional job with repairs, shine and carry all supplies you need.  Very friendly and knowledgable.  They are craftsmen and a gem in a central, convenient location.
