5	Wow!  What a breakfast joint.  Rich with character, and Hank Williams Sr. softly playing in the background, with old school booths, and an equally old school diner counter...i can't believe this spot has not been used in every Cohen brother movie ever made.  The fruit plate was phenomenal, with cactus/bananas/ kiwis/oranges/melons/apples/grapes, followed by the Big D.  Bacon, sausage, ham, eggs, pancakes, side of rye toast, and a small orange juice all for a grand total of around $18 canadian, plus cute waitresses...the absolute standard for all breakfast spots.  nuff said.
5	If I lived in Montreal this would be my go to place for breakfast meals.Great vibe, affordable, and quick, reliable service.Also, playing all my favorite music while I chow down is pretty cool too.
4	Definitely a fan of this place, but not yet ready to commit it to that all-sacred list of Perfect Breakfast Spots.  The location and ambience are about right; Dusty's is super close to Mount Royal and the cozy booths are perfect for both nursing a hangover and making a fresh start.  My omelette and potatoes were delicious, but--and this is a very picky "but"--the orange juice was a little warm and sweet.  Service was excellent.  Will definitely try the blintzes next time!
2	There is NOTHING on the walls here, I guess since the renovation. The food is ok, although my home fries tasted strangely sour (?) Service was good. But I have to say the complete lack of atmosphere was weird... it feels like an empty cafeteria or like it's still under construction.
2	Easily the most overrated breakfast spot in Montreal. After years and years of people recommending Dusty's to me as their go-to morning joint, I was always curious to try it. I was in the neighbourhood recently and my friend and I were in dire need of a hearty breakfast...so we thought we'd give it a shot. After visiting, I'm completely baffled as to why people recommended this place.Beyond the convenience and social factor of heading out to brunch as a group, the only real reason why I pay for breakfast is if tastes better than what I could whip up at home. At Dusty's, this unfortunately wasn't the case. I ordered a straight-up 3-egg 'Dusty's Special', with bacon, home fries, and OJ: everything was bland, cheap in quality and tiny in portion. I could have made a better tasting breakfast at home in my underwear, hungover and half asleep. The only redeeming factors were the cool, classic diner feel of the place, the jazz on the radio and the decent tasting coffee. But these obviously can't make up for the lacklustre grub. There are definitely way better places in the area to spend your breakfast dollar on.
