4	Taxi Champlain appears to be the company with the most cars around Montreal.  There was almost always a Champlain car at my hotel and if you needed to call for one, the driver was there in less than 5 minutes.  The Champlain drivers were courteous, helpful with loading suitcases and knew their way around very well.  They also all spoke English as one of the taxis I took in the rain ended up being something else with a driver who not only did not understand English but was rude.Cars were clean and are mainly Buick Allures and Toyota Camrys.  They also have brand new Siennas for groups of 4+
1	Champlain taxi sucks!! I live right next to their dispacth office I waited 20 mins.. I called back to tell them to meet me at the bank the taxi showed up 10 mins later went around the parking lot and left I then called back to tell them to send another. Waited another 10 mins then called candare and diamond taxi and candare got there in 2 mins and champlain hadnt even showed up yet.. Its not the first time I have problem with their rude ass dispatch
4	I am a fan due to consistency. I call Champlain, I tell them my address, they show up less than 10 minutes later, always, no matter what time of day or weather or whatever. If I'm going to the airport they give me the option to take the flat rate or the meter, they are friendly and chatty and bilingual and drive like bats out of hell, but not to the point where I'm praying and weeping and holding on the to seat with my teeth, so on a scale of Montreal cab drivers these folks are praise worthy for sure.
2	Recent events require an update. I've had good luck with Champlain when calling from my place but recently they've been taking longer to show up. And the cars are increasingly sketch, ripped seats, crazy smells, loud radio, super old school hand worked credit card machines with no debit option.Anyway, all this said I still called them first when I was stuck on a street corner with stacks of heavy things I couldn't carry alone. And then the dispatcher hung up on me! Annnd I'm done.
5	love Champlain..they are quick and efficient, always curteous and polite, cars are always clean.The taxi always gets to my place in 2 minutes after i call..
