5	6th or 7th visit over 4 years, and while I don't love getting my teeth fussed at, this is the best experience I've had for a relatively not-fun activity. In particular, I'm compelled to write a review today because of their new hygienist. (Well, she's new to me.)This job requires fastidiousness and tedious attention to detail. For the sake of the patient, it is helpful if the hygienist isn't curious nor overly descriptive in relating their own stories. The RDH should also know about teeth and gums. Michelle is a competent and confident team worker; I saw her interactions and could tell she is respected. Once again, Dr Jackson greeted me with familiarity though it's been a year since I've been in, and his manner is knowledgable and engaging. We are partners in the plan for the next few months. I like that. The office staff, lead by Susie, are kind, on their game, and helpful. The practice is using SMS and other digital technology, so I feel like they are making interacting with them easier! This is a good business that is running well, now, and deserves your time and effort. Dr Jackson offers incentives to try him out!
5	Highly recommend this dentist - Dr. Jackson and his staff are professional, courteous and always keep the office running on time, so I can expect to be seen promptly when my appointment time comes up. All around awesome dentist and staff!
5	Dr. Jackson has one of the best chairside manners of any dentist I've seen, and I've seen a lot.Having come from my Uncle's dental school, he ensures that you're comfortable and get personal care. My cosmetic procedure changed my life in about a half a day. I had some bad crowns, bite was messed up, etc... Dr. created a model and the very next day we went to work in the morning. By noon I had a fantastic smile and the experience was positive. I had surprisingly little pain after getting approximately 12 teeth prepped for crowns. His pain management, coupled with his friendly and competent staff, assures me I will return to this practice whenever I need work done.I highly recommend Dr. Jackson!
5	My family has been going to Drr. Jackson for about 3 years now, and even though Iam not crazy about having to visit the dentist, I really like Dr. Jackson and his staff. If you are looking for a new dentist in the Scottsdale area, that is knowledgeable, courteous, and keeps you well informed as to what the plan is, this is your guy. His new hygienist  is also great,  I highly recommend this team!
5	I have been a patient of Dr Jackson's for over 10 years and have always received great care by both his staff and himself. Going to the dentist is not on anyone's favorite things to do, but you have to go and Jackson Family Dental always takes care of my needs.  Thank you very much!
