5	Thank goodness, out of all the businesses, we found Dayna and his family. Dayna easily fixed what I had broken in my 'do it yourself' mishap and with determination promised to research and return to fix my other issue, a shower that would turn off when turned to hot water. He returned with his youngest son to fix my strange hot water issue. I would consider Dayna a master problem solver because with so many potential sources of the issue, he was able to find and solve my problem without using costly repair options. The problem ended up being a valve hidden behind the tile and without needing to break through the tile he was able to turn it back on properly. Dayna and his family truly care about solving the problem and do not simply jump to costly repair solutions. With his years of experience and plumbing knowledge he was able to solve our unique plumbing issue. I was treated like a member of the family with both kindness and speed of service. They are such trustworthy people that I wish that I could hire Dayna's family not only as my plumber but also my car mechanic, and air conditioning repairmen and anything else for which I need to hire a professional.
5	I searched forever for someone to help fix my steam shower unit, and I am incredibly thankful that I found Dayna and Camelback Plumbing. Dayna is amazing. He came and quickly figured out that the unit needed to be sent to the manufacturer for repair. Then he made another trip to my house to disconnect the unit and mail it to the manufacturer. Then after a couple weeks, he brought the repaired unit to my house and re-connected it, and it works better than it did before! Dayna is incredible, and I highly recommend Camelback Plumbing!
5	I just had Dayna out today to work on a steam shower unit that the previous plumber could not figure out to save his life.  Within 10 minutes Dayna had the problem identified and fixed, contacted the manufacturer to verify a couple of questionable items and stayed to run the entire system through a full cycle.  Great service from start to finish and I will definitely be back in the future.
5	I am very happy that I called Dayna to help me with my gas plumbing issue.  I needed a pipe moved to accommodate a new range.  He and his wife communicated with me regularly, set appropriate expectations, and did a great job overall - for a fair price.  Dayna was friendly and professional and did a speedy and thorough job.  I am very happy with the service I received from Camelback Plumbing and would recommend this company to anyone needing a good plumber.
5	I called Dayna again late this evening to help with a broken valve under my sink.  He quickly came out to help.  Once again, he was friendly and professional.  Camelback plumbing is the best plumber I have dealt with.  Thanks Dayna
5	Fantastic Again!  I moved into a new home and Dayna replaced all of the toilets.  He did the dirty job without a mess and even disposed of the old ones.  I am so happy to have someone I know I can call time and again, Thank you!
5	We'll if they had six stars on yelp they would definitely receive it. I can't say enough good things about Danah and his son. They recent did a job on our structure out back. The space had no existing plumbing so they had to start from scratch. These guys are pros and knocked it out in no time. I wouldn't hesitate to hire them again!
5	We had an emergency plumbing situation where our pipes were clogged. My husband found Dayna on Yelp, and he was able to fix the problem in a short period of time for a reasonable price. Since Dayna did such a good job on fixing our clog, we decided to hire him for our renovation of our guest house. He did a quality job on the plumbing installation, and was also very efficient and easy to work with. I would highly recommend Camelback plumbing for emergency fixes, installations and renovations.
5	Saved the day!  A plumber that I usually use was not available.  I called Camelback Plumbing.  This is a small business run only by family members.  Deyna arrived five minutes early and couldn't have been nicer.  He quickly took care of three problems I had in my condo located in the Biltmore area.  I would HIGHLY recommend him to anyone that was looking for an honest, knowledgeable plumber.  I also appreciate that it is in his best interests to give you the best service and very reasonable on price since he owns the company.
5	The woman who answers the phone was very kind and full of good humor. The gentleman who completed the work was kind and honest about pricing. I called in the morning and after a long work day, the gentleman came at dinner to help me out with our plumbing issue. Thank you for the great service!
5	Used Dayna twice in 3 weeks for two different issues.  He came ASAP and I was shocked at how inexpensive he was.  He was honest and Fixed both issues.  What else do you need?  He was very clean during his job and left no mess behind.  He is the only plumber I will use!
