5	Great treatment on my shin-splints!  Almost cured them in only one treatment.  Not only that but I got a great adjustment as well.
5	I came here because of a sharp pain in my neck along with some tightness/discomfort in my upper back. I painfully suffered through 3 weeks before coming to see Dr. Johnson. Dr. Johnson is one of the most professional and knowledgeable doctors I've ever worked with. He was able to release some of the tightness in my back and diagnose my neck pain. I walked out feeling far better than when I walked in. This is the place to go! I had a great experience and highly recommend him!
5	Dr. J is awesome! I hurt my shoulder and was having trouble swinging the golf club. Dr J performed some treatments in his office as well as give me exercises to avoid hurting my shoulder again. Bottom line, he fixed the immediate problem and help me avoid doing it again. I have since had my wife go see him for a problem she was having with her hip; once again he solved the issue!
5	I saw Dr. Johnson for neck and shoulder pain while I was traveling. He was very thorough in his assessment and treatment. I had ART and adjustments in the office and then he gave me exercises for home. I felt much improved immediately and it was great to have the exercises for self care at home. Highly recommend
5	Can't say enough good about XCEL and Dr. Johnson.In 3 sessions together we've made major progress on a couple of pains that have been nagging me for years. In addition to the adjustments, etc. that Dr. J does in-person during our appointments together, he is great about also giving information and exercises that I can do on my own at home. This self-empowerment is key for long-term health and wellness.Along with knowledge and technical mastery of his craft, Dr. Johnson possess a calm, friendly and down-to-earth personality that puts me at ease during our sessions together.I highly recommend XCEL Sports Clinic for anyone living/traveling in the Scottsdale area who needs chiropractic, active release therapy or other similar treatments.
5	Dr. J is the BEST chiropractor in town with out a doubt. I went in to see him months back because I was having lower back and hip pain. Unlike most chiropractors he took the time to locate where the soreness was coming from and explained what he was gonna do and how it was gonna help fix me. He did some adjustments and I immediately felt great. He then took the time to show me some awesome stretches to do at home so that I could keep the pain away and not have to be back on his table in a week. That right there just shows the kind of guy Dr. J is. He's not your rack em and crack em type get them in and get them out and see you next type of guy, unless of coarse that's what your searching for. He's great at what he does and I have referred tons of my friends to him, and they all have raved about him. Also his office is super cool and totally state of the art. I encourage anyone that is looking for a new chiropractor to come check out Dr. J, he's the man!
5	Exceptional knowledge + Excellent service = resultsA car accident that resulted in two back surgeries and neck problems paired with too much travel and hours at my computer have left me with constant pain in my neck and low back. I started seeing Dr. Johnson very recently and the difference is beyond compare. I am not simply getting maintenance adjustments but treatment that is lessening the pain and actually helping to improve my overall condition. His knowledge is exceptional and his service excellent.
2	Came here after a pretty severe car accident and things seemed to be going fine for the first couple of months. I constantly told Dr. Johnson about tingling in my hands and feet but he didn't seem to pay too much attention to it so I wasn't too worried about it; until I woke up one day and couldn't move my neck either which way. He told me that sometimes after a big trauma that happens but still wasn't overly concerned- I told him my primary care doctor wanted me to go see a spine specialist: he balked and said that was absolutely ridiculous and that I was in the right place. Thank God I followed my instincts and went anyways because I found out I have a herniated disc in my neck and a ruptured ligament in my spine. Extremely disappointed that at no point, Dr. Johnson recommended an MRI or a referral to a specialist when symptoms continued to worsen. He just continued to act like he knew what was happening when he clearly had no clue. If you are just in for a maintenance issue then this place is fine, but if you have serious back issues then I would not recommend.
