5	Moxie Mind & Body is a great studio.  They specialize in classic pilates and have all of the equipment in a clean, bright studio space.  All of the instructors I've met are very friendly and well trained.  I've tried pilates most places and Moxie ranks right up there.
5	Wowza.  Thanks to Yelp intern Jackie for putting together an amazing afternoon at Moxie!  I went in with, I guess you could say, "low" expectations. I'd taken a handful of Pilates classes in the past, but have always preferred the kick-boxing and spin classes of the world over the yogas and Pilates, minus a regular stint in the hot room at Bikram Yoga (sounds pretentious).  BUT, I arrived on a beautiful Sunday afternoon with an open mind and I'm so incredibly glad I gave it another try.  First, Aubrey and Cecile know their Pilates - there's no doubt about that.  My crew was interested in the history of it all and they gave us a brief, but interesting explanation of how Pilates arrived on US shores many years ago.  We moved from history straight to the mat work, which I was secretly dreading.  I hate anything to do with abs.  Hate it. I don't have any; it's as simple as that. But it's not just abs.  And before I knew it, these two had slowly coaxed all of us into various roll up and roll downs - and guess what? It wasn't AWFUL. It was actually pretty nice.  We split into two groups from there and took a turn at the machines, which I also really enjoyed. I think I gained about two inches in height to my 5'4" frame during this visit and hope to return again for more.  Who knows - I might find my way into the Olympics by playing center for the US Women's Basketball Team in 2016!
5	I am relatively new to Pittsburgh and was cautious and particular when seeking out a Pilates studio specifically downtown.  My Pilates instructor in Las Vegas asked a few fellow former NYC Rockettes she knew that live in the Pittsburgh area on where I should go downtown for Pilates and both said MOXIE.Although there are group class options at MOXIE, I personally only take private instruction.  As such, I was very glad to find myself working with Aubrey at Moxie (owner and instructor).  She is the real deal on "classic" Pilates instruction.  Having worked with her now for several months, I know I am in great hands.  Despite having done Pilates for many years and maybe having done more advanced contemporary instruction for the last many years, I feel as if Aubrey has brought me back to the basics and I am getting stronger and better by concentrating on the fine details of form that many miss in the basics or forget after many years.  She keeps it fresh, is fun and is great with the minute details of verbal queuing.Aubrey is good at her craft, continues to further her expertise and skills through continued instruction herself and has a genuine interest in my overall wellness.  I would happily refer Aubrey and MOXIE to anyone who is interested in Pilates. Moxie has several instructors and class options available.  The studio is located directly above Nola in Market Square downtown.
