4	This wine shop is small in size but vast in character. Rick can tell you a lot about each wine without any pressure to buy a certain bottle. There's no pretension and few mass produced labels. A great independent small town shop to support!
4	Since discovering the Papa Murphy's literally right next door to the Verona Wine Cellar, my husband and I have talked about stopping in. We finally took the leap last night while picking up a pizza. The place is small, but well laid out and very well stocked. We found items here that we've had trouble finding in Madison. We're big fans of Lakefront Brewing and of the Moscow Mule. Verona Wine Cellar was able to help us make the best drinks with our recent passions in mind. We found multiple bottles of Roarin' Dans Maple Rum from Lakefront Brewing (usually we can only find 1 bottle at Steve's) and it came with directions to make the most delicious drink - The Mooncusser. I also managed to find a 4-pack of Crabbie's Alcoholic Ginger beer. A beer I've only been able to find at Ha Long Bay on the East side. Most ginger beers that are found in grocery or liquor stores are non-alcoholic and very sharp in ginger taste. Crabbies is smooth and much more like a soothing combination of ginger ale and beer. Plus, adding vodka and a lime makes for a very potent Moscow Mule.Needless to say, we'll be stopping in again!
4	Such a fun place.  A large selection of wines, beers, non-alcoholic beers/wines, mixers and a small selection of Hard-A.  Free wine tastings on Friday at 4 and beer tastings every third Thursday.  The guy working was awesome.  Had a great sense of humor and very willing to help me.  I am very indecisive so I just had to take everything in at first but he threw out a few suggestions.  I ended up with a pumpkin ale by Smuttynose and a coffee stout and I can't remember who made that one.  But it has coffee and that is all I care about.  They did have a lot of local beers, Ale Asylum, Lakefront, the usual.  I was impressed with their Rogue selection, a favorite of mine.  I would go back just to explore.
