4	Great thrift store. I discovered Value Village about 5 years ago and became a huge fan of the large childrne/teen girl section. The frequent turnover led to some really great finds here (including many brand new designer clothing items with tags still on them) Throughout the years, the quality of clothing that turns up here has gone down, with people taking more designer brands to Plato's Closet or Junior League. The book section has surprisingly good finds sometimes (I've found pretty much all of Carl Hiaasen's bestsellers in hardcover for under 5 bucks here!) and the shoe section has some good finds in between the thousands of used wedding shoes. Some worthy finds have also turned up in the purse section, I found a Kate Spade there one time and I'm positive its real. The atmosphere is pretty crummy (no bathrooms or fitting rooms, a bit dirty in places), but come on, its a thrift store.In conclusion, Value Village may take several tries, but great things can be found here.
5	This is my favorite thrift store in town. I have purchased much of my wardrobe from there...it's a little more expensive than the Salvation Army (like $1 more for most items), but it's worth it because of the wider selection of better clothes. I found the coolest pair of tan cowgirl boots there a few months ago...$6. Can't beat that!
4	Value Village is what it is. When you leave VV you can't fight the urge to wash your hands, but there are treasures to be found.  It's huge, there's plenty of shoes, clothes, books, walkers, crock pots and some eight tracks of Kenny Logins, Led Zepplin and John Denver.The oddest surprise was the book nook, you walked up four stairs and there were bookshelves filled with books and a neatly, organized magazine rack, a step ladder and two couches.  Very inviting to be in a sketchy thrift store.  I even saw huge 6 feet high, halloween yard decorations. You know something for everyone.I found a pint glass with cocktail recipes printed on the glass, a pez dispenser and an odd little plastic toy, that I am going to use in photos.  All in all a great visit and well worth the $1.08 that I spent today.
3	Always on the hunt for a bargain, I popped my Value Village Central Ave cherry today. Compared to the one on South Blvd, this one kinda sucked and it seemed like the prices were higher here. As usual, they have the random brick a brack, clothes, cooking ware, books, shoes, etc. I did love their book selection as its in an elevated area that makes it easier to move around and check out titles. They also have the standard 50 and 75% off tags of the days but I left only buying one top. I've never bought that little at VV which saddened me a bit but oh well, still cheap stuff. I wish the VV's of the world would get dressing rooms soon so I could stop looking like a fool trying on items over my clothes while getting crazy looks from other patrons. Make sure to bring your sanitizer to this joint, where the stuff has been can be questionable. I wonder if VV has a DJ?? All the ones I've been have some fly jams playing and this one was not different at all. How cool would that be to tell people your job is being a DJ for a thrift store? Now all they need is a disco ball....
4	Value Village, I adore thee.  You elevate the lowly thrift store to a new level, and here I do not just talk about the lovely raised book section of the store, as nice as that is.  Instead I refer to the incredible selection of merchandise found inside your hallowed walls.Okay, the walls themselves are not large - fairly standard for a grocery store-sized space.  But the distance between them is large.  Really large.  Maybe not for the aforementioned grocery space, but for a thrift store?  Oh yeah.  And rather than provide questionable material and lots of spacing, VV instead chooses to pack in a ton of quality merchandise.That is where you may have trouble: Finding what you want.  There is so much stuff here, and it is so haphazardly labeled, finding it can be a chore.  It can take you hours - perhaps days - to find anything, at least if you are after clothes.  Even if you know what you are looking for and find that section, other shoppers have a tendency to pick things up and leave them elsewhere in the store as they try things on (as there are no changing rooms).  The immense size of the store means that re-sorting the merchandise is a herculean task in itself.Other than that, the quality of the goods is good.  Even great.  Other stores often provide clothes that are ripped, torn or just threadbare.  VV often gives you items that look like they are off the rack - tag and all.  Make sure you check the oversized, color-coded tags on the wall to see what is discounted that day, and you might even get a better price!
1	My biggest issue is: No dressing rooms?! That's absurd and if you say it's to discourage shoplifting then I say, Value Village needs to hire someone to handle that so people can actually try on clothes they are interested in buying. Or have one of the many already active employees act of dressing room attendant. They have lost so much money from me because I can't try on clothes and won't spend my money on pants they MAY or MAY NOT fit.They staple their prices tags on with 9 out of 10 times the wrong size written on it. I would think that putting the correct size would save people time from having to look inside a garment to check but I am sure they have their reasons for doing something so pointless!The prices are not thrifty at all in my opinion but I guess for the novice thrift store shopper it would appear to be. Shampoo for 4 bucks?! I can get it brand new at Walgreens for that!!!Starting to remind me of The Goodwill!!!
3	Unfortunately during one of the hottest days last week, Value Village did not provide much of a relief - but uncomfortable warmth aside I did find what I needed and the staff was really helpful considering how miserable they must have been. I was looking for a few books and as I made my way to the selection in the back I passed through the housewares. If I ever need a vcr or a printer, I know where I'm going next time. I even saw a version of my apparently very outdated hp all-in-one on the shelves. Lots of pots and pans, and an odd amount of coffee makers and those copper fish molds most people mount on the walls in their kitchens. The elevated book section is nice, the first section (all the way to the left) seemed to hold most of the cook books and history texts, while the rest were assortments of popular hardcovers (patterson, baldacci, etc) with a few twilight series sprinkled in. Then there is a section of paperback and kids books. (And a copy of The Help for under $2.00 which I did not grab)Once I grabbed my books, I barely looked at the clothing, but there is a lot. jeans, prom dresses, coats, tees, yeah - you name it, they probably have it. The front jewelry case was filled with lots of mismatched pieces and I feel like I'd have better luck elsewhere finding something worth purchasing. (But they were putting new items in as I was there, so maybe it's worth checking out later.) They do take debit cards, but there is only one machine near the jewelry case so there is a little back and forth maneuvering necessary - I'd suggest bringing cash. And the black marks/prices they put on everything are somewhat annoying. I'm sure for almost everything else it doesn't matter, as it washes off or is attached to a tag - but the permanent six inch stripes down the spine of the books are a bit of an eyesore as far as bookshelf displays go.
4	They were playing a Radio station and they make my "Play List" because Lady Ga Ga was on!  This is a good Thrift Store - I love Thrift, so I am definitely, defiantly and definitively a fan!  This store is large, clean and well organized!
3	I'm all about finding good deals!  I think that this place is good if you want to browse around and save some money.  When I first walked into the store, I didn't know what to expect.  It wasn't all that fancy or anything.  The lighting wasn't that bright, and I felt that stuff wasn't really detailed in specific categories. When I was browsing through the shirts, I couldn't really tell what size section I was in, so I just kept looking through and had to look at the tag inside the shirts to figure out what size it was since it wasn't clearly labeled.   I suggest that if you decide to stop by this place to check it out, mentally prepare yourself.  Unfortunately, I was only in there for 15 minutes, but I was able to score a cute blazer for $2.50.  I say to mentally prepare yourself because I think you should take time to take in all the stuff to score some treasures like I did.I would also recommend to have a bottle of Purell in your car.  After touching so many things, my hands felt pretty dirty.  All in all, a good place to browse around for treasures, but just be aware that you're going to have to look through some clutter.
3	It houses okay selections...could be a bit cleaner but I've found some great buys so definitely will be back!
