5	It is what it is, but what it is, is great.  This new bar literally is a whole in the wall.  But its quite convenient for the area and a great spot for a quick drink.The only way you'll probably find this place is if your walking from the main parking lot of the music factory to the entrance of Bask, Butter, The Saloon and such.  Its on the corner where seaboard takes a hard turn.The only other place you can get a reasonably priced beer in this complex is at VBGB, which is also a great spot, but not so great for a quicky beer.  Small bar has $2 beers at all times.  Last night it was can's of Rolling Rock and pints of lionheart.  $3 22's of PBR and $4 22's of Budweiser products ain't to bad of a deal either.  They also have a nice booze selection, but didn't ask if there were any specials on all that.All in all, my first line said it the best.  Check it out, it comes in handy, but its not where I'm gonna spend my Saturday night.
5	We've been frequenting the NC Music factory recently and were happy to see this "Small Bar" open behind the "Bask" building. It is a really small bar but has enough seating at the bar, inside and outside to accommodate large groups of customers. We went in after a comedy show to catch the end of a football game. They have a few TV's and a lot of drink specials. I had Blue Moon for $2.25 and my husband had a 24 oz. Genesee for $3.00. They had at least 6 beer specials that night. Not only do they have beer but they also have mixed drinks for around $5 to $6 including, Rum Punch, Margaritas, Gin and Tonics, and LI Iced Teas to name a few. The bartender seemed very helpful and friendly and was very attentive. We will definitely stop there again when we are at the NC Music Factory.
4	Small Bar. Yup, that's what it is. This teeny little bar used to just be a loading dock down in the NC Music Factory. The bar sits only a few people and if I had to guess only fits about 30 inside when it's packed. Their patio is HUGE compared to the bar with many tables and plenty of awesome people-watching on the busier nights. This place is ridiculously cheap but offers some pretty great beers. They even serve tiny little brews, which makes me smile. =) The bartenders are friendly and fun and the music is always loud enough to make you want to stop in as you pass by. Small Bar is a great place to pop in after work, or before a show down at the Music Factory.
5	Being from Wisconsin has it's perks... I know how to drink. I love nothing more than a hole in the wall bar that offers a great atmosphere. Small Bar has become 'that' place for me and has quickly become a favorite. Not only is the staff always friendly and engaging, the no frills attitude is appreciated.  Come as you are, enjoy a very low priced drink and soak up the scenery and sounds of the NC Music Factory. There is a nice outdoor patio, a few tables inside and bar seating. It is tucked away, but if you are walking down from the parking lot (Mattie's and Halo area) hang a left before you make the turn to process to the meat of the NC Music Factory. If you are looking for elaborate shots and high-maintenance drinks, this is not your ideal destination but if you are looking to blow off some steam, hang out and relax, this is the ultimate place for you! Hint, hint:  Because beers are as low as $2 a pop, have a few before you go into the music venues like The Fillmore and Road Runner Mobile Uptown Amphitheater where you will pay 5 times that!
4	I thought I was going to some free concert, but the darn thing was over by the time we got there... oh well, so what could we do on a Friday night!?  Let's drink my friends.  I'm not about to hike to uptown, and Small Bar was a nice low-key option (aka cheap/affordable/easy on the wallet) right there.  Parking is free (lots across the street).The patio of Small Bar is bigger than the inside.  On a nice night, it's a nice place to hang out, especially great for people watching... and I mean GREAT for people watching.  There was a 2-man show playing live music outside, entertaining enough, but I would be fine without listening to his sometimes-creepy pick up acts.  Beer special was $2 for Miller Lite and $3 for Stella.  Not too chabby.
4	I'm a fan of Small Bar. Prices are reasonable, no-frills little garage-like spot, and friendly bartenders. I love that they offer Abita Purple Haze in a can no-less. There's plenty of room outside and they had some fun activities going on when I was there (live music and beer pong). It had a great crowd for a Wednesday night post-Fiona Apple concert. I'd definitely visit again!
5	Love a hole in the wall that plays good music and has cheap drinks!   Hint:  If heading to a show at the Fillmore or Uptown Ampitheatre, stop in here first and give your wallet a rest!  The drinks are about 75% less expensive!!
3	I guess I've become a bit snobby when it comes to beer and I think it's starting to effect where I prefer to grab a good beer.  While there are a few good selections at this place I just don't like drinking out of a can and or a plastic cup.  The service was really nice here and the patio seems pretty chill and a perfect spot on a decent day weather wise.  But like the name says it is a small bar inside and not a lot of room so I worry that as the weather changes just how successful this place will be in the winter months.
4	My friends and I went to this place for the first time during Blues, Brews and BBQ since that festival was only selling a couple different beers and I wanted liquor. So, we went into Small Bar as it was inviting with the large outdoor patio (which we did not hang out on right away) and the open doors, There is a garage door thing on the side wall of the bar so you can look outside, granted it is a view of the parking lot and side of The Fillmore, but still, an open window nonetheless. The bartender played great older, classic rock which was perfect for a crisp Saturday afternoon and paired perfectly with the few Long Islands that I selected for quenching my thirst and they were cheap too. It is a good small bar, just as it suggests, but not much beer on tap.
3	Meh. It's exactly what it says it is. It's a small bar, with decent prices that is right next to the music. venue. Not a bad place, just nothing special.
4	What can I say? This place rules.Small hole in the wall with cheap drinks and cool people. What more can a person ask for? I make it a point to pre-game here before any concerts, and have found myself coming here just to relax and grab a drink . If you're hungry, Mattie's Diner across the street will deliver  food fresh from their kitchen and straight to your bar stool!Definitely check this place out. Cheaper than the surrounding bars in the area and, in my opinion, holds a better crowd.
4	I am a big fan of Small bar. Been in a few times, usually before or after a show and always had a good time. One of the owners is usually behind the bar and is super friendly. They don't have a huge amount of beers but they do have a good amount for a small bar. I am an IPA fan and they don't have many to choose from. However, at times I don't mind going back to my roots and drinking a 24 ounce bud light can for $3 or $4 dollars.
2	The bar is ok, nothing special. I was definitely looking for more of a dive feel, but it still just feels super commercial. I guess it can't help itself being located in the NC music factory. As for it being cheap, I can really see that either; however, they did have a good selection of liquor.On another note, I think it will be nicer in the summer since they have a large patio.
4	Great local dive bar
4	Great place to grab a drink if your in the neighborhood or on the way to see a show!
2	Not my cup of tea. Limited beer selection, stuffy ( name is accurate) and unwelcoming staff.
5	Wonderful venue to catch a college football game. The brews are cold and the staff is splendid.
4	What do you need to know about this place? Well, it's small. And it's a bar. And it's pretty spectacular.I'm not a huge Music Factory person, but when I do venture over this way I always make sure to stop in and see Mark behind the bar. Great guy. Tip him well.Pretty good sized patio. The perfect spot for pre and post concert/Comedy Zone drinks. Or if you're not at the show... it's spectacular for people watching. The Ke$ha crowd was like someone had released a floodgate of glitter. #alloftheglitterThere's nothing fancy about Small Bar. Just a solid little spot where you won't spend a fortune to drink. Cheers!
4	Great hangout spot right in the NC Music Factory area.  Yes - it is a small bar but they have outdoor seating which makes it seem a bit bigger :-)  Funky wall decor.  Must get the long island iced-tea here - wow it will knock you on your buns!  Awesome bartenders, great music - you have to stop in before a show.
5	I always enjoy grabbing some drinks here anytime I am in the NCMF. I've always been greeted with a smile and left feeling like a valued customer. A good contrast compared to some spots on the block. Prices are fair and the open setup is very comfortable.
3	Very small bar, but nice patio. $4 domestic tall boys
1	Walked into "Small Bar" at around 1:20 looking to use the facilities and grab a drink. The bartender/owner/dick behind the bar fought us and said that we couldn't use the bathroom without being a customer. Told him we were going to use the bathroom and then grab a drink and he proceeded to hustle us to buy a drink first. When I told him I wanted a coke, he let me know that I had only two options: beer or liquor. He told us it was last call and he was going to be closing soon. Total asshole. I will not be returning and will not ever recommend this place to anyone - especially late night.
