2	i used to be an everyday regular here. baristas knew me by name and had my drink memorized. service was always slow ... friendly (most of the time) but slow. but i kept coming back because they knew me. stopped by again thursday morning, hoping it had improved. it hadn't. from the time i walked in the door to the time i got my coffee, i had wasted 17 minutes of my morning on a damn latte (yes, i really did time it). screw it ... i just don't have time for this place. if i have an outrageous amount of time to waste, i happen to need coffee, and i'm in this parking lot, i may return, but probably not.
2	Located in the strip that faces Lowe's, just a few doors down from Ray's pizza.  I've had bad service a few times at this location, the seating is excessively limited, and the parking can be bad at lunchtime because of the surrounding lunch spots.  Worst time is a weekend at lunch when the lunch parking & Lowe's parking are so bad that it fills the span of the parking lot between the two.There are a lot of young college aged kids working at this location, so that could be part of the problem.
5	I've yet to have a bad experience here.  I'm always greeted and served promptly.  Although, I only come in during off-peak times.
5	Great service !! iced americano !!!!
5	Love this location!! Lots of talent!
2	Having worked for Starbucks years ago I know what it's like behind the bar. What frustrates me about this particular store is it never really seems to be "busy" but they are consistently slow! I've been coming here since they built it and I've seen staff come and go. Still one of the slowest Starbucks locations I have ever been to!I'm not sure why exactly but nobody ever seems to be in any kind of hurry behind the bar. It's aggravating knowing I used to be timed at how fast my crew could crank out drinks at some of the busiest stores in Arizona. I am a loyalist, and I'll keep drinking the coffee, but I think I'm done here and ready to find another location to visit. If you're in a hurry, STAY AWAY from this one.
3	Good Starbucks in the Happy Valley Shopping Center.  Excellent AC in this place and a nice place to cool off from the heat and get a Frap!
3	Service at this location is faster than the one on Pinnacle Peak Road (about 37th Ave).  But it still takes some time while the servers chat with their regulars.  Seems odd they cannot make the beverages while talking.  And work faster.  This company should know people have places to be.
4	Food quality and taste aside due to it being a chain restaurant the thing that sets apart Starbucks from each other are the people behind the bar. This location has some great, friendly people who tend to make a consistent drink. Like other reviewers have mentioned, this location can get slammed (especially around 9AM) but it is a function of high demand as opposed to incompetent or slow baristas.Overall, a good location with stable, amiable staff.
5	I go here a lot.  Everyone there is friendly and remember me and my drink that I order.  It really don't get any better!  This place can get busy with a long line at times...
3	I used to frequent this Starbucks a couple years ago when I lived off of Jomax and enjoyed it.  I stopped back a couple weeks ago when I was in town and it was still the same.  Starbucks-wise, they have the same menu as any other Starbucks.  What's annoying about this Starbucks is mainly the parking.  What a cluster.  It's an adventure just getting in and out of the lot without a fender bender.  I've never found the workers overly friendly either compared to some other Starbucks in the area.  The have a few tables outside that are sort of fun to sit at and watch the bumber cars and horns while you drink your coffee.  I don't know, if you live close it's probably your only option but there definitely are better Starbucks in the area.
4	What can I say!? It's Starbucks....
1	If you  want the slowest service when 2 people Are making drinks  then for Shure come here.... This is why old people shouldn't work at Starbucks
5	I was so sad when the starbucks on 39th and pinnacle close down. I literally work 6 stores down. So I can walk down on my break and get my venti GREEN TEA WITH BERRIES. Yummmm. now that they move it to 39th and happy valley with a DRIVE THRU its so hard to go there. The line is so long and same goes to the drive thru.When they first open i went in and they recognized me right away and remember my drink instantly. Great costumer service and great drinks :)
1	This is hard to say... But I do not enjoy my visits here. They are slow, crammed, difficult to get in line, and even harder to find space to wait for drinks or even fix my drink after. I love SB but this one needs a bigger store and better service.
2	The staff here is very nice there is just never enough of them. This is not a single occurrence. I was third in line this morning and from the time I walked in until I walked out it was 13 minutes.
5	We all know that there so many variables that can go wrong during the morning preparation for work, all of which have the potential of starting the day off on a negative note in some cases these things can change the course of the whole day. This morning my experience at this Starbucks was just the opposite.. The drive through line was short and the team was not only friendly, but extremely knowledgeable.As a former Starbucks employee I can say this team is rare! Consistency is key to me and they've got it all!! I pass by two other Starbucks locations each day to this store because I know they will help me start my day off right every time!
5	Very helpful.  Barista took the time to explain perks that will keep us coming back! Thanks Hillary!
5	Seriously the best Starbucks in AZ. We live right near by and are frequent users. The staff knows us and our usual orders and are ALWAYS friendly. We are and always will be loyal customers to this particular Starbucks. The only con would be no drive thru.
5	I love this store! The staff is kind and patient. I highly recommend this branch. They even helped me with my homework!
1	If your not in a hurry this might be the Starbucks to go to. I have never been to a slower Starbucks. It's not that it's even that busy the staff just seems to be hungover. I go here just about every Sunday because it's close. But I think from now on I will be driving by and heading to another.
5	At first I was disappointed that they moved from Pinnacle Peak because that location was across the street from my house. However, their new store on Happy Valley is so much nicer. Great staff & excellent drive thru service!The people that complain about the slow drive thru are probably the same people ordering all their "special" drinks that aren't even on the menu.
4	Stopped off here a few times when we were over in the area. They are always quick and efficent with moving through any lines. The staff is friendly and helpful.They even were kind enough to fix a drink for me when we stopped through after going to a different Starbucks close by that messed up my order in their drive-thru and we were gone before I tried it (too hot to try right away). The cashier was very nice about it.Overall: AGreat staff, quick to move things along and clean.
4	Its November 2nd...yesterday I enjoyed the Thanksgiving blend without the tryptophan after nap and didn't have to wear my stretchy pants either. Today I went for it. Full on Red Cup Skinny Peppermint Mocha, that escalated quickly into the holidays.  Oh yeah, it's AZ, I've got my flip flops on and I'm on the patio. At least my pedi color matches my cup.  Otherwise it would be so awkward.
5	Great people, they make a real effort to remember everyone that comes in. They always say hi to my little girl too. Great coffee and customer care. I will always go here before other locations.
5	I go to so many Starbucks and this place by far is the best! The morning crew always greets everyone with a smile and that kind of customer service is very hard to find!!
