5	OH MY GOSH!!!!! I just tried Five Guys for the first time this week and I must say that I am absolutely in LOVE with this place. They have the best burgers I have ever eaten in my life! My family and I got it to-go so the fries were kind of wimpy when we got it home but I don't even care because the burger totally made up for it! I wish there was a little more seating for people with to-go orders too but I did not mind standing. I will be back for sure!
3	Good but not great.  Better (or at least equally good) burgers can be had for less. Fries are generally under cooked. Good news they have malt vinegar for the fries so they have that going for them.All in all, not sure what the hype is all about.
5	The food here is made super fast and is delicious!  It isn't a very healthy option, but I think anyone having lunch here probably knows that.  The staff at this Five Guys are always really friendly and funny.  They seem to like working there.My family gets 1 large fry and splits it amongst the whole table as they are really generous on filing the fry cup until it is overflowing in the bag which is great.  They also offer a yummy grilled cheese sandwich if you are vegetarian or not feeling like a burger that day.  They also have boxes of free peanuts which are fun to munch on while you wait.  We love the special soda machines with dozens of soda options.  I am a diet cherry vanilla dr. pepper fan myself.The shop is always clean.  They also have patio seating outside.  Restrooms are clean.
4	Really good and simple burger. Plenty of toppings that you add for free. At first glance the fries seem really expensive but they can feed 2-3 people with the normal size. These are good fries (take note in-n-out). You can tell that they take pride in them since they have a board that tells you where the potatoes came from and bags of potatoes everywhere.Nice to have some peanuts while waiting as well.There is a reason this chain is spreading fast.It is a bit pricey though and no good option for kids burger. also kinda don't like how the squish the burger in the foil. but it does help the cheese melt.
2	Had a Five Guys open up and wanted to try it out (to see what the fuss is all about).I ordered the bacon cheeseburger with cajun fries. The burger was overly oily in my opinion but had a good taste to it.The real shocker was the amount of fries you receive with your order. There were TONS in just the regular size order. They were too undercooked in my opinion, but the spices were good.Now that I've given it a shot, I'm not sure I'd go back unless I was in a bind or SUPER hungry...
3	Not bad, but I'm not sure why this chain has a great reputation. It's just OK. Burgers are pretty tasty but grossly overcooked both times I've visited. Fries & drinks are expensive, so a simple burger/small fries/fountain drink is quite pricey. Burger toppings are good and they're all "free" - included in the not-exactly-cheap price of the burger, so load up.
3	I don't care for the burgers here. The patty was bland and unseasoned. I like that they give you lots of topping choices, but I would never get a burger here. So I had a hot dog the next time I was picking up a burger for my future stepson. The hot dog was good. I'd go back for that!  I liked how they cut it in half to grill it. Nice touch. They gave us an enormous amount of fries which is good for their customers. I'm not a big French fry eater, but I appreciate their large portions.
4	Food is fine.  For fast food. Taste good.  I think way pricy for a simple burger fries and cocacole 13$.   But. The food is fine
1	It takes a lot to make me unhappy when eating out. I figure if you are cooking and I don't have to then high five! Poor service on the other hand is a big deal. This place is being run by sullen teenagers. That's fine, it's an age. I ordered a grilled cheese that came out sad and sticky and cold. I was nice about it ( never mess with people that make your food) and asked if I could get something else. I was then charged for a replacement and told that sad sticky and cold was standard and that I was on my own. I'm pretty shocked that they would have that attitude. I had to buy a second lunch to eat with my friends.
