4	Oh, happy day! For those of you who read my scathing review of the Sprint Store in Southpark, I made good on my promise today and bought a new iPhone from this Verizon Wireless store. Learning from the hideous experience at Sprint, I made an appointment at the Verizon store for 5pm to discuss the different phone and plan options (I was debating between a Droid and the iPhone 4). That said, I don't think it would have been a problem to just walk in as the employees were all very helpful and making sure they were attending to customers as quickly as possible (maybe someone from the Sprint store, ahem Management, should stop by here to see how it's done). I worked with a woman named Bethany, who went above and beyond to answer all of my questions, discuss the pros and cons of both the Droid and the iPhone, and then helped me set up my phone, transfer contacts, and set up my online account. She also explained how I could go online to get my employee discount. In the end, I'm very happy that I switched to Verizon and am having a great time learning all the cool things the iPhone does. And Bethany gave me her card and said to call anytime if I had questions or needed help. Gold star to Verizon for customer service. Thank you so very much!
2	I've been a fan of Verizon since switching from Sprint back in 06 and became a bigger fan since getting my Droid X.   The other day I bought a 16 GB SD card for my Droid and installed it.  I started to experience problems with my phone and decided to stop by my local Verizon store for some help.  The Verizon rep led me to believe that the SD card that I purchased from Best Buy was not compatible with my Droid and proceeded to tell me that Verizon only guaranties Verizon products to work in their phones.  She then tried to sell me a 16 gb card for $69(my card was $35).  I tried to explain to her that SD tech is standardized and a PNY 16 GB Micro SD card is the same thing as the Verizon SanDisk 16 GB Micro SD card that she is trying to sell me.  She looked at my card with a look of disapproval and said "I've never heard of that brand".   She did offer to look for a discount but I declined after sensing a little attitude. I left the store disappointed with my issue unresolved.  After some homework on the internet I found out that I needed to do is reformat my new SD card to get it to work correctly. I know she is a sales person but I didn't go in there to buy something I went in there for the" World-class service and support" that Verizon advertises.Thank you Verizon.
1	I had a very bad experience at this store. I was initially helped by an associate named Tanner who told me that the iPhone 4 would be upgraded with SIRI come the new year, which was and is not the case. Furthermore, he told me that the new family plan that I received was only going to cost $10 more when in actuality it ended up costing $30 more. When I answered a survey in a negative manner, the store manager gave me a call and ensured that he would follow up with me when my first bill came out. However, in true fashion, I never received any call or follow up from him. Overall, I am very disheartened by, not only the lack of service but also the blatant lies to make a sale. When will businesses learn that the value of a customer is not based on a single sale but rather their long term buying potential. I am planning on switching over to a new carrier when this contract expires. I would recommend that folks avoid this particular Verizon store altogether.
2	Buying a cell phone has become a more painful experience with each passing day. If it's not the obscene fees the carriers are pulling out of their rectums, it's the aggressive and sometimes deceitful service you get at the retail stores.This particular store was a little bi-polar.  When I purchased a new phone in December of last year it was a pleasant and low pressure interaction. I asked the rep a couple of questions (to confirm what I had already researched) which he answered correctly along with adding some info I was not aware of. Overall, it was one of the best retail experiences I've had in a long time.Fast forward to April 8th and it was as if I had entered an entirely different store. From the first greeting you could sense the desperation in the air of "I need to sell you something NOW." I asked the rep a couple of questions about the phone I was interested in (which had also already been researched) and instead of getting the correct answer or even an "I'm not sure, let me check," I got pure BS. It was a lame attempt to cover his ignorance while trying to pass himself off as a cell phone expert. There's nothing that pisses me off more than being lied to.  If you hadn't already guessed it, I did not purchase another phone from this store. The quality in purchasing experiences shouldn't vary this wildly between reps and they sure as hell shouldn't be lying to the customer either. This was the straw that broke the camel's back for me. I'm buying my next phone online and only using this store as a demo unit showroom.
4	I desperately needed a new phone and these guys were great. I got there right when they opened and Daniel was very helpful. He answered any and all questions I had no matter how stupid he probably thought they were. Once everything was said and done I walked outta there with a new phone and realized it was the wrong color. Daniel promptly corrected the mistake and I love my new phone!Thanks Daniel and Verizon.
1	Michelle in sales hung up on me rather than answer my question or redirect me about a phone exchange. Wow.Verizon is normally better than this.
1	this store is NOT A VERIZON STORE.  they do not state that anywhere.  They fraudulently issued me an insurance policy that has been charging my account for 10.99 a month.  I never signed up NOR agreed to this insurance policy.BEWARE.
5	I'm shock at all the negative reviews. This is my favorite Verizon store because the service is super fast. Also, no one here will try to sell you anything so everything is always quick and easy! I hate going to the other Verizon locations because it either takes too long to get service or they are trying to sell you a million and one thing! The customer service reps here has also been very helpful when I have questions. I guess go here if you know what you want! :)
4	I tried buying one of the cheap Verizon Wireless kits, but after a lot of time and a lot of frustration I ended up just giving up and coming here. I should've just come here first!! My phone was back to new in no time at all!
