5	Great service, fast communication. Prompt and reliable service.  Used Matthew for our soccer teams uniforms and he came through with flying colors.  Made it so much easier for us that nobody had to be assigned laundry duties and could be out doing other things.
5	I have been very impressed with Matthew and his team so far. They really focus on the service and quality side of things - much different than any other dry cleaners in town. I love the fact I can store a credit card online - that's a big bonus for me because I like to buy things that way. I guess Amazon taught me that. :) As for the service and quality - this is a top shelf business! They do free delivery and prices are fair, too. All positives to at least give them a try!
5	Wow! How did I survive without the convenience of this dry cleaning service before!
5	Such a great service! Being able to manage everything from my phone makes dry cleaning one less thing I need to worry about.
5	OneClick Cleaners is the most convenient cleaning services I have used! I had a ton of business shirts just sitting in my laundry bin. When i found out OneClick Cleaners comes to me for pick up and delivery I was automatically sold! The "OneClick" is such a convenience, I can do everything online-fast and easy. I can be at work while my laundry is being done and when I get home it's ready for me! My shirts are brought back to life after their cleaning services. Definitely check this cleaners out!
5	I just started using this service because I was always dropping my clothes off at the cleaner and forgetting to go get them and therefore having to make a special trip. I have been very impressed with the service and how easy it is to work with them. I request a pick up online, they email me the day before to remind me, I put the bad on the porch, they email me confirmation when it has been picked up, they bring it back in two days and email me when its been delivered and it looks great. They bill my card on file and I love it. Matthew and his team do a great job!
5	Excellent service, we had 2 high quality 3 piece suits, shirts and a lace wedding dress cleaned in 24 hours.Hassle free, they collected the garments from us and then dropped them back with the concierge. Really really happy with the guys at this place. Will definitely use them again next time that we are in Vegas!
5	I went to OneClick to clean the big stain of a mixture of oil and sauce on my purse. I called many dry cleaners but most of them don't deal with cloth purses with leather on it. I am glad to find OneClick. I called and left a voice massage that had my phone number on it and Matthew replied in text message very soon. He is very nice, patient and professional. Every time I text him, he can either reply immediately or in a few minutes. I picked up my purse on Saturday. Matthew was not there. We met Brakie (Excuse me if I pronounce his name wrong) and he explained how they tried to clean this tough stain. It's really impressive how carefully they treated my purse. To avoid permanent damage to the surface, they tried the bottom first to test the effects. Although I was satisfied with their work,  Brakie was not satisfied with it and only charged me a discounted price. I am deeply impressed by their professionalism and great service. I will definitely go there again. They have a Thai lady who can repair dresses and possibly shoes too, but call to check if she's there before you go. Highly recommend OneClick to everyone!
5	We travel for work and have used many laundry service but never one as good as this. In one day our laundry was delivered to us and never folded or hung as nice. I will use them every time I'm in Vegas!!!
5	The best place to get your clothes cleaned, Matthew the most pleasant person to talk to and surprisingly a very good quality on his service . It doesn't take that much time and it is way less price than the rest of the dry cleaners I have been, I give it a thumps up for you outstanding work.
5	Great service with friendly owner. Don't be skeptical about where they are located. It's these kind of business that we usually support as they are really a gem in the rough. Come and stop by and try this dry cleaning service, if you need one.
4	They need to update their hours on yelp. I drove 30 minutes just to find out they are now closed on Saturday due to short "summer hour".
5	We have been using this company since July. A+++They are so reliable, and fast! And the website makes is SUPER EASY!How can you go wrong with that?? Just perfect. I use them for Wash & Fold service. Pick up and delivery. Never worry about it. They come and get it, then it is back before I know it!
5	What can I say, these guys made it super easy with my dry cleaning, I hate going to the dry cleaners so my nice garments and stuff just pile-up, I met the owner of this company in a networking event and what he had to say captivated me, dry cleaning easy and through the internet, I was hooked so I signed up, its a little difficult but after that it is easy one click in the portal and I will get my dry cleaning picked up when I leave it at the door, its not your super cheap dry cleaner but on the long run I think you save money in gas and hasstle...
5	Amazing service! Matthew is a very nice person which helped a yelp newbie with his laundry! Definitely going to use his service the next time! Refael
