5	Arrived to town famished after a 90 minute flight delay...thanks, Ted.... We set out after a quick walk with the most adorable pups on the planet, (Stephanie and Shy, see profile pics) I remember growing up in New Jersey- actually, it was Tony Soprano-land.  We had just moved to the US & 'going out' to eat meant going to the Arena Diner in Hackensack (I  checked, no reviews on Yelp!) where I discovered grilled cheese and ham sandwiches! But I digress.  In retrospect, sometimes I wonder about the various 'Don Vito-like' places that were in our neck of the woods, places we had never ventured that probably had  some *tasty* eats!!!!!Back to my review: The service did not miss a beat, and the food was satisfying and well presented.  To start: we had the Mozzarella FrittiBreaded and fried with Marinara and Alfredo Sauces $5.95& Stuffed MushroomsMushrooms Stuffed with Sausage, Spinach and Italian Cheeses $6.95While both appetizers were good, the stuffed mushrooms were flavorful and were an excellent start to our meal. The following were served with a side of Penne Pasta- In addition, a choice of Green Salad or Cup of Soup- I had the minestrone soup, which was piping hot. Veal ParmesanLightly Breaded and Oven Baked with Marinara Sauce & Mozzarella Cheese $21.95My choice: Chicken ParmesanLightly Breaded and Oven Baked with Marinara Sauce and Mozzarella Cheese $15.95My chicken parmesan was a generous portion of 2 chicken breasts lightly breaded and pan fried- perfectly balanced, without the dreaded sogginess. We opted  for the Tiramisu as dessert- when it arrived to our table, we were surprised that it was served in a tall martini glass (correct me if i am wrong, pics above) with a topping of fresh berries!!! Light and airy, with a nice hint of sweetness but not overloaded with liqueur, the only regret we had was that we didn't order ONE each! .. Apologies go out to my Host With the Mostest in Las Vegas (Heretofore to be referred to as: HWMLV) But then again... many more eating adventures await, so it was prob just as well. Or, at least, that's what my trainer said when she weighed me today. NOTE: Don't forget the Listerine.... the garlic factor is *super* high for us- (or maybe it was just what we ordered?)
5	So.... we're planning a trip to Vegas for my 40th. My wife's parents tell us, you have to try this Italian place if you get a chance! It's about 10 miles south of the strip on Las Vegas Blvd. in a casino called South Point.We arrive and proceed to have some fun gambling, people watching, etc. Dinner time comes around on day two and we've planned to follow the advice of my parents-in-law and eat at Don Vito's.We arrive at a much larger than expected casino and park in the parking garage.... right inside the entrance on the right is Don Vito's... very convenient so far!It's a Sunday evening around 9:30 PM... not too busy at all. In fact, the place closes at 10PM so we're glad we got in when we did. The place has an old school charm to it, but it's not old fashioned. Tastefully decorated and well appointed. The staff is excellent... knowledgeable and personable. The waitresses' assistant goes out of his way to make sure we're taken care of. And I haven't even gotten to the food yet..The food was excellent! We started with the Artichoke Franchese.. my wife wanted to compare it with her Nana's authentic Italian recipe. While it was pretty darned good, she said it didn't quite reach the level of her Nana's. The pasta fagioli soup was the best I've ever tasted.... flavorful, hearty, delicious! My wife enjoyed it just as much.My main course was Seafood Diavolo on the recommendation of our waitress... it was either that or the Lobster Milanese. I think either would have been an excellent choice. The Seafood Diavolo was deliciously spicy and full of large plump shrimp and scallops, and huge pieces of lobster. My wife chose the Chicken Angelo... on her mother's recommendation, and with a little push from the waitress. She thoroughly enjoyed it as well.Even though we were stuffed, we ended up ordering dessert... to go! Canoli and Creme Brulee... neither disappointed, even the day after.The best part about this whole meal wasn't the delicious food or excellent service... it was the incredible value. This excellent meal with appetizer, soup, dinner and dessert was $65 for two.I can't recommend Don Vito's strongly enough.. it's a little ways south of the Strip, but well worth the short drive.
4	Hey no one beats their olive oil and garlic they serve. Amazing! The service is good and friendly.. The food overall is just OK. The price point is EXCELLENT amazing value!!! but there is one thing here that is EXCELLENT (besides the brread + garlic) the seafood pasta diavolo . ENORMOUS amounts of seafood for the price and very very tasty!! Definitely check them out. They get the extra star because best bread and one exception dish. and my family members adores this joint so i have tried probably 10 different items. so i know what they are about
1	It's about the worst Italian food I've ever tasted!  I'm definitely not one to bash a place but...... Bad bad bad! I actually enjoy stoffers lasagna more than the chicken parm that I got!  Chicken was so dry I started to get that sensation of my teeth sticking together.  Calamari was like tiny rubber bands. Waiter offered to remove it from my bill when he noticed I only ate 3 bites!  If you want middle of the road Italian food go to olive garden.... If you want nasty come here!  Trust me don't waste your evening!
3	Per the Yelp rating system, 3 stars equates to "A-OK".  That is exactly where I would drop Don Vito's.  Well, maybe not drop but place.  I would place them there.  Firmly and with authority but not in a harmful or diminutive way.  Anyway, Don Vito's is not a restaurant I would seek out but it's just fine.  If I stayed at South Point again I would probably eat here again.  Fair enough?I had basic spaghetti with meatballs.  It was tasty and filling, not spectacular by any stretch.The service was excellent throughout the meal.The atmosphere here is pretty much what you would expect for a casino Italian restaurant...maybe even a little nicer than you would expect.
1	I like talking about good eats and like to forget the bad but my experience here was far from good. The price of the food was good however the food itself reminded me of microwaved dinners. The eggplant parm and chicken copa was the meal of the evening. I prefer South Point's cafe food over this 'italian' dining. The service was slow and the place was not busy.
5	The mind boggles at some of the negative reviews I'm reading about this place. It's lower key, but almost on par with Brio at Town Square.Very reasonably priced with soup or salad thrown in with the main meals. I had the Rigatoni Vito which was excellent with an assortment of different peppers, olives, sausage and a spicy tomato sauce. Wife had the Gnocchi which was in a slightly different form than we are used to which was also great.My wife is a vegetarian so it's also a plus that there's FOUR different things on the menu for her, as well as plenty to keep me (with my dislike of common Italian fare such as mushrooms) happy also.
3	Arrived on a friday night and soon after unpacking looked for something to eat. Don Vito's it is. I yelped it to see what has been ordered thats been good. Chicken parmasian was not one of them. My mom ordered it anyways and she said it was ok but she said she would only give it 2 starts out of 5. My dad and i both ordered the Rigatoni Vito, i ordered  it because of the good reviews. All the seafood platters have gotten good reviews but i didnt feel like spending $30 on a dish so i stuck with the Rigatoni Vito  and it had a little spicy kick to it. The sausage was very good and the sauce wasnt bad. I wouldnt order it again but it was ok. id give it a 3.5 stars. The salad that i recieved before the food was excellent. It was the best pre-dinner salad that ive probably had or atleast the best ive had in a very long time. Service was really good also.
3	Had a 2 for 1 entree coupon so what the heck.  I got the seafood fradiavolo that came with the grossest caesar salad in the history of the world.  Just mayo mixed w/ parmesan...seriously?  My wife went with the shrimp scampi.  Both pasta dishes were fine and the shrimp were pretty large.  I can't imagine I would ever come back here.  It certainly wasn't excellent.  Just ok but there are SO many other Italian places w/ better food and better prices like Nora's.  Brio is definitely better.
3	Overall, a nice Italian restaurant in the South Point Hotel. Elegant and comfortable atmosphere, good service and good food.  With the opening carb basket, they serve a tasty italian "chutney" of olive oil, diced tomatoes and roasted garlic ... Super delicious on the warm slices of bread!I ordered their cioppino, and it was really quite yummy. Came in a huge bowl and was chock full of various sea-dwelling creature pieces. The broth was very flavorful.  I would order this again. My date had the chicken parm, which was fine. Not particularly impressive, but fine.If I was in the area, I would happily eat here again,l but wouldn't travel out of my way to this perfectly fine but less-than-awesome Italian restaurant.
5	Let me start off by saying I am not real big on sea food But the lobster here is Off the charts it's the Lobster MilaneseBreaded, Pan-Fried and Served with Lemon Butter Sauce $29.95 if it was $300 it would be money well spent. with your rolls they bring a small bowl of Garlic And Tomatoes in olive oil for dipping it's so good your meal could end with that alone and you would walkout happy. The lighting is dim and romantic great place to bring a date for fine dinning that will not put a hit on your bank roll. she will think your a high roller and who knows what will come next ba da bing ba da bang
2	Very disappointing meal, especially since everything up to the entree was really good. They start you off with the bread basket which comes with this bowl of "relish," garlic cloves, tomatoes and basil marinating in olive oil and balsamic vinegar. First impression was "wow, this is really good!" Then we ordered stuffed mushrooms which were 3 huge mushroom caps stuffed with sausage and spinach, tasty! Salad was salad, but still good. Then came the main course, Hubby ordered fettuccine alfredo with shrimp and I ordered the pomodoro. While his dish looked appetizing my looked like a can of crushed tomatoes had been plopped ontop of angel hair pasta. Both dishes lacked flavor and was so bad we asked for both to be packed up after only two bites. The carryout containers were soon dumped into the nearest trash can once we left the resturant.The Southpoint resturants are hit or miss. We liked the Silverrado Steakhouse and Primely primerib, while we really didn't care for the mexican resturant or the buffet. We'll be adding Don Vito's to the "will not come again" list
5	This restaurant is one of the best restaurants in Vegas. We go there often for special occasions. We always ask for Ian to be our waiter as he provides exceptional service. The filet is great (better than steak houses), you could cut it with your fork and is always cooked perfect. The sea bass (large portion) which was cooked perfect and tasted great. The chicken and pasta dishes are excellent. They must have the best cooks at Don Vito's as our food has always been great. Their "wine of the month" for $20 per bottle are always good. We had 2009 Murphy Goode Cab for $20 there which was excellent.
3	We received warm rolls which we normally would refuse, but not tonight because we knew from past experience that they would be accompanied by a small bowl of roasted garlic, chopped tomatoes and EVO.  We each ordered the eggplant Parmesan which came with a choice of soup, salad or pasta.  Ann chose the excellent pasta faglioli while I ordered a salad dressed with tomato basil vinaigrette.  The eggplant, stuffed with ricotta, was very good and I was able to use a 2 for 1 coupon from a locals mailer.
4	The South Point is the king of drawing in people. During a time of scaling back and living a more modest lifestyle, this casino invites guest in with meal specials and giveaways. They also have no problems with combining offers. My dad had received a cash value comp and had a two for one entree coupon and they accepted both. With them practically giving food away, how good could it be? Surprisingly enough, it was worth the full price they would be charging.We started our meal with an order of Calamari Fritto. It was not the best I have ever had, but very generous. The batter was too doughy, leaving an odd finishing texture on the tentacle pieces. My dad had ordered the Medium Rare Veal Chop. Are you sure that came from a young cow? This bone in cut was enormous. The meat was tender with a thin sliver of fat to lock in all the flavor. Served on top of a bed of green beans with a side of sauteed onions, it was a feast. If that was not enough, it comes with pasta in marinara and a side salad or soup. My mom got the Cioppino, it was thickened with a little cream and had a copious amount of seafood. The stew had half a lobster tail, scallops, clams, mussels, large prawns, and calamari. Throwing in some linguine and it is a meal big enough for two. We shared it and there was still enough to take home. I got the Gnocchi, sub marinara instead of the regular cream sauce. The tomato base made for a fresher and lighter flavor. The potato pasta were fluffy and not as dense as I would expect for the size. I ended up packing this to go. Both of these last dishes come with a side salad or soup as well. After an enjoyable meal, the only complaint comes from the billing issue, but even that can be overlooked due to a delicious meal.
1	This place is probably one of the worst Italian places I have ate at especially in Vegas. If you want some great Italian check out B&B ristorante at the Palazzo and you will see the difference. I had the lasagna and the ricotta was over cooked and also when you have watery red sauce at the bottom of your plate it means the sauce isn't good.Take it from an Italian who knows Italian food and don't waste your $ at this place; dine on the strip for a much better selection.
4	My wife and I had a great time here at Don Vito's. It was easy to get a reservation, and our waitress was very friendly and patient when explaining some of their wines and dishes. We started off with an excellent bottle of white wine and a very tasty appetizer.The entree was excellent! My wife had the Ravioli and I had the Chicken Alfredo pasta. There was plenty of food, so much that I couldn't even finish half of my plate. Their dessert ended the night well and we both left with full stomachs and happy hearts.Only reason they didn't make the 5 star list is due to price. Although the prices are not ridiculous, they are higher than you would expect from a hotel that is removed from the strip. Overall though, very great experience and a solid 4 stars.
5	It's become a tradition with my step dad, boyfriend, and myself to eat out during Christmas Day.  We didn't know where to go and my boyfriend suggested Don Vito's.  We had dinner here once before about five years ago and felt it was just okay at the time.  The only reason why we decided to come back here again was because it was around the corner from my step dad's house.Normally, it's customary to have a reservation at Don Vito's, especially during Christmas Day.  When we got there, we were very lucky to have been seated by the hosts.  Either it was out of Christmas Day kindness or maybe because we got there at 4pm and not many people had made any reservations for that time.  What ever the reason, we're very happy we got seated.The decor was very intimate and very elegant, matching with the service and host.  If I was to say some sort of constructive criticism, it would be to lighten it up a little bit.  The ambiance has a very romantic feel to it and I can imagine first dates, someone being proposed to, etc.  We were immediately served with water and appetizer of bread with garlic and tomatoes with olive oil and balsamic vinegar.  The appetizer was definitely something worth remembering.  The taste was awesome and I could eat it all day if it was right in front of me every day.  For my main course, I ordered Eggplant Parmesan:  Lightly Breaded and Oven-Baked with Marinara Sauce, Mozzarella and Ricotta Cheeses.  It was very good and not too oily.  Sometimes this dish is prepared with too much olive oil and hard to eat.  I was very pleasant and chowed it all down.My boyfriend ordered Cappellini Pomodoro:  Angel Hair Pasta with a Fresh Tomato & Basil Sauce.  This is very different to see because he's a very meaty kind of a person.  I wasn't sure if he was going to like it but he was so in love with it.  If he could marry it, he would.  The whole plate was emptied out, I was almost jealous I didn't order it.  My step dad ordered the Vegan Vito's:  Whole Wheat Penne Pasta, Fresh Vegetables.  He was also very pleased.  In the end, all three of us were very impressed and hands down would want to come back for more.  More than likely we'll be back here for Christmas this year.
4	Don Vito's was great.  Service was excellent.  Prices were good.  The atmosphere was relaxing.  And the food was tasty.  I'd recommend ordering the Acqua Panna bottled water.  It's a large water bottled in Tuscany, Italy.  It's the cleanest tasting water I've ever had and it's only $4.
3	Foods okay but I have been quite a few times cause its a good close option and its reasonably priced.
3	This was my second visit to Don Vito's. I wasn't impressed with much either time. I have not found any Italian in this city so far that rates as "real" Italian, that being said... Appetizers were crab ( botttom of cup is avocado), Mushrooms ( very good but ridiculous for the price ( three mushrooms), oyster ( a little rubbery?). The bread was fresh, the oil and garlic mix they give you is really great. Salad is extra and its basically romaine thrown on a plate with a little cheese. The soup was ok, not good not bad. Being an Italian food snob, I wouldn't order any Italian and I was glad. I ventured to get the Filet Mignon and it was fabulous. I was on the fence whether it would be ok or not being this isn't a steakhouse. I do recommend it. The pasta however is a screaming joke, it was served in a tiny cat bowl of a dish and the marinara sauce was disgusting. ( There is apparently no Italian Great Grandma standing over the sauce for hours before it's served, there might even be a can from a mart store). The broccoli was good but looked funny. The lasagne as good, not excellent. Most of our party ordered Chicken Parmesan and they liked it. The Tiramisu was really great and it is served with fresh rasberries on top. The coffee is fine. The creme brulee was yummy. The service was wonderful, the atmosphere is nice. The seating is comfortable. I think the prices are a little too high for what you get, but I am perhaps cheap... I would come here again as it is a nice place to go with family, you can hear each other talk etc. I'll stick to the Fliet Mignon though, none of the "Italian" looked authentic to me. If you aren't a stickler for old school Italian this might be fine for you, and as I said the atmosphere is nice and service as great. Still not sure if I'd recommend it, I suspect there are better places in Vegas for the price. I'd give 2 1/2 stars if it was available. It is better than some of the other options at Southpoint though.
5	I like it!! I had better food but this place got very good service!! For the money u paying is great!! The portion is very good!! And they have wine special!! U got to check that out.
4	Excellent food with a nice intimate atmosphere only to be topped with an amazing waiter!
4	Great meal for the prices! Visiting Vegas twice the last couple years, I ate here both times I was there. We stayed at the Grandview next door and were able to walk across the street to the South Point and have a great meal. Thinking that all the restaurants in Vegas were expensive, I was very happy to see that this place is very reasonable. The chicken marsala is delicious, highly recommended. If you're looking for a nice meal at a good price that is off the hustle and bustle of the strip, Don Vito's is it!
5	Stopped here on our way back to LA... what a great find.  We didn't want a crazy heavy meal because we were getting on the road soon, but we didn't want fast food either.  Johnny was a delightful server, we mentioned we weren't too hungry but DH saw the Cioppino on the menu and his eyes opened.  Well, Johnny suggested we split it because it was very generous.  Not only was it more than enough for both of us, but it was delicious.  Their bread basked and roasted garlic tomato mix it comes with is also very good, even the Caesar was nice.  Thank you Johnny you were helpful and very courteous... Hope to make it our regular last stop from now on.
4	Good service and food as always.  I have been coming here for years and this Saturday had a party of 5, great service, easy reservations, good front desk.  I like this place as the food and service is very much the same every time, Good.
4	I eat here quite often since I spend a lot of time in the casino.  The attention to detail, the room and the service have been excellent every time I have dined here.  They have a nice variety of ( mostly Northern) Italian food. There are also a few very nice  non Italian dishes that seem influenced by the steakhouse next door.  The steaks and seafood are still exclusive to the room and a nice addition for groups where people in a party want something other than Italian food. I switch it up now and then but I like the Cappellini Pomodoro and Ravioli the best for my entree. The caprese  is a very large portion and has very nice flavor. The minestrone soup tastes very fresh  as well. For dessert I could almost pick blindly and really like  anything I pick since I've tried everything. My very favorite is Zabaglione & Fresh Berries. It is light, flavorful and a perfect way to end a nice meal with along with some Fernet-Branca or a chilled Sambuca. The only thing keeping this from a 5 star review is the marinara sauce and other red sauces are good but not great. They learn toward cream based which isn't my style. The food and service is excellent and the sauce is good. Very nice room and usually very quiet and spacious. A very enjoyable dinner every time I dine here.
4	Excellent Italian restaurant in the South Point Hotel & Casino.  I ate there on two evenings this week.  First night's meal was a sauteed halibut special, served with several large scallops.  (The meals come with a choice of soup or salad, and pasta.  $3 upcharge for a Caesar salad).Second meal was a menu item: Veal Limone.... kind of a veal piccata but minus the capers.  This had  to be the best veal cutlets I've eaten in twenty years.  No kidding.  If U like veal, you've gotta try the veal at Don Vito's.Service was professional and attentive.
5	This was a great last minute find!  We had a party of 10 with some food allergies and everyone was pleased with their food and the staff was very accommodating, the portions were large, service was good, nice wine list and the ambiance was nice too.  We will make this a regular stop when we are in Las Vegas!
3	This place seems a bit overrated on Yelp, food is meh, service is good, ambiance is good, value is bad!At $25 a plate I was expecting great Italian food, my date and I both got average meals but the ambiance and service were good so I wouldn't write this place off - but it would have to be one of my only options to come back.
5	Great food great service, love coming here.
4	We celebrated Christmas at Don Vito's. We've enjoyed it in the past and we were staying at the hotel so it was a good fit.Their garlic dipping oil and warm bread they give you to start is so delicious; we immediately, dug in.  However, we were all careful not to stuff ourselves silly. We had salad or soup to start the standout was the caprese ($10). Beautiful and tasty!The crab stuffed halibut ($30) was offered on the Christmas menu. It was good, but not terribly special. I've had far better fish elsewhere. The rest of the entrees varied from surf to turf and pasta: filet mignon ($30), veal parm ($28), sea bass ($30) and gnocchi ($17) were all enjoyed. The gnocchi was the crowd pleaser. Rich and dreamy. Thanks to the coupon booklet given at hotel check-in we were able to all indulge in complimentary dessert. A canoli, tiramisu and cheesecake were had. All were scrumptious. Service was great throughout the meal. We also had a bottle of wine and the total damage for five was $210. It was a pleasant surprise, Merry Christmas to us.
2	Food is OK, decor is horrible!  Totally out of date!  Service could be better, too.
4	Great food and service. Bon appetite!
3	More accurately I'd give this restaurant 3.5 stars. I never thought I'd wish for fractions...The service is great. I came here alone for my weekly antisocial mini-vacation and thoroughly enjoyed the experience. Everyone I talked to was extremely helpful and welcoming. Ambiance is pleasant--a large window separates the restaurant from the rest of the casino so I didn't hear the slot machines. The lighting and circular setup turn it into a tranquil bubble within the casino. Here is the breakdown in ratings for different menu items:BREAD: 4 stars. They have a definite edge in the bread department because you get a little bowl of marinated garlic/bruschetta...I have never seen such a wonder! That shiz is good as hell. The bread itself is pretty good, but the goody bowl is the impressive part!PASTA E FAGIOLI SOUP: 3.5 stars. Tasty lil bowl of soup. Nothing extravagant, but nice.  CHICKEN ANGELO: 3.25 stars. I'm getting weird with fractions again. It's a good dish with a nice flavor and it was recommended by two of the staff members. Even though I liked it I couldn't help feeling there was something missing. I saved half the dish for later, which means it was good enough for me to take but it wasn't so good that I couldn't stop eating it. Maybe it didn't have MSG in it haha! That or it lacked an X-factor. TIRAMISU: 2 stars. I took this to-go and wasn't a fan. The ladyfingers were SOAKED in liqueur. They tasted gross to me. I avoided the soggy liqueur cake parts and just ate the creamy part which was just decent. I've had way better tiramisu. My waitress recommended this, which either means she loves liqueur and soggy cake or she just hasn't eaten as many tiramisus as me. It was a hot mess of a dessert. Because I had such a pleasant time here, there is a chance I will return. Plus--I really like Southpoint and it's close to my house. It is overpriced though, so I'm more likely to try other places first. "Luxury eating" expenses aren't supposed to be in my budget, and I could have gone to Chipotle 4 times for what I paid (including wine and a hearty tip). No regrets, but can't justify rushing back either!
2	Average food at best. Service was painfully slow and when it was around it felt like there was a language barrier (and I actually do NOT believe that was the case). Not quite the twilight zone but it must be a boarder town.
4	Overall good experience. Loved the garlic tapenade and bread, paired with a 2009 Louis Martini Cab.Caesar salad was ok, a little watery instead of pasty bold flavor, fixed with a little extra dressing.I ordered the Rib Eye Special, the husband ordered Pasta with sausage, neither were memorable. Our friends enjoyed the Chilean Sea Bass and LasagnaOur waiter Glenn was good and accommodating.We didn't care for Francisco the asst. waiter, limited English and not helpful.
2	Went here last night for an anniversary dinner and were very disappointed with what we got for the price.  We arrived at 6pm and were promptly seated and the service was top notch if not a bit overboard (my water never got more than 1/2 full and as soon as i put my fork down they were there to clear my plate) to begin with, it slowed as the evening progressed. The bread with bruchetta was very good. The dinner rolls were hot from the oven and very chewy; and the bruchetta was very garlicky which I love and the EVOO was good quality. We split a gorgonzola and pear salad which was very good and possibly the highlight of the meal.I am only giving two stars because the salad was the last place the food and the service were exceptional. The restaurant started to fill up and our waiter, Jose,  all but disappeared, in fact we had to ask the buser, Mirabel to find him several times. We split the Artichoke Franchese which was bland and soggy, such a disappointment since I love artichokes. The breading on the artichokes just tasted like bad breading at a dive bar with zero seasonings and there is no sauce included to drown the taste.I ordered the Veal Limone which I had read was quite good. It is served with string beans and a side of pasta. The veal itself was cooked perfectly but it is drowning in a heavy butter sauce. The beans had no seasoning and were over cooked. I am not a fan of red sauce to begin with but the pasta was drenched in what tasted like a canned tomato sauce. My boyfriend ordered the rib eye topped with mushrooms which was cooked perfectly and he did enjoy it. Unfortunately he too had the same complaint as me in regards to the beans and pasta. When it came time to pay there was no one to be found, not even our overly attentive buser. When the buser finally got our waiter he brought us the wrong bill (which he blamed the buser for) and then we had to flag our buser down to get the issue fixed.
2	We had dinner on a first night of stay at the South Point.  We each ordered our usual eggplant Parmesan which is stuffed with ricotta.  Entrees include a side dish of penne pasta with marinara sauce and a choice of salad or soup.  We received a bread basket along with their delicious dipping sauce of roasted red peppers and garlic cloves plus olive oil.  Unfortunately, our Caesar salads looked like coleslaw and were devoid of any "Caesar" taste.  Our entrees were bountiful, but it was quite obvious each came from a different batch.  Mine was topped with a large amount of melted mozzarella while my wife's was charred on the edges with little in the way of cheese.  She ended eating less than half of hers and about a 14 of mine.  We were both full so we used free dessert coupons from the fun books received at check-in for takeout orders of tiramisu and cappuccino cheesecake.  We also took advantage of the  1/2 point dining promotion that ran on Tuesday and Wednesdays in March. We had the desserts the following day and felt the cheescake had way too much crust and not enough cream cheese.
4	On a recent trip to Vegas my fam met up with an old high school friend at Don Vito's.  I really enjoyed the food.  The whole party was really happy with the taste and portions.  I was really surprised with the kid's pizza.  I was expecting a personal size pizza but holy cow it was huge.  Like a medium size pizza.  Just be prepared.  I would recommend and visit this establishment again on my next trip to Vegas.
4	Nice atmosphere, good service and good drinks.  I didn't love my entree but I would definitely give this restaurant another try and order something different.
4	Pasta was great !!! Pomadoro ... Alfredo ... Rib eye special .... Ceasar salad lackluster !!! Soup dejour  !! Great !!! Device above average !!! 3.5 stars because salad was wilted and watery
4	I never would have gone to Don Vito's- never would have thought about it, but we had some friends who were staying at Southpoint and we decided it looked good enough for dinner.  We were seated right away on a Tuesday evening without a reservation, and service was pleasant and attentive.  Almost all meals come with a choice of either Caesar salad or soup, and many of the entrees also come with a side of pasta. They have a decent specialty cocktail menu and a pretty extensive wine list; all pretty reasonably priced. The bread and spread were  good, but the Caesar salad was unremarkable. I ordered the seafood risotto, and WOW!! I was quite impressed!! A hearty portion, with lots of seafood- large shrimp, scallops, lobster chunks, and crab over a delicious, creamy, risotto.  It was $32, which was on the high end, but it was well worth it.My friends were also pleased with their meals. Many of the pasta dishes average around $21, and were nicely prepared and tasty.
4	Pretty good food at a decent price. Traditional Italian favorites. Soup, salad and bread basket with entree. I had the Osso Bucco Raviolis with mushroom cream sauce. Everything from Spaghetti to Veal.
1	I just had a birthday dinner for my mother at don Vito ... I have eaten there before and enjoyed the food and the service... This time I was so disappointed ... The food  was so bad ... They must of changed there Quality of food... We will never be back
4	Service and ambience are both good. I find those are two things that the restaurants in the Southpoint do surprisingly well. I almost couldn't decide between a three or four star rating, but I decided to round up because I love their eggplant parmesan so much. I've been here three times, and each time it was great. Nothing worse than ordering something you loved before and getting a crappy version the next time. Bonus points for consistency. The eggplant is tender and layered with wonderful creamy ricotta filling, excellent marinara, and topped with a thick golden layer of bubbling mozzarella. $17 worth of heaven.The bread basket is nice- two flavors of ciabatta rolls: plain and topped with sun dried tomatoes. It comes with a dish of garlic cloves and roasted peppers in oil, and if you get your pretty sister to bat her eyelashes at the waiter, you will also get butter, olive oil and balsamic vinegar. A yummy little bread buffet.My sis loves the grilled shrimp appetizer. I found it just ok- tends to be overcooked and a little tough. (Which still beats undercooked and slimy). Shrimp are hard to get to that perfect doneness, but they ARE professionals.Babygirl likes the Chicken Angelo, which I find good but not the best version I've ever had. Makes me nostalgic for the old Cosmo's Underground.Dessert is kind of weak.( Not unexpected in an Italian restaurant- the only thing I usually like are cannolis anyway) . Little guy had the coconut sorbet, which was served in a real shell and garnished nicely, but frozen too hard and somewhat flavorless.And speaking of flavorless, my biggest complaint is the salad course. It's kind of a Catch 22 : it's too small, and it doesn't taste very good. SO, you want a bigger salad, but not THAT salad. They call it caesar, but you can detect almost none of the wonderful pungent, earthy flavors it should have. It's just a little bowl of watery, flavorless. shredded lettuce. I'm thinking they cut down down the portions to avoid waste when they saw how much was being returned to the kitchen. But the problem was not that they were giving too much, but that nobody liked it. Get a clue, Don Vito's: enough people have complained about the salad, so fix it!It's not that hard. And while you're at it, take that shrimp off the fire a minute earlier. Thank you.
3	I liked it, although I like a lighter touch when it comes to Italian dishes. A little pricey for the level of dishes. That being said, the pasta was fresh and the minestrone was good.
1	The garlic tomato sauce that comes with the bread is the only good thing there.  The soup tastes like it came from a bag, and the marinara sauce on my pasta and chicken was disgusting. It was sour, and upset my stomach. My mom had the cheese ravioli, which was actually pretty good, but the service here BLOWS! We complained about the sauce to which the response was, "yeah, they make it sour here..." Sucks, sucks, sucks.
5	The best orange roughy I have ever had. it was a special. The edges had a perfect crispness. Don't miss this place if you have the chance.
4	The atmosphere is very calming, very soft lighting. They have a reasonably priced wine selection and also the menu is amazing. I would definitely recommend the chicken carpaccio
4	We were quickly seated at don Vito's and the food was delicious. The seafood risotto is absolutely to die for and even reheats well if you have leftovers. I didn't care for our server, although I don't remember his name. Subpar service and noise was an irritation to the meal but the good food keeps don Vito's as an option for me.
5	Bread with relish, amazing salad, and excellent wine pairing for seafood risotto.  This place never disappoints... Staff always on top of their game, treats every customer as if they were mr gaughan.  If you are in the south point, all of your dining options are top notch, in the mood for Italian, Don Vito's is a must.
5	Excellent service,  food was incredible well priced for what I got.  Highly recommend.
4	Located in the South Point Casino, this is a very nice restaurant that offers a wide selection of Italian favorites.  Service was good and the restaurant was in no hurry to push us through our meal to claim our table.  We made reservations through Open Table as we had "walked in" earlier in our stay only to find there was nothing available for over an hour.  They provide a nice bread basket with fresh ciabatta rolls and dipping sauce.  We enjoyed a nice Ceasar salad followed by pasta dishes.  The fettuccine Alfredo was excellent as was the linguine with clams in a white sauce.  This was accompanied by a nice Pinot Grigio.  We are not dessert eaters so I cannot address that issue although some of those going to other tables were visually enticing.  I am not sure what the previous complaints about the size of the salads as I though the size was appropriate for a first course.  We will definitely return when staying in this hotel again next year.
4	We have finally figured out how to finesse this place. The secret is the meat and fish. Get a surf and turf diner! It is much much better than the steakhouse next door and more affordable. We ordered filet mignon, sea bass, lobster... wow. High quality and wonderful food. Much better than their Italian dishes. The lobster is fried with a little breading, which surprised me. But it was very good, just next time I'll get the sea bass. The Salmon looked smaller than the other choices of fish available but tasted very good. The filet Mignon was tender, the vegetables nice. The service and atmosphere are great here. For evening dining this is possibly your best bet at the Southpoint location.
4	This place was pretty good the service was good and the food was really good The free bread is ok they give you a unique dipping sauce I wasn't enjoying it to much but the rest of the food was great no complaints in the group of 4.
4	Entrees include a choice of Caesar salad or soup. The Caesar salad here is marginal so we each opted for a cup of minestrone soup which were hearty.  We were also served warm rolls plus the always excellent EVOO, roasted garlic and tomato dipping sauce.  Our entrees were eggplant Parmesan - lightly breaded eggplant, marinara, ricotta and mozzarella.  This meal never fails to fills us up so we once again opted to take our free, with fun book coupons received at hotel check-in, slices of tiramisu to go.
3	UPDATE: I had a very pleasant phone call from the Mgr. Mr Richards.  He was kind and open to my comments.  The meatballs in question are made of veal and pork with less beef for more flavor.  My niece did say they were good.I am sure wait staff might have been on an 'off' night (we all have had them).When the business takes time to ask 'how to do better', I have to give them extra points.  We all need to learn from our mistakes.  I will give this place another try.AMBIENCE-3- OK, curved booths along wall. NOISE-2-SERVICE-2- my 1st drink, average wait time. Remaining table guest- slow drinks, multiple wait people (seemed like one for water, one for menu's, one for completion of table set up for 4 people & they still forgot the two extra bread plates, one to PICK UP the menu's BEFORE we placed our order, then finally the REAL WAITER FOOD-2- I had Vegan Pasta -ok. My (Italian) niece ordered Spag / Meatballs. The meatballs were like pale color
4	At first, I was a little skeptical about a restaurant with a "cute" name attached to a casino well off the Las Vegas Strip, but it was convenient, so we gave it a try. We wound up having a very enjoyable meal in a quiet setting at a reasonable price. The food was delicious, the service was attentive but not intrusive, and the wine selection was excellent.  Overall, a very pleasant dining experience.
1	This place was horrible and not veggie friendly! They wanted to charger us 4$ to switch out bacon for hash browns. Horrible manager, and service.
3	Located in the South Point Casino this is a nice looking restaurant.  There were some really nice aspects to this meal and some negatives too. This is a very mixed review.   The bread was wonderful and fresh.  We ordered the chicken marsala.  Delicious chicken and sauce.  Very much enjoyed.  We also ordered the chicken parm.  Now the chicken was tender but the marinara sauce served with it was horrible.  It tasted like it came from a jar.  Think of Ragu or chef boy ardee or one of those brands. Not much effort put into the sauce at all. I could have doctored up better sauce at home.  The tuscan chicken was good.  Service was spotty.  We either received lots of attention or no one around.  It also took a while to get our food. So A-ok overall.....this could easily be a 4 star with some effort.  Not sure I would go back.  There are too many other choices for food in las vegas.
5	Delicious meal from start to finish. The salad was fresh crisp and cold. The house bread has peppers on top of them and the olive oil dip with garlic and tomato is great. Good size and price for cocktails.   Main dishes are large portioned but I wouldnt split a plate because they charge $10 for two people to share 1 meal. $10 is cheaper than any meal on the menu but id rather be adventurous and get two plates and try both dishes. And you can always take your leftovers home. Amazing dishes as far as what I ordered. My husband enjoyed his as well. ( I had the chicken copa )The cappuccino cheesecake is shareable size and served with fresh berries. Very elegant place. Yes its pricy 18 and up per plate but its an authentic italian restuarant. Its not olive garden. To quote someone elses review, yes going to steak and shake would be cheaper to feed a whole family. But the two are NOT comparable. A burger joint vs italian fine dining. So just know what youre willing to pay so you arent suprised when the bill comes. I would def come back again. Not to mention the service was fantastic.
5	Service was great.  Atmosphere and food was good.  And if  you stay at Southpoint they have a coupon another bonus. If  you want a nice romantic dinner with white table cloth I would definitely go back!   And it wont break your bank!
1	Service was great. Sauce was tasteless full of tomato peels no seasoning. We had Lasagna, shrimp scampi, salmon, veal parmesan.  Lasagna was ok, shrimp scampi ok, salmon lots of bones very small , veal was salty who serves string beans next to veal parmasian. presentation turned me off right away. overall meal not so great. desserts were better.  Overall very disappointed in the quality of the food. The sauce was the most awful bitter unseasoned out of the can pomadoro I have ever tasted .YUK If you are planning on a nice dinner out this would not be it. Overpriced for low quality food. Very disappointed. There is obviously no chef of any talent in the kitchen.  It seems to be run by short order cooks with no training. Italian food is really hard to screw up. Dinner was over $200. For 5 people , alcohol not included and I was embaressed that we brought our guests here. Avoid this place
5	Great food.. we had a large group and everyone raved about how great it was!!  Definitely going back!!
1	Wouldn't seat me. Said there was a 45 minute wait. Left the restaurant and they seated a group of people that walked in after me. I've had this happen before at other restaurants. They don't want to lose a table to a party of one. Not a nice way to do business.
3	Decent but certainly not outstanding...Good portions and good food, average prices.You won't be blown away, but won't be disappointed either.
4	I ordered the Chicken Parmesan and my GF got the Eggplant entree.   We both loved it!   The service was impeccable and the food was delicious.   i give this restaurant 4 stars!   Cheers!
5	This place is amazing! Been going here since I was younger, the food is always excellent. Coming from an Italian family this is by far the closes thing to homemade pasta, the Gnocchi is amazing! Service is always great and would recommend to any Italian food lovers.
5	We come to Don Vito's every time we come to Las Vegas. My Mom is a local and we all are always happy with the food and excellent service. We went there for her birthday and had a wonderful time. I recommend the chicken Parmesan.
5	This restaurant exceeded my expectations.  The food was great.  The staff was knowledgeable and on task. I expected olive garden type food and received so much more.
3	I rate the place average.  We had an appetiser platter with fried calamari, zucchini, and shrimp the calamari was overcooked rubbery.   For my entree I had scallops over risotto - scallops were ok risotto was swimming in butter.  If you're going to eat here suggest you order Italian staples ie pasta, chicken parm etc my colleagues enjoyed their meals.
1	Eww!  That's all I can say about this meal this evening.  We have never have had a bad meal here, however, tonight was an exception.  What bothered us most was the waiter acted like our complaint was a personal attack against him.  Maybe I should be complaining to the management about the customer service, instead.
2	Not good.  Salad is mediocre, the pasta was cold, sauce is Very salty, whole place smells like cigarettes.  I would go anywhere else but here.   My chicken dish was worse than an airline.
4	This place is good. The food is cooked the way you order and the staff is very friendly. There are a lot of booths so it makes for a very cozy dinner and you can hear each other. They treat you very well and acknowledge you. Priced very reasonably and good food.
