5	A recent shopping trip that resulted in some barginlicous finds is why I give this particular Dillard's a five-star rating. When they have sales, they have some friggin' sales! I'm talking about 70% off already reduced items!  Can you get any better than that? I just bought a very nice work dress that was originally $159 for $39 and a skirt suit originally priced at a little under $300 for $70.  Amazing!Usually their big sales are during the in-between seasons -- right before they get their new shipment for Fall or Summer. Lucky for us Phoenicians, we can usually pull off summer items into late fall and even early winter. The sales clerks are also always very friendly and not overly pushy. They typically are older and more seasoned sales professionals, which is actually refreshing to me.  They don't stand around chatting with their co-workers and ignoring customers -- they understand what customer service is and help in what ever way they can.Oh, and this Dillard's has a great shoe department.  Tons to choose from and a crap-load of salesmen to help you find your favorite pair. Always keep Dillard's on your shopping radar -- you won't be disappointed, and your wallet will thank you.
4	If you're tall, this Big & Tall section inside Dillard's is among the best - always a good selection of Ralph Lauren, Roundtree & Yorke, Murano, and more.  Sales that occur after seasonal clothing is out of season are amazing here - I've found Polo shirts with collar for $11 at one point this last winter.  Staff/service isn't too bad either, and you don't get quite the same riff-raff as you'll find out in the main part of Arrowhead Mall.
3	Years ago, Dillard's used to be Diamond's and Diamond's, Goldwater's and The Broadway were the staple department stores throughout the Valley (Bullocks only had the one location in Scottsdale). Anyway, this Dillard's always had a great shoe department, and they still do. This is the main reason I went-plus it is close to my mom's. I was also looking for a bathing suit for my daughter and found one I thought she would love. I inquired about their return policy, which is pretty standard now a days but stupid. 30 days in original condition with receipt. Even Target can scan credit cards to see if it was purchased there. Anyway, upon returning to the Bay Area, I went to Macy's. I found the same bathing suit, for half the price. So, Dillard's, your shoe department still rules, but your merchandise is the same as Macy's for clothing and your prices are much higher. I will come back next time to check out your shoes, but will stay away from the rest...
4	Dillard's at Arrowhead is one of the better Dillards in AZ as far as men's selection, especially Big & Tall.  Nice deals on New Year's day on just about everything 50% off the already marked down sales price, so you're looking at $20ish for a Polo shirt.  Service is friendly in my department that I shop, place is clean, and not a lot of riff-raff as far as customers go.  Nice.
4	I appreciate this Dillard's. Typically there are lots of shoppers, yet it stays clean and organized. The employees are nice and helpful...and friendly. The shoe department is one of my favorites! I seem to find some pretty great deals here. Dillard's, you make my list of places to shop!
2	Dillard's Sales Associate was reading a book while at work!I didn't notice until the SA commented to another SA about the book she was reading.  And she was too busy to tend to customers.  Aren't people just glad to have a job these days? I still can't believe it!
4	Traditional department store set up (Macy's like). Great for shoes! I had never been here before but stopped by when I saw they have Merril brand barefoot running shoes. I had already picked up a pair on sale at Dick's sporting goods ($95) which I thought was pretty good. I was happy to find out Dillard's was much better! ($60). They even had an additional color (which for unknown reasons cost $40 more). The staff was helpful. Enjoyed the time there.
1	This review is in regards to the home department ONLY! I purchased a comforter set and it was not on sale. I specifically asked the sales associate ( after I asked her for assistance), if I could have a price adjustment if it went on sale within the week. She assured me that they had a 30 day price guarantee. Of course, it did go on sale within a week & I brought in the sales receipt. The gentleman sales associate recruited the help of the manager & she informed me that the holiday help often makes errors & that they do not have any price adjustment policy! ( I always wondered why there were so many little yellow POP tickets on a lot of their merchandise!) It is ironic that with the $ that I was going to get back,I was going to purchase MORE merchandise! Instead, I returned all of it & I won't be purchasing ANYTHING from that department @ that location. I feel that the PV Dillard's is a better location anyway. The manager @ Arrowhead was arrogant, condescending and not in the least interested in me as a customer! She needs to go back and take a refresher class in customer service.
1	Two Sales Associates busy chatting about the texting on their phone, as I was trying to inquire about a shoe size. I should had gone to get my own shoes from the back, why bother having employees when they are too busy making chit-chat instead if helping customers?Two more sales people chatting upstairs, instead of helping customers. Next time, I'm going to stand next to chatty employees and look at them while they chat.I'm sure there are plenty of unemployed people out there that would be grateful to have the job of these sales employees that are too busy chatting instead of assisting shoppers.
4	As far as kid's clothing goes, I always find a few great items that are better than the average frock, shirt or accessory. This time I found an adorable sailor dress, cute hair accessories & a belt. I always like the sales people and their choice of music is always funny to me. Overall, Dillard's is a pleasant shopping experience but you will pay a little more for your finds. Be sure to check online for coupons and sales before going.
4	Love this place, love that the merchants keep good brands and the upcoming styles in stock. I can always find a deal and what I'm looking for here. Great service everytime I've been in.
4	I really like shopping here.  The clearance racks have some great finds at decent prices.  It is the only section I would buy from (well other than the skin care counters) though, cuz prices are steep in my opinion everywhere else in the store.
5	This review is for Nadia in the fragrance department...I went in looking for a new perfume for my wedding day.  She new every fragrance and had the perfect description and occasion for each of them!  I told her my likes and she was able to help me narrow it down to my favorite.  Very helpful, knowledgeable and friendly!
1	I work a Arrowhead in a smaller store so before work I decided to go shopping. I've been looking for a new watch and purse since I already got my taxes back. I went to the Michael Kors watch counter and the sales lady was helping some woman who said she was looking around, the woman was flashing hundred dollar bills in her hand, so I looked around. When that woman left, she completely ignored me and started doing paperwork even though I made eye contact with her and said hello. I'm only 18 and I look very young so I'm often passed by sales people because they don't think they'll get a sale.  well, I was going to give you a $300 dollar sale but I guess not now, people should stop judging by my age.After the stupid watch sales lady, I went to go look at some handbags. Where again, no one helped me even after I said hello and expressed interest. Step up your game, Dillard's. I, myself, am a sales associate and I know when someone is interested in making a purchase.The atmosphere of this Dillard's is just crap now. I saw two beauty counter associates talking about an older Asian lady because she couldn't speak English and they couldn't understand her. They were laughing and ignoring her. The amount of booger picking kids running a muck here is mind boggling. Watch your damn kids.
1	I work a Arrowhead in a smaller store so before work I decided to go shopping. I've been looking for a new watch and purse since I already got my taxes back. I went to the Michael Kors watch counter and the sales lady was helping some woman who said she was looking around, the woman was flashing hundred dollar bills in her hand, so I looked around. When that woman left, she completely ignored me and started doing paperwork even though I made eye contact with her and said hello. I'm only 18 and I look very young so I'm often passed by sales people because they don't think they'll get a sale.  well, I was going to give you a $300 dollar sale but I guess not now, people should stop judging by my age.After the stupid watch sales lady, I went to go look at some handbags. Where again, no one helped me even after I said hello and expressed interest. Step up your game, Dillard's. I, myself, am a sales associate and I know when someone is interested in making a purchase.The atmosphere of this Dillard's is just crap now. I saw two beauty counter associates talking about an older Asian lady because she couldn't speak English and they couldn't understand her. They were laughing and ignoring her.The amount of booger picking kids running a muck here is mind boggling. Watch your damn kids.
