4	Great food! Awesome Ruben. My daughter had the pot roast it tasted wonderful. We will be back!
5	This restaurant is indeed a hidden treasure!  Everything they have is wonderful.  The steaks are cooked on a grill has has the grill marks and smokey flavor like a steak you would cook on your grill at home.  The pulled pork sandwich melts in your mouth and the chicken salad sandwich is delicious!  I love the Belgian waffle for breakfast - the plate is beautifully prepared and is pretty as a picture.  This restaurant is owned by a Chef and his wife you you can certainly taste the difference with food that is chef prepared and prepared by just a cook in the kitchen!  Save room for dessert . . . the cheesecake is fresh and the best cheesecake I have EVER eaten!  You can taste the freshness and tell it is scratch made.  You need to try this awesome restaurant!!!
4	I am SO glad we stumbled across this fun little place!!  What a cool find!!  We were headed to panera for a quick and easy meal but passed this on the way and I'm so glad we stopped in!!  Let's not get it twisted....this ISN'T fine dining.  You have to go in with realistic expectations or no expectations, which is what we did.  The atmosphere is cute and quaint.  They have a variety of artwork on the walls being sold from local artists.  I loved that.  They sell wine and beer for a very reasonable price and the prices overall were VERY reasonable!!They don't have any booths, only tables so it is more of a cafe feel, which is fine.  There was no music playing either so that was a little....different.The Menu:  Eclectic.  They had some normal items like burgers, salads and sanwiches to unique items like a waffle and chicken tender platter.  I ordered a grilled chicken wrap and my husband ordered their signature burger.  My wrap was VERY good.  I know it seems like it must be super difficult to mess up a chicken wrap but I've seen it done.  It was just the right amount of lettuce, tomatoe and spicy ranch.  It was just a perfect little wrap!  My side was a fruit bowl which was a little weak but I'll let that slide.My husband thoroughly enjoyed his burger.  It was on a kaiser roll which isn't his favorite but he got past it.  The first thing he noticed was that the burger wasn't perfectly round, which is a good sign.  It proved that the waitress was accurate was she stated that everything is made fresh and made from scratch.  The burgers were hand-packed, which is what gave it the imperfect shape.  Perfect!  The fries that came with his burger were great.  They were, again, hand-cut, fresh potatoes.  You have to like that style of french fries but they were very tasty!The service was good...the young waitress we had was so sweet and was excited to talk about the details of the restaurant.  They have only been around for about 6 months so they are still getting the word out.  She said they offer breakfast every day until 11am and brunch on Sunday is served until 3pm.  I'm happy to support this spot as I feel the food is good and the price is right!  Another local gem for us to frequent!!  It is my pleasure to help them get the word out.  Next time you are at Marshalls, Target, Costco or anywhere else in Matthews...check them out!!
1	Not only is Bella Serrad difficult to find and far from mainstream Charlotte, but it was overpriced and underachieving.   We went specifically for the chicken and waffles only to find the waffle maker broken. Shouldn't there be a backup?  The chips were overcooked and the baked Alaska was more meringue and less cake. I was very disappointed.  In addition, there was little ambiance unless you were sitting outside for the live music.
1	We won't be coming here.Purchased a Restaurant.com gift certificate for this place on 7/11/12 - we find that its a great way to try new places and since this is literally right around the corner from the house, we thought it would be nice to try this place.Decided to stop by for lunch today (7/21/12) and there was a note on the window that they do not accept Restaurant.com coupons - WTF???  Went in and asked the hostess and she only confirmed that.Seeing as how the establishment has to approve their participation in the program and can set limits as to how many GC's can be issued, I don't understand why they decided not to honor them.  Checked the GC and there was nothing as to valid dates, no expiration date, etc - nothing that would cause them not to honor it on this day.We will never visit this establishment and make sure that our friends hear of our incident - not a good way to try and get established.....
