5	Blair is dedicated to helping you buyers and sellers in this challenging market.  He was very attentive and willing to do whatever it took to find us our dream house.  I highly recommend him to anyone looking to buy or sell their next house.
5	Blair and his team were very helpful, professional, and caring in helping complete the Short Sale of my property.  I would recommend him for all Real Estate transactions.
5	Blair was extremely knowledgeable and helpful during my recent search for a house.  He was extremely prompt in returning phone calls and emails.  He gladly showed my wife and I as many houses as we wanted and took us back to review previously viewed properties.  He is extremely knowledgeable of the Phoenix market and can provide great insight into housing trends.  He recommended a neighborhood that neither my wife nor I knew about and we ended up buying our house there.  I would recommend him to any friends or family.
1	Called me out of the blue to harass me about a house I no longer own.  I ask "where did you get this incorrect information, and how did you get my number?" He hangs up while I'm in mid-sentence, and won't answer when I call him immediately back.  VERY shady, very suspicious.  Would definitely not trust this person or his business.
5	Blair helped us sell our house quickly when we needed to get the sale done as soon as possible.  He helped helped educate the other side of the deal professionally and not as some arrogant know it all since the Realtor and buyer on the other side were new to the buying experience.  He communicated well with us, kept us apprised of the progress and helped guide us through the sale very quickly.  Blair excells at negotiating.  I would recommend Blair to anyone needing a Realtor or Real Estate Services.I also recommend Four Peaks Brewery for great beer.
5	Blair is our real estate agent and helped us with the short sale of our property and the purchase of another property.  The banks were hard to deal with during the short sale as you can imagine, but he negotiated as needed and kept us involved and informed every step of the way and everything went smooth.  You can trust Blair to take care of you, and I would recommend him to anyone for real estate services.  We will definitely use him again in the future as our realtor.
