5	Get the service/replacement certificate. Free rotation, replacement, patches for life!!!
5	My multiple experiences with Discount Tire have been great! My boyfriend bought a set of $1300 All terrains, and was treated like gold. I purchased some Pirelli's for my Honda Civic. They gave me an $80 mail in rebate. Always purchase the certificates, for little additional cost...its well worth it. You get free rotations & patches for life!
5	I shopped around at 3 different places for a set of 4 tires for my Jeep Commander and Discount Tire was the 1st place I called. Jeff the shop manager was the first and only person I dealt with. The service was outstanding, I felt valued, and he went above and beyond assisting me with another part that I was not even there for. He was accommodating, anticipated my needs and always was smiling-and I am car stupid. I wouldn't recommend any other place. Thanks Jeff and Team.
5	Had a horrible experience with Big O Tires, came in to Discount Tire the next day, very friendly staff, awesome guys, great experience. Highly recommended.
5	Lane and Brandon are awesome!!! Very hospitable, knowledgable, and have exceptional customer service!!
1	Although the boys here are very nice, especially to girls, but be warned you need to DO YOUR HOMEWORK. I purchased my tires from Discount, however, they kept losing air. Discount told me my rims were corroding and pulling apart from the tire, thus causing the air to leak out. Discount told me "either I needed all new rims, or to just sell my car". I'm not kidding. So, after at least 3 weeks of waiting for a quote from Discount on " brand new rims" at the price of approximately $1,100 (all due upfront) I had time to get a second opinion. Guess what..... I got my existing rims refinished to correct the problem (which happens often on custom rims) for $500.  Sell my car? Seriously dude? Is there a lesson to be learned here? Uhm you decide.......
4	In n Out in less than 45 min, with four brand new tires.  Easy.
5	Found  a nail in my tire, so I stopped in a Discount Tire to get it patched. We decided to grab a sandwich at Capriottis while we waited. They were fast & Jason delivered the truck, keys & paperwork to us while we ate! That was so nice of him! You don't see that kind of customer service much anymore in Vegas. We were really impressed!By the way, if you haven't tried it yet, you MUST try the Capistrami at Capriotti's!  Yummmmm!
