4	Thrift stores are always hit or miss, it's the nature of the game. Good visit yesterday at the new location, easy to find, look for the Salvation Army sign near a pawn shop across the street from Bistro La Bon.I found some McDonald's glasses, Mayor McCheese, the Hamburglar and Captain Crook.  Captain Crook now lives at Tommy's Pub.I love taking photos of baby Jesus in the manger and I saw a glass manger scene, so of course, I am over there taking photos, as I looked closer, I realized it was really cool,  I bought it for my mama.  She likes baby Jesus for real.Go check it out!Wednesday is 50% off clothing!
2	When did the Salvation Army go all classy and expensive?? I randomly saw this place and figured I might as well duck in since I have so little furniture I'm sitting in a beach chair typing on my computer right now.  This place will be of no use however, since the cheapest piece of furniture goes for $200+.  I'd say the median price is about $350 or more.  I bought some random plate that seemed to be interesting and I'm now putting my fruit on (before it was a plastic bag).  The people there aren't exactly friendly, slightly below the personality of an ATM -- no offense to ATMs meant.  Maybe the second had clothing selection and price is better, but I'll stick to the Goodwill if I want cheap stuff.
4	As Tonya said, Hit or Miss is the name of the game w/ thrift stores but this new Salvation Army has really upped the ante! When I went on Monday, there were some BEAUTIFUL wicker outdoor chairs for $135 EACH (if it was $135 for 4, I'd be 5 staring the hell out of this review right now), along with some other large, beautiful furniture pieces that we priced $200-450. While the selection is changing, the quality is always good but the prices have gone up on the furniture which saddens this cheap girl. Knick knacks and paintings are all very reasonable, and if you're into clothes shopping at these places, they've got racks for miles. Always worth a stop in!
4	So they just did a complete makeover on this Thrift Store and I've gotta say, having seen my share of bargain basements thru college and hunting for that special theme party, I'm impressed and can only hope they keep this place just a nice a year from now.Laid out like a department store, the front section is devoted to furniture and electronics while the middle is all clothing and home wares with fitting rooms and shoes making up the back.I found the clothing racks to be logically laid out and organized by both size and color.  Men's half on one side of the store, women's on the other.  They also had a nice selection of hats and bags on top of the clothing racks.  Even the home chotchkies were organized by color, which at least made them interesting to look at when grouped this way.In all, I suppose there is no such thing as a guarantee at a thrift store, it's always a little luck of the draw as to their inventory.  But I had good luck going for tacky tourist shirts for both the wife and I.  Do note the price tag was a little high for a thrift store ($5 for a button up shirt, for example), but you are basically making a donation to a charity, so there is a good cause there.  I give them a hand for investing in an up fit and taking the time to make the inside nice and accessible, I know where to go for my next theme party.
1	After seeing ads wanting donations in both the newspaper and on tv, my wife and I had quite a bit to donate after some remodeling and our daughter moving out. We called only to be told that we were out of their pick up area (theres a store about 10 miles from our house) and we would have to bring it to them. Wait a minute, you are paying to place ads in the newspaper and on tv begging for donations because  donations are down because of the economy being bad and here we have all kind of stuff to donate and a store 10 miles away and you won't come pick it up???!We called Habitat for Humanity and they came out and picked everything up within a few hours of us calling them, and thats who we will donate to from now on.
5	Great place and a great resource for the community. While I have never been into the actual store, I've taken many things to their drop-off donation center located behind the store. It is super convenient to drop off my items and assuring to know they are going to support a great organization.This Salvation Army also has an Adult Rehabilitation Center (ARC) on the other side of the store; the ARC helps men in recovery. I've had the opportunity to take a tour of the facility and learn how the Salvation Army helps those in need. My primary position allows me to partner with them and they work as an internship site for my marriage and family therapist interns to provide counseling services at that location. The Salvation Army uses money made from their store to help fund their great programs. I'm happy to support them as they support others. Win, win.
2	I have been in in this place several times hoping to catch it on a good day. Yet, I never have. The racks seem bear compared to other places and I never find anything worth much. The one item I did find was a beautiful sweater, but that was after five trips. Being as I am a busy woman, I don't have time or the gas for one item per five trips.  No thanks!
