1	Really cant believe the stupidity of the caliber of employees,  4 different Carls Jr. Managers from 2 stores. First store place order...order was discovered to be wrong NOT only the wrong burger, but absolutely plain several mins later after I left was on HWY....another Carls Jr. store on the way home I stop tell them the problem. NOW SAME OWNERS OF THESE LOCATIONS...I ASKED FIRST QUESTION... the store asst. managers both tell me NO they cant replace the burger from both stores...I have witnesses (a friend and 6 customers, 1 of whom left once she heard what was going on).....It gets better they both say they cant give away free food....and they dont want to get in trouble for it....MEANWHILE IM HEATED AND LAUGHING FROM THE STUPIDITY......Its was listen I paid for this shit $8.17 to be exact...your not giving me anything for free...Im looking for what I paid for...Meanwhile Now the Managers of each store is involved on phone and THEY REFUSED.......WTF REALLY IS WRONG WITH  YOUNG PEOPLE THESE DAYS...IS OUR YOUNGER GENERATION OF KIDS REALLY THIS DUMB!!  To FINISH I will be calling Corporate on both stores, the BBB, and emailing sites all over the internet.
2	Let me preface this review by noting that I absolutely adore Carl's Jr! They make the best chain burger in the country and the lack of Carl's Jr in my current city of Cleveland,OH is enough to send a man into a deep depression. However, since this review is for this specific location, I have to overlook my fondness for CJ to say that this is perhaps one of the most poorly run fast food restaurants I have ever been to. I used to work near this location so this is coming from regular visits to this specific store. The staff are unfriendly (bordering on rude) and the service is slower than molasses in January. More often than not they get the order wrong as well. So, as much as I love CJ, a short trip to a different location is well worth the drive.
1	I wish I couldn't even give it one star, my husband and I went in there for a quick bite before going grocery shopping. We went to the counter; we were not greeted for one, two they all looked at both my husband and I like we don't belong in here because of our skin color and two they all spoke spanish not one drop of English! I'm sorry, but if you are going to work in a fast food restaurant in America you better start speaking our language. I will never go to this one EVER again!
2	This only gets two stars because I love Carl's Jr. This one really lacks in everything. Cold food, crappy service. But, I keep going, not sure why.
3	I was really feeling the western bacon cheesburger vibe in the morning so I went over here in the morning for that for breakfast. I went through the drive-thru. Only problem I had was that it seemed to take long, maybe 10 minutes, for my order. I think the person was the manager, or morning manager if they have different people, and he was all alone (btw he looks like the air marshall from Bridesmaids). I'm not sure if it was slow because he was the only one there, or maybe I had ordered something that was typically for lunch or dinner and not for breakfast, both those issues, or something else...or maybe they just take a long time.The location is pretty bad. I'm speaking purely from a traffic point of view. Good luck getting out of there...or in there for that matter. Not that it's hard but traffic in the morning around 6:30 right there is pretty bad...and I imagine it doesn't lighten up with the 202 being right there. The asphalt is in poor shape too.
1	I love Carls Jr, but the hamburger was put together sloppy. When did they start using square buns?? And to top it off it was stale. Brought it back and got a round  bun, but that didn't help the experience. Just couldn't eat any more and dumped my meal in the trash. The soda fountain was running out of several sodas. They looked like were short handed, but there was an elderly employee taking her break in the eating area. This place was much better than before, but it has gone the tubes. Scratch this location off my list. Adios!!
1	Ordered the 1/2lb bacon western burger supposed to be piled high with applewood bacon all I got were 2 paper thin pieces of "bacon" 2 tiny onion rings and a burger that was larger than the spongy bun that is supposed to be baked fresh. Very disappointed for what I spent for this burger.
