4	Warning! Unless you're an intrepid foodie or otherwise familiar with Asian Corners, you could easily be thrown off course by these reviews. This place, like Asian Corners, is- pardon the bad pun- pho real. No frills, no fuss, and yesterday- January 24- no heat in the mall area. That didn't stop a throng of happy Asian kids from riding bikes and rollerskating in the mall courtyard area. Come to think of it, what a great place for kids to go- sort of like the malls of my childhood- where kids were free to roam while parents' watchful eyes were ever-present. No, this place is located in the heart of Charlotte's "China Town,' an authentic  spot for those serious about authentic Asian food.Le's Sandwich Shop, which has received some recent mention in local media, is absolutely worth seeking out. If for no other reason, it is fascinating to witness this "hidden" part of Charlotte. Parking lot potholes and sagging ceiling tiles notwithstanding, the Asian Corners shopping center is a piece of Asian-Americana not to be missed.And the banh mi sandwiches??? Mais oui! The baguette bread was lightly toasted and pleasantly fluffy inside. I ordered the #6 pork sandwich, and it came loaded with succulent sliced seasoned pork, thinly sliced onions, thinly sliced peppers, cilantro and- nothing else! THAT was the beauty of the sandwich: its simplicity was unmarred with too much stuff. There was, however, a jar of hot sauce, plus salt and pepper on the counter. The price tag? Three bucks.I also tasted the Taro bubble tea, which on a freezing cold day, was probably not the best idea. As bubble teas go this was good. It was also made-to-order as the constant whirring of the blender reminded me.Go for experience. Go for the low price. Go for the taste. But by all means go experience this authentic Vietnamese taste treat.
4	I finally am catching up with my reviews after making Le's a semi-regular lunch spot, thanks to Tony C's favorable recommendation.  By now, you have read all about the location, tucked away in what looks to be a dying mall in dire need of renovations where even the parking lot is scattered with weeds growing in between the cracks.Despite the rundown setting, Le's Sandwiches & Cafe serves up great sandwiches.  Fresh bread, good veggies and friendly service.  This is probably the most authentic Vietnamese food establishment I've seen in Charlotte.  I always go for the white ham and pate sandwich.  You can order the bread regular or "long" baguette style.  For those of you new to banh mi, the bread is light and crisp, you can choose your meat and all come with pickled daikon and carrot slices, cilantro and peppers - a surprising taste combination that is simply excellent.  (Take the peppers out unless you like really spicy food; they are hot.)The Vietnamese coffee here is just OK, a bit on the pricey side (I'm used to paying $1.50), a little too dark for me (I've had better), but I must urge you all to try this place.  I tried the Bubble Tea (Green Tea Latte with Boba) - well made, but the boba was a tad hard here and there.Still Le's is quite the find and is the only place I go to out here to fix my Banh Mi craving.  And now, I must footnote to say that if you are in So Cal, go to Banh Mi Che Cali for the best sandwich ever. But, at Le's you can just get a glimpse of what a great Vietnamese sandwich is like.
5	The past three years here in NC have been spent craving the banh mi I grew up eating in California.  My pregnancy last year made me desperate enough to have someone mail me some until I was told to go to Le's.  I almost died when I took my first bite of the banh mi there. Crunchy pickled daikon, cukes, and carrots, bright green cilantro and jalapenos, toasty baguette, and a yummy pate and mayo spread.  Made to order right in front of you, many varieties to choose from, very friendly owners, and just absolutely fresh and delicious banh mi every time I go there.  It does not get any better than this, at least in NC.
4	They do Vietnamese sandwiches and do them well. My favorites are #9 (fish/sardines) and #6 pork. They are all excellent and if they got any cheaper they would be paying you. The baguettes are long and full of good flavors; prices are about $3 to $4. To find it enter the "mall" by the Asian food supermarket and take a right. If you are put off by the run down "mall" it is in you should not call yourself a foodie.
5	Very good vietmanese sandwiches! Good price for a good sized sandwich, I had the grilled pork one. The only downside is the location and all the potholes in the parking lot. Worth the effort though.
5	The baguette, freshly baked, is the greatest gift the French left Vietnam after colonial rule, back when they referred to the peninsula as French Indochina.  Little did the French know that the locals would convert a colonial relic, perhaps an unhappy reminder of a time where the people on the peninsula were subjugated, into something delicious and beautiful by combining the baguette and pate from the French with typical local ingredients.I'm of course referring to the Vietnamese sandwich known as banh mi, aka "The People's Sandwich" (my own term) but then again most people reading this review are familiar.  Or at least you should be, because if you aren't, as far as I'm concerned you are missing out on an epicurean delight that is worth seeking out.  As is the case with a lot of food from local immigrant communities, those who dig around are the ones who are richly rewarded.  Which brings me to Le's Sandwiches.As has been documented by other Yelpers, Le's is located within an Asian pedestrian mall that you might suspect is effectively abandoned. Walking into the mall you quickly realize that this is basically the case at Asian Corners.  You would never suspect that this place houses a small restaurant that serves wonderful banh mi.  Forget the "sketchy" aspect - this is normal and real life for a lot of people, especially within immigrant communities.  Put the suburban, culturally sanitized perspective aside and realize that dining out as we know it is a culinary anomaly in the larger context of things.  In other words, man/woman the hell up and just go get your damn sandwich, capisce? You won't regret this trip and I bet you'll be slinking back, maybe with a friend who hasn't tried a Vietnamese sandwich before. I would if I lived in Charlotte.Tonight I had the grilled pork banh mi. I don't have words for the experience of a warm baguette in your hands filled with meat, pickled veggies, cilantro, etc.  The combinations available to you with banh mi can be foreign; however, what will not be foreign to you is the taste of home that you get.  You quickly understand that this is comfort food from a culture on the other side of the world.  This is why seeking out food like this is so addicting to me - I'm obsessed with learning about cultures through food.The sandwiches are very good, friggin' cheap and the service is friendly (this is a mom and pop sandwich shop - mom made my sandwich today!).  It may be possible to find banh mi elsewhere in Charlotte, but as an out-of-towner who is only passing through, I would urge you to consider taking this food field trip.  It's a mile from Smelly Cat, you greasy hipsters!For the banh mi and a drink - $4.92 after tax.  Take a guess what I think Mickey D's can do with their value meal!Cinco estrellas.  I'm a fan but if I lived in Charlotte I'd be a superfan. There would be a Le family portrait with me superimposed within.TIP: The drink case.   When in doubt reach for a can of the lychee and get your drink on.  It's pleasant and sweet, a nice refresher against the pepper in the banh mi you are inhaling/eating.  Don't forget to shake first.  Your booty then the can. =P
5	In all fairness, I've only tried the one sandwich (#6 grilled pork), but I can already tell I'll be a regular at Le's from here on out. I've been meaning to get by there for weeks - I'm so glad I finally made it ! If you're already a fan of banh mi, suffice to say that you'll find what you are looking for here. If you've never tried one, this would be a great place to start if you've an adventurous culinary spirit. As mentioned by another reviewer, this place is close to NoDa but without the gentrified prices, made possible by the location in the semi-abandoned Asian Corner mall. Keep in mind that Le's is INSIDE the mall, I kind of overlooked that bit of info and almost gave up on finding it. I'm not sure what the hours are, but I think they may just be open for lunch (I tried to call but just got the fax machine). As far as the setting, consider the potholes in the parking lot an amusing obstacle course, and if you aren't driving a low-riding compact like me you may just want to bounce all over those things for fun.  ;-)
5	If banh mi is done right, it is the indisputable king of food value.  Le's does it right.You can get a filling #6 (grilled pork) sandwich, on a baguette, topped with pickled carrot, radish, and cilantro, for $3.  THREE DOLLARS.  And it's delicious.If you call ahead and order a bunch of sandwiches (for all your friends/workmates/superbowl party platter), they will give you the option of packing the cold veggie toppings separately, so you can assemble them on your own and avoid the bread getting soggy from the veggie juice in transit.Add to that friendly and speedy service, and everybody's a winner.Top notch!
4	Screw Subway's "Februany" Footlong for Five Dollars.  Come to Le's and get a delicious Vietnamese footlong for only $3.50.  You can get one slightly smaller for only $3.This place is truly a hole in the wall.  Le's is tucked away inside a Chinese strip mall that has a parking lot with more potholes than parking spots.  Le's is so obscure, I couldn't even see a sign for it on the outside of the strip mall.  It was only once I explored around inside the "Chinese Food Court" that I found it.The sandwiches are legit.  Well seasoned pork, nicely cooked vegetables, a crispy soft warm baguette, and super cheap!And if you want, you can pick up a cuttlefish for the road, which they neatly sell packaged in zip-lock bags.  I love it.
4	Oh Banh Ti, how I have missed you!Cute mom and pop sandwich shop with some homemade goodies on display, tables, so it does not feel like a mini-market.Located in a semi-derelict Asian mall which I hope does not close.  Rap/Hip Hop stores also here.  And a few homeless people.
5	oh, that crispy baguette, the delicious pork, those fresh crunchy vegetables... and a bouquet of cilantro.  for $3.50??I've been sold on the #6, the grilled pork, but last time I tried the #1 (with three types of pork) and I might have a hard time ordering something different form now on. Amazing. (Though as awesome as the flavors are alone, I'm such a condiment queen I have to squeeze some hoisin sauce onto it when I get home.) They also offer just vegetables and a grilled chicken options, among a few others. Also, as much as I didn't want to think about mayo being spread on the baguette in the past, a tablespoons worth in my last few bites made me face the facts- I'm not really eating as healthy as I was telling myself I was, but hey, it's still a better option than some lunches (and they're more than happy to make it without)The husband and wife duo are adorable, and it seems only the man speaks english as the woman always slides to the side when I walk in. He's always curious about what I've purchased next door at the market and is incredibly friendly. Along with sandwiches they also sell some sausages, rice cakes, beef jerky, and lots of candied items. Do not miss it! I went to the market for months without knowing this place was just behind it, and then was a little unsure about whether or not to try it - but do yourself a favor and go! and yes, beware the parking lot!
4	I'll admit I'm a bit scared walking into this strip mall that looks sketchy on the outside and a ghost town on the inside. But I'll brave the dangers to get to this delicious banh mi shop!Yummy crispy baguettes slathered with some sort of butter inside with your choice of meats then topped off with a fragrant corsage of cilantro and crunchy pickled veggies. You definitely get a nice mix of textures in every bite.Skip going to subway the next time you're in this section of town and go for a banh mi instead for a delicious experience! It's cheaper too!
5	Best sandwiched in the Queen City. Try #6. Cash ony
5	I found this place on yelp when I was looking for a new lunch place for me and my coworkers..  Glad I read the reviews about the location and food!  I was longing for a good banh mi and ordered the #6 without peppers.  It was fresh, fast, and the prices are amazing!  It makes walking through the old, unairconditioned mall, where shadows lurk and seedy characters are around the corner worth it!  This place is a complete gem.  Inside the restaurant it was spotless!  Where else in Charlotte can you buy 4 delicious sandwiches plus 2 canned drinks for $17 and change?  Nowhere and I'll be back again for my banh mi fix and with the money I save, maybe I'll splurge on a bodyguard ; ).
5	Every time I drive around Sugar Creek and Tryon, I think it is time to try Le's Sandwiches and I never stop.  Today I was craving Middle Eastern food, as much as I wanted tabouli, I decided today was the day for bahn mi from Le's. Yes, today is the day!It is everything a foodie, eatee, adventure eater, tourist, you name it, it fills the void.  Off the beaten path- check, inexpensive -check, fresh ingredients -check, friendly service- check, in a shopping center that feels like it's abandoned - check.  A little sketchy, where you see all walks of life- check. A funnel cake vendor in the parking lot-check.  A group of car detailers in the parking lot- check.  A huge Asian market to stock the pantry -items that are a million dollars at Harris Teeter- check. Props to a simple menu, fresh ingedients, made with love and reasonably priced.  Le is the man.
4	I'm so glad I finally went to Le's Sandwich Shop. While it's definitely not in the nicest area of town and the area looks pretty sketch-tastic, the sandwiches are absolutely worth the trip. I don't want to completely echo what all the other reviewers are saying but here's the low down:-Incredibly friendly owner-The sandwiches are $3 each and are damn delicious. -The baguettes are super fresh provide the perfect amount of toasty crisp -The #6 is delightful. Grilled pork, pickled veg, spicy jalapeno, bunches of cilantro, special sauce. Get one. Get two. Get three to go. It is the best bahn mi sammie I've had in a very long time. Even though Le's isn't much to look at, the sandwiches are unearthly good. If this place was closer to home, I'd probably set up a cot and live there.
4	Pros: Cheap $3 sandwiches ( they are small, so don't expect a Subway-type sandwich). Tasty.Cons: Ghetto strip mall, takes cash only, no AC in summer
4	I found out about Le's yesterday and went for lunch today. I got the  #6 pork sandwich that got all the raves. I was going to get a variety of sandwiches to taste, but it's pretty much 1 chicken sandwich, 1 meatball sandwich (pork meatball?) and 5 or 6 different pork sandwiches.The sandwich was really good. The pork had a great tasting marinade. The bread and the veggies were fresh. Service was super friendly. There's all sorts of candies and puddings? Not quite sure what it was but plenty for adventurous eaters to try. You don't have to be too adventurous an eater for the sandwiches though. They also have bubble tea.The only negative is location, which isn't that big of a deal. I felt a little uncomfortable the first time I went to that strip mall, but I got over it quickly.
5	Who knew this place was so "on the radar."  Based on the multitudinous reviews, a lot of people have been here.  The sandwiches are very good and the prices are totally reasonable.  Our chicken sandwich was $3.25 after tax.  We also took two baguettes home for 60 cents a piece.  The guy who runs it is also a really nice guy which really matters to me as well.Highly recommended.
5	This place gets 5 stars for the Sandwiches and total experience.  Once you get here and see the location you'll realize how good the Sandwiches are.  Don't take your mother in law.Highly recommended.
4	Move over subways and hoagies, make way for banh mi. This is a wonderful little place located in the Asian Corner mall. You'll have to navigate the gauntlet of vietnamese shops, and walk through all the indoor smoking and fishy smell to find it .... but it's worth the effort. I recommend the #1 and #6 but looking forward to trying more.
4	If Disney World is the happiest place on earth than Asian Corners Shopping Plaza is hard in the running for the sketchiest place on earth. That being said, it is worth the trip to get one of Le's delicious bahn mi.I went with the, seemingly bordering on iconic, #6 and for a mere $3.79 in coin of the realm I was given an unassuming white bag and sent on my merry way. Only when i got back to my office and dug in did i discover the perfectly crispy bread, sweet (but not too sweet) pork, crunchy veggies and fragrant cilantro. I really planned to save half for lunch tomorrow, I swear - plans change.The food is absolutely 5 stars, and if you can get someone to go and pick it up for you you will have one of the most perfect lunches there is, but I have to take one star for location. I mean really, it is a s*%t hole. (And yes I'm sure that's why they are able to stay so cheap, but thems the breaks.)
4	After seeing so many wonderful reviews, I couldn't wait to try the #6. *snicker*Well folks, my daughter and I rushed out to Le's last evening, after a late library run. The proprietors are indeed very nice people. It's possible I look like someone familiar with the language as the mom began talking to me in her dialect. She also let me taste the carrot-daikon mix when I inquired about the pickled veggies.Thank you mom. It was my first taste of daikon and pickled veggies. Yum!The Mr. explained that we could have our sandwich dressed there or we could have all the fixings and take it all home to assemble. He said if we took it home to make it, be sure to lightly toast the bread. Good info.The #6 was everything everyone said it was. The only thing that could have made it better would have been cold drink to wash it down with, which we forgot to purchase in our excitement.My daughter got the #2 (grilled chicken bahn mi) and she loved it. We also got a cool snack called the Sunflower Cookie. $1.75 for three (or was it four?) flower shaped confections that I couldn't get enough of. Each cookie (the taste reminded me of a cross between a fortune cookie and the fried crunchy strips you get with Chinese take out but airier and not at all greasy) is 3-4 inches across. Big but they're so light, you can eat several and still want more. Or maybe I'm just piggish with these things. They were just so unexpectedly good. Just the right hint of sweetness.I have a feeling our Friday Harris Teeter sub run has now become the Friday Le's bahn mi run.So since yesterday was Tuesday and Friday has yet to arrive, this will be a double bahn mi week for us.I guess it would be fair to let the hubby in on our latest find.
5	since eating here 2 months ago, i've gone another 3-4 times.  the price is very reasonable and the taste can't be beat.  I've talked with Mr. Minh, the owner i believe, numerous times and he's a great guy.   i'm looking forward to next time
5	First, a customer service story.  I went there last Saturday for the first time.  The place is in a sketchy area and is a little hard to find.  You have to enter the "mall" go down and it is on your right (A little tip.  If you are looking at the building from the Sugarcreek side there looks like there are two entrances.  Go to the one on the right.  About 2/3 of the way down.  The one on the left is locked) So, I go in on Saturday and get a couple of sandwiches.  I went with #6, and the owner (a very nice, helpful man and I am ashamed I don't know his name) suggested #7 and #8.  I took them over to a friends and went in.  I could not find my phone anywhere.  I borrowed my friends and started dialing.  No answer.  Walked out to my car and repeated the process.  No answer.  I knew I had it with me at the restaurant because I had used the navigation app to get there.  I freaked out.  I figured I might have dropped it in the parking lot and if you know where that is I figured my phone was now probably dialing every country in the United Nations and I would be receiving a huge bill on my next billing statement.  I jumped in the car and hauled ass over there and ran in.  I asked if I had left my phone.  He said no, I saw you leave with it.  I went back out and scoured the parking lot and no luck.  I figured it was gone.  When I got home I got my phone and called again and this time I heard a faint ring.  Somehow the phone had been wedged in the car seat and I did not hear it or it did not ring.   Christmas had come early.  My entire life (what little there is) was on that phone.  I was totally relieved.  So I go back in on Sunday around noon (I had been craving them again since my first bite of one)  and the place is jammed packed.  There must be 20 people in front of me and the nice owner is taking orders and is clearly busy.  He spies me in the back and says "did you find your phone?"  I told him I did and I appreciated him asking.  He smiled and said "I am glad. I knew you left with it." and went back to ringing up the orders.  In this day and age it is so rare to get customer service.  Totally impressed me.  Ok now about the food----I could eat at this place everyday.  I could eat them for breakfast.  They are all fabulous but I have to say that the #8 is my fave.  Coldcuts.  I don't know what but they are good.  The pickled veggies are awesome the fresh herbs on top (mint? and cilantro?) are a brilliant touch.  I have had Bahn Mi a couple times before but nothing that rivaled this.  The bread is spectacular.  I ordered five sandwiches and a coffee and the bill was just north of $20.  Are you kidding me?  What a bargain.  I took the sandwiches over to my buddy and his wife's house for football Sunday and we cut them up and everyone had some of each.  They all echoed my sentiments.  My buddy's wife's friend called me the next day and asked me the address and name of the place.  She does not live here but she said she had to go there as soon as she comes back to visit her family. She could not stop raving about them.
4	Everyone says order the number 6 and they're right. $3.50 gets you an amazing sandwich in an interesting location and I'm sure a few stories to tell.Be careful because the other review are correct in saying this sandwich can be spicy. We've eaten here twice, the most recent we had a much better experience with more care taken to deseed the peppers. However the first time we at there both of us were pretty  uncomfortable for about a half hour after eating with our mouths on fire.A must go experience, don't let the outward appearance of the mall foul you.
4	They make great sandwiches.  I have been going here even before they moved to this location.  In the past, they were inside a Vietnamese grocery store.  I like there chicken sandwich and the vegetable sandwich.  The ingredients are fresh and the service is always good.
5	Yes!  Banh Mi  YES!  YEST!  FANTASTIC and this is my fourth meal today in 6 hours, so I'm not even a little hungry!Mr. Le asked me if I had ever been here and when I said no, he said get the #6.  He was correct.  An EXCELLENT choice!  This one is similar to a Banh Mi I have eaten in Union County.  The #6 is a Grilled Pork with lots of Cilantro, carrots, cucumbers, hot peppers, pickled Daikon on a fantastic Roll (I not not know how to spell Baguette).  As I requested: NO Butter!  NO Mayo!Totally Affordable!  Most of the Sandwiches are under $4.00 and they are plenty big unless you are a Wild Boar in Training like me.  I'm thinking about getting Mr. Le to make a Special Sandwich for me and I'll pay him more than he asks!  I know I'm crazy.I'm the only non-Asian person eating or even ordering here, so that is cool!  Some of the patrons asked me how I like it and told me to come back and get a different one each time!  I saw some more choices I bet I would love!First Note:  CASH ONLY!  So remember bring folding $ No Plastic, No Checks, No Monopoly $!No te: Hopefully you will not need a rest room - Le's does not have one and that is all you should know.  If you have to go I suggest you plan ahead and go right before you arrive.  READ C A R E F U L L Y   You do not want to visit the Mall rest rooms... It is probably not safe in any meaning of the word and in no way can I use the word clean because it does not apply!Last NOte:  Today was my first visit to Mr. Le's, though it was my second visit to this Mall - It has been three or four years since I have been here and it was not in good shape then - It has gone from sketchy to approaching scary.  Le's is nice and clean, the Mall he is located in is the opposite!  I recommend as always: beware of your surroundings, travel in a group, act confident (even if you are not) and if you are trained and certified this would be a time not to leave home without "it" (I'm not talkin' AMEX) Le's is Cash only.  I'm not talking about Cousin It either, though Cousin It may be some help here!
4	Le's rocks.  Unfortunately, those rocks end up in the parking lot of the mall.  If I were to put much thought into it, calling this abomination a mall is a real stretch of the imagination, because the only thing that makes it a mall is that there is one big building with some smaller shops inside.But it is definitely worth braving that parking lot, because the place is worth the trip.  The proprietor of Le's actually started the perhaps even sketchier Thanh Huong on Central many years ago, but decided to move on, and now has this sandwich shop, focusing on what he loves: The banh mi.  Several places in Charlotte supposedly offer the simple sandwich, but when you go to order it, they are often out.They say it is because of the bread.  Interestingly, you can actually buy the bread here at Le's for a paltry $0.60 a loaf.  Regardless, do yourself a favor and order a couple extra.  One for the ride home, one for after you get home, whatever.  That way you do not have to take a few hundred miles off the undercarriage of your car by braving the parking lot when you crave another of those awesome sandwiches.And make sure you get one of the pressed sugar cane drinks too.  It complements the heat of the sandwich nicely, is something you cannot find anywhere else that I know about and is not nearly as sweet as you would think pressed sugar cane to taste.
4	Well, this is my first time trying a Banh Mi sandwich, let alone vietnamese food. I really enjoyed it!!! It is different then the usual subs that you can get at those chain stores around town. Now the area/ shopping center that Le's Sandwich Cafe is a little sketchy and I never thought about going there before hearing about this place. So I put my big girl panties on and trekked to Le's Cafe to be a little adventurous with my husband. We walk in around lunch and ordered the #6 grilled pork that everyone on Yelp recommends. They also have bubble tea, which I loovvee, so I ordered a Taro bubble tea with tapioca pearls to go as well. My husband being the overly cautious foodie that he is was not feeling the vibe of the location or scenery and did not ordered anything, even though the Sanity rating was in the high 90's. (He later regretted it after I let him have a very tin bite).So overall the Taro Bubble Tea was everything that I expected to be and the Banh Mi sandwich was delicious. The ingredients were fresh and prepared well, but I did not get any spicy notes. However I do regret not getting two. It was fresh and light and just what I needed for lunch. Highly recommend, but I give them 4/5 stars because it did not knocked my socks off.
5	This place has never made a sandwich that I don't like. The sandwich I usually get is the Banh Mi Thit Nguoi...and occasionally the Banh Mi Nem Nuong. The sandwiches here are always so satisfying. You can feed a person for around $3.50....which is a great deal. I've found that the pickles are really important when eating a Vietnamese sandwich, and this place has really good pickled carrot and daikon. Furthermore, the meat is always tasty and lean. My family has gotten the sandwich from the nearby Vien Dong supermarket before and the meat in there was so fatty....there was barely any real meat! But this sandwich is lean, refreshing, tasty, and you would almost always want more. My family and I travel a lot, and we always go to Charlotte to buy some sandwiches before our road trips, so I've pretty much had sandwiches from all the sandwich shops that are worth mentioning. This is, by far, the best. Another thing that they have that I absolutely love is the Cane Juice drink. It's a childhood favorite of mine from living in Vietnam, and there have been attempts in the area to make fresh cane juice, but this place has the best. I love getting those in the summer time when I drop by to get a sandwich. If you've never had it, I think it's worth trying. It's pressed cane juice with a squeeze of either lime or this small little green citrus fruit that I think is called Kalamansi (?).
4	I decided to check this place out Saturday afternoon and we liked it so much we went back Sunday!First, cheap yep $3.50 per person. Don't be fooled by the price this isn't a child-sized portion either. We were able to eat there but the seating is quite limited. That being said, that particular restaurant is clean and tidy (though not much to look at), but the surrounding mall is somewhat abandoned/dirty. Service is super-fast ...as in 2 minutes later you will have you sandwich in hand. We couldn't bring ourselves to venture past the #6 as it was perfect. I will say it tasted better when we ate it there as the bread hardens slightly on the take-out drive home.We had some beverage options aloe juice ( a personal favorite of mine-so refreshing), white-gourd  juice (tasted like amaretto but neither of us enjoyed it), and a strawberry sunrise bubble-tea ( I hate nesquik, and the flavor was very similar...wasn't a fan). We also had the sunflour cookies, which were visually appealing but skip-worthy.I will stick to the banh-mi sandwiches and aloe juice and be on my merry way!
4	Try the meatball banh mi. It was surprisingly good with nice spice.
5	Best Banh Mi in town so far. I really wish they had some other deli stuff like banh cuon or sticky rice. Still, I can't really complain about that because they're a sandwich shop that makes excellent sandwiches.
5	Awesome.  Drove up to the shopping mall and had a moment where we thought "maybe not" but are so happy we persevered.  Puts all other Banh Mi I have had to shame.  Loved it.  So fresh and full of flavor.  Baguettes were stellar.
5	Le's Banh Mi is freakin' delicious. Run, don't walk. The End.
5	Heaven on earth! Sandwiches are the best banh mi in town!
5	Upon Nicole's recommendation for the best Bahn Mi's in Charlotte, I located Le's and made the trek over to this semi-abandoned strip mall. After ordering the #6 pork, I realized neither I nor my bf had a dime on us (only accept cash). The owner was very understanding and held our order while we took to the streets for an ATM. Not only were their sandwiches, coffee, and owner amazing but they had a very intriguing selection of pre-packaged goods on the counter that were very interesting to look at. Love having some eye-candy while I'm munching!
5	Felt like a Tarantino movie.... Been reading about Le's for some time and craving the amazing combination of crispy / crunchy / sweet / sour / hot and unctuousness that is Banh Mi. I heard Mr. Le had the best in town. Pulled into the broken down parking lot, and headed toward the entrance, half way to the door, turned around to make sure the car was locked....  I enter at the wrong side so walk through a large empty echo-y building, no sign for the place, no people, no business. I turn to the right and continue walking... past the shuttered stores with old orthopedic barcaloungers and dated travel posters, past the two  Asian gentlemen smoking cigarettes in a dimly lit doorway. I hear my own footsteps and fully expect to be relieved of the twenty I just got from the ATM. In the distance I see "Le's Sandwiches", it seems darker than it should, but  pick up the pace because I have found the place. I get to the door, it says "Closed Wednesday" I am crushed...  Back the next day, I am rewarded, it IS the best Banh Mi in town. I get a #6, and a water. sit at one of the few tables, eventually look up and there is a table of four smiling at me. They tell me they drive 45 min from SC once a week to partake in Mr. Le's Sandwiches. #6 is so good I want more, it's so cheap I can afford more, and small enough that I can eat more, so  get a #8. I talk to Mr. Le about his bread and the finer points of rice flour vs. high gluten, then I notice he walks across the hall to the Chinese place and has his lunch delivered.I may try that next time...
5	If I have to get a Banh Mi sandwich in Charlotte, this is the spot. This place neatly tucked in Asian Corner provides cheap and delicious sandwiches. I usually order the original number one, which is Le's Combination, but this is because I remember growing up and eating these. You can order the longer type of bread (baguette) and savor more of your sandwich. It's not that much, usually just $.50 more depending on the sandwich.Yes this place is awesome, but the tricky part is getting through that parking lot! Now we all know, and if you didn't know, that Asian Corner has some of the biggest pot holes in Charlotte. (I heard they were going to fix it a few months ago, but well it's still the same) Its called Asian Corner because in my opinion you have to corner your car around pot holes to get there. But once you're parked and secure, the fun begins!I have to warn: ***Le's Only Accepts CASH*** So, bring out those dollar bills and put away those plastic cards. After you get your sandwich and take your first bite, you will understand why dodging all those pot holes was worth it. Come here and give yourself a pat on the back from parking and take a bite out of amazingness.
4	Wanna feel like you're taping your own episode of Anthony Bourdain's 'No Reservations' in Charlotte?  Let's rundown your checklist as we head over to Le's:1.  You, the pious foodie, makes a pilgrimage to a part of town not showcased in the city's tourism materials, where you will be greatly outnumbered by people you never knew inhabited said city speaking a language that you cannot begin to decipher.  CHECK.2.  In search of ethnic cuisine that is either hard to find or lacks authenticity at the more "main stream" food establishments.  CHECK.3.  In a place that, upon first encounter, has you thinking, "There's no way this can be sanitary!"  CHECK.4.  And, after throwing all caution aside, you dig in and find mastery in the most unlikeliest of places.  Nirvana ensues.  CHECK CHECK.That is a trip to Le's and if the above appeals to you at all (along with the Viet-French fusion that is the banh mi sandwich) this is a must for Charlotte adventurers.  No big menus, no table-side service, no inkling this place even exists until you walk thru the rundown bomb-shelter of a mall and stumble upon this bustling corner shop.  Blind trust is finally rewarded.Le's does one thing only and one thing well: the banh mi sandwich.  The freshest of French baguette- crisp on the outside, creamy smooth inside- kept warm till serving time.  The heat of fresh jalapeno and the fresh earthiness of cilantro.  Pickled vegetables layered in between.  Sounding good?   At less than $4.00 a piece, you'll likely find yourself wanting more than one,  but bring your Benjamin's, no plastic accepted here. As Anthony quips, "What can I say, I happen to be an aficionado of the dive bar."  Le's fits that bill and is proof that just because it's a dive does not mean it can't also be a little piece of heaven.
5	Le's specializes in Banh Mi, which is a type of vietnamese sandwhich and it's amazing.  It's served on a french baguette and it's stuffed with lightly pickled vegetables (carrots and radishes?), the meat is super flavorful.  I've tried 2 or 3 and can't really tell them apart.  There aren't a whole lot of non-vietnamese people that venture into this area so the proprietor is incredibly friendly.  Just tell him you want 2 of his most popular sandwhich - he'll charge you next to nothing and you'll be on your way.  The toughest part is getting there before they close, if only they'd stay open a little later - even just one night a week.  Come on Le, stay open until 7 at least on Friday!!When you drive to the area you'll see a strip mall that looks straight out of a third world country.  The potholes are anywhere from 1-2 feet deep, I'm not kidding.  Once you navigate to a safe parking spot, the restaurant is INSIDE the mall - there are two entrances.  You'll know the Le's because it's the only business still running on the inside part.After you've left Le's, there are a few other things worth exploring.  Both asian groceries are kinda cool - cheap produce and meats, strange canned and frozen goods.  It's hit or miss, worth working around though.  There's also a restaurant supply store that I highly recommend you check out.  I know it sounds strange, but they sell things I've never seen before.  Trust me, if it's open, just explore it for a few minutes, you guys'll find it entertaining at the least.  :)
4	Word on the street was snag the no. 6, so I went in blind and asked for the 6. The shop itself is in a dilapidated, post-hurricane-looking, disaster stricken strip mall. It's certainly an adventure, especially if you pay attention to sanitation scores...Absolute gem. Delicious friggin sangwich.
4	Realizing that there are SOOO many locations to get banh mi in Charlotte, we're always reduced to having one choice, Le's Sandwiches. This sandwich is a staple for my culture and I tend to be picky on where I go to get my fix. Considering the fact that this is the only decent location in Charlotte, my review rating will be a little inflated for what their actually worth. This little small shop in Asian Corner is a hidden gem among the busy passerby's who haven't had the chance to snack upon this staple. Locally owned and operated by a mom and pop, the place screams support small businesses like us. And that's something you should definitely do. You're not only supporting them, but also getting a little taste of Vietnam. The bread used here is baked fresh and you need to come early as they will usually run out by 4 or 5 PM. Ask for it to be toasted. That's a true version with whatever sandwich you order. I notice people don't ask for that and yuck, just yuck. You need it toasted to get that crunch from the bread and boosted flavor from the heat. I usually get their special for $4.00, which in all honesty is a little high. The meats are sliced in standard affair and depending on which sandwich, you can have a bland taste to tastebud popping when you chew on a pepper-corn. However, they've been cutting down on their meat quality and putting more liver patte and lard in. Veggies of course are fresh and the jalapeno peppers are guaranteed to make you sweat. Service is friendly and be sure to bring CASH, folks. They don't accept CC like many Asian stores. For what it's worth in Charlotte, you can get a decent Vietnamese sandwich here.
5	There is not a better banh mi in Charlotte.
5	closed until Sept. 25, can't wait 'til they get back!!!!!
5	WOW. A tucked-away hole-in-the-wall sandwich shop in Asian Corner that will serve you some of the most delicious banh mi you will ever taste, at an extremely reasonable price!Highlights:-Wonderful store owner and workers-Fresh-baked baguettes and extremely fresh ingredients-Sandwiches range from $3-$4: buy two, take some home!-Sandwiches made in front of your face, and fast!The owner recommended the #6, which is their most famous sandwich. It featured grilled pork, pickled daikon and carrot, fresh cilantro, and fresh jalapenos. They added extra jalapenos once I told them I was Indian (and thus love spicy). That move stole my heart, and bumped them up to a full-on 5 star rating. Go here, you will not regret it! And do me a favor and check out the supermarket and nearby shops, they are culturally rich and worth your time as well :)
5	I just went today (after trying to go in September only to discover they were closed for a month, boo!) and had their #6 based off of recommendations from this page.Absofrickinglutely delicious and I was kicking myself for not getting a second sandwich.  The grilled pork was delicious but the pickled vegetables and cilantro were really what made the sandwich,  A word of warning:  the bread is really crusty (in a good way) so be careful if you're going to eat in your car.  I was covered in crumbs when I got back out! ;)
5	Great sandwich. The location is out of the way but I'll go back.
4	Bahn mi sandwiches are one of my favorite foods on the planet. When I lived in Boston, I'd go downstairs and choose from one of the many hole-in-the-wall bahn mi shops and pick up a smoky grilled meat, crispy warm bread, tangy spicy veggie mixed sandwich for about $2. Le's isn't quite that magical, but as my friend Jen says... is the best option you can get in Charlotte. I honestly don't suggest going after the sun goes down. I think it's kind of scary in the daytime actually.  Th strip mall it's located in features several unsavory looking home-grown carwashing operations.  Ignore them.  Ignore the chipped, cracked asphalt. Put on your best "I'm a badass foodie" face and strut into the strip mall.  Nobody should bother you.The sandwich board features all the options, ranging from the cold cut variety or sandwich to grilled chicken and pork, etc. They're cheap (about $3, $3.50ish) and come in a long paper bag for easy transport.  You'll find some folks order a dozen at a time and sometimes there's a line.  It's a popular place. The sandwich is good.  It really hits the spot when the bahn mi craving hits.  However...there's no juiciness, so the sandwich is a tad drier than I'm used to.  However, there is plenty of veggie goodness in each sandwich, so the overall balance is good. Check it out if you're in the area, or craving something cheap and delicious!
4	Do you scrounge up couch change just to pay for a burger? Are you tapping into the kiddies' piggy banks to buy that happy meal? Are you looking for Charlotte on the cheap and incredibly tasty? Are you tired of Apollo Ono and Jared? Need a change of pace? Are you looking to be a little adventurous? Want to live outside of your comfort zone and live and eat on the edge?I just might have the remedy for your dilemma. For a measly $4, not only will you be treated to a sizeable foot long of fresh, earthy, orgasmic gastro explosions of exotic flavor; you will also be transported to a wondrous off road journey into the urban jungles of an era reminiscent of a once glorious ethnic mecca.Cash only and 5th degree black belt not required...well unless you want to protect that cash in your pockets. Or you can just hide it in your sock. Just kiddin'......It might look ghetto, but it's perfectly safe.
5	I almost didn't find this place! I thought it was inside one of the super markets next to Asian Corner Mall and the offerings there looked disappointing. Once I walked into the mall And found Le's I was relieved that I had passed on the mistaken location. I ordered a #2 Grilled Chicken and a #6 Grilled Pork to split with my brother. My favorite was the pork due to the meat being more flavorful. The baguettes were toasted to crunchy perfection. I couldn't go without adding a few squirts of Sriracha to complete the experience.The prices for the sandwiches are outstanding! $3.50, tops. Makes me sad that I'm only visiting Charlotte and I wish I could find something similar in Raleigh.
5	After reading all the reviews, I had to check this place out.  I walked in and (presumably) the owner says, "First time?" To which I reply, "yes." He says, "Number 6 then."I'm eating it as I write this review.  It's awesome.  I've never had a sandwich like this before, and probably won't until I come back here again.  I had to look up at the wall to get the correct spelling for "Banh Mi."  Never heard of that before!  Whatever you call it, it's delicious.  It's cheap, too.  $3.25 will get you one, but bring cash because they don't accept credit cards.  Enjoy the experience!
5	Once in a while, I make my way up to Sugar Creek to eat at Le's Sandwiches. Eating here brings back great memories. When I was little, I would hold my mom's hand as we ponder through the Asian grocery store in front of Le's. I always look forward to what happens after grocery shopping. YES, you guessed it-BANH MI (Vietnamese sandwiches)... and freshly made SUGARCANE JUICE!! I haven't been back here in years and now as I sit, sipping on my sugarcane, people watching and yelping away, I notice the crowd that this tiny, hidden gem has drawn over the years. The line has been never-ending since we've gotten here! If you haven't ventured to Le's, I ensure the journey is worth it. Try #1-Combination. I'm not really sure what combination meat entails, but it essentially doesn't matter. The grilled pork banh mi is also one of my favorites. No matter which one you land on.. get the long bread, tell them to add butter, have it toasted and eat it there -WITH Sugarcane juice. You're welcome :) If this isn't enough to convince you, my 90lbs mother just finished her entire sandwich and ordered one more. Yup that was definitely the last bite of the SECOND sandwich she just devoured. FYI: These are about foot long sandwiches -and for only $2.75-$4 each. Beat that, Subway!
5	Why buy just one? After years of hearing about Le's, I finally made a stop. Thankfully Yelpers are great about directions because there is nothing on the outside of the mall that indicates its existence. It's in the mall, go down main hallway, turn right.There's only one, maybe two tables. Most people just get sandwiches to go. If you're really in a hurry there are bags of sandwiches in the refrigerators to the side. Like others warned, bring cash only. I live in a world of plastic, so you know I went to a great deal of preparation to try a Bahn Mi. I wish they'd open a location closer to me; I'd be a regular if that we're the case. Delicious and light on the pocket book. My two faves.
5	Quick, cheap, and great!I can't believe I have not reviewed this place before.  I go there all the time.First of all, it isn't easy to find.  You have to go to the Asian mall at the corner of sugar creek in Tryon.  The parking lot is rough, I mean ROUGH!  Pot holes everywhere, some mangled speed bumps as well.  The mall looks pretty ghetto too, but I don't know of any crime there.  Once you drive by all the stores you'll probably notice a pho place, a few grocery stores, and some nail salons, but no banh mi.  You actually have to go up in this run down mall.  The best entrance is towards the end away from Tryon.  Go in about a hundred feet and you'll see Le's on the right.Its sooooo good.  There"s an easy to identify menu with numbers.  Always ask for it on a baguette, its like 50-75 cents more but you get a whole lot more food.  I suggest trying them all, but I normally go for the combo or the pate.  Pay the extra little bit for pate regardless of which sandwich, it makes it.  The pickled veggies are extremely crunchy but watch out, sometimes there is an extra large chunk of hot pepper in there.They have bubble tea, some Gatorade and a couple other offerings as far as drinks go.  There"s a few small tables, but I normally take mine to go.Not really that much else to say, just go, you won't be disapointed.
3	Number 6, Bahn Mi. Excellent French bread. Hellaciously spicy. Cheap.
5	Not much needs to be said about this place other then it is by far a hidden gem in the Charlotte culinary scene. And when I say hidden, I truly mean hidden. It might take a little bit to find, being located deep in the Asian market, but the treasures you'll find are well worth the search.With foot-long sandwiches costing just $3.75 (including tax), it is hard to comprehend the freshness at that price. With each bite it's the perfect marriage of fresh crunchy vegetables and perfectly seasoned meat. Each sandwich is phenomenal and should be tried at least once. But the food is not the only thing that makes the place great, the gentleman who owns it and the staff that work and are some of the most cheerful individuals you will find throughout Charlotte.But no review would be complete for this place without telling you that the BREAD is the true hero of this place!
5	CASH ONLY! I had to haul down to a gas station ATM bc I forgot this. Still totally worth it. Park near the sign for Dragon Chinese - Le's is in the main door & to the right past the Asian grocery. While I've never met a banh mi I didn't like, they do tend to vary quite a bit in  flavor and price. Le's hits all the right notes in both regards. For around $3, these sandwiches are a steal. Go ahead and pay the extra couple quarters to get the larger version if your choice doesn't already come on one of their crispy, chewy baguettes. It's worth every penny and then some. Their pate and cured pork combination banh mi casually contains the kinds of flavors farm to table restaurants dream of achieving with their charcuterie platters: warm, chewy bread enveloping an earthy pate and very slightly sweet cured pork, perfectly balanced with crisp, bright cilantro and tart pickled vegetables. If you want a little added zing, ask them to add jalapenos to your sandwich.The banh mi was so good, I almost forgot to mention why I came here in the first place - bubble tea! Tapioca pearls in the bottom of a tea or fruit based drink, including some interesting flavors like taro and durian. Their version is tasty and frozen, like a slushy with chewy beads in the bottom.
5	Was pleasantly surprised by this hidden restaurant. You can't judge this place by appearances-we were pretty skeptical going into the mall, considering its full of boarded up shops and is eerily quiet. Upon entering the restaurant, you are greeted by Le himself with a smile on his face. Very friendly guy offering up some delicious grub. Highly recommend a try for both food and experience.
4	I've recently been craving some banh mi and actually tried to make them at home, but it was way too much work!  So thankfully I was in the Charlotte area and decide to see where I might be able to get some.  Thankfully Le's showed up on Yelp search so she was bookmarked for some future eats.  After a conference I headed over to Le's which is located in a gritty, seedy, Asian mall which re-defines the term, low-rent.  Funny, but there's an Asian market JUST like this up in Raleigh so I felt right at home.  Inside, Le's has a small store-front, short menu and they serve their sandwiches in short and long rolls.  I go for a meatball and roast pork in a long bun which to me is more VN tradition.  The sandwiches are made fresh and took 10 minutes or so.  I get a small bag with my sammiches and I'm off.  Didn't get to eat them until after they cooled down but loved the light bread, Le's stuffs their sandwiches with lots of carrot, daikon and cilantro, yum.  And the meat was well-done, not stuffed with meat but enough to make for a balanced sandwich.  So rock on Le's!  If you're willing to brave their dingy location, it's well worth the trip for their tasty banh mi.
5	I'm in love with this place. I just need to man up. Have a little prep talk with my lady aka my SUV before we head to Le's. Horrible parking lot. So many pot holes. Your car will so mad at you if you go but it's soo worth it. This place is a gem. The gentleman working behind the counter was so patient with me while he tried to understand my broken Vietnamese and English. I was trying to describe to him what my mom ordered every time she's comes here. Simple deli meats with fresh cilantro and pickle carrots, butter/mayo sitting in a nice slightly toasted French baguette. Omg. I'm in heaven. The sandwich only costed me $3.29. I was soo shock I added a soy milk and iced French coffee mixed w.condensed milk.. I know it's a weird combination... But try it... I will never order another sub from Subway as long as this place is open... But remember if you want to try this place out.. BRING CASH!! They don't accept credit...
5	Don't let the war torn exterior fool you.  This place is legit.  Go get one.....now.
4	We tried to hit up Le's once before, but after surviving the treacherous parking lot, we had to turn around because we didn't have any dolla-dolla bills... So, with cash in hand, we headed back for round 2. Le's is a small, unassuming shop amidst the rows of Vietnamese shops. Order by number and pay at the counter (CASH only!!). We got the #2 (chicken) and #6 (cured pork). Both were tasty, not the best we've ever had but good. The thing that really put Le's on the map for me was their sugar cane juice!! Oh man... it sounded like it would be disgustingly sweet but it wasn't. It had a subtly fresh citrus taste and it was perfectly (not overly) sweet. Also got the strawberry surf boba... umm... let's just say I'll never order a boba smoothie from them again.
4	Banh mi. Go eat one. Or two.Happy news: they have a vegetarian option. "It looks like meat...not meat. Tofu." And it's not a wimpy sandwich. From my observation, the regular banh mi sandwiches are also worth your while. Make sure to request the sandwich on a baguette and ask for pate. Yes, you must have cash. Yes, the parking lot is atrocious. Yes, they close early.Just go.Yelp again doesn't disappoint.
5	Getting to this location is indeed treacherous, but entirely worth it.  There was lots of activity in the parking lot on a recent Saturday, all seemingly legitimate business comings and goings, so even though the place looks scary, it really isn't.  The #6 Pork was wonderful, I will come back the next time I can brave the trek!Someone should plea with Le's owners to open more than one location, and please on the south side of Charlotte!
5	This place has the best banh mi sandwiches in Charlotte, hands down. Their bubble tea is pretty solid as well. We asked one of the employees for their best sandwiches and received the numbers 6, 7, and 12. Personally, I thought the number 6 was the best. It is a best seller for a reason. It had the perfect amount of spice and the baguette was light and crispy like a proper banh mi should be. Go. It is worth it.
4	Since this is my first banh mi, I don't have any comparison, what I do know is that I'm hooked on this sandwich.Read the other reviews about the terrible parking lot, and the general condition of the venue.  I won't flog that already deceased equine.Once you find this place, it nearly sparkles in comparison to the rest of the surroundings.  It seems pretty clean and bright.  The ladies behind the counter were very nice and helpful, though they only speak enough English to take your order.  The main menu is in Vietnamese, but there is a picture menu on the wall that has some English on it.  Clientele was mostly Asian but there were several in the fairly large crowd that looked like me.  We all smiled a lot at each other and the experience was very pleasant.I went with the classic number 6 with added pate.  I can only say, wow.  Now I know what all the hoopla regarding banh mi has been about.  As other reviewers have mentioned, the bread is sublime.  I don't know what you call it. They list it as baguette but it is unlike any baguette I have ever had, shatteringly crisp but very tender and fluffy all at the same time.  The pork was flavorful and tender as well and the pate was a great addition, salty, porky, livery, and peppery.  I loved the lightly pickled vegetables and thought they added just the right balance with the cilantro.  This is a sandwich worth going out of your way to find and enjoy.  All the crazy adventure that you have to endure to get this little piece of Vietnamese culinary heaven just makes the enjoyment all the more worthwhile.Don't miss the opportunity to broaden your horizons, if you can't make it to Vietnam, at least try to get to Le's sometime soon.
5	Holy Moly these sandwiches are AMAHZING!  Seriously, the bread alone is so fresh and moist. I believe these are the best manh mi sandwiches in Charlotte.  The atmosphere is extremely unassuming, but the best places are.  It's a diamond hidden in a rough.  Bottom line: These sandwiches are made with the freshest ingredients, the service is great, it's a family-owned business and the food is just plain delicious.  What more could you want?!
5	This is one of my go-to spots. You literally can not go wrong with Le's. I have been here well-over a dozen times and have NEVER had a bad experience. I've even recruited several people who are now die-hard fans of Le's. If you are looking for a delicious banh mi then this is your place. The freshness of the ingredients and crunchy deliciousness of the bread are unmatched. I know that other places claim to have banh mis that are good but to me they just aren't as simple and delicious as what Le's offers. Let me also point out...Le's Sandwiches are a proven hangover cure in my opinion! All for less than $4!To be fair I can not comment on anything other than #6 (the grilled pork banh mi). Don't blame me though, I found what I liked and stuck with it! There are several sandwiches though to suit the pallet of any banh mi fan; I simply prefer the classic.One could not write a review about Le's Sandwiches without commenting on the ambience. Le's Sandwiches is certainly off the beaten path and is tucked away in the Asian Mall off of N Tryon which at times looks like it was abandoned in the late 70's. Don't let the scenery fool you though. Le's Sandwiches is impeccably clean and well-kept. After enjoying a sandwich at Le's be sure to check out one of the Asian markets in the same area. Great stuff and one of the cheapest places I've found Sriracha Hot Chili Sauce!
4	Sugar cane juice was delicious.  I think the slice of orange detracts from the flavor, so get it without orange. Banh mi was flavorful, but I wish they would use the traditional banh mi bread.
4	After a long time, I finally got to try this place. As everyone said before, it's inside the Asian Corner. We drove around the parking lot, trying to find this place because I didn't pay attention to the instructions some of the reviewers gave in their reviews. I must say it was a good thing, driving around in all those bumpy potholes definitely worked up an appetite. We parked closer to the left entrance and had to walk all the way through what looked like the aftermath of a zombie apocalypse. If you don't want to get spooked, walk in through the right entrance, and it will be just a few steps away.Both me and my boyfriend had the #6 because that looked good and I had something like it before so it would be a good comparison.[Update: Last weekend we tried #2 - chicken bahn mi and #8- BBQ pork I think. Both were really good. I liked the chicken more than #8, so my top favorites are #6 and #2.]We got our sandwiches to-go. I tried to make small talk with the owner / manager, but he didn't seem like the friendly kind, so I gave up. Our orders were made pretty fast. We walked back out to the car, but I couldn't wait and had to eat a bite of my sandwich.... and then I just couldn't stop, but I did. We opened our sandwiches on getting home. I must say, during the 10 minute ride back home, the baguettes lost their crispiness. Even then, the sandwich was delicious, so much that I almost think of it every day. My only concern is the long bunches of cilantro they put in there. I'm all for the fantastic flavor of cilantro in my bahn mi, but at least shred it.PS: This place is cash-only.
5	Mmmmmmmmm. Banh Mi. Not much else needs to be said but I'll say it anyway. The sandwiches are amazing and very fresh (not to mention great price). This place is tiny but clean, with only a sprinkling of tables if you plan on eating in. Don't forget to bring cash and do keep in mind that they close up sometimes for weeks at a time as it's a mom and pop so if they're on holiday it's not open. All that really doesn't matter because this is excellent banh mi so it's still 5 stars.
5	Le's is one of those places that I've known about for a long time, but never quite managed to visit. Fortunately, we live a lot closer to them now, so this past weekend seemed ideal for a takeout lunch. I was thrilled to find out that they live up to their reputation. I ordered a number 6 (the grilled pork sandwich) on a baguette, and I was ready to lick the paper when I was done eating it. If you've never been, I highly recommend you start with this.Their store is pretty plain, but that's not an issue when the food is so good and cheap. The parking lot at Asian Corner's isn't as bad as some folks make it out to be so long as you are proactive at driving around and straddling pot holes.
5	Thank you, thank you, thank you to Pourina R., Ben G., and Chad E. for telling me about amazing sandwich shop. Not only do they have amazing Vietnamese sandwiches, but they are some of the best sandwiches I have ever had.Yes the shop may not be in the nicest place...you will need to find your own path to drive through in the parking lot, and the inside of the building is dirty and rundown. But, it does not hurt the experience of this restaurant at all.We tried the #6 and #7. The number #6 is there grilled pork banh mi. We added pate to it and it did not disappoint. It was likely the most flavorful out of the two. It was also the spiciest. The #7 is there combination special which comes with multiple types of pork. It was a great sandwich but not as good as the #6. Both sandwiches came on a long baguette roll and topped with cucumbers, pickled vegetables, and fresh herbs. We washed down the sandwiches with their fresh squeezed sugar cane juice. It was the first time I had sugar cane. I really enjoyed it. The juice was not overly sweet and super refreshing. After we ate our sandwiches, I was very tempted to order two other sandwiches to bring home for dinner. I promise you it is that good. Oh, did I mention that these tasty, flavorful sandwiches cost less than $4 a sandwich...Seriously? How is that even possible?
4	My wife and I rushed from work to experience what Le Sandwiches has to offer. They close promptly at 6pm. And I mean at 6pm!! But, it was well worth it! I'm driving and eating at the same time because it was sooo good!! Finding it was a problem at first because it looked like Apocalypse Now movie set!! But don't be discouraged!! Hold tight because your taste buds are gonna love it!! By the way!!! Make sure you have good shocks and struts because the parking lot has more craters than the the Moon!
5	Who needs a dollar menu meal  when one can get a delicious sandwich here. It's Vietnamese to go. Once you try one you will keep coming back.Still as good as ever.  The owner is retiring but his son is taking over.
5	Best banh mi in town. Flavorful grilled pork with fresh cilantro and jalapenos, pickled daikon and carrots on a fresh baguette. Can't beat the price. I usually get two - one for today, one for tomorrow! The parking lot definitely needs some work (pot hole city) but its TOTALLY worth the trip. That's pretty much all you need to know. Go!!
3	Not the BEST Vietnamese sandwiches that I've had, but of course one of the only good ones in Charlotte. Love the fact that their bread is always fresh, but wish they didn't skimp out on the meat they put in the sandwiches. Regardless, if you're looking for a good banh mi in the area, this is the place to go. They also have bubble tea (again, not the greatest, but decent). Remember to bring cash! They don't take debit/credit.
4	I enjoyed the banh mi sandwiches here. I ordered the bbq pork and a strawberry bubble tea. The pickled veggies were crunchy and delicious! I could've ate another half of a sandwich. My bf ordered the other pork sandwich but I enjoyed mine better. He also ordered the sugar cane drink and enjoyed it but it was too sweet for my taste. I know what do you expect from a drink just made with sugar cane! (With a touch of orange) The man running the place was a bit rude to me when I asked him a question but I would still go back to eat their sandwiches. Don't forget to bring cash no cards accepted.
5	Prices are fair $3.25 for either the grilled chicken or pork, freshest sandwich I have ever had!
5	Ahh-mazing!!! Thank you fellow yelpers.. You did not disappoint!! Came here for lunch on a Sunday afternoon. I ordered the #6 grilled pork banh mi and my husband ordered the same along with an extra sardine banh mi sandwich (for $3.50 each who can resist?!) Everyone there was super friendly and welcoming and the gentleman who took our order wanted to make sure my husband knew he was ordering fish! I decided to be a little adventurous too and grabbed one if the Vietnamese canned drinks. Once the sandwiches came out  and we dug in we were impressed!! They were so delicious, fresh, and ohh the bread! This sandwich is probably the best deal for your money in all of Charlotte!!! The sardine sandwich was very good too! (You have to really like fish though!) They marinated the fish in oil and spices for a hoisin-like tasty treat. I couldn't resist and ordered a mango bubble tea for dessert..perfect way the end the meal! Couple things though...after reading the reviews on the location of this place I was a bit trepidatious but it wasn't that bad! I mean... We parked beside a Mercedes and a Porsche and their rims were still intact so it can't THAT bad. I never once felt scared.. It was actually pretty cool though because as you enter the mall you almost feel like you are transported to a different country! Oh... And make sure you bring cash! Thank goodness we happened to have a $20 in the wallet. Check this place out... You won't regret it!
5	This is what Yelp is all about. Never in a million a years would I have ever found this spot... or even attempted to go here without reading the reviews.I used to drive past this place all the time. I had no clue there were even businesses operating in this rundown shopping center. So I braved the parking lot, knocked the alignment out of my car probably 10 times. And it was all worth it.For the newbies, here are some important things to know:-You can't see Le's from the parking lot. You have to get out of your car and go inside the mall. Go past the Dollar Store at the second Asian Mall entrance. Walk through the hallway. It is on the right.-Cash only-They close at 6-Seriously, the parking lot looks like a serious of bombs went off in it. Be careful driving through it.As for the food, I knew right off the bat that I wanted the #6 grilled pork banh mi. With the prices so cheap and the fact that I survived the parking lot, I knew I wanted to order another one for later. While staring at the menu trying to decide, the super nice man behind the counter suggested the #8 BBQ pork. Oh man, delicious. The bread, the pickled veggies, the meat... both sandwiches were just fantastic. The #8 wins for me.Two giant sandwiches... just eight bucks. You can't beat that.Thank you Yelpers for introducing me to this small slice of Vietnamese sandwich heaven. Can't wait to go back and try the sugar cane juice!
4	4.5 stars! For once the reviews are right, finally!!! To tell the truth I never doubted this place, there's no way Charlotteans would recommend this derelict third world location otherwise. OK, the truth is Le's doesn't need any more praise, so why this review then? Because baguette is French bread and Jambon means ham, that why. I want to remind lovers of JJ's "lunchables" what they aren't getting : FLAVOR!  the pop in your mouth wow they're totally missing. Or french bread, contrary to their advertisement that's not what JJ serves, it's hoagies. On the flavor scale if Le's is a 5 then JJ lumps taste a solid .... 0.5.
5	I have always said dont judge a book by its cover and this pertains to this place. The outside may look a lil rough but believe me u will not regret it. I have been looking for a banh mi place since I moved here and found this place thanks to yelp! After reading the reviews I decided to try it and I definitely did not regret it even tho my BF was a bit hesitant because of the location. He loved it! He had never tried banh mi before but I have all my life and these are great!  My bf prefers the #6 the pork banh mi but my favorite is the #7 banh mi dac biet its sooooo good! You should all go I bet you will be going back for more like we do! Also the bubble teas are good too I like the mango and bf likes the honeydew. Also a tip: bring cash because thats all they accept.
3	You know your day continues to be bad when: you go to Le's Sandwiches to get an assortment or Banh Mi's to eat at home later: a #6 with pate, #7, #8, and #12, and it's Wednesday - so they're *expletive* closed. So now you have to dodge the pot holes, leaving the parking lot - empty handed. BTW, I don't remember the inside of this mall smelling so terribly funky, as it was today. Yuck! The floors are hideously dirty, and need pressure washing desperately. I would be willing to bet that the owners of this shopping center haven't spent $100 in maintenance on the place in the past year. So much for having a Bahn Mi at Le's....
5	Yep Le's is everything the Yelpers said, sketchy parking lot/building but amazingly good sandwiches and drinks. Also the owner is super nice and helpful. I asked if he had heard of the website Yelp and he had. To find it easier go to the entrance furthest away from North Tryon, I went in the other one and got to see some of the other business owners smoking inside the run down mall walkway, kinda weird to see that these days. Anyway Le's is all lit up and bright its kinda like a beacon in this forgotten wasteland of a mall. As I walked through, it almost felt like a movie, like a fight scene would break out at any minute!Fade to black and enter the food...Le knew I had never been there before and instantly suggested the #8 #6 and #2 which I'm guessing probably leans towards our American tastes? He was super nice and cheerful which was very ironic considering the dilapidation that surrounds his great little shop. I ordered the 6 & 8 and I had to try the notorious White Gourd Drink and picked up a Chrysanthemum Tea and a Mango Bubble tea. Yes the White Gourd tastes exactly like Golden Grahams! and the Chrysanthemum had a nice light flavor but nothing crazy like the gourd. The Mango bubble tea was super tasty but my wife was weirded out by the gel bubble things. Le asked if I wanted the sandwiches spicy and I consented, unsure of what I just agreed to but confident he knew what he was doing. I know that he added jalapenos but there may have been more sauce or spread of some kind? My favorite was the #8 although the #6 was just as tasty and the spice wasn't that bad, but every once in a while it would kick in!Anyway all that together this meal for two was only about $14! This place is a screaming bargain and an amazing culinary experience! Battling the bomb riddled parking lot and mysterious smokers is just part of the adventure of Le's Sandwich shop. *Schwarzenegger voice*  -   I'LL BE BACK!
5	If only a sandwich shop like this existed uptown, I would have lunch here everyday.This restaurant is essentially a small room in the Asian Corner Mall (the one further from Tryon, , not visible from the parking lot. There are maybe three or four tables there - owner and his wife were very nice. I had the #6 (grilled pork sandwich) on a baguette - was loaded with crunchy veggies and peppers too (my mouth is still searing). That and a green tea bubble tea only cost about $7 which is incredible (cash only!). Of course, there are chicken as well as vegetarian sandwiches available. This was early this Saturday afternoon so not a ton of business at that time. Also for sale there was beef jerky and rice cookies which I will have to pick up next time.The parking lot is indeed horrendous. As for the shopping center itself, it's certainly dilapidated and aged, but it's not a spot to fear for your safety in, so don't let that deter you. Also noted that this restaurant is one of the few of its kind (i.e. counter-type grab-and-go) to not have tip jars out. Seeing as how the food was affordable and the quality excellent, I would have gladly left some dough in this instance. Anyway, the food, as well as the experience of the area itself, is worth a short expedition. Try it!
5	As a local, we all know the parking lot in Asian corner is not car friendly at all, but I always make an exception ONLY for le's sandwich shop. The bread is so perfect, not too toasted on top where it will take off the root of your gums ( we've all had over toasted bread before at one point in our lives, at least I have  ) we've literally ordered every single sandwich off the menu (not all in one sitting hah) and all were delish! For charlotte standards, i think le's is one of the best, So I say go go go!
5	WOW what a find!  Thanks for the tip on this place fellow yelpers!!Yep it is a little scary to get here - not located in the best of areas.  Just go though - you will be fine.  The 'mall' itself is a bit smelly and delapitated but the sandwich shop itself is very clean and bright.I had the #6 - grilled pork sandwich.  It is made fresh for you while you wait.  You can eat there or takeout.  Prices are very reasonable and service is super quick.  My sandwich was very fresh and the pork was not overly seasoned.  Very good!  Will definitely be back.
4	Pretty. Darn. Delicious.  Even for someone like me that tries to stay away from bread, I had to try this place.  I'm glad I did.  First off, it's the cheapest meal in Charlotte as I know it.  I think my sandwich was $3.50.  That's crazy.  The chicken sub I got was spicy, fresh basil, carrots and utterly delicious. There is no seating in the place as I recall and it's cash only.  Also, be aware it's in the middle of a very run down Asian market so just be prepared for that but don't let it stop you from giving them a try.  No low carb options here either.
5	If you are looking for something amazing.. Stop here! I love #6 & #7. I can't get enough of this place! They also sell homemade beef jerky that I enjoy! P.S They don't accept credit cards..
5	How did I not know about this place when I shop at the little grocery store all the time? I was craving for a Viet Sub and found this place on Yelp. With all the positive reviews, we gave this place a try and OMG, I am definitely coming back. We ordered #6, 7 & 8. My favorite is 6 (grilled pork) and after eating just that sandwich, I made my husband go back for another one cause one was definitely NOT enough. I also got a coconut boba and it was delicious. My little girl didn't even want to share!!The place looks beat but don't worry. Just go inside the Asian Corner Mall and to your right, the restaurant is there and they ONLY TAKE CASH.
5	Spicy, fresh, and delicious pork sandwich. Le, the owner, is super friendly and knows how to treat customers well. Great value too.
4	Closed until 2/26 for Chinese New Year. Heard so many great things.  So excited.  Guess I will have to wait a little longer.
2	I'm all for branching outside the "American Food" comfort box. But when I tried this place I honestly didn't like it. First off the place does not accept debit cards...it's 2014 people. Second the sandwich was not good. I had the chicken sandwich. The meat had a weird flavor and aftertaste and the bread was pretty hard. The pickled vegetables weren't good either. The sandwich itself wasn't cold or hot it was just kinda lukewarm. Overall I don't approve. I don't see myself ever going back.
5	Not many people know of this place since it's inside the shopping center, but hands down one of the best Vietnamese banh mi stores in Charlotte. Great sandwiches for a cheap price.
1	I was gonna do a two star review but as I hovered over the one star it said "Eek! Methinks not." as a suggestion- while I feel that one star is harsh, this is truly how I felt coming into the shopping center this place is located in. The owner is cool and nice for sure.......annnnnnd I'm about to become the only person to leave a 1 star review. Public enemy #1. Here I go...The sandwiches aren't bad but it really isn't worth the trip, in my humble opinion. The strip mall it is located in is single handedly the most desolate looking strip mall I have ever been in. ATTENTION CHARLOTTE FILM: This place would be wonderful to use for a violent movie scene. It is what nightmares are made of. Cigarette butts everywhere inside, trash, vacant window shopping, unfilled water ponds, dust, mold, token homeless/mentally ill dude- this is the fucking boulevard of broken dreams.By all means go, it will make a good story. The baguette was great and they sell them for 70 cents. The bahn mi is nothing special. We tried half the menu. I make better bahn mi's at home- they're really easy to make and fairly cheap. They don't use mayo but rather the margarine that is one molecule away from plastic. Our group was wondering how they can get away with selling bahn mi's at $3-$3.50 a pop, and we then joked because rent is probably $100. If you decide to come, you will see why. You cannot argue with that. The strip mall being in the state it is in...You can't help but feel it is unsanitary even though the storefront looks clean. Le's Sandwiches aren't bad but they're not 5 stars. There's no sign indicating the place exists in the front of the strip mall. ATTENTION HIPSTERS: JACKPOT! Le's Sandwiches needs to get the hell outta there and across the street into Dino's space or somewhere more reputable that does not look like the back drop for A Serbian Film. Or Hobo With A Shotgun. I hate to not fit in with the rest of the Yelpers fawning over this place...but 4 1/2 stars while some of the best restaurants in Charlotte are getting 3 1/2? Y'all are being hipsters.
5	The closer I got to Le's, the more and more Roland's voice sounded like Colonel Kurtz from "Apocalypse Now."  Time slowed down a bit, and my senses heightened.  I found myself deeply inhaling through my nostrils for the smell of napalm.  We arrived sans metal detector and traversed through the parking lot minefield unscathed nonetheless.  Instead of eyeballing for the entrance to the barracks, my eyes scanned for enemy combatants until my compatriot lauded the "all clear."No guards, no signs...this must be the place.  We knew the praise for Le's must be the real deal Holyfield.This is one of those locations that you had no issue traipsing around and adventuring to before marriage and kids.  Now you're appraising the vehicle you're driving and wondering if your life insurance is up to date.  Just kidding...or am I?  This is the "used to be the used to be the sorta strange but kinda okay" mall.  "First time?"  "We look THAT green, eh?"  Number 6 with peppers it is.When I finally got off the floor, I did the, "this is soooo freaking good" head nod...to have it reciprocated.  I was not expecting what I saw on the sign...or in the basket...to taste that good!  Even the aftermath belches taste great (yea...I said it...don't judge me)!The sandwich was a marinated pork, pickled veggies, and fresh jalapenos on a....Let's talk about the bread here. Do you remember the Kid and Play movie, "House Party?"  No?  Me neither.Moving on then...No...but really, the dance-off part of that movie.  The bread that this sandwich is made on makes me want to do that entire scene.  Ankle grabbed, hand behind head...and wildly flailing my leg back and forth.  I also feel an intense urge to bust out some old metal band front kicks while putting up the horns and yelling, "Slayer!" How those two things go together, you'll never know...since I just chalk it up to being strange. Trust me, it's me...not you.Is it possible that my first experience has made me an addict?  I want this for dinner now too.  Can I buy a couple of these and stick them in the fridge...or do I need to man-up and deploy again?To do:  Brave the sketchTo don't: Tell Marc
5	Tried the pork banh mi and it was great. The bread, pickled daikon/carrots, pork, cilantro, jalapeno were all fresh and it was only around $4. I should have gotten two! No complaints at all.
4	Don't let the appearance fool you, this had good quality sandwiches. Get the grilled pork it's my favorite. really good prices too.
5	Don't let the post apocalyptic strip mall look fool you (it's truly one of the worst conditioned strip malls that still operates in my humble opinion) , this is the most legit and delicious bahn mi in Charlotte.Family owned, they work there everyday it is open... There English is a little broken up, but their menu is numbered so it's all good. There are a couple of chairs and a table, but it's mostly take out.The French bread is awesome, the pickled veggies are delicious and the meat is well done (as in 'done nicely', not overcooked) .This is one place in Charlotte I would not miss! If you want the best bahn mi in Charlotte, this is the only place to go. If you're hungry, get two... or ask for extra meat for $1.50 extra... well worth it!
2	So, I've been putting this review off for a while, upset that I did not have the amazing experience like everyone else. I hate that I hated this place, but that's the way it is. Getting here was an absolute mess. I have never been to the part of town before and was scared, even in the safety of my car. The inside was no better. It looks like a post-apocololytpic, abandoned, east Detroit strip mall with garbage on the floors and graffiti on the walls.Le's isn't much better, but appeared to be clean and I was hungry so I stepped up to the plate and ordered the combo and grilled pork sanwhiches. Some nice guy in front of me tossed the cashier some extra money and paid for my sandwiches...really nice and a much needed spirit boost after my tumultuous ride in.So, I have had some very good Bahn Mi sandwiches before and these were no better. The meat just tasted...old. The best part were the baguettes, which I have to admit, were pretty good.So then, I bite into something with a gummy, rubbery texture and bright pink (see picture). Perhaps, this is supposed to be in the sandwich (somebody please tell me if this is the case) but it absolutely disgusted me and I wound up throwing out the rest of both sandwiches.In short, this place is way to far off the beaten path and frankly, in a dangerous area. Save yourself the time and stress and go elsewhere.
5	On vacation with my parents looking for a good Bahn Mi to eat. Definitely, this is the place. Location extremely run down and kind of scary. Go in the daytime, would not recommend night time. The cafe is inside the mall. Next, to the cafe is a bunch of Asian stores. As you walk in you will immediately see it. Not much to look at. But, has very good Bahn Mi. Owner really nice gentlemen. Now, the Bahn Mi, bread was extremely good. Crust just right, and soft. The Bahn Mi, was $4 under. I ordered the grill pork, topped with cilantro, carrots, daikon and some jalapeno peppers for a kick. Delicious!! I have tasted a lot of Bahn Mi, from Columbus, Chicago, LA, Houston, Toronto, and Boston. Hands down this place is really good. Great Bahn Mi!! Good Vietnamese ice or hot coffee too!! If, you can overlook the location and run down mall. Just run in quickly and get your Bahn Mi and ice coffee and run out.
5	Native Charlottean here, and this is the place with the best Banh Mi in town.  The place maybe sketch but not dangerous.
4	Per usual, my stars are for food not ambiance. Food is the most important thing here. Where is your sense of adventure folks?I've been going to Le's for about 6 years now. It's located inside of Asian Corner Mall, formerly Tryon Mall if anyone can remember that far back. ACM happens to have the worst parking lot in all of Charlotte. You must dodge the large crater-like potholes as if they were land mines. These aren't normal potholes. They're the kind that your car could get swallowed by. Better yet, think of it more as off roading. Once you safely make it across the field of craters, beware, for when you step out of your vehicle there may be a few used syringes tossed about.  You don't want to step on those. Some of you may think I'm kidding. I'm not. It's bad. Push through. Those little flavor bombs of awesome are worth it. Tips: cash only, order #6, everything has a number, they also have bubble tea, bread is awesome. Again, order #6. The end.
5	You won't get a better banh mi in charlotte then you will here.Don't let the parking lot and occasional hobo's scare you away.Cash only
4	Far back corner of the mall/lot. Head for Dragon Court Chinese Restaurant.Absolutely the best banh mi I've had outside of Vietnam. The space isn't much to speak of, but it's clean and well-lit, and the mall literally looks like a horror movie set, but THE SANDWICHES!
4	As others have said, the shopping center is a little rough (literally). The potholes are probably just a cheaper alternative to speed bumps. The food is definitely worth the adventure though. The bread is crusty and fresh and the meats and veg are flavorful and delicious. The staff (owner?) was also extremely friendly and polite. Would definitely venture back to Le's for some tasty treats.
4	It's really good! I'm so glad this place exists in Charlotte. I get extra veggies and the grilled pork every time. Delish! Try it!
5	$4 buys you the most delicious sandwich you can imagine! Everything that the others rave about is TRUE. The baguettes here are chewy and fresh, the meat is savory, the vegetables are crispy and bright. These things combine to make a tasty treat that is simply sublime.About once a week, someone at the office has a craving . . . we dispatch a volunteer and spend the afternoon rejoicing over the experience.  I just returned as an envoy to what I affectionally refer to as "Little Saigon" with eleven #6s, 3 with peppers. ;) Nomnomnomnomnomnomnom!
5	Some of the best bahn mi I've ever had! And they have a vegetarian option! It's in a really cool converted mall, and it's right next to a great Asian grocer.
4	It's inside the mall. And don't get freaked out that the mall is old and dirty. It's a great tasting banh mi sandwich and I know my Vietnamese sandwiches. The most critical aspect is the baguette and they got it right. Worth the trip!
5	I can't say enough about Le's.  Loved the entire experience of driving to a decrepit mall in the middle of nowhere to taste the best sandwich I've ever tried.  Le's offers a vegetarian option with soy meat.  Typically, I don't like soy meat and op just for veggies, but this one was so well done, it added to the sandwich.  The bread was also fabulous.  I don't know if he makes it or is just able to find bread like that, but it made the sandwich.
4	Wow...what an interesting experience. I knew the food had to be good if people are willing to traverse such treacherous terrain for a sandwich. I had to swerve around craters, I mean potholes, in the parking lot and then walk through what appeared to be an abandoned mall in a third world country to reach the restaurant.Once inside, I felt a sense of relief. The restaurant was clean and the staff were very friendly. I had the #6: a pork sandwich with pickled veggies and fresh cilantro for $3.75. OMG, what a great deal. The sandwich was simple, fresh and delicious for under four bucks. They must be making their money on sodas. My can of coke was $1. But I can't complain, the meal is the best value I've gotten for lunch in years. This place takes hole-in-the-wall to a whole new level and I love it! It's cash only and most people order take-out.  Add this place to your list. The food is fresh and fabulous.
5	Great Prices,  fresh bread, unusual but delicious.  Definitely going to be a regular stop!
5	Great Prices,  fresh bread, unusual but delicious.  Definitely going to be a regular stop!
4	The shopping mall that this place is in is seriously scary.  I nearly forgot that I was in the United States and not some war ravished country.  You really can't beat the bang for the buck here.  The sandwiches are dirt cheap and high quality.  Do I think it's the best sandwich in town?  No, definitely not.  Is it high quality, tasty, and great bang for the buck?  Absolutely!  Le's is worth giving a try.
5	The staff was very helpful for firstimers. The banh mi (#6 & #7) were just delightful. Everything is so fresh and the bread is perfectly crispy outside and soft inside. Glad I found this gem!
4	If you find yourself tired of lunch and you are losing faith in food that comes in paper - eat here! Everything is good. Order the whole menu and bring it to your work friends. There's like 10 sammies and they are mad cheap and soooo good. You will be an office fave. I love coming to Le's - really its a small obsession. It's under control though. I swear.
4	Confessions of a Crazy Southern Foodie or Lord, Have Mercy.....I'm Craving Bahn Mi.It's Sunday at 3:30 p.m.It's 58 degrees.There's a cold rain falling.It's the middle of football season, and the Charlotte Panthers are playing.I'm wearing my favorite black, 3X, Chum Lee t-shirt. Khaki shorts. My favorite sweat stained khaki, but oh so comfortable, Nautica baseball cap with the leaping sailfish. I have on my most roached out but comfortable, twenty year old, gray Hushpuppies, that I use to mow the yard and paint. I haven't shaved today......and I have an irresistible craving for Bahn Mi.Most people would ignore the craving and watch the football game.There is no other Bahn Mi in the immediate area that tops Le's, and it's over an hour away.My solution, two words: "Road Trip."I slowly make my way to Charlotte via highway 321 and I-85 North. I exit at Sugar Creek, and take note of the two hookers ambling up the sideway. One has bright red hair, and I'm not so sure that the other one is not a trannie. I just know that I have never been drunk enough to contemplate hooking up with #2.Entering the Asian Mall via the Greensboro Avenue entrance gives my vehicle the best chance for survival, so that's the plan. Getting to Le's basically means off-roading in one's car.I get to Le's Sandwiches and there's a line back to the door. The people in front of me are first timers and they "have no idea" what they want to order. They look back at me and announce, "maybe this man knows what he wants." This man does know, and he knew when he left home more than an hour ago.Me: "Two # 6's and one #8."Mr. Le: "For here or to go?"Me: "To go."Mr. Le: "Do you want your sandwiches on a baguette?"{No hesitation}Me: "Yes!"Aside: If anyone ever asks you whether you want ANYTHING on a baguette, the answer should be a resounding "YES!"Three Bahn Mis were made and I got back over a dollar in change from a ten spot. The ride home seems short. I contemplate my future, my job, and what I am passionate about. I reach the conclusion that my current job is not something that I care to do any longer. Life's too short to do something that one doesn't enjoy. I unwrapped a #6 and poured myself a homebrewed Cerveza, my next to last. I poured this into my Munich Oktoberfest one litre mug in honor of Hickory's Oktoberfest which was happening this weekend. I find that beer pairs extremely well with Le's Bahn mis.I ate the #6, and it was so delicious that I proceeded to devour a #8 as well. Were the sandwiches as good as I remember them?"Why, yes - yes they were."Am I crazy for driving two hours round trip to get Bahn Mis at Le's Sandwiches?"Why, yes - yes I am." I freely admit that!On a positive note, I have one #6 Bahn Mi left over for tomorrow, and an almost full bottle of Sriracha. Le's Sandwiches.....there is no substitute.
4	Like so many reviewers have already mentioned, I also like the pork #6. My next choice is the special combination (#7). The best Bhan Mi I've found so far. Also try their ice drink/dessert in the cups in the fridge, they are very good especially if you like coconut milk base drinks, but not many reviews mentioned about this. Unfortunately the pot holes that has been there for years never got fixed.
5	Definitely a hidden gem of Charlotte.  Get a sandwich and a sugar cane drink. Nom nom nom
5	The best value for lunch in Charlotte. I crave *this* bahn mi and am never disappointed.  Shopping center/parking lot comments, sure. This shop is impeccably clean and an oasis in the middle of all of the chaos but...wow. Forever consistant and delicious
5	Excellent whole in the wall Banh Mi sandwich shop.   You gotta enter the little mall and its on your right.  They only accept cash.  The staff is nice.  Thai tea with bubbles was good but the frozen smoothie kind not iced kind.  The sandwich it self was amazing and for the price you can't beat it.
1	I may sound petty but I hate getting ripped off or tricked. We bought 2 sandwiches (3.75 each) which should be $7.50 and assuming with tax, it should be not a dollar more in taxes. However my total came out to $8.62. The man doesn't give out receipts and do not take credit cards meaning IRS can't track how much he really makes. Unless taxes are 15% in Charlotte, I don't know how it came out that much. Usually I would buy 5 or 6 so I don't really pay much attention but this time, I was really able to calculate. If the sandwich is $4 and not $3.75, he needs to stop being shady and update his signage. The  man is rich. Cash only is shady business. No receipt for customers to see break down of your purchase. Super shady.
5	The #6 and the Tofu are delicious.
2	Banh Mi!!! I was so ecstatic to find some place serving that was rated decently I almost went 40 over on the freeway.. I love Banh Mi and have been blessed to have some really good viet sandwich shops in Houston for majority of my life. That being said, my expectation for this place was way too high, to a point I might be underrating it by a star.- LocationUnless you've been to some Chinatown places the location may or may not freak you out a bit. In like a "I Am Legend" sort of way the shop is located inside a deserted Viet mall which has a equally deserted parking lot. You have to go look for it which may actually deter quite a few people, but inside its pretty much as fast food as you can get. Limited seating space with quick sandwiches.- The Banh MiI'll just break it down simply:- Bread is not nearly as crisp as it should be (honestly I don't even think its a French Baguette)- Meat is just not tender and it seems to have been sitting there for ages (rubbery).- The veggies they put in are fresh, which is good.- THEY DONT HAVE EGG :( - This really put me over the edge because any good Banh Mi has a fried egg in it.All of that while only being able to pay cash really just makes this place fall short. If you've never had a banh mi or don't have it often, you'll most likely like this place. For those of us who have  been cultured, it's just not acceptable.
