3	This is a nice & clean station across the road from Stonecrest.  In addition to gas jumps, a shop full of typical convenience store items, and  a carwash, they also have a BOA ATM right outside their front door. However, I just stopped in to put a little air in my tire and the air-pump is currently broken. :-(
3	This Exxon location has pump station a plenty. Always filled with plenty of brushes and liquid to clean your windshield (which can be a HUGE lack at other stations) and is never unkempt. The carwash is popular stop for many. I've yet to try it, since I'm a huge procrastinator, but it seems to do a good job. The inside is clean and welcoming and the staff is tolerable. NOTE: This location is becoming a 7Eleven this summer! The Slurpee machine has already been installed and open for business! All of the other 7Eleven accoutrement is available as well. A huge win for us in South Charlotte! Enjoy your Slurpee!
5	Wonderful employees!I've been to this 7-11 several mornings for coffee and gas, and every morning the staff greets me with a smile and a "good morning". Now that I've seen them multiple times, they know me well enough to know what I'm coming in for, joke around about sports teams and even offer suggestions of places to eat and things to do around the area. While it's not my local coffee house, it almost feels that way! Every morning I've been the coffee is hot and fresh, there are timers to show just how long the coffee has been sitting there, they have a great variety of creamers and sugar. But everything in the location is nice and presented very well! The parking lot is a little tight, in terms of getting in and out of the spaces and by the gas pumps. But just the greeting and customer service of this location make it totally worth it!
3	It's a gas station, it's fine.  Plenty of pumps and I had used the car wash in the past until they changed it to a garage door that would slide down for the wash.  Twice I was behind people who rocked their car before pulling it out and the door would go up slightly and then come back down, trapping the wash-ee.  After visiting today, I didn't see the door go up and down, but there was no one getting a wash.  If it is the same one, I would avoid it.  The convenience store portion (7-11) has plenty of conveniences.  And if you need a cold beverage, a blue Slurpee is hard to beat.
