2	There hours here are what attracts me the most, especially last semester when I was up until 6am doing Networks and needed coffee. The coffee here is actually good especially if you get a shot in it. The espresso are...eh... And the pizzas are pretty greasy. In fact most of the food here isn't that great, but when it's hot, a fro-yo comes in quite handy.
2	Ugh. So not good food... although maybe that's because I was forced to eat here way too many times when I was on the CMU meal plan. The pizza is pretty bad, although the paninis are decent (but small). If you aren't on the mealplan, this is overpriced and not worth your time.During off hours, this can be a fun place to sit around with friends... cozy couches, and nice windows to look out of. But during peak hours you definitely won't be able to find a seat.Only redeeming factor IMHO: froyo. Usually 2 flavors are available, and it's pretty cheap-- about $2. Great for when you're having a rough day and just need a sweet treat!
5	This place is pretty good..They have some nice vegetarian pizzas, and they are open till 2am.. so this is where I go when I am hungry while studying at night..The place has nice ambiance, and when not packed with people, is pretty nice to get work done in
2	Skibo Cafe is run by Carnegie Mellon Dining Services, and it's not really worth going to unless you're a freshman stuck on the meal plan.The basic problems with Skibo (like many CMU dining locations) are that they have a reasonably small set of ingredients, and that they cook with tons of grease.  Despite what appears to be a fairly varied menu, all of the sandwiches, subs, paninis, and so on are pretty similar (just in different shapes), and greasy.The few reasonable items on their menu include the salads (the chicken and artichoke one is pretty good), the desserts (they're from Gullifty's, which manages Skibo and the Underground), and the frozen yogurt (which makes good shakes, but is cheaper by itself).Having been stuck on the CMU meal plan for freshman year, I found the baked penne with basil sauce reasonable (although it is far from healthy), and ended up succumbing to the frozen yogurt far too often than I should have.  However, if you're not stuck on the meal plan, walk the couple blocks to Craig St., where you can find *much* better food for less money.
3	The food is somewhat mediocre and the service can be excessively slow. Definitely don't go here if you have a time pressure--it can take up to 20 or 30 minutes from ordering food to getting it, depending on what you get and how busy they are.There are some good items on the menu, like the turkey wedge and the meatball panini, but it can get old quickly. I wouldn't go here more than one day in a row.Their hours are good--they're open until 9AM-2AM, so if you're hungry late at night and want something substantial, it's a decent place to go.
4	Stopped in to get a quick coffee between meetings at CMU. The staff is friendly, the space is nice and casual, and the coffee is hot. Espresso drinks available, along with regular coffee, pizza, and sandwiches.
1	mediocre food for a lot of money
3	You should only be coming here for one of two reasons:1) You live on CMU campus and/or have a CMU meal plan2) It's 1:30 am and you are hungry (you are here because nowhere else is open nearby).If you aren't a student or aren't craving food in the middle of the night, this place is not worth it. Do not go in expecting more than campus food quality.That being said there are some items on the menu that are good. I like the skibo panini, PB Crunch sandwich (but only if you're on a meal plan because, let's be real, you can make this at home in 2 minutes), chicken artichoke and feta salad, the green peace-za pizza and the garlic chicken pizza. The froyo and sometimes the specials are alright too.The biggest downside to the food here is that it's greasyyyyy. Except for the salad, everything you get is oozing with oil. Some things like the panini just look and taste greasy, other things like the pizza actually drip puddles of grease when you flip them over. This may hit the spot at 2 am when you have some drinks in your system but the vast majority of the time it'll make your stomach turn.+1 to the staff being incredibly friendly. I used to come in often enough that they remembered who I was and sometimes even remembered what I liked to order. If I stayed there studying long enough I would even sometimes get a free hot chocolate or coffee! (though the coffee is pretty bad)Know what you're getting when you eat on campus - if you set your expectations straight, you get exactly what you expect.
