3	This place is a great concept.... you go in, pick up food to go/ take out.  It is all prepared and packaged to go, they have fancy deli cases filled with different meals.  They have different meals each day.  It is expensive and I have to say that when I was picking out what I wanted, all I wanted to do was got to Chipotle next door.  The portions looked small and the prices were steep, but I picked out a really nice salmon salad-- it ended up being way more filling than I had anticipated.  Anyhow, I can see how some people would really love this place and this concept.  It's great if you don't like to cook or know how to cook-- I am thinking this place was made for the single man with finer tastes in food instead of going to the fast food drive thru. I don't know if I'll ever go back. It's up in the air.   I am interested to hear what other people have to say.
1	the location at Camelback and 16th Street no longer exists.  There's one that opened 1 week ago at E Roosevelt St and N 1st St, and they say there's one at Sky Harbor Airport
2	Living in the Roosevelt District, our household was really excited to see that this was opening up.  We thought it was a great concept that we could take advantage of being that we both work and go to school.  Went for the first time today and were really disappointed.  Ordered the Rack of Lamb with Cauliflower Parmesan Crush & Green Beans, for $16 it was not well worth it.  Although I am a true believer in paying for good quality food, there was really not much food to try in order to find out!  There were two pieces of lamb, literally 3 green beans, and more mashed cauliflower than anything.  It was ok, but I wasn't very satisfied.  For an establishment that advertises meals to go, I expected their pricing to be about the same, if not less than a restaurant, but I could have went to a sit down restaurant and paid the same amount for way more food that tastes a bit better.  FG2G - I really hope that you guys could do a little better than this because we really want to be able to support your business, but I can't say that we were happy with the food for the price we paid.  Until then, we wont be going back :(
1	The place closed a short time after this reviewIf I lived next door I would probably show up from time to time - although there are several far better choices within 2 blocks [Carley's, Verde, Matt's, Portland's - many more if you're willing to go one more block].Went for lunch with my 18 year old daughter around 2:30PM on a weekday. No one there except 3 employees - who stayed in earnest discussion with each other as we entered and walked through the place. My daughter wanted to walk out - she felt like we were intruding. I even asked whether they were closed between meals. It did feel as though we were intruding the entire time we were there. I had to ask for silverware and napkins even after being served drinks and, later, sandwiches. The servers were certainly NOT recruited for their professionalism. One woman walked in, looked over the visible fare, sauntered over to the counter and read the chalkboard menu for a few minutes. Not once was her presence acknowledged. She sauntered out. Food quality? Mine was good - albacore tuna, fresh tomato and lettuce, good bread. But Lays potato chips? c'mon... My daughter had "southwestern" turkey - the turkey was real, but she couldn't understand why it was called southwestern - we decided that must've been some kind of code for "raised in the southwest". Service? Abysmal. Not snooty. Just sort of nonexistent. I had wanted to sample dinner sometime. I still might, but now only out of a sense of obligation to downtown.Parking- they have a teensy private lot [this is a re-purposed building - this is it's first consumer retail use in at least 15 years]; parking used to be sufficient for business-to-business uses. There's some street parking available.
2	This place is pretty bad. The service is as others said non-existent. I would even say rude based on the couple times I've been in. *ive decided to ammend my review.. I just went in (only because Carlys was out of the fixings to make my fav sandwich) and was graciously greeted by a gentleman behind the counter. He brought out my food, commented on how good it looked, and said thank you. This passes as decent enough service although it sounded kind of fake. Regardless I added a star and send a kudos to the one employee who's actually trying.*The food is overpriced for what you receive, but they have interesting food combinations. It's pretty low class and cheesy that they give you a bag of Lays. Seriously? It seems the entire staff is pretty incompetent. I work nearby, and when they were just opening (and honestly a lot of people were really excited for the new lunch option) a girl from FG2G came to our office handing out menus and also said that neighbors of FG2G got a 10% discount. Its little stuff like that that gets people out of my office. I ordered some food for the first time a week later and was denied any special discount. I believe I was denied it by the owner as I think shes the one with a british accent? She acted like she had no idea what I was talking about. All in all, I just really dont like this place. I wish something else was occupying it's space. Even a mcdonalds would be a better experience.
4	This place just opened up down the street from my office and already it have become a favorite lunchtime place. The food is always fresh and the service is excellent. While the menu is not large, the food is tasty and well-prepared and the staff is very accommodating. Last week, I went to lunch with a gal from my office who was vegan and allergic to many other things, yet Edward took the time to find out what she needed and made her a special salad to fit her needs, which I thought was really nice.Just your standard salads and sandwiches, although the ingredients are high quality and super fresh. I've never had bad service here. I found the staff to be friendly and outgoing, and the food reasonably priced. I have yet to try their dinners, but have heard good things.
