5	Small store AMAZING customer service.  Everything you would hope for from a small local business is found in the place.  Super friendly owner that carries only the best products.  He walked me around and told me in great detail about every product that would be good for what I was looking for in a food for my dog.  You could tell he had been in the business for a long time and cared very much about the pets he was supplying.  There was no pressure to buy and no leading you towards the more expensive products, as they believe in every product they sell.I love the experience of shopping at local businesses and this place does not disappoint.  I will recommend this store to anyone I know who has a dog and will absolutely be returning myself.
5	I was SO IMPRESSED with Four Dogs Pet Supplies!! Impressed with their selection of healthy, top of the line pet products, as well as their stellar customer service! I called around town looking for Fromm's Large Breed Puppy Food without much luck - as the only carrier I knew was already closed for the day. When I found Four Dogs online and called them, not only did they have the product, but Betsy (one of the owners) stayed open 15 minutes past their closing time to ensure I was able to get the food for my puppy, Willow! When we got there, she was waiting with a treat for Willow, and had great information for me about the product I needed. She also provided us with a few samples for Willow to taste. It was such a pleasant shopping experience! I will absolutely recommend Four Dogs Pet Supplies to ALL of my friends with dogs, and I'll surely return myself! What a wonderful pet resource to have in Charlotte!!
5	Very inviting, well stocked store with knowledgeable, friendly, and helpful people.  You get such personalized service here.   It feels good even just to hang out for a bit after a purchase.  They have everything from healthy pet food to toys, collars, food bowls, leashes, pet art, and pet gifts.  Love it!
5	My two dogs love Four Dogs Pet Supplies. I've been in a few time and the staff couldn't be nicer.  I always enjoy having a conversation with the other customers too. The place is laid back, well stocked, and the customer service is second to none.  They have a fantastic supply of holistic and organic feeds for nearly every animal. The only place in town I have been able to find organic, local, soy and GMO free chicken feed. I special ordered a collar and leash for my dog. It came in quickly and I received a call each time.The place has a nice NODA style quirk about it and they even have local art on display and for sale. Do your pets a favor and check out Four Dogs soon.
5	Great Pet Store. We buy all of our dog and cat supplies there. Since they opened, we have been able to improve out pets diets, and Betty, our lab & Alex, our elderly cat love 4 Dogs! We are thrilled with the products they offer, and how healthy our pets look! In addition to a large selection of food and treats, they also have a selection of art. The owners have created a great place to buy pet stuff and they really know their products. And it is always fun to get to see the newest artist featured!
5	I was here a week or two ago and only have good things to say. The lady that helped me was great and tried to be extremely informative. She recommended multiple foods instead of just choosing the most expensive one and threw in a treat. She also informed me of the foods that have loyalty programs (I didn't know any dog foods had that!). I was going to start ordering my dog food online but I would rather go out of my way to get it from her. The ONLY thing I would have improved was the bone selection. They have a lot of treats and some composite-type bones but I didn't see any actual animal bones that are intended to last a little while. For instance, I normally buy the ones that look like knee caps at Petco because they'll last a week or so. But this is really just me nitpicking and the store is great.
4	I had the best experience here. I came here to look for a good dog food to switch my dog to. The owner was stocking when I came in and immediately stopped to greet me and talk to me about what I was looking for. My dog gets shy around new people and was scared of him at first so he gave him some treats to make him comfortable and get him to warm up, which he did. He then took me around the store describing each brand of dog food and it's benefits and ingredients to me. So helpful! He didn't try to push me on any of the insanely high priced brands either, he told me most of the cheaper ones would be just fine as well.They have a large selection of dog foods and dog treats that are actually good for your dog. And you can tell they really care! They also have some natural shampoos and treatments. The ONLY reason I'm not giving this place 5 stars is because in terms of accessories and toys I found the selection to be a little small. I wanted to get my dog stand up bowls and a mat to go underneath as well. They only had one stand up bowls to choose from and no mats. But I will definitely be back here for all my dogs food and treats!!! Great customer service!
