5	I rarely eat fast food, but I like this a lot. I love chicken fingers at bars, but skip out on fast food ones...it just doesnt taste of love, usually pre-made and has too much breading that gets too hard after frying and sitting in a heater box. Blah. I like that here its fresh- cooked to order and crispy, but not too heavy batter.I wish though they had some side options. I love chicken fingers and potato salad, but coleslaw, fries and toast with special sauce is good too...just sometimes I want to mix it up. Portions are pretty big. My BF and I usually get the 6 finger box (add 2 more fingers for us and our dog and cat go apeshit for this as soon as they smell it at the door so we keep extras for them to share) and it's plenty of food to fill us up. Sweet tea! I know its a pound of sugar in each batch but I love it.Best of all, open late! I dont have many fast food late options near home and this is one of the tastier, fresher fast foods out there.
5	I can't believe this was not introduced to me any sooner. I love these chicken fingers that is to die for. The cole slaw is bleh but the toast is delicious. I wish they toasted both sides that would make the bread even better.  My only complaint is that this is not closer to my house.
5	I have been to all the locations here in Las Vegas nd this one by far is the best one. Idk how or what they do to their food here but it's better.
4	I love it, fresh, crispy, and juicy, in a word delicious.  They are doing something right because the chicken is fried but it never comes across as greasy.  I don't know where to start describing the sauce they have but at first I was sad they didn't have BBQ but now I can't get enough of it, like a pepper cream sauce?  The menu is real simple and all they have are chicken strips and some sides but if thats what you want you won't find any better.  Oh ya there fries are like dell tacos but always hot and crispy and I love the texas toast.  If you didn't know you can swap out sides in the box combos no charge so sometimes  I'll swap out the cole slaw for a second toast but then I am full for days.All three locations I have been to have been the same and consistent.
3	I was sent on the long treck from the speedway to Raising Cane's as a emergency graving fix for my honey. Let me describe my Fat Man he is one of the pickest eaters I know so off I went hopeful it was as great as he said. Well the staff was very hyper could be good to some I was more annoyed then anything but hey if I worked somewhere with sweet tea I would be bouncing off walls to. So I order we get everything it's hot it's fresh but it was just ok there are 2 exceptions the sweet tea is Fabulous and there Texas Toast was the best ever and I'm not even a fan of Texas Toast! The chicken well it reminded me of chicken fingers from a hospital and the French fries where as someone previously said on par with Del Taco. But on the next occasion I get talked into going there I think I'll just gets sides. The chicken I can live without
4	Oh so finger licking good. The chicken strips are fried to perfection. I like the old fashioned crinkly fries as well. Cole slaw not bad, don't really get the piece of Texas Toast, but I say who cares, my tummy is satisfied. I've been trying to figure out what is in the secret sauce though: ketchup, mayonnaise, creole spice, black pepper to taste...?? Anyone know out there? Great Southern 'fast food' and friendly service.
3	This was my first visit to Cane's, and while I'm not really disappointed, I feel like a return trip isn't likely in the near future. My problems aren't with the restaurant itself, which is still clean and new, nor the employees, who were friendly enough and seemed relaxed. The problems come from unmet expectations.If you've seen their website, menu, or ads, you get the idea that the food is large, maybe even hefty. If you're anything like me, you expect a chicken tender to have a little weight to it. For the price, which isn't exactly low, you should be able to walk away full. Much to my surprise when I opened the box, it seems my meal had taken a trip past the shrinking ray. Everything, from the chicken to the fries, looked about half the size that it does in the photos. While I know promotional fast food ads always try to oversell the actual product, this was a striking difference.Imagine a chicken wing and you might get a clearer picture of what I've encountered here. They are teeny, man. Like kids meal teeny. Even the fries couldn't fill their section of the container. Taste-wise, the food's not bad at all. A little underwhelming, but still tasty enough. The sauce and cole slaw were pretty good too, but nothing I'd go crazy over. The fact that I finished the slaw is compliment enough, since cole slaw and I have been bitter rivals for decades. The Texas toast is just about perfect. Overall good, quality food. Just not enough of it. I also tried their lemonade, which would've been awesome if it weren't for the awfully strong metallic tap water taste overpowering the flavor.So yeah, good stuff. But I can literally go next door to In-N-Out where they will make the best burger I've ever had in my life for less money. I've had euphoric episodes over there. When it comes to chicken, you could do worse, but for my money I'll just drive to El Pollo Loco.
3	The billboard on the 15 Fwy plus EVERYONE saying they are addicted really hyped this place up for me. Yesterday I went for lunch. Its 9 miles from home so I was already thinking, This better be worth it! I ordered the 4 piece strip combo, with coleslaw, texas toast and fries and a medium drink. They boast giving military discounts, but after I showed ID and mentioned it, no discount on the receipt. Also I asked for extra sauce .29 cents. charge. The fries were crinkle cut, cafeteria style. Yuck. The coleslaw was ok, think KFC style. The strips were good, just strips....no seasoning or spicy or anything just crispy. They were good, juicy, meaty, but just...ehhhh. The bread was the BEST! Soooo good! My friend ordered the same thing. Got extra sauce for free, military discount and a large drink, no extra charge.......hmmm. Well, I'd go back if I was in the area, for strips and toast. :) For $8 bucks I was full but they need to make better fries, season the chicken and stick to their discounts!Sorry but Wingstop wins..
4	This is the place for a quick fix on a chicken addiction! Split the caniac box with someone you love today. Quick, tasty, simple, and easy. Yum.
3	I've heard a lot about Raising Cane's, so I decided to try it out for myself today for lunch.  I ordered the Chicken Sandwich Combo w/Fries & a Bottle of Water and I ordered two Chicken Strips on the side.Since I ordered it to dine in, they gave me a receipt and said they would bring it out to my table.  While I was waiting for my meal, I looked around and saw many customers enjoying their food.  I must be getting old because I felt like the music was way too loud in the restaurant.After a short wait the girl who took my order brought my food out.  I tried a few of the Fries first....they are the crinkled variety.....they were good, but not great.  Next I bit into the Chicken Sandwich.....***Caution, the Chicken is extremely hot***  I burned the hell out of my mouth with that first bite.....the Chicken must have come right out of the fryer.  Wow!  I couldn't taste anything because my taste buds were wiped off the face of the Earth!I munched on a few more Fries while I waited for the Chicken to cool down a bit.  After a few minutes I finished the rest of the Sandwich and thought it was good....but again, not great.  The Sauce in the Sandwich was the highlight.  The Chicken was just OK.....was kind of bland to me.  I then tried the 2 Chicken Strips I ordered on the side.....again, I thought they were kind of bland.  The quality of the Chicken was very good though.....nice, tender White Meat Chicken....just not enough flavor for my tastes.Will I return?  Probably not....it just didn't "Wow" me.
5	Best Chicken Tenders in the whole world.They have texas toast that is very buttery but sooo good!Their secret sauce, is the best! This is a super cut above any fast food joint in town.Kids love this place.My niece doesn't like to eat very much.  But one day we brought some home and she tried it and said, "what is this? this is really good"Sweet Tea might be too sweet for my taste, but it's sweet tea! Yummy!
5	Where the sauce is boss
5	I can't think of anything negative to say about Raising Cane's -- especially this one in Centennial.  I've always had great service there, it's always impeccably clean, and the chicken fingers are ohhh soooo yummy.  So is their delicious special sauce! Yummm.  I also love how they'll let you exchange your cole slaw for another piece of Texas Toast.  Aint nuthin wrong with that!  Heck, I even like their ice!I guess if I had to pick on ONE thing, it would be their fries... they could probably do a little better on those, but really.... I don't go to Cane's for their fries so I don't care too much.  I go for the chicken.  And they do that RIGHT.
5	Juicy, crispy, and deep fried chicken tenders. What's not to like? Love them, and plus they give military discount! BONUS!
5	Best Chicken Fingers in town
4	Great cause their drive thru is open late. Chicken fingers are pretty good for it being a fast food joint. I like that they don't serve ranch and they have their own secret dipping sauce. I gave it a fourth star because the drive thru guy made me laugh as i was ordering for a car full of friends he quoted "Dude where's my car?" and said "and then? oh no and then?" and that made all of us laugh. Good quick meal to end a chill night out.
5	The chicken fingers are awesome.  Combine it with the dipping sauce and you are good to go.
4	So surprised how great the service is at a fast food kinda joint. The place is nice and roomy and well decorated. Lots of stuff on the wall to read while you waiting on your food. And the Caniac, YUM! Perfect amount. Something about their dipping sauce... its good stuff.The sweet tea is too sweet for my taste, so I mix it with half unsweetened tea. Then I heard about the lemonade and wow, it was delish! Even when all the ice melted, well, while it was still cold, it was good.You better believe I will be back all the time :) And they got a drive thru.. perfect!
5	Alright, so this place has grown on me in a big way since my first visit, and I can safely say now that I'm happy to give them buckets of my money. While the size of the chicken isn't always consistent, it's been more hit than miss in the many visits I've had. Some pieces are small, some are decent. They generally average out. Given how delicious it is, I guess anything less than big feels like a shortage. And that sauce. Whoever put that stuff together is no joke. Back in the day it used to burn a layer off the roof of my mouth. Now I practically drink it. And then clean the little cup out with my fries. Those are some bomb fries.And I always, always look forward to that Texas toast they put in there. I don't care how many carbs are in one box, I get an extra slice. Stuff is perfect. Everything goes together seamlessly and the satisfaction I have after demolishing a Caniac combo is like sex. I was a damn fool to ever give this place three stars, but given that my first experience was inferior to every single one after that, I can understand where I was coming from. Now this place is in my regular rotation and will continue to be until I've moved to a city that doesn't have it. And I will weep, for my chicken finger needs cannot be conquered.
5	Nothing is more perfect than Raising Cane's and this is my favorite one in Las Vegas with the best service.The Perfect Chicken strip thick and juicy, the unreal sauce, toast and great fries. But you cannot forget the sweeeet tea!! So unreal! This meal is easily in my top 5 and maybe even a death row request!
4	The chicken is so tender on the inside and nice and crispy on the outside! I like the light breading that isn't the usual heavy fried chicken batter and when you dip it in their dipping sauce, it is outta this world! The crinkle cut fries are okay, the cole slaw is delicious and the garlic bread is usually something my kids steal from my plate since the kids meals don't come with it. My only gripe about this place is the price. For me to feed my family of four I usually spend upwards of $25 which is a little steep for a fast food joint. The fact that they have sweet tea makes up a little for that. This is a nice change of pace from other fast food restaurants so I'll keep it in my rotation.
1	It only takes one bad experience, food poisoning in 2011... it was more painful than the time I ate tacos from a street vendor taco stand in Queretaro Mexico.I did eat there a couple times with no ill effects, and never had problems with Cains on the other side of town.
5	DUDE!!!!!!!  I grew up in the South so as such I have become like a fried chicken connoisseur and I must say that Raising Cane's is the first and last stop in vegas for awesome fried chicken.  The chicken is always juicy, the breading is simply perfect.  It doesn't have they frozen, institutional taste to it like you get at a Popeye's or KFC.  The Cane's Sauce I'm pretty sure has crack in it as I can't stop eating and most likely have woken up in cold sweets in the middle of the night craving Cane's sauce (ok ok just kidding but it is darn good).  Go here, seriously, or you hate happiness, puppy dogs, and rainbows.
3	So today we needed a quick dinner before meetings at our kids schools. Cane's has long been my wife's favorite fast food. The main reason I really like this place is that they only do one thing. Chicken. And in my opinion they do it very well. The chicken is always served hot and fresh. Wasn't crazy big on the crinkle-cut fries, but they were also served fresh and hot. So anyways, when in the market for good, fresh and hot fast food I would certainly head back to this restaurant.
4	Canes proves that its not the size of the chicken finger, its what they do with it that counts. haha Great chicken fingers, great bread, great service, great sauce, fries are soso. High school football teams, cheer teams and dance teams from Arbor View, Centennial and Shadow Ridge usually stop by before or after a game - so you know this place has good food !!  Also, very interesting Chuck Norris facts on the wall. - Chuck Norris is so fast he can run around the world and punch himself in the back of the head. - When Chuck Norris does a push up, he doesnt lift himself up, he pushes the Earth down. haha & ha. Eat Here! Chuck Norris says so!
5	favorite chicken finger place ever.... cane sauce and texas toast are amazing. always eat here everytime i go to vegas
4	Love the chicken fingers. The Canes sauce is awesome and addictive. The Texas toast is delicious. I don't like the Cole slaw so I get more toast instead. The lemonade is great.
1	Ok, so after hearing so much about this place & checking the reviews, my family and I finally got a chance to check this place out tonight...The drive thru-line was packed & so was the inside. I thought, this place must be great...We got two boxes of The Caniac which included: Cole slaw, Tx Toast, Fries, & 6 chicken fingers...We also got the Sweet tea...My verdict: Bland, Bland, Bland...Wow...I cannot believe how season-less this chicken was...Almost like they just threw it in the fryer...We've had better strips at Chili's...Fries: I love crinkle fries but these had no taste whatsoever...The cole slaw was just plain disguisting...Tasted stale. The Sweet tea & Tx Toast was the best thing in the combo...We drove pretty darn far to get to this place & now I'm pissed that I wasted my gas. Kids ate it but only because they were starving. My daughter said it was ehhh ok....Oh, almost forgot about the sauce which people said they couldnt live without. We even bought extras for $.31 cent a piece...Totally not good. Right now, I'm eating these chicken fingers with ketchup and threw a bunch of season on our fries when we got home...Maybe the other locations are better....
2	Honestly, I thought that the only good thing about Canes was the Sweet Tea and the Texas Toast....and really, how can you mess up tea and toast? I thought that the rest of the meal was lackluster and overpriced.The chicken fingers were TINY, and virtually everything was woefully lacking in seasonings. *yawns*
2	I've been to this canes many times. Of course the sauce is the boss and the slaw is the law. But should the hair be there? I've found small hairs in the bottom of my caniac a few times before. Not a big deal seeing as how I already finished eating. But when your 2 fingers in on a delicious caniac and you take a bite and look at the chicken that you took a bite off of and see an inch and a half, curly, black, shiny hair wrapped around the remains of your chicken finger, you get a little disgusted. It seems as if someone took the time to do the tedious job of wrapping the hair around the chicken finger. They might as well have tied a bow in it to make it look pretty. When I brought my caniac to the counter, I said can I have a new caniac, this one has a big hair in it. (I was showing somewhat of a grin like it was a funny coincidence or a fluke) the employees just looked at me for about 5 seconds without responding so I said "thank you" and walked back to my seat and left my meal on the counter. I'm not the rude type but when I get stared at like I'm retarded for not eating some curly pube on my chicken finger I get a little aggravated. The manager was nice enough to walk my new caniac to my table and apologized for the inconvenience. I found that the manager handled the situation correctly but the employees did not, seeing as how i got stared down for not gorging on their delicious pubes. If you expect a little extra with your meal, then I suggest this raising canes. It's an unwritten rule that every other customer gets a free strand of black floss in their meal. lost the love for my canes...
2	Food was good, but the service ruined it for me. I dont know if the young woman who helped me at the drive through was having a bad day, but she was rude and basically threw my food at me. I do not feel like going there again anytime soon.
4	After a day of travel and tiling the hallway, Dad was hungry and wanted something filling. Cane's answered that call. Cane's fried chicken is awesomely delicious. The menu is very simple, you have you choice of 3 - 6 chicken strips, with fries, bread, maybe coleslaw. And lets not forget there dipping sauce.So dad got the 6 piece, i got the 3. I'm not a huge fan of the dipping sauce, but Dad ate it like it was going out of style. I'm not really sure how to compare it. Its a little sweet, little spicy, not quite bbq sauce. It looks like white gravy, but so did not taste like it. Maybe thats why I had a distaste for it.The chicken and fries themselves were delicious. The bread was on point, but my meal was a little large. Next time i might just get the kids meal. Dad ate his whole meal, but then again, he was waiting on me to land before he ate.
5	There chicken is good and seasoned well.  The food always comes out fresh and hot.  We love there dipping sauce as well.  We got a 3 piece chicken box and a 4 piece chicken box for under $14; can't complain about that.  We have been to the one on Centennial parkway frequently and have never been disappointed.  The staff is always friendly and on top of keeping the dinning room clean.  Even tho they are almost always busy I never have to wait very long for food.
4	This location is almost always busy but the service is quick! Their employees are always on top of their game. From point of order to receipt of food is very fast, food quality is always good, I don't think i've ever gotten warm or cold food here, always comes out piping hot. Do yourself a favor and get some cane's sauce to dip your fingers/fries in...that stuff is the business. And if you're a fan of sweet tea, Cane's is the best outside of the south. And they also offer military discount with ID but only on combo's.
5	They're personable, fast and food is so delicious. A little bit more expensive then your average fast food joint, but the quality and freshness makes it worth it in the long run. Normally it's filled with teenagers, or a few family's, nice hang out spot. Music and friends, what's better than that?
2	In high school I was a die-hard raising canes fan. Going there littereally 6 times a week. Every worker knew my name, and were all very friendly. This was about the time that Rachel, her step brother, and  Yesssenia worked there. Recently in the past year or so, ive cut down my trips to maybe once a month. This is because the staff NEVER gets my order right. If your gunna charge me 33 cents a sauce and $8.90 for a caniac, can you please check if everythings there.  I would say 1 out of every 3 times i visit raising canes now, I find hair in my food. I find hair in my food at RC more than at any other food establishment. The manager needs to step their game up because they are ruining a once great place.
5	One of the best chicken places around..... Staff is pretty friendly and they get your order right! The chicken always comes out piping Hot and juicy -- I've never had a piece of dry chicken at Raising Canes, I really wish we had one in LA, you know how much business they would have here?!Raising Cane's chicken is deliciously seasoned, their fries are great and the Texas Toast is amazing, it seems like they are always busy so the food is always made fresh.Oh don't forget their dipping sauce, to me it tastes like a smokey Chipotle sauce with Ranch? Very delicious! Very Clean restaurant and cool photos/decor.
5	YOU WILL NEVER KNOW WHAT REAL CHCIKEN FINGERS ARE UNTIL YOU GO HERE!They cook their chicken from scratch meaning its not frozen! You might say all these guys do is chicken fingers. Well, they do have a chicken sandwich! Bottom line is that their menu is simple and that's why they do it so well!For you first timers the Box Combo is the perfect choice. You get 4 chicken fingers, texas toast, cole slaw, fries, and a regular drink.Important things you need to  know: Each combo comes with at least one "special Cane's sauce" that goes good with everything! Well, maybe not the cole slaw but if that floats your boat, then go for it!. Also, if you don't like the cole slaw, you can trade it in for extra fries or extra bread at no additional charge! How awesome is that? You can also request for them to toast both sides of the bread for more flavor! You can ask for hot sauce and they will give you packets of Louisiana hot sauce. And last but not least, their sweet tea is one of the best I have had in a while. Oh, and make sure you sign up for the Cane's card. Its free and you get cool stuff like free food and discounts. I have yet to have bad service at any of their locations! Bathrooms are spacious and kept very clean. For more info you can check out their website: www.raisingcanes.com
5	Awesome!This place has a simple menu and as a result, it's very good at what it does. very very good chicken strips, texas toast, fries, and cole slaw. The "Cane's sauce" is amazing. Always really high quality food and great customer service. The fries are just ok, but I'm very very picky about french fries. Highly recommended.
4	I really wanted to love this place and give them 5 stars, but it was hard because I was a bit disappointed. I gave Cane's 4 stars for their service, cleaniness, and because they have the best fast food chicken tenders in Las Vegas.  Another reason for the 4 stars is because I can't find a Chick fil A around me. So, this place will have to do. What I've Tried:-The Box:  4 Chicken Fingers, Texas Bread, and Fries:  Fries were dry and the chicken fingers were greasy.  Atleast the chicken fingers were real chicken breast cuts and cooked fresh.  The Texas Bread was actually the highlight.-Chicken Sandwich:  Pretty good, but still with greasy chicken fingers.  This was basically the chicken fingers inside a bun.  -The Sauce:  Another highlightReally wanted to love this place, especially since fellow yelpers and friends swear by them. All this place really did for me was crave Chick fil A even more.  Don't get me wrong, the chicken fingers were pretty good.  Just not good enough for me to give it 5 stars. My other issue is their menu.  Not much more than just a Chicken Sandwich and Chicken Fingers.  At least Chick fil A offers wraps and breakfast. Maybe this place has a special menu like IN-N-Out.  I suggest they create a Texas Bread Chicken Sandwich.  Now that would be good.
5	Awesome chicken Justin!!!
4	When I ate meat, I would go here for juicy chicken fingers and addicting cajun special sauce. The fries are alright, nothing to drool about, but dip them in the sauce and they become your best friend. Prices are ok, but if you want extra sauce, you have to pay for it :(Best thing about this place? Bring your DOG through the drive through, and they will give it a treat!
4	Great chicken tenders
4	Arguably the best fast food place in town.
4	Start your review...food to be mediocre. I was pleasantly surprised when I tasted freshly cooked chicken and fries. The staff did not cut any corners even though it was close to closing time.The girl who took my order was very friendly, however after she took my order she close the window and stated something at which time several other staff members came to the window to stare at me. I don't know if it was because I was in an unmarked security patrol car or it was because I was in uniform but I was a little uneasy about that. Once I receive my food I felt I needed to double check it to make sure nothing had been done intentionally to my food. Nothing had been done and the food was awesome but the demeanor of the staff detracted from my experience at this specific location.I would suggest this place only for persons not in uniform or working as many times we are targets of misplaced aggression of cooks and other personnel. That being said if I was not in uniform or driving a patrol car I would definitely return to this location. The food was awesome and on its own warrants my return.
4	Good junk food with awesome sweet tea.  The service is fast, the staff is friendly, and the food is always good.
3	Toooasstttttt.....Drive up to the drive-thru like what up I want a chicken box. With some extra toast. Toooasstt!Here I was all excited, about the toast and all, and I pull up to the first window to pay and the cashier Sarah (I'm assuming it's Sarah cause, surprise, they put the name on the receipts) is snotty towards me. Ugh, what did I do to you chick, I just wanted some extra toast! She goes to hand me back my card without saying a word to me, but see's a coworker/friend on the other side of the parking lot and feels the need to shout REALLY LOUD to him, like "bye"or some shit. So in the mist of that she drops my card and just turns around to close the window. UH OK. Maybe if you didn't have those hideously obvious, fakeass colored-contact lenses in, you'd be able to see what the fuck you were doing and not drop my shit without so much an apology. You asshat.Got to the other window, got my delicious food with my fucking extra toast that I fucking really wanted and was like fuck yes, and drove off. Food wise, the chicken is good but if you're looking for a crispy country-fried version, this definitely ain't it, and the toast is obviously the best thing on the planet. The only thing I hate about this place is the french fries. They're those little wiggly, scrunchie shaped ones that remind me of the frozen shit they served in my elementary cafeteria. Blek. Toast is the best though for sure, and the only reason I even bother coming to this place.You know I fucking love the toast if I'm dealing with little shithead teens to get it. YOOOOooooo
5	I first heard of raising canes from a friend who insisted of it being delicious. Menu wise isn't much too choose from but who cares lol it's chicken fingers. Who wouldn't love it lol! Prolly one of the best chicken fingers ever tasted.
4	I really enjoy the plump juicy fingers here! The dipping sauce makes my mouth water.  Yes the fries are not all that great, usually pretty soggy and limp but as Colleen mentioned, if you dip them into the sauce you'll forget about the fact that the fries are limp.  They honestly don't give you enough dipping sauce, I could drink it from the serving cup HA HA.
4	RC's always hits the spot.  It's one of the only fast food joints I hit, but it's the "bossy sauce" that makes it work!I doubt I need to describe the food to you, and if you have never been here before, just imagine juicy chicken strips, yummy fries and toast, and a great sauce that goes well with everything.Not much more to say...it was clean and the service was friendly.  Just come eat lol
4	It may sound weird to have a Rewards Card to a fast food joint but this place is the best. Special Sauce, Texas Toast, and America's favorite fried chicken! Why not have a rewards card when you know you'll come back when you're feeling hungry and lazy!
4	A very good fast food chicken fingers joint.  Their very good chicken fingers are moist, not dry.  Good dipping sauce.  Their fries and bread are average to above average.  I don't prefer cole slaw, so I don't rate that part of their combo.  A must try restaurant.
4	Raising Canes is the biz, seriously!  I'm not even really found of chicken strips but the ones here are pretty good.  The chicken they use and the way the make it is excellent.  On top of that is their Canes sauce that compliments the chicken well.  The fries are forgettable in my opinion.  I actually see the fries as their major downfall.  Just reminds me of Ore Ida homecooked fries.  The Texas toast is pretty good and goes great with the chicken.  The coleslaw too is great.  As you can tell, I ordered a Caniac Combo that had 6 pieces of chicken strips, fries, Texas toast, and coleslaw.They've also got their ice down, similar to what Sonic's did.  Only downfall is that they put too much ice leaving you with very little soda.  Can you please open up some locations in Southern Cal?  That would be GREAT.
3	Raising Canes is usually what I call fail safe food. It's really hard to mess up chicken fingers with a big cup of lemonade or sweet tea. And their "Box" combo with Texas toast, cole slaw, fries and 4 strips is priced right too. But all that being said this Cane's location found a way to serve some of the soggiest, saddest fries you can find in Vegas. While the chicken fingers were hot and the Cane's sauce was cold as it should be, the soggy fries left everyone disappointed today. 3 Stars.Sorry but the fries just didn't get it done.
4	One of the best fast food chicken joints I've ever been to and this location is no exception. The only problem with this location is that it gets really packed around dinner time, especially on the weekends. You food is made to order and always comes out hot and fresh. If the food wasn't so bad for you I'd be coming here more!
5	Excellent customer service and clean, bright dining room makes me happy. As does crispy chicken, yummy fries, and tasty bread! Cane's has all of these things.This particular location is situated among a bunch of other fast/sit-down dining options off of a shopping center by Centennial and the 2-15. The place is busy and Cane's was busy, even when my husband and I stepped in a little after 9 PM. This Cane's is open until 1:30 AM. Pretty good place if you have a late night fried chicken craving.What I like best about Cane's is their customer service. Employees are nice to customers and that makes the ordering process better than most fast-food places. Also, in case you were not aware, Cane's gives a discount to military and military dependents. You will need both your ID and your spouse's ID to get two discounts per combo meal, but it is worth it! With two discounts I saved over $2 on mine and my husband's food.The combo meals we received were great. Nicely fried chicken strips, not greasy, fries, also not greasy. Came out with the much needed Cane's sauce (for me anyway). And of course, the mandatory chunk of bread. I'm not a huge fan of the bread, but it's all right.Overall I would return to this locaiton when I am back in this part of town.
5	We have been 100% happy every time we have eaten here. It is always fresh and hot! The chicken is so juicy, the fries are awesome, and the toast is wicked good!We love the 3 and 4 box combos and have had them many times.We will definitely continue to be regulars!
5	This place is really clean and the service is got to be one of the best around.  Fried chicken is different in a good way.  It is flavorful but not heavy.  The fries, cole slaw, and Texas toast that accompanies the meal are all very good.  They have sweet tea and ice tea.  Again, very good flavor for both.  They have a sauce that compliments their chicken and fries.
3	Their food is ok. I mean it's just fried chicken strips bum not going to lie its good but nothing to rave about.   Their customer service is too notch though. It comes with a piece of toast. I wished that it would have garlic butter on it. If it did then I may have to give it another star.
5	Always had a good meal. We eat their two or three times a month. I am very picky and they have yet to let me down
4	After recently moving to Las Vegas from CA, I was excited to find a raising canes since they don't have them in CA. The chicken strips are sooo good, I've been to this location a few times and the food has been fresh every time. The fries are so-so but the chicken strips make up for it. The only thing preventing the 5th star is that I really don't like the canes sauce - and I asked that it not be put in the box...not only was it in the box but it popped open and was all over the fries and some of the chicken.
2	Had dinner here last night. The music is so loud the employees can't hear you. Throw the confetti they mess my order up. I was trying to be my polite self but the manager kept yelling I can't hear u the music is so loud. I started to say here is a hint turn it don't so I don't have to yell. This is a favorite lil chicken junt of mine. But I will take my food to go thank you. The tables were dirty. The floors were dirty. Why does the manager allow staff to use a dirty black mop. Ewww! Just spreading germs all about the restaurant.  Makes me wonder how they sanitize the kitchen. If they find it acceptable to mop the dining room with such a germ filled mop. I give them two Stars and I will go back just once more to see how I like it. If I don't like it they have other locations.
5	Absolutely love this place! Food is awesome and the service is even better! They bring out your food and will come by and throw it away when you are done! The ice is phenomenal (little nuggets you can chew on). I can't say enough about this place. I wish I could buy a franchise!
5	I will be honest I am a HUGE fan of Fried Chicken in most any form. Typically I am a dark meat type of girl but Raising Cane's has DELICIOUS batter and quality chicken. This was my first time at this location and everyone here was super friendly and they are on point as far as making sure food arrives in a timely fashion. The food speaks for itself but this is my favorite canes thus far because of the quality service and friendly smiles and fast delivery of the yummy food.  DONT forget to try the cane sauce but if you aren't a fan you can always get some yummy honey mustard!
5	I LOVE it! First "fast food" type place that has quality Texas toast. I'm a chicken tender lover and a picky eater but I loved it here. Simple, good prices, great signature sauce, great hours, great staff. 5/5. :)
5	BEST.FOOD.EVER! And the sweet tea is to die for!! My fav! You can be sure your food is always hot, the staff is in point and friendly, and the tea is refreshing! You will not be disappointed.
3	I like chicken fingers and that's a good thing, because that's pretty much all they sell here. When you pretty much only sell one product you better be good at it, and I felt they were. The breading on the chicken was of a medium thickness I would say. You can either use their house made sauce or they have honey mustard. I do wish they had a sauce bar where you could choose from lots of different sauces. Fries were OK, but nothing special. They also have coleslaw, but I opted for extra fries in place of the coleslaw. In addition to soda, they do also offer both tea and sweet tea. I wish we had one of these back home as my boys would love it.
5	Good chicken strips & I love the sweet tea!!They support local charities & school/college teams too!!
5	Seriously for fast food you have to give this place a five. This simple menu with the chicken fingers and the spicy sauce and the bread and the crinkle fries it's just amazing down to the ice they put in their soda which is chewy ice it's just really good
4	I love their sauce and will gladly trade fries and bread for extra sauce. :)On our most recent visit, employee Kenton was SO patient and professional in explaining how we could get the most chicken for our $$.  Little things like that is what will keep me a loyal customer.
5	This particular location seems larger than the ones I'm used to. :) You can never go wrong with Cane's especially for the great combos, sweet tea & their decent prices.
2	Went to Canes today and experienced a really bad situation.  I would assume cleaning tables and chairs would  be a policy.  We ordered our food and went to sit down towards a very dirty table and booth. I asked to have the table and booth cleaned and had a really rude young girl come over with a really bad attitude ask " what's the problem ". OMG are you serious I am a firm believer that cleanliness is a priority especially when it comes to place of food. I am also a believer if you don't like your job then go somewhere else. This young lady obviously does not like her job. After complaining to the manager this still didn't make my visit pleasant.
5	The only chicken place I had really been to around this area was Popeyes. A friend took me here the other day and wow. The food is great. I ordered the caniac, it was so much food for 9 dollars! The fact that you can also substitute the cole slaw for another piece of the amazing Texas toast is awesome. The fries are also really good! I will be making a return to this location, the workers were really friendly and I think next time I'll get the 4 piece instead of 6 haha. :)
4	I have been to this location many times. Come to think of it, this may be the only Cane's location I have been to. We decided on Cane's prior to leaving the house and drove by a few other food joints to get there.  The line at the drive-thru was long, but we were determined and before you knew it, we were boxed in and couldn't  bail out if we wanted too anyway. The line went surprisingly quick and the order was spot on, even down to the extra Cane's sauce. Everything was what you would expect from Cane's. The bread was hot and fresh as were the fingers and fries. The iced tea was refreshing, both sweet and unsweetened, and the ice is some of the coolest around.
4	Ordered the three finger combo. The chicken was soft and juicy. The Oreda-type fries were crispy. The Texas toast was good. The Cane dipping sauce was very delicious. The service was fast and friendly. Will come back again.
5	Very good food, always hot.  It seems today you have to get used to "warm" food, not here, the food is always "HOT".  I recommend this place for a good, quick bite
3	The sauce is boss. It's like a peppery ketchup and it's pretty tasty. Cane's serves chicken fingers and chicken fingers ONLY, so if you don't like chicken, don't come! I usually get the box combo, it comes with 4 chicken strips, fries, coleslaw and texas toast. I don't really care for the slaw, so I substitute for extra fries. Cane's will let you sub anything you don't like for anything else that you do like so its a win-win for everyone! One thing to note is they do NOT have ranch for a dipping sauce so don't bother asking. They do however have honey mustard, ketchup and of course cane's sauce. Also they have super good sweet tea to wash it all down.
2	This is the first time I have had the worst service at Cane's!!! We go to Cane's one or two time a month. We love the place. The employee are always up beat, good service!!! NOT THIS TIME!!! The drive thru was so long so i went in side. Was that the worst mistake I did. The girl (Monique 293, 12/1/14 7:05pm) that took my order acted like she did not want to be there ( all the employee acted that way), rude, got my order wrong, did not ask me anything ( if i want Lemonade), (I usually go through the drive thru) i had a Buy a box and get free box combo on my Cane's card. I order a Box and a Caniac Combo. I thought i could order a Caniac and a Box because Caniac is more money. Not this case! She called the manager over to fix it and she told him wrong thing about the order. So I paid for two combos and got the Box combo for free. I only needed two combs. The manger also acted like I was putting him out to fix the order. Then i went to get the drinks, there was no lemonade so the manager was at the counter i ask if i could get a lemonade, he said to me that is usually it a up charge, he gave it to me any ways. I could not wait to get out of there i was so upset! BAD CANE BAD BOY!!!! I think you need to do some new training with your employees.
1	Went through the drive thru and ordered a few things. When I got home they were missing a caniac order. Went all the way back and they treated me like I was lying. I have a lot of money, and drive a nice car, I don't give a damn about ripping you off for 8 dollars LOL. Blonde "manager" young girl gave the worst service. If I wasn't hungry, I would've slapped that bimbo. In the end, I forced them to remake my whole order (I did eat some of the first order suckers), and got drinks. Bunch of idiot teenager kids that work there and run the place. Too bad.
5	I must admit. I use to sleep on Cane's. Now I have awaken and can't believe that I lived in Vegas for so long and wasn't eaton on these juicy chicken strips! There's really not much to say that others haven't said already. The menu is very simple. Chicken strips, fries, Texas toast, and coleslaw. The "sauce" is hecka good. It's like a spicy thousand island dressing. Smooth all of this down with a good ol sweet tea. Blissfulness.
5	You can never go wrong with the box combo.  The chicken is always delicious, crispy yet tender.  Great flavor and oh - my - genius their iced tea is the business!
4	Try this joint the first time after a recommendation from Lil B and my taste buds were amazed. I had the 3 fingers includes chicken strips, fries and Texas toast omg unbelievable the special sauce is impeccable. The lemonade was delightful hand squeezed however only negative is the container the special sauce comes is too small. Other than that I will be making a visit on the way back to California.
4	Cleanliness: 3 StarsThe front of the restaurant looks like the rest of it, everything was completely cluttered. For the volume this place and being a chain resturant the amount of people this place sees on any given morning I am disappointed by the food storage and prep areas..Hospitality: 4 starsThe staff was smiling and greeted me with a welcome. Friendly and repeating of my order with a smile.Food: 5 StarsThe portions are large and made fresh to order. All our meals were hot and came accurate.Overall:This place is great for a "quick" meal and more affordable than a traditional sit down restaurant.
5	This location, like the others i have visited, was a pleasant experience. the staff was friendly, my order did not take too long, the food was hot and delicious. cane's fingers are on another level of greatness.
5	About 3 bad experiences out of about 60 visits. No coronary issues yet, but then I do get the coleslaw and pass on the texas toast, its seems to be the only part of a combo that causes any indigestion issues. Might have something to do with plastifiers or something, cause everything else seems to be mighty fresh. Makes you wonder how there is any business for Kinda Flavorless Chickens in the nearby vicinity but I guess the power of coupons holds a significant influence over the weak willed and of impacted taste buds.
