3	I had an early dinner here tonight of Fish and Chips.  This is a standard Las Vegas old school coffee shop.  Service was quick and very friendly.Food was good - not great but tasty and good portion size.  The price was good.  I'll be back when I'm in the area,
4	For years my mom has been inviting us to eat at this cafe (the other place she gets to use her points to cover the meal), and I always thought that the casino was primo ghetto (well, my ex worked here a while ago, and when I picked him up, there was a homeless man walking around in the casino, wearing a dirty blanket- so those memories were permanently implanted in my head). The parking garage elevator takes you right down to the small casino floor (always seems busy- and you know this, because the parking garage was kinda crowded too).  What I like about this, is the fact that it's such a short walk to the cafe (from the elevator). The hostess is very nice and she's got a sense of humor, too. The friendly servers are very good. Chinese Food (highest dish being $9.95) only served at dinner- surprisingly good (not usually good at casinos or buffets in casinos, for that matter). This time we came for lunch- we both ordered the shrimp fajitas- a hot sizzling plate with the big shrimp (nice pleasant surprise), peppers, and onions, tortillas rolled in foil, another plate with the sour cream, guacamole, beans and rice for $10.95- excellent! Of course, we brought home leftovers. I love fajitas. My mom had the chicken fajitas. The chicken fingers for $6.25 only had four fingers- that was a bit overpriced. The milkshake was $3.50 but I don't remember the size- my nephew ordered it. I don't remember what else everyone (my family) ordered. Big Menu offering breakfast, appetizers, salads, sandwiches, burgers, entrees, and dessert. A classic case of "Don't judge a book by its cover."
1	I had a simple breakfast of ham and eggs.  I think there may have been a dude in the back room butchering a pig, and the hens were laying their eggs in a chicken coop.  Well at least that's what i hope happened because that is the only explanation of why shit took so long to come out to us.Service was hilariously bad.  We sat at this table for well over an hour waiting waiting and waiting.Food was mediocre at best, would have tasted better if it wasn't sitting under a heat lamp for 20 minutes also if it was served with a smile.I rather get a shrimp cocktail at the Golden Gate and spend the rest at the Blackjack table.
3	Ate here yesterday for dinner with a friend because we did not want to spend a whole lot on food. I ordered the ribeye tasted to order and my friend ordered the special that day which was a roasted piece of chicken. The chicken was a huge portion for the price paid.They do also have a Chinese menu but we will save that for another time.
3	This isn't a place I'd ever walk into on my own, and probably wont be back. My roommies grandma likes to gamble here so I brought her after the farmers market across the street. The staff was exceptionally nice, friendly and quick. Our server Luba was handling several tables but was still on top of things the whole time. Our busser Perfecto was also exceedingly friendly and drew me into a conversation about Hawaii.  His daughter lives there and guess he could tell I was from Hawaii somehow. So 5 stars for service!1 star for the food. I halfed a pastrami on rye w grandma - bread was pretty stale, pastrami was REALLY salty and as you can see doesn't even look appetizing. Shoestring fries were great - fresh, super crispy and perfectly salted. Grandma was pretty happy with the short stack of pancakes she ordered at least. Only plus is that the diet Pepsi didn't taste funky like fountain diet soda so often does. And my new friend perfecto brought me a brand new glass when I asked for a refill. Only strike against service is that when I paid the cashier on the way out, she stopped to rub her eye for 30 sec then proceeded to grab the coins for my change with the same fingers! Pretty gross so I threw away the loose change without touching it. Luckily she had the bills in her other hand. The cafe was pretty full and the other customers looked satisfied. I'm sure they do a decent breakfast so I'd probably recommend it if you're in the area anyway. I may have ordered the wrong thing, but the great service really made up for a lot.
3	As Jabba the Hutt would say, ".this is my kind of scum."  This place is old skanky Vegas, in a good way.  Yeah, the higher end casino's on the strip are nice obviously, even a millionaire can't afford everything Vegas has to offer.  But there are some places for the rest of us that give a good cheap meal, that harken back to the days when things were ran a bit differant in Vegas.  This is one of those places, you can get a meal that probably hasn't changed in the last 40 years.  I myself took the Vegas Weekly recommendation for the Matzah Ball soup and I was not dissappointed.  Top off with a piece of lemon meringue pie...  I even sat on a bench waiting for my vehicle and sat with an old lady and had a nice chat.
3	Good basic diner type food. I was here for breakfast and arrived at about five minutes before 7AM. I was seated after a minor delay and was given a one sheet menu that had pretty limited choices. It looked like it was the overnight menu. I had read good things about the breakfast here and I wanted a few more choices. I asked the waitress what time the full menu was available. She was a bit put out and said that the full menu was available at 7AM and she guessed I could order from that menu. SIgh, at this point it's probably already after 7AM.I had an ham & cheese omelet with their breakfast potatoes. The breakfast was cooked correctly and the potatoes were actually quite tasty.The service is definitely mediocre but the food was pretty good and the prices aren't bad. Remember to wait until after 7AM if you want more than two eggs for breakfast though.
5	Great food, fast friendly service, good prices. Ate here for breakfast and dinner same day. Prime rib was awesome. Will be back every time we visit.
5	Best place in Vegas to grab a quick bite with high quality food and service. They'll even roll a cart out to you if you order from someplace else in the casino. To date, they have the absolute best tuna melt I've ever had. And prices are unbelievably low for what you get.
5	Amazing food and customer service! Best meal we had in Vegas..ate for $15 for 2, portions were great...can't find those prices or quality of food on strip...home cooked meal
4	We were staying at the El Cortez hotel, and I woke up in the middle of the night very hungry. It's like 4am so I wasn't willing to go far to get something to eat. I want something right away! My stomach hurt so badly with the hunger so I went down to this cafe downstairs to grab a bite. I got the New York steak and egg. I asked for medium well on the stead and over-hard on the egg. The food came out clean and nicely done in the way I requested. Maybe I was super hungry, the egg was just so good (it's basically just egg). They didn't over-cook or under-cook the steak. And the meat quality was good (well of course not as good as what you can get at a steakhouse, but as good as what I can make at home). In general, the food was as good as a good home cooking meal, and I was able to calm my stomach after eating. Then I went back to my room and sleep again. It's very convenient and the food wasn't expensive. I am glad I didn't have to go outside of the hotel to get cheap decent food at late night while staying at El Cortez.I give Cafe Cortez 4 stars for a late late night option. I am not comparing this to fine dining places.
4	Turkey club for lunch using the $5 discount Binions fun book coupon. I made the wrong bread choice of rye trying to be cool and different, but they use real fresh roasted turkey breast and the bacon is crisp on the sandwich. They also feature the thinnest fries i have ever eaten. Great deal for 7.95 minus 5 bucks, but i would pay full price next time and switch bread and go for the potato salad which the old guy next to me had ordered. As a matter of fact, i think this is where most old man and ladies end up eating when they are alone and over 70. On this day, i felt their pain and silently we enjoyed our meals in our own little world.
3	Food is pretty good here. Standard 24 hour cafe food but it's done well. The only thing is the service. It was pretty bad and took a while to get our food. The servers have their own section and don't really pay attention to you too much between taking your order and bringing your food. Other than service though food is good.
3	Good service. Good food. It's better then going to any of the buffet's down there or McDonalds. Lol. My dad gets all his meals comped, but regardless the prices are really affordable and the food isn't sloppy so that is a PLUS. Shoe string fries are a must! And breakfast is probably my favorite time to eat here. :)
3	I just got a salad here. It was excellent!
4	What a surprise!  Definitely a good, inexpensive dinner at the Cafe Cortez!  Last night we decided to go have the prime rib they had been advertising in the paper recently.  Actually, there are two sizes of prime rib available in the cafe.  8oz for $7.95 and 12oz for $11.95.  Believe me the 8oz was plenty for me and I brought some home.  My baked potato was awesome because it was so "crispy" on the outside.  Makes for great potato skin eating - with butter of course!  My husband had the dinner special of beef stroganoff.  It was very, very good and had big mushrooms in it!  All-in-all our dinner was very good and we will definitely be back.!
3	the place is decent, it's in a casino but it doesn't smell like smoke so that's a major plus. had the $7.95 prime rib and it was pretty good :) the only thing that i would have to say was a negative is that they are really busy and don't have many waitresses staffed and you can clearly tell that the waitresses needed help and were totally stressed but overall good experience :)
3	It's nothing fancy, but Cafe Cortez does serve up a great burger!  Although I had stayed in the hotel for a couple of nights, I didn't pay attention to the cafe until my co-workers and I were looking for a lunch spot one day and saw their sign on the sidewalk for $5 Burger and Beer.  The first time we went in, we were in a rush, which made us feel like the service was slow, but in reality, this is actually a great lunch spot!So we all got the $5 Burger and Beer deal (which is offered all day every day). Note, if you want to add cheese, it's an additional $0.50.  The meal comes with a bag of Lays potato chips and if you want to substitute for fries, then it's an additional $2. You can also substitute the beer for a soda (with no extra charge).First of all, you can't go wrong with $5.  You can't even get a meal at McDonalds/In-n-Out/Burger King, etc. for $5!  On top of that, this was a freshly grilled burger (decent sized, I think 1/2 lb) with fresh vegetables and a beer (Bud, Bud Light or a dark, Greek beer) in a sit down restaurant.It was good enough that we even went back the next day.  I ended up getting the Mushroom Swiss Burger the next day because I wanted fries. Oh, and I forgot to mention that when you sign up for the El Cortez Player's Card, you get a $5 off coupon at the cafe. So that meant that my $5 burger and beer was FREE!
1	Eating at the Cafe Cortez is like eating in the old folks home in the movie "Bubba Ho-Tep."  I can still remember that scene - they were all eating baloney sandwiches, egg salad and old dead wilted green beans for dinner. I had the grilled herb chicken and green beans.   The chicken was dried out and tasteless, and the green beans had been boiled way too long, and were probably frozen to begin with.  I had to ask for extra butter just to be able to get them down.  The food also took a long time to  arrive.  There was an old guy slumped over sleeping at the table next to ours, pretty danged close by.  I was worried that he was going to be ok.   The one bright spot was the busboy.  If you want to experience Bubba Ho-Tep like old folks home food, falling down sleeping old guys, and an eternity of waiting, go eat here!    Cafe Cortez, please hire some kind of half-decent chef!  Ye Gods!
3	Are you 55+ and older? This place would be great for you.Got the breakfast burger...egg and bacon. I also got sauteed mushrooms with it for an extra $1. Food was alright, service was alright. It was more like here's your food, everything alright? some more water? That's about it.I'd come back here if I was totes wasted in Downtown and in need of ok-priced food.
3	Food is so-so. Depends on what you get. The string fries are surprisingly good. Slow service. Great place to people watch though. Very colorful regulars here. I could see going here and drinking coffee for an hour and just getting a kick out of some of the folks eating here. Very Lynchian depending on the time of day.
3	We were staying at the El Cortez so we came here twice for breakfast.  I ordered their 2 egg breakfast with scrambled eggs, bacon extra crispy, country potatoes and sourdough toast.  My food came out exactly as ordered (even with extra crispy bacon which a lot of places still screw up  even if you ask for it extra crispy).  They really don't make good scrambled eggs.  I think they put the eggs in the pan (or on the griddle or whatever) and then kind of stir them up in an attempt to scramble them.  Both mornings I ended up with sections of white and sections of yellow - neverly thoroughly mixed before cooking.  Their potatoes were good (needed salt), bacon was a bit salty but cooked exactly how I like it.  Toast was also good.  Overall it's an average cafe with average food, nothing too bad.  They do have a special advertised on a board out front of the casino for a beer and burger for $5.  We were never there in the middle of the day to try that but it sounded like a good deal.  Our service was ok the first morning - the servers were more concerned with talking amongst themselves than talking to customers.  The second morning our server was very attentive and polite - we liked her a lot better.Tip:  If you're staying at the El Cortez and you sign up for their players card you get a coupon booklet that has a coupon for $5 off at Cafe Cortez, which makes your meal there really cheap.
4	the #1 rule of cafe cortez is "don't look at your food, just eat it."  the food is not only good, it's REALLY good.  straight forward american fare (this would be a great place for euros to get a TRUE american experience).  there are some things, in particular, that stand out:* burgers -- especially the breakfast burger* tuna melt* prime rib -- uneven, but tends to be more hit than miss* motzo ball soup -- the undisputed best in town since canter's closed ... kenny epstein owns this place ... think about the kind of soup HE would want* hash brownsthere are two soups that are the best of their kind:beef barley (monday only)lentil (sunday only)with the exception of anything having to do with potatoes, stay away from the vegetables (although i really like their super-soggy corn on the cob).the entire casino floor is like a time machine into 1965.  downtown is booming, partially because of the eC's involvement with everything down there ... you better believe that sitting at the cafe cortez you're in a living museum and that entire area is just getting more and more valuable ... economics won't let it last forever ... enjoy it while you can.
5	Ordered the prime rib special. It was very good and tasty. The service was great also.
3	This place is like a 4th round draft pick who starts for your team for 6 years, he's solid,  there is better out there but he is such a good value, why look elsewhere?He didn't have the best combine, and doesn't look the part, but he's a gamer and when you need him to be a reliable cog in your machine he's there.After his initial 4 year deal, you re-upped him for 2 more for a little more money, but he's really plateaued this last year, so you let him go, bring in some young flashy kid, and yeah he might make some big plays, but he'll mess up some easy ones. If you want a consistent addition to your team, for value that cannot be beat, draft Cafe Cortez, which honestly wouldn't be that bad of a name. Picture him; dread locks, playing DB, always around the ball. Haha. Try it, its solid. Get the special.
5	Came here at midnight and asked if the they had steak and skrimps. The entire waitstaff laughed in my face so I ordered the $5 burger and a beer special. It was an awesome experience and I still keep in touch with my waitress on Myspace.
5	I wouldn't have thought to come in here if I weren't staying in the hotel, but extremely glad I did. Jackie burger was awesome, cooked to perfection, very juicy and tasty. Exceptional food for the low price.
1	I was incredibly disappointed. Instead of being greeted at the door, the server began chatting with he guests behind me. I should have seen that as a red flag and left, but I did not. Service was horrendous. It took 40 minutes to get my meal... The wrong meal because the server cared more about taking care of her friends than real guests. I said that I received something that I did not order and the waitress stormed off, but not before she said "well, it may have taken 40 minutes .. What do you expect." I left, but not before I had to pay or the side salad that came free with the meal I ordered. Unbelievable!!!!
3	I don't imagine this being a restaurant that you would go to unless you were a guest at the El Cortez hotel, or happened to be hanging around the hotel casino, got hungry, and decided you wanted to eat diner food.  In short, this place is a downscale version of Denny's.  It's not very fancy, but the food is good and cheap.  Just like Denny's, the place is open 24 hours, and they serve everything on their menu all day.  When I went, I had the scrambled eggs (egg whites only) with homestyle potatoes and toast.  My order was supposed to come with bacon or sausage, but I'm vegetarian and declined it.  The waitress was very kind to let me have fruit in lieu of the meat.  I got my food about five minutes after I ordered it, and it tasted very similar to what I would eat at Denny's.The El Cortez is a very low-rent hotel in Downtown Las Vegas, so don't expect to see any high rollers sitting around this restaurant.  When I was eating here, I noticed that most of the other patrons were elderly people.  I don't like to make assumptions, but most of them didn't seem like they had lots of disposable income, and probably shouldn't be hanging around a casino, gambling with money they can't really afford to lose.  But I suppose that's none of my business.If diner food is what you're looking for, this is a decent place to find it.  If you're looking for something a little more up-scale or exotic, walk outside to Fremont Street.  There are many good restaurants within a short walk of this place.  However, I would eat here again.
4	This is a very old school cafe, with one of the best traditional prime rib specials left in Las Vegas.  For $11.95, you get a 12 ounce prime rib, soup or salad, bread, vegetable of the day.  The salad is little more than iceberg lettuce, but that's another reason it's so old school. The service was fast, and my prime rib was cooked medium rare, as expected, and I think it may have been well more than 12 ounces.I've had a couple of other entrees here as well, but prime rib is the way to go!
4	My friends and I came here unexpectedly, we were downtown and hungry and couldn't decide on what we wanted to eat plus we were lazy and wanted to avoid walking down Fremont in search of food! So Cafe Cortez it was! I forgot to mention it was also my friends birthday and this is were we brought her for dinner HAHA at least it wasn't disappointing! One of my friends ordered the Matzo Ball soup as an appetizer... holy **** was that thing good. I personally had never tried Matzo Ball soup so I had nothing to compare it to besides deliciousness! BUT my friends had and they said it was on point so yup definitely recommend trying that! The birthday girl and I ordered their veggie burgers with a side of coleslaw. The veggie burger tasted like a veggie burger... they do add cheese and grilled onions with a side of guacamole and pickles so it called for a decent meal. The coleslaw... was bland I like mine with pineapple chunks and this did not have any so I wasn't really feeling it. Service was good and crowd was interesting. This place is anything but fancy but if you're looking for a decent meal at a decent price I say give it a try! Will I be back... Hell Yeah! Will I be getting the Matzo Ball soup... Hell Yeah!!
3	Seeing how it was 3am on a Saturday (Sunday morning lol) it was only appropriate to try out the El Cortez Cafe which I've heard is one of the better coffee shops in the city.I ordered the french toast and it came out quickly with a huge side of syrup and butter.  Even after layering it on, I still had more than 3/4 of the container left!The french toast was nothing exciting, it definitely wasn't as good as the Gold Spike grill and it wasn't as big or flavorful as Dupars @ The Golden Gate.  It could have been a product of ordering the wrong thing, as I know the burger is the big special here, but I felt like breakfast!
4	Old school Vegas.  Cheap eats.
1	This cafe is nothing like it used to be and not in a good way.  They have s super tiny grave yard menu! And the selection is not what it should be for being on Fremont street
1	I wouldn't even give this one star!! I work at container park and go get the turkey club almost everyday witch is 7.95 plus 1.00 for cheese and 2.50 for Togo that's fine but when you mess the order up and serve fruit with mold all over it and won't return my money is a joke I defff won't be back and the food and beverage manager is very rude never returned my call I won't be back evaaaaa
4	Simply put, it's where we go for a traditional breakfast, eggs over easy, hashbrowns, sausage, bacon, biscuits and gravy. It's funny but the more unique and niche Downtown gets, the harder it is to just find a decent easy breakfast to jump start the day. If smoked salmon w/ basil pesto calls to you for breakfast, see Hash House A Go Go, but if you're like me, traditional breakfast suits me better, especially on the first recovery day in town. You really can't mess up if you come here, Binion's Cafe, Magnolia's Veranda or Market Street Cafe, but as you might guess these all are found in iconic Las Vegas hotels, so tradition tends to serve up the best traditional breakfasts if that's what suits your taste. Again, this review is for fans of good runny eggs, sausage, bacon, toast, biscuits and gravy, endless amounts of coffee, etc. Cafe Cortez, serves it up right, serves it up quick and for a fair price. Can't ask for much more than that...
4	$5 beer and a burger. Annnnd scene. Seriously, that's a hell of a deal. Sure, you're going into a crappy, smokey, hole in the wall cafe where people are coming to die, but still...$5 beer and a burger. The burger wasn't bad either! Wasn't great, but was totally edible. The beer? Tanaya Creek. Again, not too shabby for my $5. Would I come here for a casual meal? Nope. Would I enjoy this special again while having a few drinks on Fremont East? You bet your arse I will.
4	What does five bucks get you these days? The answer is: not very much. Perhaps a box of Girl Scout cookies or maybe a crappy watered-down well drink at your grandpa's favorite dive...Well, I have some great news, my friends. Rather than throwing your last Lincoln on black and hoping for the best, save that last fiver and have that dead president treat you to a burger and a beer at Cafe Cortez. I cross my heart, hope to die, stick a needle, in my eye. This is no lie, folks.Is it a great burger? We don't ask that question here. Instead we ask something like, is it a bad burger, or is it edible? Yes! Cooked well, served will all the standard fixin's and delivered with a side of sass and guilt from an "overworked" waitress. So the beer must be awful right? Nuh-uh! You'll be sippin' in style when you wash that beef bomb down with an ice cold Tanaya Creek - one of Vegas' finest craft brews.Good on ya, Cafe Cortez.
3	I ordered the prime rib special. It was a lot better than I thought it was going to be! The horse radish dip is amazing and will really burn your nose if you try too much! For only $9.99 this is a must-have right across from the container park.
1	So...tried this place for the fifth and last time.  I really love the old vegas places  but this is just so miserable I can't do it again.The drink lady was quick to come by but couldn't take our order.  Five minutes later (8 min after being sat) the lady came to take the order.  Two prime rib specials medium rare.  Both came out after FORTY minutes!!  Medium-well to well, no pink.  We sent both back. They came back again medium  (warm pink center) even after explaining that medium rare was cool red center.  We ate it any way.Check took even longer.  The whole dinner took over 1 hour.The manager was not willing to act as a cashier and made guests wait while the cashier was in the bathroom.  When the cashier returned the manager returned to the back room.  I gave the cashier my debit card from a local bank and she asked for my ID.  The receipt did not print my name and the cashier proceeded to pull out a1990s imprint machine to take an imprint of my card.  When I refused to allow my debit card to be imprinted the manager was called over from the kitchen.She said their machines had just  been updated but I still refused to have an inprint taken of my debit card.  This is ridiculous!!  It's not 1990, and you don't imprint a debit card.  She took my license information and was very rude about it.  She treated me like a criminal because HER SYSTEM was outdated.I signed the debit card and left cash on the table for the tip. I told her she needs to learn to manage her business better.  Laycee Lewis-Caldwelll, the "manager", needs to learn about ticket times and customer service.  A manager does not just stand around and watch.I was furious with the way I was treated and as a local this place can't afford to lose business from locals.
4	Great place to Eat. Service is fast food is good. I would skip the porterhouse but everything else was excellent.  As many mention Matzo ball soup is the best
5	This place was amazingly delicious. Had the prime rib special and the $5 beer and burger...
3	Located inside of the El Cortez Hotel and Casino, Cafe Cortez is a good place for reasonably priced food late along East Fremont.Obviously the only reason I'll be here is cause I was partying downtown and was craving some prime rib.  Passing the El Cortez it's hard to avoid the advertisements for a prime rib that will only cost you about $10. It's actually a  pretty decent prime rib for the price, not amazing but satisfies the stomach like when I need to induldge in some super nachos at the end of a night of drinking. When ordering make sure you mention that you want the prime rib special for $10 cause if you don't they'll try to pull a fast one on you and charge  $15 for it, which happened to a group of us once.I've only had their prime rib but I've seen other's order steak and eggs and some other dishes which were all about $10 and they were satisfied. They also advertise this $5 beer and burger special which sounds pretty good. I'll need to take them up on the offer next time.
3	Slow service and the hostess wasn't very nice. But the food was decent for a casino cafe. Burger special was 5 bucks and was pretty good for the price. You get a beer chips and a burger for 5 bucks. The place is pretty busy and they don't staff no where what the need, but I am sure it is a hit or miss business with the flow of the business. No harm no foul
3	3 stars for ridiculous Value and friendly server.We went to 50% off 50+ nite and at 60 still felt a bit out of place with the elderly clientele.We pressed on, waited patiently for a table (others were having a difficult time coping with that) and ordered the $10 prime rib. Got a perfectly cooked but room temp slab of tasty medium rare swimming in some very good jus.Fluffy old school rolls helped to sop it all up.Sides, tasteless frozen corn dripping in water, real mash potatoes served at room temp with some decent gravy and mostly iceberg garden salad, were totally forgettable. My wife got the fries and they we're gourmet quality hand-cut 'frites.'We got the check quick enough but were not informed that we were to pay on the way out so once we figured that out it was stand in our second line of the night.I left for nature's call but when I returned my wife and the clerk at the register were frantically waving me over since they needed my players card and ID also to complete the transaction.With that our $10 Prime Ribs tuned into $5 Prime Ribs!If I go back I would go either very early like a 5PM Dinner or after 8PM and I would get something cooked to order with a side of fries.Because at Half Off those steaks looked pretty good.BTW while the casino can get smoky thankfully there's no smoking in the strictly functional, fluorescently illuminated dining space.They are quite proud of their $5 burger deal that includes a half pounder, bag of chips and a brewski served everyday.We were urged to come back and give it a try.
5	Vegas = expensive. Cafe Cortez = the saving grace to our wallets. The food is great, the service is great and holy wow the portions and all the extras that come with their burger special rocks! Come here for a break away from the madness and take a breather, burger and beer! Thanks to the staff for making my trip here enjoyable and memorable.
4	Everything is really good, but the burgers are exceptional. The fish and chips are excellent for the price, especially being in this neighborhood. Breakfast is always timely and hot, and they do not seem to mind us being a little picky! I like my corned beef hash crispy on the edges, and it always comes out perfect when I order it as such. Eggs are always correct as well! That has been a hangup in other breakfast joints downtown, but not here.I ordered a Rueben to go last week and it not only survived the transport but was sizable enough to feed me twice.Overall, this is a great value.. too bad they are closing this old school location in the coming months and combining with the old steakhouse location for a more modern concept.. on the other hand, we can hope they carry over the best parts of both locations in the merge.
4	Went back for the $5 burger deal.It's one of the absolute best value plays Downtown.$5 gets you a half pound charbroiled patty cooked to order with a side of chips and a 12 oz. Tenaya Creek.The burger is a pressed, possibly frozen patty, cooked over flame with lettuce, tomato, pickles and onion on the side.It's served all day and requires no cards or memberships.The efficient server gladly accepts this order for one of the cheapest items on the menu.All in all a ridiculous deal.Just tip a bit extra for a meal that should cost at least twice what is being charged.
4	We came here on a Friday night and ordered their specials1. Burger and Beer, 5- Extra cheese, 50c2. Prime rib, 9.95$19. - A bit of a wait time to be seated. Expected for a Friday night. - shallow whisper...strawsssss? huh? haha..uh, yes please. - Reminds me of Grand Cafe but worse. - Burger was good. Made medium not extra for grilled onions. Definitely get the cheese. Made it juicy.- Choice of Tenaya Creek or Bud Light. - Prime rib was chewy. Very similar to the taste of a Station Casino buffet. Decent enough to clean the plate after a few too many- Fries were thin. - Drunk? Come here for a cheap eat! Sober? Get inebriated then come back here to eat.
2	I eat here often when I'm in town. The food is good and reasonably priced. However, the service is consistently SLOW.
1	I have been here probably six times or so and it has pretty good food. The service is usually lacking. Today when I dined with my family and friends, there were five out of seven drinks that were empty and not a single person offered to refill them. The food took around 40 minutes to come out. And the server got our drink orders wrong. However, none of that seemed to phase us because we had great company. The biggest issue I have is that when I dined there tonight, I got the prime rib special and in medium rare. By the time I went home (or even still in the car) I started to have an extreme stomach ache! And then I went home and I was locked in the bathroom for about two hours because of excruciating and embarrassing pain... A classic example of just bacteria infested food that wasn't stored properly or an employee didn't wash their hands. I'm not going to report this because my Mom did use a comp and so the meal was free. But holy cow, I have never had such a bad food experience in my life...Okay, but I must admit, all the other times I've dined here, I got a decent portion of food and it is usually okay. It's just that something about my food tonight was just not right. And even now (almost three hours after dining) I'm still constantly running to the restroom... (way to kill a good night...)I will most likely not be returning although the food is free...
2	I want to keep this short and sweet. The only reason you would ever want to eat here is if you're really damn hungry or you're drunk and need to satisfy your munchies.... The service is terrible, there is no team work, Co - workers pointing the finger at each other for lack of service... My advice, just don't, there are alot of other places in down town that are better than this place.Lol I even forgot that I was reviewing this place.... that's how bad it was.
3	It's a cafe, it's in the Cortez. Average food, average service. Be prepared to wait awhile for your food. The breakfast is decent, diner style food.
5	One of the best home cooked meals I ever eat is always at the El Cortez hotel. Liver and onions the die for cook just like my mom"s Tender inside and plenty of onions. The prices are the most reasonable I've ever seen in a hotel coffee shop. I eat here every time I come to Las Vegas.
