5	You have to check out Pin Ups salon. I get my hair done by Kristen and have been going to her for years. She is very knowledgeable in her trade and will give you exactly what you want. This is an upscale salon and spa. They offer microdermabrasion, facials and waxing as well. The environment is comfortable and welcoming. Go check it out and you'll keep going back. This is a great Salon!
5	I wish I would have found this salon sooner! It's super welcoming and relaxing inside with beautiful details and colors and, of course, classic and modern pin-up girls!   Their receptionist, Winter, was super helpful on the phone and they were able to give me an appointment with Tiffany that afternoon. My lucky day! I wanted something new and I had a list of likes & dislikes and she listened and made suggestions and I ultimately walked out looking better than I had hoped for!  Everyone there is super friendly and you can tell they really care about the health of their clients hair as much as styling it. AND, you can have a beer while you're there!
1	Okay so I went here because it's close to home and boy was that a bad move. I walked in at 6:30pm and the hours on the door clearly stated "8:00pm close". There were 2 stylist sitting down and I thought by the look of things I was sure to get a quick hair cut.So I walk in and I was wrong the women who I later found out was the owner said "sorry we are closed" I replied "really I'm sorry the door says you close at 8" and she says "well we're closed" in a manner that made me think "wow in this economy you are too busy to take care of a paying customer" so I accepted the fact they decided to close early and thankfully they did because I went 2 doors down to Anzhela's Hair Cut and got the BEST cut and color and customer service of my life and I will forever be a loyal customer because they are all about the customer and on top of everything they have wonderful prices. I highly suggest you bypass pin-ups besides they don't need the business apparently, go to Anzhela's.
2	I called and was told that Pin ups salon is no longer open :(
