1	I would have given this store zero stars if possible.  The employees lack zero amount of professionalism and lie to you because they think they're telling you what you want to hear.  Don't waste your time.  Well, you can if you'd like.  I would never go back and spend another $2,000 + on a bed.  I'd go anywhere else.However I do have a tip, if you want to purchase a bed, go in and tell them you're interested but then tell them you want to shop around more- they'll negotiate a better price to keep you in the store.  They might also offer you free delivery.  This is just something that I saw while waiting to have my exchange completed.Good luck.
5	Good experience! My husband and I were looking to upgrade to a king-size matress.  When we walked into the store we were greeted by Molly who was highly professional and seemed to know her stuff.  She was not pushy like other sales people can be.  After trying several matresses out we made a decision to purchase.  The purchase process was quickly and painless.  We even got a decent discount for a high quality matress!
1	HORRIBLE service this time around!!!and it was by Marcus Schultheis "Store Manager" and "Area Manager"??? really???ZERO customer service skills.I had purchased items there on 5/2013 with a salesman named Moon, I had a great experience so when I had more mattress needs I went there. I was told he was at another store.I asked if he could help me but he was busy with another customer and took my name and number and would call me back.The evening passed...Next day I was driving by the store at 4:30pm and decided to stop by."Marcus" acknowledged he took the call with no aplologies for not returning call.I asked about what I needed and he pointed it out. At that time another customer he had been working with walked in but clearly had not been "hooked" yet and left me standing there without finishing up with me.I left store.
1	Salesman here is a slime ball. Acted like he had no sales or floor models to sell. Bought a bed from another location for literally 75% cheaper than the bed he was trying to sell me. That was his generous doing me a favor price.
