4	This place is surprisingly cozy and inviting, and the Middle Eastern food is delicious.   It's located in the strip of shops next to the Harris Teeter at Kenilworth Commons so don't miss it when you drive by.  The veggie platter/combo entree is my favorite thing to order- it's huge and it comes with about 8 different items and pita bread.  My boyfriend really likes the pita wraps and the potato harra.  The only negative I have about this place is that it isn't cheap- entrees are mainly $10 or more and the sandwiches are $6, but they don't come with a side.  If you are willing to spend a little bit of money this place is a refreshing change of pace.  Oh, and they have a belly dancer on Friday night.
5	Great place... the owners are very nice... they have great hummus, tabloi (sp) and awesome Kidby... i used to get take out all the time... you have to check it out...
4	Not bad, I would go back.
4	I love this place! The food is fantastic, authentic and uncomplicated. The prices are very reasonable & the staff is friendly.
5	Whenever I have a Middle Eastern friend come visit me(more often than you think!), I always take them here and they highly enjoy it.  The hummus is great as well as the wraps. I would note that you should ask for your pita to be warmed up. They serve it cold which is a big no-no.    I'm not 100% sure of the times. So, call ahead and see. But, they have a belly dancer that comes on Friday nights as well as another night. Its very entertaining and because I'm a guy...The girl is extremely hot.  She's a six foot tall Ukrainian blonde that could easily be in the next Bond movie.Back to Kabob...they also have a few tables for two outdoors and make for a good light dinner outside on these summer nights.  I've been here about 10 times. Its a great place to let your pallet travel a bit.
3	For dinner, the kabob combo rocks, with chicken, beef and kefta kabob.  Kefta is like a ground beef link, a little spicy, definitely out of the ordinary.  Their hummos is a little peanuty for my taste but it's made fresh.  The bread is also thinner than I'm used to but it's probably a regional thing and of course I didn't go home hungry.  For lunch this is the only place I've ever paid over $7 for a falafel sandwich and a side of hummos.  I wish they'd move for cheaper rent so they can knock two bucks off everything on the menu.  Then I'd eat here twice a week instead of once a month.  They could also double the size of the dining room and still keep it packed.  It's good enough I'd follow them wherever they go...  Alas, I haven't been in a long time because it's ridiculous to pay more than $5 for a falafel sandwich.
4	To supplement another reviewer's review who hasn't tried the falafel here... I have tried it and it's wonderful. I do ask for extra sauce though, which I recommend in case you find yourself with falafel-desert-mouth (those things can be dry!!!) The baklava is awesome and inexpensive. There is little seating inside this tiny gem of a find, so I'd bet on take out if you're going at lunchtime. And to make it even easier, call ahead.
5	"Yo, Gurt, you know kaBob?  No, but we might recognize it if you Hummus a few bars."I've had my share of Mediterranean food.  In fact, Middle Eastern is among my favorite cuisines.  So who would have thought I would find the best kafta I've ever had in Charlotte, of all places.  Perfectly spiced.  Juicy.  Fantastic.Food.As I mentioned, the kafta was awesome.  The "hommos"/hummus was nice and rich, with a little olive oil drizzle in the middle.  And the falafel was hot and moist, which is no small feat.  I was very impressed with the food.Space.There isn't a ton of seating, but there is a fairly large bar area where I assume you could order dinner, and there are a few outside tables.  We went on a Tuesday night, and there wasn't a problem getting a table.Portions.My kafta entree included three fairly large kafta kabobs, two "delightful side items" (hummus and falafel in my case), mixed vegetables, and 5 pieces of pita.  I was pretty hungry going in, but was barely able to finish everything.  If you think you might need more food, order a couple of appetizers, but KG's portions were the same as, or larger than the portions I've seen at similar restaurants.Prices.We only had entrees, but overall, the prices seemed appropriate.  The prices for wine by the glass seemed a little high ($7-8), but the pours were pretty generous, so I wouldn't consider them completely unreasonable.They could warm the pita and drop the prices of wine by the glass by $1 or $2, but this is nitpicking.  The food is great, and the service is friendly and attentive.  We will be back soon and often.Kabob Grill, you are my Gyro!
3	Maybe it's because I grew up in metro Detroit where you can get great Lebanese / Middle Eastern food for a great price.  The food at Kabob grill is probably the best Lebanese food in Charlotte but it's not the great when compared to other places I've had.The prices are reasonable for being in Dilworth and the servings are pretty decent.  I would come back if I had a craving for some Middle Eastern but wouldn't go out of my way for Kabob Grill.
4	My hubby and I stumbled upon this little gem while shopping at the adjoining Harris Teeter. I am a tough critic when it comes to Kabobs coz I grew up in India and had the best street kabobs near my home. But I gotta say that Kabob grill had some pretty authentic kabobs and awesome pillaf! I love the smoky flavor of the meat and the raita (yogurt side dish) was absolutely delicious. It is priced well and we had really attentive service staff. The restaurant itself is non pretentious and has a very homey feeling. All in all a wonderful dining experience....we will definitely be going back
4	Kabob Grill is a very laid back, excellent, place to enjoy some great Mediterranean food. The grape leaves are top notch, the hummus fantastic, Falafel? Yes do it! Mijaddara is flame, and any of the lamb, chicken plates are very good. The wraps are huge so watch out. This place is small so it's more like a chill spot. The service is always friendly and helpful. There a very few restaurants that are any good in Charlotte, this one is a can't miss. You wont find it in your tourist books, but you should go anyway. If you never had any Mediterranean food this would be a great place to start.
4	I was looking for a good, mediterranean neighborhood grill, and this place fit the bill.  Although a little overpriced if you're getting non-wrap entrees, the food was delicious and well worth it.  The hummus was really tasty and fresh - a very large serving that could feed (as an appetizer) a packed table of people.  I had the falafel wrap and thought it was near-perfect.  Not dry (like most falafel), and just a wonderful blend of flavors.  My boyfriend had the chicken wrap and didn't love the marinade, but otherwise agreed that it's a great spot.
4	My friend Becky had  highly recommended this place and so we decided to go there before a girls movie night out.  I usually judge a book by its cover when it comes to restaurants/bars that are located in "strip malls."  From the outside Kabob Grill looks pretty generic but the inside has a great decor and feels very quaint and clean- it did not feel like a strip mall at all.  There is even a cute little bar.  The server, who may have been the owner, was super friendly and helped us with our dinner selections.  I had a great kabob that came with a bunch of sides - yummy baba-ganoush.  It was a ton of food - which I thought was reasonably priced.  Definitely felt like a hidden gem!
5	I love Kabob Grill. I'm definitely a creature of habit when it comes to what I order, but have ventured from the norm a few times. My favorite combination is the chicken kabob with two sides. With that I normally get the Omar's salad, which has a light flavored dressing. I also get the potatoes harra. These are potato cubes with lots of garlic.If you like garlic, definitely order a side of their garlic sauce. It is great for dipping the chicken, potatoes, and bread that is served with the meal.I've also tried the veggie plate and it provided a lot of variety with just as much flavor. Kabob Grill also has a location in Stonecrest at Piper Glen if you end up in South Charlotte and this location has all of the same menu items.
5	Mmmm, delicious! Kabob Grill is very authentic Middle Eastern food (don't mistake it for Greek cuisine, some entrees may look the same, but they are different). The food is very flavorful and plentiful. You get the quality and quantity for what you pay. My husband and I tried the vegetarian combo and the mixed grill kabob. The vegetarian combo was excellent! The side of potatoes were delicious, especially if you like garlic. The spinach pie/pastry was very good too. The kabob gives you a plate full of chicken, lamb, and beef. The grape leaves were a bit soft; however, everything else was fantastic!! Also, order some baklava for dessert...just the right amount of sweet!I'm not sure if they have a belly-dancer every Friday night, but they had a woman last night. It was fun entertainment! The owner also serves the guests and is very friendly and welcoming. This is one of my new favorite spots! For an intimate, cozy restaurant feel and for authentic Middle Eastern cuisine, Kabob Grill is the place to go.
3	Been wanting to try this place and finally did. Interesting dishes that certainly aren't common in NC. I would have liked it better were it not for the fact that the food was swimming in olive oil. Perhaps this is common for Middle Eastern food. I don't know. I tried my best to avoid the puddles of oil and "dig" around it, but it is just way too much oil for my taste. If you have gallbladder disease, this would send you to the ER. It really was not very spicy either. I certainly prefer Indian food's spiciness. The falafel (chickpeas, fava beans, cilantro, spices) had potential but needed to be much hotter. And last the grilled chicken kabob was just . . . chicken. Nothing special about it. The garlic potatoes were good (but my wife's are better). The spinach pie was quite good. The baklava desert was delicious. The staff were friendly and helpful.Would have actually given it 2 stars were it not for the fact that maybe all Middle Eastern food is swimming in olive oil, and maybe I'm not the best judge of this cuisine.
4	The Kabob Grill is consistently one of our favorite restaurants. We have eaten at the East Blvd location several times, but now that they also have a Stonecrest location, we can enjoy  it a lot more often.  The quality of the food is outstanding.  They have the best house-made hummus in Charlotte. The Lentil soup is excellent  as is most of the vegetarian options - baba gannouj, falafel, potato harra, and spinach pies are my favs.  The chicken kabobs and basmati rice are excellent too.  The service is very good.  The only time I don't like to go is when they have the bellydancer - I think the restaurant is a little too small for that ... if they had a "stage" where diners could watch the "show"  without  having their "table space" invaded, it would be a lot more enjoyable.  I love the decor of both locations.
5	Everytime I have come to Kabob Grill I always had a great experience! I have been coming here for 3 years, mostly for takeout. The hummus is outstanding. It is a place where you can tell they spend a lot of time making the food authentic and tasty. I would reccomend the lamb kabob with basmati and hummus...yum!Anyway, I also like the place because the first time I went in with a couple of my girlfriends we all sat outside and ordered food. The owner was so nice and we ended up chatting a little over a couple orders of baklava "on the house". My friend Nicole ended up losing her keys that night, and we assumed she lost them somewhere else. I went in to Kabob Grill 6-7 months later and the owner remembered my friend! He handed over the keys and I was so surprised he still had them or had even remembered my friend for that matter. It def. kept me coming back to enjoy the wonderful food/service. Kabob Grill Rocks!
3	I have eaten at Kabob Gril about 7 times - mostly for lunch or an afternoon snack.  It is a small, casual place that serves up some tasty middle eastern dishes.  I have not tried too much on the menu - i go for the gyros (shawerma) or the chicken kabobs.  They are good!  The service isn't the most friendly but the food arrives quickly.
4	Still a favorite...however, this last visit slightly disappointed. For the prices of the entrees, the quality has to be top notch all the time. I found the grape leaves to be salty and the tabbouleh didn't taste as fresh as we've had there before. The rest was very pleasant: falafel was delicious, hummus was great, and the potatoes were scrumptious.
5	How can you get great Middle Eastern food without flying to the Middle East??? Have someone in the middle east ship it to you... No, silly - just head over to Kabob Grill. The food is prepared daily and is as fresh as it can get. Hummus, tabbouleh, falafel, potatoes are some of my many favorites. But, you can't go to Kabob Grill without getting a Kabob... try the lamb or kafta for a change or just "stick" to the beef or chicken, you won't be disappointed. All the meats are seasoned, not fatty and are lean cuts. Writing this review is making me hungry for one of my Charlotte's top favorites - Kabob Grill.
3	I am not sure why, but the main thing sticking out in my head from my recent visit to the Kabob Grill is the window tint.  I do not believe it was there last time I patronized the restuarant a few years ago.  They may have had wooden blinds.  Either way, from the exterior, you can get no idea of what is to happen on the inside.No idea whatsoever that it houses some of the best Middle Eastern food in Charlotte.I went with the grilled lamb kabobs with sides of basmati rice and hummus and I was more than satisfied with my selection.  The lamb was done just right and the portions were ample enough to satisfy my hunger.  Maybe its the window tint, but the service is never exactly sunny in there.  Nevertheless, you get the Middle Eastern family feel to the establishment and it makes for a wonderful dining experience.
3	The food is quite good and KG is probably the only place you'll find Palestinian eats!  Service is hit or miss. There is usually only one man on and he deals the entire front of the house, taking/placing phone orders and serving. When I've ordered food to go, I felt the portions were much too small. the take out containers literally contained a spoonful of food. It's nice to have authentic ethnic cuisine, but the service inconsistencies have kept me from eating here more often than I'd like.
4	Simple menu, fresh preparation, reasonable prices, great food. That's about all you need to know when deciding if you are going to go here. The menu has a wide variety of middle eastern style salads and sides. The menu is priced so that you can try something new. This place is not fancy, but very clean. It is a casual atmosphere like you'd find in any family-owned eatery- only this one serves kabobs, hummus, tabbouleh, and more. Finish the meal with one of the several varieties of baklava available. We like the pistachio variety.
2	There aren't a lot of great places to eat in charlotte and I was hoping Kabob grill would be different. For the most part the food was good, not fabulous or 4 star worthy, but pleasant enough. The chicken kabob was nicely cooked, but they went a little overboard on the seasoning. The basmati rice was good (I'm a big fan of rice) and the potato harra was okay, but way too spicy. The grape leaves, however, were disgusting--way too bitter, they tasted similar to grape leaves I bought at whole foods a long time ago (big mistake). I guess in charlotte this would be considered 4 or 5 stars, but for someone who has tasted the real deal, Kabob grill doesn't quite live up to it's high star rating.
5	Great spot. Fast service, friendly staff and flavorful food. Apparently they have belly dancers on fridays?
4	I was surprised when this showed up in my search results. It was 11 miles from my hotel and I did a search on seafood. However, after reading the reviews and realizing my work that brought me to NC did not start till tomorrow afternoon I figured, why not. This was a nice find. It has all the basic items you would expect to find at a Mediterranean place. I started with the rice soup which was nice and light. I then moved on to the Kefta and teamed it up with humus and basmati rice. All of it was great. Fluffy rice, flavorful kefta and smooth humus. The owner thought I was the sister of a regular. This scored me a polite conversation and some free baklava. Even after I broke the news that he had me confused with someone else.I am an explorer so I might not venture here again if I am back in the area, but, if I lived here, this would be a regular stop.
4	Having spent two years in Columbia, a city devoid of excellent falafel, it warmed the cockles of my heart to find rich, green, moist falafel at Kabob Grill.  I had a vegetarian sampler which was good but not terribly memorable, save for the falafel.  My husband, however, had a lentil and caramelized onion dish that was really great.We were there on a Friday night (at the Dilworth location), and the belly dancer was incredibly distracting, particularly since we were hungry.  We had difficulty concentrating on anything else.  It's a small restaurant, which resulted in the whole experience of having bangled ass shaken in our faces.  To her credit, the young lady who danced was lovely and talented, but I just wanted to eat.
5	This place totally surprised me. It is basically in a strip mall and isn't too amazing looking from the outside...but holy crap. Outrageously good falafel pita!!  Ughhh I need to go back. I have had some strange falafel in my day...dry..shaped like a marble..etc. This was warm, fresh, moist, just enough spices....mmmm!!!!
4	as far as fresh cuisine goes this place is one of the tops in charlotte. we pretty much covered the menu; chicken kabob, mixed grill kabob, tabbouleh, falafel, the potatoes were amazing, tahini sauce, cucumber yogurt sauce even the rice side was made with care. to top all that being a euro beer freak they wet my whistle with a magnat from the ukraine and a golden pheasant from slovakia...truly a taste of food made love, care, and knowledge of mediterranean fare. i'd say as far as fresh ethnic meals go in charlotte only vietnam grill beats this place for me. i will continue to be a frequent guest of the kabob grill... oh yeah, being a first timer they gave us each a comp'd cashew baklava and it was dynamite!!! go eat here quick, seriously, you will not be let down
5	I live in phoenix, and hadn't found any good mediteranean food since working in charlotte.  Today I finally found some!  I had the moussaka which was wonderful!!!  I finished my plate!  It didn't have a bechemal sauce, which is good since I'm watching calories anyway; but it was packed full of favor.  I also has the hummus and the bakalava, which was excellent!!!  The service was superb and I intend on becoming a regular.  The food is very fresh and flavorful.  It's a steal for what you get.  I highly recommend!!!
1	In summary: Overpriced and not very good. A small cup of lentil soup that was very watered down was $4.50 ... the main dish "tabouleh" salad was overly doused with vinegar and 90% parsley with some diced tomatoes - no bulgur ... I have never seen such a receipe. I left hungry. Service was a bit slow. We won't be going back there - there are too many nicer restaurants around to waste ones time and money on this place.
4	When it comes to Middle Eastern and Mediterranean food, I am an easy sell. But there is something about this little joint (and I do mean that in the literal sense) that keeps pulling me back, me back. I find comfort in the fact that their employees, at least the handful that I have met, are European. Even if they all aren't off the boat Lebanese, authenticity permeates the building. Although I haven't had the pleasure/mispleasure of scarfing yalanji (stuffed grape leaves, otherwise known as dolmades in greek cuisine) while being wooed by the belly dancer, I am not entirely opposed. On to the food. We started with the hommos as an appetizer. It is some of the best I have had. Very creamy, nice drizzles of olive oil, and served with pickled vegetables and pita bread. I happen to like pretty much pickled everything, so this works for me. Got to love vinegar. It is a generous portion for 2-4 people, depending on hunger or ambition levels. YALANJI. What can I say? These rival my Aunt's, whose I can eat like they are going out of style. Love them. They are the best I have had in Charlotte to date. Dinner was Omar's Salad with a lamb skewer. I will complain, because it's fun to do sometimes, that $3.50 for 4 skinny pieces of lamb is steep. Or just call me greedy. Whatever. I can say that I have sampled a variety of other dishes here and they are all great. As our waitress said, "Everything is good!" Do not leave without trying a pistachio baklava and a Turkish coffee for my fellow cardamom lovers out there. And bring a mint. :)
4	Outstanding!  I am new to Charlotte and stopped in for lunch today.  Had a chicken kabob with Omar's salad.  Small but very nice atmosphere.  Staff friendly.  Food great.
4	My biggest complaint with Charlotte is that there aren't any REALLY good Lebanese or Turkish restaurants.  I do, however, think that Kabob Grill does it's best and their menu is very complete.  The biggest litmus test is the hummus.  Kabob Grill's hummus is not garlic-y enough for me.  That's not to say that they aren't good... Kabob Grill satisfies my cravings but doesn't WOW me.  They offer great lunch specials --  I like the vegetable plate (can't remember what they call it) where you can pick 4 items from a variety of sides.  Their falafels are great!  And, their rice pilaf is perfect!  They also serve sheesha outside, which I love.  The service is always friendly and the restaurant clean.  Parking can be a pain when the Harris Teeter is really busy.  But, all in all, I would recommend this place, for sure.
1	Overpriced, food is pathetic compared to Persian kabobs.  Went for the second time with a friend who wanted to see the Friday night belly dancer but just our luck she wasn't performing that night.  I have a strong feeling that she hasn't performed in some time.I can't expound enough upon just how overpriced the food is here.  $15 for 3 tiny skewers of chicken kabobs over angel hair pasta-infused basmati?  $8/glass for the house wine? Are you kidding me?Charlotte is in desperate need of a Persian kabob house. Someone, please!
5	Awesome.  Great food.  Friendly service.
5	I met a fellow yelper at Kabob Grill last night for supper and dessert (of course!) and it was a great meal from start to finish.  We started with Lentil and Vegetable Soup followed by Baba Ghannouj Dip and Potato Harra - all of which were very good in their own right.  Both soups were served with pita chips and we used some in soup and some to scoop out the Baba Ghannouj Dip (Grilled eggplant, tahini sauce, garlic, parsley and olive oil)...yummy!  For entree I had the chicken kabob with a side of Potato Harra and Omar's Salad (Lettuce, tomato, onion, cucumber, green pepper, sweet corn, parsley, dry mint, lemon juice and olive oil) - VERY good!  He ordered the lamb kabob with a side of Tabbouleh (Cracked wheat, parsley, tomato, onion, lemon juice, olive oil and dry mint) and and Omar's Salad as well.  I sampled it all and the only thing I really didn't care for was the pickled veggies that came with the meal...but I happily shared them with my fellow yelper who was a fan!  I sampled his lamb kabob (my first time eating lamb) and I have to say it reminded me of beef, but was very well seasoned and very tasty!For dessert we had Baklava that was made with pistachio nuts...OH my so yummy! and a very delicious concoction of mango, passionfruit and raspberry sorbet (or gelato, hmmm I'm not sure) but it was presented in a layered ball covered in white chocolate and drzzled with dark...very good!!Our service was excellent and our waitress never let our glasses get empty and was happy to offer information about the restaurant, it's owners and explanation of the dishes we were unfamiliar with.I would certainly return here and try something else (or maybe stick with what I got this time...excellent choices)...Great little place nestled in a strip mall, attractive decor but not fussy and a great little gem in amongst Kennilworth Commons!  I'll be back!
5	I've had Baba Ghannouj before, though it was never as good as last night!!!  This Kabob Grill and the one at Stonecrest have the best Tabbouleh I've ever eaten!  Met a friend here for dinner last night.  We had:  Lentil soup, Vegetable soup, Tabbouleh, Chicken Kabobs, Lamb Kabobs, Omars Salad (my first time with this salad - It had corn in it), Baba Ghannouj, Pita Chips, Pita Bread, Potato Harra (I've had this before at this place and do not remember how awesome it is - It's like cubed Hash Browns with Garlic and Lemon Juice).  For dessert we had Baklava (Lebanese version, my preference over the Greek) and a Passion Fruit, Raspberry and Mango covered in a White Chocolate shell Bombe.  Everything was incredible and I will get all of this again and taste some of the other dishes from all areas of the menu!!!  This is a cozy, relaxed atmosphere, with a warm Charm. The service was fantastic - Through and friendly!
3	I went to Kabob for the 1st time and It was a pretty good experience. Im not a expert but I know good food when I eat it. I will admit the menu prices where higher then what I thought they needed to be but it was not astronomically high.       I went with a friend and we shared the appetizer of Potato Harra which is Cubes of fried potato, lemon juice, garlic, olive oil, red pepper and cilantro. Our plate it had a strong pickled/vinegar taste to it but we still enjoyed it. I got the special of the day which was Kafta blend of ground beef, spices, parsley and onion, tomato, pickles, and onions -it was seasoned well and the rice was very delightful      I did find the service very helpful. I can see myself going again in the near future to try out something different . Restaurant has a very good location in the Dilworth area
3	This place has proper falafels. They are moist and delicious and If you get them in the wrap they are accompanied by yummy, pickles, beats, and other veggies. Don't forget the standard tehini sauce. It really is nice to get a proper falafel wrap.I tend to stick with falafel when I come here. Sure they have grape leaf wraps and some other ok vegan options but their falafel is way better than the other options. They have home made fries that tend to be a little hard and soggy. I don't think they pre-boil the spud strips before frying. Home made fries are always nice though, well usually.The seating is a little sparse. There are not a lot of places to sit, inside or out. The out side seating is on a side walk but not a busy one and it is covered too, so that is nice. The inside is a little cramped. This is not a place for big groups. I would like to add though, they do have decent aesthetics inside so there are things to help your eyes wander around while you eat.They service is usually very friendly though a little slow at times. It's not the kind of place you can swing by for a quick snack. However if you want a great falafel this is your place.
1	I can never go back and I am bummed about it! MAJOR-LY.Here's the sad, sad tale: My husband and I had been frequenting Kabob Grille. Their lentil soup is homemade perfection, their vegetarian combo a delight, and their pistachio baklava is just amazing.So about a week ago, we were having dinner and a fight broke out between a Middle Eastern husband and wife. More accurately, a husband lost his temper and started yelling at his wife in front of their two young girls. When I say yelling, I mean unbelievably aggressive IN YOUR FACE, I'm-going-to-beat-you-up yelling. This continued for a few minutes inside the restaurant. Then, they took it outside. More yelling - hitting cars - more yelling - pushing. Meanwhile, the two little girls are sitting at the bar, teary-eyed. More yelling. What does the manager/owner do about this? NOTHING. He seemed to know the couple. He just stands outside watching as this man reviles his wife. Now, I don't know what caused the fight in the first place but there is no excuse for this kind of behavior. Can you imagine what happens behind closed doors?What should have been done:1) The owner/manager tells the couple that this is unacceptable in his establishment2) Ensure the two girls are OK3) Call the police when the husband starts hitting parked cars4) Apologize to customers and staff5) Offer a complimentary drink or dessert -  at leastNone of the above happened.
4	My girlfriend and I recently visited Kabob Grill while vacationing in Charlotte for the weekend. We ordered a falafel wrap with a piece of baklava to-go for lunch. Both items were good, but the prices seemed very high for dinner and still pricey for lunch. I've definitely had better falafel wraps for less money in larger cities, but Kabob Grill does offer more options than just falafel. There's something counter-intuitive to me about restaurants with high prices located in strip malls, but at least I haven't been disappointed by the food. I can't speak for the rest of their menu, but I would recommend Kabob Grill for anyone interested in falafel wraps at lunch time. The parking situation seemed a little scarce considering we went on a Sunday, but there is more parking available at other locations along the street.
4	Two words: Rocket Wrap. I was over the moon for the Rocket Wrap during lunch a few days back. Pardon the pun. Or not.Yes, Ms. Tonya P and I met for lunch and both decided that the Rocket Wrap was our meal of choice and it was damn tasty: falafel, halloum cheese, lettuce, tomato, cucumber and tahini sauce. The falafel was nicely put together, the tahini was on point but the halloum cheese was magical. It was like a mozzarella stick gone wild. LOVE.While the wrap is generous in size, I have to whine a bit about its price: $10. That seems a bit steep for just a wrap...no side item. However, my dining partner did mention that halloum cheese is pretty pricey, so that's cool. I also had the chance to try a bit of tabouli which was flavorful and nicely seasoned. The interior of Kabob Grill isn't much to look at, but with a really delicious Rocket Wrap, I could care less. Service was fine and we never went without beverages! I'll be back, Kabob Grill.
2	After coming here on occasion for a couple years now something came to me the other night when I stopped in for takeout. This place is far too expensive for what you get! Admittedly, I should've had this culinary epiphany ages ago but my experience the other night leads me to believe there's no going back now. I ordered two wraps (1 lamb, 1 halloum) and two pieces of the almond and mascarpone cake for my girlfriend and I. Any guesses what these 4 items costs me? I can wait. Cue Jeopardy theme.$31. THIRTY-ONE DOLLARS!!! These wraps didn't even include a side item. If they'd come with sides I could see paying $20-$25. But without sides I really think it shouldn't have been more than about $20. To their credit, the food is always done well. The hummus, baba ghanoush, kefta kabobs, fattoush and potato harrah are particularly noteworthy. The hazelnut and chocolate cake with a Turkish coffee is Jannah materialized.. And on top of all this, the service is always friendly and attentive.I really hate giving Kabob Grill such a low rating. Were it not for the price and the fact that you can get similar stuff for way cheaper elsewhere they'd get a solid 4 stars from me. But the prices should only be about 2/3 of what they are. Maybe I'll still come in for dessert and Turkish coffee from time to time but that's it. The competition is doing just as well in the taste and quality departments and they're doing it for a lot less.
3	Food: - Beef Gyro: Very typical gyro, wasn't super good but wasn't bad either. Came wrapped like a big cigar served in a plastic basket. Wrapped with typical supermarket pita bread and the filling was alright. Service: Kinda neglectful and very neutral. Didn't feel too welcomed or particularly nice to us. My friend ordered a meal deal and the waiter didn't even bother to ask my friend what drink he wanted. My friend had to chase him down and ask for the drink. Ambiance: Very casual lunch spot. Very small and cozy. Price: Typically priced for a gyro. Had lunch specials where you can get a gyro, drink and fries, but it wasn't like a super good deal or anything. Overall: I'm a HUGE Gyro fan and I love Medit. food but this place wdidn't really hit the spot...probably won't come again.
5	Loved this place. It's not your typical kabob grill. The restaurant is gorgeous and the food is amazing. They have many side options to choose from but I recommend the hummus. A typical lunch plate costs about $10 but I spend that when I go to panera or anywhere else and this food far exceeds.
3	Since my friend was having a serious middle eastern garlic sauce craving we went in search of a middle eastern restaurant and wound up at the Kabob Grill.It's a small place with maybe 5 small tables inside, 2 tiny ones out front and and high-top bar stool area.We started with the hummus, yum-o!  It was a large serving that can out with a few veggies, an olive oil moat (two thumbs up for the presentation).  It was served with pita that was prepackaged in sets of 3 triangles wrapped in individual plastic bags, a bit unnecessary but if the purpose is to seal in the flavor than it was a success. I ordered the falafel aka veggie wrap and my friend got the chicken sawerman wrap, with an extra side of garlic sauce of course, and a side of fattoush salad.  I devoured my wrap, it was great! The falafel with perfect and with all the marinated veggies (beets, radish, lettuce, tomato, and pickles) made it super flavorful.  Needless to say we got our fix and left very satisfied!
3	The food was delicious, but the service was not that great. No one checked on us once between the time we received our food to the time we were ready for the check.
2	my last trip here was terrible. I had heard good things about this place, including the value for the food. The first time I went, I got a vegetarian plate and it was very good. However, the last time (and, I've been told, after management changed), I had a lamb sandwich and it had only 4-5 small pieces of lamb in it. definitely not worth the money for me.
4	Kabob Grill is one of my Charlotte mainstays. I enjoy the freshness and quality of the ingredients as well as the causal, laid-back atmosphere. The hummus (hommos) is really excellent here. My other favorite dish is the lamb kabob wrap - really tasty.
4	The Leo has to be one of the best salads in Charlotte; with its chopped lettuce and mint and parsley, cucumber and tomatoes it cannot get into my mouth fast enough!  The pita that comes with it is perfect for sponging up the remaining lemon vinegarette that is too tasty to waste.I like the falafel here, too.  Crispy on the outside and not mealy on the inside.  My hubs likes the meat specials and gyro.and the baklava?  like taking a bite out of an angel.
4	We love this place.  They know us there and treat us like royalty.  The good and service is always great.
4	Nice selection of Mediterranean foods. Waitress recommended wine from Lebanon, really nice blend. A few sidewalk tables and about a dozen inside tables. Like others said, not fancy decor but friendly service and great food. I'll go back.
4	I think I found another local gem. Pleasantly surprised by this unassuming mediterranean joint tucked away in a Dilworth strip mall. Tried the lamb shawerma yesterday on my first visit and couldn't stop thinking about it so I'm back today for more. And I knew they were special when I asked for hot sauce and they brought out the sriacha instead of Tabasco or Pete's.Will try their wraps next time.
2	Meh sums it up. There are better middle eastern places out there, but if you're in the neighborhood, this will do. It's decent, just not much to write home about.
3	Kabob Grill is the closest I've found my my fave middle eastern restaurant back home (Zaytoon's) The falafel is perfect, lightly crunchy on the outside but soft on the inside, no hockey puck falafel!  The hummus is blander than I'm accustomed to, it's very thin as well but still pretty good.  My complaints are that you can't get wraps after 5 on the weekends ( I had my sights set on a falafel wrap for dinner tonight), the bread is a bit stale & would be better warm and that the hassa potatoes are different every time we go, this time they were blanched & extra spicy, the time before golden brown & mildly spicy.  My favorite is to get the kafta kabob and double hummus, just like Massoud used to make it at Zaytoon's.
4	Family style atmosphere. Food was delicious. Owner talked to us and made suggestions based on our palate. He actually took the time to listen. Coolest thing I saw was when the couple at the other table had finished and were getting ready to discard half their food, he kind of took offense as he stated "I hate to waste food" and  turned their remaining food into sandwiches and sides to take home at no additional charge. I thought that was very cool. This place is what small businesses should be all about. Great food. Will definitely return. Even gave us tips on where to get excellent Mediterranean groceries!
5	I've finally found Middle Eastern deliciousness in the QC!  This is such a quaint little place, with out-of-control good food.  The hummus was fantastic.  I would also recommend the fattoush and any of the kabobs.  We will definitely return!
4	i thought i had reviewed ye olde kabob grille before, but i guess not! hummus is good, the wraps are good, everything i've had is good. what is listed on the menu as a gyro is also good, but is not what i was hoping for when i ordered (probably a lot more traditional). the flavors are expertly matched and your mouth waters just walking in the door. beware, it's small though; maybe 6-8 tables inside and bar seating.
2	One of the more disappointing wrap experience that I've had. I got the lamb wrap. Barely any meat, mostly pita and lettuce. No distinct flavor. Ordered for pick up and told them that I was going to pick it up at noon, when I got there it was waiting for me, but it was luke warm at best, so my guess is that it's been sitting on the counter for 45 minutes. The waitress was short and impolite on the phone, and her demeanor in person wasn't that great either.Costs over $8 with tax and doesn't even come with a side. If I wanted a bland luke warm sandwich, I would have gone to Subway and paid less. Not worth it for the prices that they charge. The only positive, the lamb was pretty tender; the two tiny pieces that I actually tasted in my sandwich.
4	Dilworth-centric, easily reached on bike, dine in or takeout, and full spread of Mediterranean favorites. We decided to try out this location after loving the location in Stonecrest. Happy to say it delivers just the same...and the same is damn good.Went with a menagerie of menu items: Potato Harra (one of my all-time favorites), Hommos and pita, falafel, tabbouleh, and a shawarma gyro. Decided to grab all of these to-go.Goodness. There was nothing left once we were done eating. The hommos is sooooo creamy. Not a speck of grittiness to be found. The falafel is crispy and herby and works great on its own or in a pita as a gyro. The tabbouleh isn't my favorite, but the addition of bulgur wheat is nice. The shawarma is my favorite. Great size for a meal and love the pickles that they serve alongside and inside of the wrap. I'd love to know if they make them in-house. Happy to report it's just as good as Stonecrest and we're happy to have it close to home!
5	I lived in the Middle East for a little while; this is the real deal. My tip is to actually go. It's name and appearance from the outside are deceiving. It's an incredible restaurant with great service and better food. Vegetarian platter is amazing. So is the fried cheese ap.
1	preeeetty disappointing across the board.we got the: vegetarian combo (hommos, tabbouleh, baba ghannouj, falafel, spinach pie, grape leaves, and potato harra), beef shwarma, basmati rice, and baklava. here's a breakdown of (most of) the items:- hommos: 2.5/5; too much tahini and not enough garlic? it was just off. the consistency was fine--creamy and slightly thin--but the taste... mehhhhh.- tabbouleh: 2.5/5; parsley wasn't chopped into small enough pieces and not enough zing (lemon? spices?). it was like eating stems of parsley covered with olive oil.- beef shwarma: 1/5; dry, bland, dry, tough, did i mention dry? - falafel: 2.5/5; bland, dry... to me, a great falafel is crisp on the outside and dense yet fluffy inside. the falafel here was just hard on the outside and crummy (and crumb-y) on the inside.- potato harra: 3.5/5; mediterranean home fries. tasty. especially relative to the rest of the meal.- baklava: 4/5; pretty standard. i don't know what to say. i was so excited to go, given its reviews, but this was hands-down the worst meal i've had in charlotte. even the pita was dry and brittle and not tasty. last, but not least, the prices are steep for the quality and type of food. no me gusta.
2	I tend to judge a Mediterranean restaurant by their shawarma and falafel, since these are pretty standard and easy to make right (or hard to mess up, if you prefer that phrase). I've been to this place three times, all three times I haven't been impressed. Their shawarma doesn't have a very good flavor, and the falafel sandwich is too dry. I understand that falafel is dry in nature, but it shouldn't be this dry. Btw, the shawarma is dry too, but it seemed better after the falafel. The gyro wrap was alright, but still nothing great.I would consider driving to La Shish Kabob or even Zeitoni all the way in Ballantyne before I go to this place again.
2	My husband and I were craving shawarma, and I had heard that this place was good, so we gave it a try. Big mistake. We started with the hummus. It was good, but the pita bread came wrapped in plastic baggies and was terribly dry. It ruined the appetizer, IMO.Husband ordered the chicken pita wrap. Hardly any chicken on it and it came with no sides. I ordered the mixed grill plate. The meats were pretty good, but the kafka was bone dry and my sides were awful. I had the potato harra and it was so overly lemony that it was uneatable. The baba ganosh was also gross. The service was good, which is the only reason I'm giving them 2 stars. Otherwise, it would just have gotten 1 star. I won't be back.
4	I have driven by this place tons of times and today I finally tried them out. The restaurant is a small space with about 8-10 table inside and probably seats about 10 at the bar. The service was very attentive and pleasant. I ordered the falafel wrap with fries. The falafel had the perfect amount of moisture and the sauce was good as well. The fries were a little soggy but I wasn't there for the fries. I would recommend eating here and getting the falafel wrap (if you are into that kind of thing). I do wish I would have tried the Turkish coffee.
4	I had the BEST burger here!!  I was skeptical when my sister said let's go to Kabob Grill, but honestly that burger was the stuff dreams are made of.  It was a lamb and beef burger with feta, cucumber and tomato, some tzatziki.  I didn't even get to have it cooked to my normal medium for a burger, but it was so juicy and the flavor combo was so perfect, it did not matter one bit!  It came with fries and a soda and the fries were decent, but honestly the burger was the stand out.  I also had a vegetable soup but it was a little spicy for my wimpy self.  If you find yourself at the Kabob Grill and they have the burger on the menu, do not hesitate, get it!!
4	This place is great. I work at Dilworth Coffee (next door) and my co-workers and I often get lunch here. Their hummus is SO creamy and delicious! It's definitely one of the best I've ever had. As a vegetarian, I am partial to the falafel wrap: it's always crunchy, fresh and flavorful. They're very generous with their portions, and the prices are more than fair. A great place for a quick, authentic Middle-Eastern style lunch.PS: You've GOT to try "Omar's Salad"! So much flavor!!! It has lettuce, tomato, onion, cucumber, green pepper, sweet corn, parsley, dry mint, lemon juice and olive oil... a-maz-ing!
2	I'm really not a fan of this place. The interior is outdated and gave me the feeling that the place should be steam cleaned. The tables weren't very comfortable either. The menu had a good number of options, especially if you are a big lamb-eater (which I am not). Desserts were pretty good and maybe worth visiting for, however the main course was worth passing.
3	When I'm hungry for Mediterranean food in the Dilworth area, Kabob Grill is on my list. With super fresh ingredients and delicious vegetarian fare, it's definitely an easy choice for the Mr and me.I usually order the vegetarian combo, which includes items such as tabbouleh, hummus, falafel, potato harra, Omar's salad, or a plethora of other choices.The Mr goes with the Chicken Shawarma Wrap and devours it so quickly I can't even get a good look at it!So why only 3 stars?The hummus is pretty boring. The prices are inflated for dinner. For reference, at Kabob Grill, a vegetarian plate and chicken shawarma wrap cost us $24 for takeout before a tip; no drinks or extras included. I have had similar meals that cost significantly less at other Mediterranean restaurants.I know it's a mainstay, and I appreciate its convenience to our home. But I wish there were a little more love put into some of the dishes...and that they didn't charge so much.
4	Very good authentic ethnic cuisine!  Would like to see more lamb selections available for lunch, but was surprised to have baba ganoush available as a side....very tasty too I might add!  I am a huge fan of mediterranean chow so I have no idea why I have not been here before and I will certainly come back for more.....the only knock would be that the service was a bit on the cold side.  Good food helps overcome these kind of short-comings :)
4	They have a good service. I ordered a cheese dessert that i didn't like, they gave it to me for free and also let me pick another dessert for free. maybe it's because i came here by myself and they're so friendly :)
4	I cannot believe I have never eaten here before! The kids and I were starving for some food and we finally agreed to order a hodge podge from Kabob Grill and take it home. Everything we ordered was delicious. The girls wanted grilled chicken over a salad and they were easily accommodated with a child-sized portion. My husband and I ordered specials - he got a wrap, I got something tomato-ey and layered. I can't wait to go back and try out some more options!
2	Food was good albeit expensive, but the girl working there was rude when I was trying to be nice. There are so many great places to eat in charlotte, I will not go to a place where the staff is rude. There is some really great "med" places to eat at on South blvd that will be getting my business instead.
4	Food is reliably very good.  The owners run the place and recognize regulars.  Lots of vegetarian options, the food is authentically middle eastern.  The humus and tabouli are excellent.  If you bring your own plates, they will present your take out as if it were your own.  The kabob are always good, get the garlic sauce for the chicken.
3	So, I'm mixed about this place. It's a perfect lunch spot--relatively quick, healthy and conveniently located in Dilworth. However, it's a tad overpriced for what you get, which I assume can be attributed to the location and rent.They have a decent menu of salads, pita wraps, entrees, appetizers, etc. including lunch special combos that are all about $9-$15. If you want just a pita wrap with no sides it's $7.50 and only available until about 5 pm. I opted for the two kabob and two side special which after tax, tip and no drink was about $13. A little expensive for a casual place and to think that I could go to Savor or 300 East instead and spend the same thing is a little disconcerting.Price aside, the food was pretty good. I got two chicken kabobs with Omar's salad and falafel. The portions were ok, and I was just full after finishing my plate. For $13 though, I could have gotten 2 meals out of a lunch place elsewhere.The falafel and tahini was my favorite part of the meal. They were perfectly crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. The salad had a little too much oil for my liking and spread all over the plate making my chicken soggy.The chicken was decent, not as flavorful as I would have expected.I was impressed with the beautiful presentation of the plates and with how fresh all the ingredients seemed to be. The service was just okay and it took longer than I would have liked to pay and get the checks, especially during a workday lunch.I think I'll return to this place just because it is really the only decent lunch spot convenient in Dilworth that offers authentic Mediterranean fare.
5	Great portion size. Great flavor. Understood our gluten free issues. Vegetarian platter filled me up - 6'10" 225 lbs
5	The lamb kabob was cooked perfectly. Tabooleh and falafel were fantastic. Finished off with knafeh. Must try!
3	This place is okay, but just OK.  I recently went to Kabob Grill for dinner and was reminded of why I haven't dined here in years.  We ordered two entrees - the vegetarian platter and the mixed grill.  We did not order beverages. Consistent with my prior experience at Kabob Grill, I thought it was overpriced as our two dishes came out to $34 before tip.  So figure $41 all in.  I can do a lot better for $41 both terms of volume of food and quality.  My first impression of the food was a bad one.  The pitas came out in little plastic bags.  They were really thin and dry and pretty much unappetizing.  The vegetarian platter looks really nice.  But I just didn't find it very flavorful.  Heck, I can walk over to the Harris Teeter next door at getter better hummus.  Hmmm... actually, I can get pitas at HT that are Way better too.  This should not be the case!  My kabobs were cooked reasonably well, but they were pretty scrawny looking kabobs.  Definitely looked like they were cutting costs by going small on the amount of meat they give you.  I also thought they were a little bland.  I imagine Kabob Grill largely survives based on its location.  I don't think it would stand a chance if it were somewhere like Central Ave where it would be competing against many options for inexpensive ethnic restaurants.  It's in a convenient location and the food is relatively healthy.  But that's really all I can give this place for strengths.  I'm being kind by giving it 3 stars. The more I think about it, 2 may be more appropriate.
3	Halloumi halloumi halloumi!  I go here whenever I am craving halloumi - one of the few places in Charlotte to find it.  It is a great quick lunch spot, but not a place I would go for dinner.  A tiny bit pricy and service is basic, but I can deal with that for halloumi.
4	This little hole-in-the-wall has exceptional food. Perfect for a date. I bet I've eaten here a half-dozen times and the quality has always been consistent. Not ideal for bigger parties, as there are only a few tables that seat more than four. In fact, most of the tables are for two, but you can get away with squeezing a third person in there if you like to cozy up with your dinner guests. Outside of the food, I like it because it's quiet. In fact, I've never seen more than a few tables occupied with any visit. It almost makes me wonder how they stay in business (possibly take-out). I hope they do, 'cause I'd sure miss their food.
