3	The Seventh Street Starbucks in Elizabeth is OK, but not anything spectacular. This Starbucks has far too few seats and tables, and is really drafty and cold sometimes. Plus, it really needs outdoor seating. On many occasions, I've met people at Starbucks for a quick business meeting, we've gotten our drinks, then discovered there is nowhere to sit. Then we usually head over to Philosopher's Stone and sit at their outdoor tables until we get mean looks from PStone employees. So then I just started meeting people at PStone or Jacks instead. One major complaint about Starbucks: You have to pay for wireless. I've only caved in once. I was moving and the Internet was already turned off at my old place and every place with free wireless was already closed.
2	Definitely my least favorite Starbucks in the Charlotte area. The service is lackadaisical and the seating is limited but not that comfy. There's nothing that terrible about it, but with Starbucks, it's the little things that make a big difference, and this one just falls short.
3	So yeah, it's a Starbucks and that means you've got your expected beverages in all their tall, grade, and venti glory along with the usual selection of pastries and breakfast sandwiches.  For my part, I'm hooked on 180 soy mochas with no whip and Starbucks still sets a standard for me.  The first step to recovery is to admit you have an addiction- done.All that said, I'll agree with previous reviews that this location has some pretty limited seating and it's done in a "shotgun style" with a door in the front and a door in the back, with a straight shot through to each.  To its credit, the store was very recently remodeled to include some additional bar seating and I quite like the fact I can park in the back lot and get into the store- easy access and easy departure are more than can be said for most local Starbucks locations.For all the wi-fi vampires out there, all Starbucks now have free wi-fi wrapped in an entrainment package that offers music, news, and more.  I tried it out and it's not too bad for a portal.  Plus, after the welcome splash screen you can surf to where ever you like, all to your heart's content- well, at least as much as 2 hours will get you.Busiest times are weekday mornings from about 7:30 till 8:30- the line can snake all over the front end of the store.  However, outside that rush you can usually find a table seat or enjoy a couple of comfy high-backed chairs perfect for reading something and enjoying a beverage.  Lots of locals stop in, so it's a good place to chat with the neighbors.  If you stop by on a Sunday morning, you can usually find the wife and I thumbing thru the local paper.
3	I have to put the most important fact up front: This Starbucks has never gotten my order wrong, even when I order some crazy shit that no one else would want.That being said, I feel a good/bad breakdown is necessary to really give you the picture on this 'Bucks.The good:~Super comfy orange chairs by the window that are great to plunk down in and, say, write a Yelp review.~The line can get insane looking but I have never had to wait more than a few minutes. ~Most of the staff are really personable.The bad:~The parking lot is compartmentalized and really difficult to navigate when full. Also, getting in and out can be a bear & a half.~Some of the staff are not so personable which is not exactly what I'm looking for when I haven't had my caffeine yet.It's a nice little Starbucks, don't get me wrong. My go-to Starbucks, in fact. But it's not a great Starbucks, and to stand out among a good brand you need to knock it out of the park.
4	I'm a sucker for Starbucks and I'm not scared to admit it.  When it comes to finding a good coffee shop all I am really looking for these days is good service and a yummy beverage.  The Starbucks on 7th offers just that - its small and can get a bit crowded in the morning but the staff always remembers me and is always friendly.  I swing by as many times I can a month before I go broke.  In the new year I unfortunately have made myself cut my coffee budget ...it is seriously my hardest new years resolution yet.
3	One of the sadder looking Starbucks I've visited. Kind of small and cramped. Staff is on top of things though, handling a long line with ease. The coffee was the same as any other Starbucks.
3	Let's face it, Starbucks is Starbucks no matter which one you go to.  This one in particular is very small and the seating is VERY limited.  But very convenient to maintain my coffee/tea addiction.I have only had one issue with this Starbucks, and it was with the morning crew, bad customer service and irritated cashiers.  But the afternoon and evening baristas are always very friendly and patient if you want to try something new.
3	Stopped in after a dinner trip to Crisp, next door.  Honestly, this may indeed be the shortest Yelp review I've ever done, solely because what else is there to say about Starbucks?  This one looks like all the rest-- there is nothing distinguishable, like a magical unicorn in the corner...it's a Starbucks!  This one is a bit small in comparison to other locations, so keep that in mind if you're going during peak times.  Parking is a bit sparse, so you may have to park in the Dollar General lot like we did.  Coffee and tea are fine. Not a huge S'bux fan, would rather have espresso from an automated machine so the product is consistent.  Has anyone else noticed, depending on the barista, the latte's taste different?  (Sometimes burnt or bitter?)
3	I try not to review things like chain coffee shops/gas stations/drug stores etc, because... well, they are all about the same and you normally get what you can expect to get service wise.  But as I'm sitting here, typing away (and obviously not working on what I should be working on), it dawns on me that this particular location (and this particular morning I assume, or I hope, since I don't hoover here regularly), they JAM to jazz.  Omg this music is loud!  I have nothing against ambience music, but at this volume level I'm officially at a concert without knowing it.Ditto other reviews, this is one of the smaller Starbucks, so if you're looking for a desk to work on, good luck... you may have to wait around for one.  And they get crazy busy in the morning between 8:20-9...  I thought people suppose to be at work by then.  You get your order pretty quickly even during busy time, except for me, they semi forgot about mine but I wasn't in a hurry, no biggie.  Ok... back to my concert.
3	Of course, I am addicted to Starbucks...this location I like because it's next door to one of my favorite restaurants, "Crisp."  However, like the other reviewers, it is small & parking is a pain.Pros:Original hardwood floorsNext door to CrispDrinks always come out perfectFree wi-fiCons:SmallNot a lot of parking optionsBaristas aren't too friendly (I've gone on several different days / times & though different baristas, their attitudes are the sameNo patio / outdoor seating
3	Need a cup o' joe on the fly and want to go corporate? Hit up this Starbucks. But if you're looking for somewhere to hunker down and get some work done, there are a handful of other choices in the immediate area. And those choices are local. That being said, there's nothing *wrong* with this Starbucks. It's nicely appointed, clean (save rush hour) and the conjure up a tasty beverage. However, the lack of seating will really provide a buzz kill to your day. Plus, parking is an absolute pain the ass, and is only further crowded by the fellow restaurants and shops in the area. If you're simply looking fora  grab 'n go, this 'Bucks will do just fine. But if you need a bit more space to work and are seeking a local beverage/snack, try Sunflour Cafe or Central Coffee.
2	I've never been happy with this particular location. The Barristas seem to be unfriendly, the beverages are always lacking....something, it's not an easy-in-and-out location, and there's panhandlers in the parking lot at times. I kind of wish they would "take over" one of the houses on 7th Street and make a similar store like the one on East Blvd.A drive-thru this close to downtown would be perfection!Your pal,Walter
4	Great customer service...just wish it was bigger and had more seating.
4	Great and speedy service. Just wish there were more seats since I was meeting friends to converse about a party. But the jazz playing made it worth the wait, and we made due with a small table.
1	I used to be a regular but as of today I am done waiting for the employees to finish their conversations before "getting around" to me, I am tired of them being out of most sandwiches I wish to purchase,and finally I am tired of stepping up to the register only to be met with someone glaring at me instead of asking what I would like.(that's more a weekend thing). I will head over to the Myers Park locale from now on, they seem to appreciate when someone wants to give them their hard earned money.
1	The general rudeness of the baristas at this particular location actually made me stop going to Starbucks for like, years. Thankfully (or not so thankfully, depending on how you look at it) the HT on Central has a brand new Starbucks, and those guys over there are pretty friendly and make fantastic iced coffee. Generally going to get coffee makes me a happier person, but sadly, getting it at the 7th street location has an entirely opposite effect.
4	Tiny Starbucks on a busy intersection. Not much for seating inside, but folks are still here to hangout with their laptops, drink coffee and do job interviews. It's the same as any other *$ with coolers of drinks and pastries.Note that they do NOT have a drivethrough.
5	To a point, a Starbucks is a Starbucks is a Starbucks, but the baristas here are some of the friendliest people I've ever met.  I usually stop in one or two times a week after lunch and they are always all-smiles and super positive.  Hearing them talk with other guests makes it obvious that they work hard to make personal connections with everyone who comes through their doors.  I can put up with their awful parking lot just for the positive vibes this place hands out.
4	Parking is a little tough here, but a standard Starbucks. Quick service and accurate order.
3	This tiny Starbucks has a firecracker of a barista working there.  I don't know what her name is, but I want to hire her for our marketing team.  This girl was legit.Other than that, typical Starbucks (with the addition of a funky back patio).
3	It's a Starbucks. Not a lot of surprises here. If you live in Elizabeth or drive down 7th Street, this is your coffee pop-in stop. The inside is small. Last time I went in for an iced coffee, there was a very awkward job interview happening that sounded more like the worst first date ever. Because of the size of the place, we were all involved. The parking situation here is brutal. Do not park in a space next door that is marked for Dollar Store, etc only. Sure, you may think it's just a few minutes to run inside and grab a cup of joe. They boot in the lot and they do it quickly. Pay close attention to the signs. This is my new Starbucks. I am now an Elizabeth resident. So, yes I'll stop in when there's a free parking spot open and I need some caffeine in my life. If it's busy, I'll venture on down the road to get my fix.
3	Ditto on most the negative stuff.  My server seemed bothered that I requested a plate for my munchies since I was eating there.  Yes, music is loud bit I liked the selections.  Had a pour-over decaf which was excellent, as was the slice of pumpkin bread.  This national chain cannot complete with Charlotte's Not Just Coffee; however, in spite of the awkward parking it's a good compromise.
4	I really like this location, and the baristas here. Sure the parking is chaotic, and the line can get long.Overall it's a Starbucks, accurate and pretty speedy :D
4	The guys and gals at Starbucks will remember your order if you're a regular.  And if you never change, you will have your order almost as soon as you make your way up to the register.  The place is just too small for the amount of people who come for a cup of Joe.  The bathroom is a bit scary, but what can you expect?!   Coffee makes you GO!  The new food company they use is 10000000 times better than the stale old crap they used to serve.  Watch out, most days there are a million cab drivers just chilling at this location.  It makes for difficult parking and long wait times.  The parking lot is FULL of pot holes in the ground.  So it's best to not drive the smaller or sport cars here.  Your tires will bust!  They should really invest in a 10 dollar bag of cement and fix the lot!
