5	Great reliable and friendly service. Nothing better than a clean car. Cloud 9 is excellent.
5	Excellent efficient service!  Love the fact that I didn't have to go anywhere to get my cars to look so amazing.  Thanks Cloud 9 for the an awesome job.
5	Amazing! 2 kids and a mini van = MessyCloud 9 made me feel like I was driving a brand new van. Great customer service and prices. Will use again. Thank you, Cloud 9!
5	When my husband and I were referred to this "mobile" car wash/detailing service...we took the opportunity to use them as my hubby's truck desperately needed a wash inside and out AND Mother's day was just around the corner, and we couldn't figure out the perfect gift to give our mom.  We figured since she just bought a new car that we would help her maintain her car's "sexiness" as she complained that she just bought the car a few months ago and already it needed some TLC on the inside and out.  As you may want to know, my mother-in -law is NOT just Grandma...she is Glam-Ma!  I called to schedule the service on 5/9/12 and as you can only imagine I was freaking out because Mother's Day was on Sunday...only 4 DAYS away!  Yea, I know I'm a procrastinator!  Any how, the person we spoke to who books the appointments understood the urgency and easily accommodated our request and got us in that Friday before!Cloud 9 detailing comes to YOU!  It was great, because my mother-in-law didn't have to take her car any where, she was able to see what was going on, and we took advantage and brought our truck to her house so ours can also get some lovin'.  Cloud 9 arrived on time and stayed for as long as he felt he needed to in order to get the cars just right!  By the way, this is a one man team...very hard working owner who takes pride in his job...and boy did he bring "Sexy back" to both of the cars!  More brownie points for me with my mother-in-law.  I would recommend to everyone!
1	I purchased a groupon and tried calling them several times the last few months to set up an appointment.  I was never able to talk to someone on the phone or get a call back.  I finally had to e mail groupon today to try and get my money back, I will not use this business In the future.
5	Great service! Attention to detail.. Great pricing! Will use again and recommend.
