4	We went to Garcia's for a dinner.  Our party was large---6 adults, 2 toddlers and a newborn.  The restaurant gladly accomodated us.  They had high chairs for the toddlers but no sling for the baby carrier.  However, that was resolved by putting the baby carrier on a chair.The restaurant is typical of Mexican restaurants in that they bring out the tortilla chips and salsa.  What was different, however, is that in addition to the salsa, a bean dip is also brought out.  Both were quite spicy---not spicy enough to burn your mouth but still noticeable.The portions for the main courses were huge.  I ordered a make your own combo platter with a chile relleno and a shredded beef taco.  The taco was good.  The chile relleno was unusual in that it was the spiciest one I've ever had!   Chile rellenos are--as a rule-- a mild dish.  I asked others in our party what they thought about their meals and they, too, found theirs to be spicier than usual.  Service was excellent.  The waiter was very attentive and patient.  We would go again next time we're in town but now know to expect food that's uniformly spicier than usual.
4	My husband and I go to this Garcia's about once a week. The previous reviewer mentioned the food is spicy. I don't know what the food in VA is like, but Garcia's is extremely mild in my opinion. I grew up in Cali and have lived in AZ for the past 8 years so I grew up on Mexican food and love spicy foods. The salsa is extremely mild, much more sweet than spicy. And the bean dip? Very tasty but certainly not spicy. As far as Mexican food goes, Garcia's is right there alongside most Mexican restaurant chains. The reason I love them so much is their fajitas!! The marinade they use for the chicken is the best I have ever tasted. It is really the only thing I ever order there anymore. Another great thing about Garcia's is they have 2 "healthy" dishes available for people who are watching their waistlines. I have had both (Grilled Chicken Flautas and a Chicken and Spinach Quesadilla) and both are pretty good for lower calorie fair.I would certainly recommend this Garcia's. Service is almost always good, it's never too crowded and the food is not bad and very affordable.
1	Every time I ate at Garcia's, I got sick.  The last time I ate there, my appendix burst. No joke. A few years after my near-fatal experience, a friend of mine ate there and the next day her appendix burst! Avoid this restaurant like the plague.   Unless you enjoy going septic, that is.
3	The beans aren't that great.  The only thing I get here which I think is great is the pollo fundido.  I have also had the tortilla soup which was quite tasty as well, and on a surprising note, their fries are awesome, but the burgers only so so.....pollo fundido with fries....hmmmm.  I go here about once a  year.
3	1. Good Customer Service2. Clean Atmosphere3. Good Margaritas4. YUMMIE Carna Asada Burrito
2	We were dissapointed.  We wanted to eat outside and were told to seat ourselves.  We did and found that there was food encrusted on the table tops and several tables had not been cleared.  We went back inside and though the service was adequate, the food was bland and uninteresting.
2	Ive been here on multiple occasions and I have never been fully satisfied. The wait staff is poor. On one visit, two other couples had been seated and received their drinks before we even saw our waitress. Another time, we were the only ones in the restaurant and still waited 10 minutes before we saw our waitress to ask for the check. The food: It comes out fast which is kind of scary. It makes me think that they are just popping in the microwave. I watch a lot of kitchen nightmares :-pThe chips and dip served when you arrive is more filling than the food to be honest. I liked the margaritas...Good pricing!Finally the best part: The chocolate mini chimis.
5	This is another location I have visited many times and every time I received great service and ate great food without fail. The food is cheap and the atmosphere is descent. Bonus points go to the excellent Fried Ice Cream!
4	The service was great! Walked in, saw empty space at the far end of the bar, went over to find that the space was empty because there were no chairs there but within seconds one of the guys/manager(?) was carrying over 2 chairs for us to use!  Then within seconds of sitting down we had someone delivering chips, salsa and bean/dip.  Then came the friendly bartender service (Adam), who informed us of their happy hour and 1/2 price happy hour app specials, etc.   We ordered the chicken/steak combo fajitas and added a cup of the tortilla soup to it. The soup came out first and was hot and had lots of chunks of chicken in it! We were not disappointed.  You can't beat that for an extra $2.50! The fajitas came out sizzling (just the way we like them) and were cooked perfectly. There was a lot of meat - more than you usually get on combo fajitas.  We really liked the atmosphere and with service and food backing it up - we'll go back and tell our friends!
4	Good food. Was here for lunch. It was slow but the service was ok and she was nice. There are lunch specials here to until 3pm. Cheese enchiladas were good. Fabulous been and salsa dip!
3	Garcia's is alright. Nothing special, just kind of blah food. Not bad though if you are happen to be close by. This would not be on the top of my recommendation list.
2	I've had margaritas at hundreds of restaurants, and the house margarita at Garcia's was by far the WORST one I've ever had.  So bad, in fact, that I didn't even finish it.....and that's never happened before.  It tasted more like a lime popsicle....that supposedly had tequila in it.The spinach queso was good, as well as the chips.  Salsa was mild.....bland.  It took our waiter well over 5 minutes to take our drink order, but service improved after that.All in all, probably won't be going back.
2	Canned food & terrible drinks.
3	You can't beat the Kids Eat Free on Sundays.  I can bring my three kids and they have lunch (more than they can eat) and a drink. My husband and I order off the lunch menu- a combo with rice and beans and with tax the bill comes to $18.The problem is the yucky water- so any drink I try... water obviously or iced tea or soda tastes moldy/bad.The free chips with salsa and bean dip is my favorite part. Spinach Enchilada- goodChile Relleno- okayCharro Beans- okaySpanish Rice- yucky (though really it has to be awesome for me to like it at all)If I didn't have 3 kids eating free I wouldn't eat here.
1	Garcia's earns 1 star  because there was one person at the table who enjoyed the meal. Garcia's is definitely not gluten free friendly inspite of the so-called gluten free menu which I can almost recall by heart it is so short. Chicken Gasedo  (shredded chicken in soup bowl one of my tablemates called chicken slop) Beef Machaco, see chicken description, Veggies, Salsa, Black beans or charro beans, house salad with vinegar and oil. So for $9.99 I got a bowl of chicken slop and a cup of black beans. I thought when I got the bill I would be charged ala carte for both items but I wasn't. So don't know if the waiter didn't charge me or what. Word to the wise at Garcia's, add some corn tortillas, maybe keep a bag of tostitos in the kitchen.
5	My husband and I came in here late one night, close to closing time, and we still had amazing service. We were treated like we were valuable customers, even though it was late & the staff probably wanted to go home. I got the mini chimis & my hubby got the chili relleno. I'm a Mexican food junkie & this is pretty dang good!
3	Our waiter was very nice and very attentive and there was also a very nice woman who made sure we never ran out of chips, salsa, or bean dip. The food was good, not great but good. My husband had the El Magnifico Sampler, I had the Olivia's Sampler, and our son had the Mini Tacos and Chimis off the Kid's Menu. It was all good and we all had leftovers for the next two days. We also had a couple of margaritas which were very big and good as well. We did have water and luckily I asked for lemon in mine. My husband took one sip and said, "Ugh that is Mesa tap water for sure." I really think they should invest in a water filtration system and their rating would go up by at least one star.
3	We called ahead for a reservation for 7 and when we arrived we were able to get seated right away which was great. The staff was friendly our only complaint would be that the food took FOREVER to come out so we went through a few bowls of chips while waiting.
5	We ate here last evening and there were four of us.  We all had one thing different and we can honestly say it was " the best" Mexican food we have ever had.   The service was excellent, too!
4	Came here with the In-law family for a group dinner on a wedding weekend. Food was quite tasty and servings were just plain obnoxiously large. When I come back through, I'll make sure we make this a stop.
3	Came here for dinner and everything was good. The pollo fundido came out hot and fresh, the tortilla soup was better than expected, and the chips and salsa did not disappoint. The only problem was that the chiles rellenos came out soggy and actually overstuffed with cheese(I know, usually a good problem). Overall, it was an enjoyable experience and our waitress was attentive and friendly, so I'll definitely be back.
4	This is our go-to local Mexican joint, close to the house and kids eat free on Sundays.
2	Ate at Garcias a few times over the years.  Up until tonight, it has always been a dependable place to get some good food with some good service.  We arrived later in the night and the place was maybe 40% full, but still had to stand up front waiting for anybody to greet us or seat us for a few minutes.  I ordered an iced tea that ended up tasting odd to me, but the server was nice about getting me something different.  However, the half drank tea cup remained on the table, stacked on two small dirty plates and were still on the table when we left.  The salsa and beans (which every table gets) were eaten quickly, but we were never asked if we would like more. Several tables around me were asked several times if they would like more.  The food was tasty and the restaurant was clean.
5	I don't get to visit the Mesa location often but it has been worth it each time I go. The food is still just as good along with the service. We came in for lunch on a Tuesday so it wasn't busy at all. The server was very helpful and attentive. Love Garcias one of the best Mexican food places for Fajitas, hands down!
4	I've been here twice and have had a decent experience both times. The menu is large with a lot of different choices and reasonably priced. Kids eat for .99 on Sundays which is always a good thing.We went this past Sunday and were seated promptly. There were a lot of people dining but a good amount of open tables left. Our server came over quickly (do not recall his name) and took our drink order. When he came back to take our food order he came across like he was paying attention but got a few things wrong. Not usually a big deal if it's something that can be corrected, but he had to be reminded. When the manager came by to ask how everything was (toward the end of the meal) we let him know that the kid's meals were incorrect but they had eaten more than half. He offered free dessert but we were stuffed.I ordered the pollo fundidto and it was alright. The cream cheese didn't have much spice like I expected it to. My husband was happy with his fish tacos and his mom loved the carnitas tacos. The chips, salsa, and bean dip prior to the meal was good and of course I made the mistake of eating too much. I love that Garcia's is just down the street so we will definitely be back...but probably just on Sundays.
4	We stopped going to Garcia's for a long time after a few bad experiences. We had raw chicken once, wrong orders once, etc. So after close to a year, my daughter talked me into giving them a try again since they were once a favorite. Well....They are BACK! It was really good again. I love that they bring out bean dip and salsa. I don't like beans but it is a nice touch. The pollo fundido was amazing like it used to be. Great rice, great salsa, great service. They have coupons regularly in the paper as well. The manager was going around asking everyone how their service and food was which I always appreciate. We will be back and soon! Glad they have hopefully fixed the problems they were having!
5	One of my favorite Mexican food restaurants around. Awesome chips ad salsa, great environment and great nice and friendly service. Food comes out fast and fresh, no complaints at all. Favorite meal is the burrito meal that is covered with cheese and sour cream and awesome tender juicy chicken inside burrito. Highly recommended Garcia's!! Can't go wrong
2	Went there for dinner had to wait for about 10 mins to come ask us for a drink order. Whom was the manager then the server she took forever coming back never asked if we waited another drink or anything had to ask another person to give us the check. Gave them a few times but the service as gone down so badly will not be back again
1	Gross, microwaved food, slow service, cheap salsa, beans are watery mess. Bean dip is awfull.  Much better places then this place, go somewhere else for mexican, taco bell would be better.
4	I used to love Garcia's. Then after 2 really bad experiences (we are talking raw chicken bad), I didn't go for close to 3 years. Decided to go back about 4 months ago because I had a coupon and was hoping they had fixed the problems. Now after 3 visits, I can say they are back!!! I always get the Pollo Fundido. Chicken wrappted in jalapeno cream cheese and deep fried. YUM! I love their chips and salsa and bean dip that they serve. The service has been great each time since we started going back. There are usually $5 off coupons out there which is a great added bonus. They have great fajitas as well but I have a hard time straying from my pollo fundido! I am so happy they are back to really good food and service. Reasonable prices as well!
4	Yummy!!!!!!!I love this place, the food is awesome (especially at happy hour) the service is friendly and inviting and the atmosphere in the bar is excellent.Just for the record I always went on happy hour, a few beers washing down the free tortilla chips and dips followed by one of their delicious appitizers.I WILL BE BACK!!
2	If you're looking for good Mexican food, keep looking.  This place served me some of the worst Chile Colorado that I've ever had, despite the server telling me it was "really good".  The chips are bad (light, cheap, flavorless), the salsa is over salted and generally no better than your average grocery brand.  The Chile. . .  I don't even have the words - too salty to eat - but even barring that it was beef chunks in a brown gravy (!) with a nice film forming on it.  The flavor was shallow, dull, thick and generally poor.  I took literally one bite, asked for the check, paid and left.The rest of the experience was fine.  Cleanliness, service, etc are certainly within acceptable margins for a chain restaurant.  Some people are passionate about food.  These people are not.  If you are, you'd be much better served at a place like Casa Ramos which is about a block away.
1	Disgruntled and uninterested is the best description I can give to the services provided by the bartender/waitress at this location of Garcia's.  I was sadly disappointed.   Maybe you'll be more fortunate if you come at a different time.  I showed up for happy hour on a Tuesday at 3pm.  The food was decent but not good enough to overshadow the unhappy, unfriendly server.
5	Eric !!!!!! is amazing! My husband and I asked our server for the name of the guy that was buzzing all over the place, working like a slave - nonstop - constantly smiling, happy, asking if anyone needed anything, bringing refills, greeting people, clearing tables ..... he was absolutely the most wonderful, friendly,  helpful personality in the place!!  BEST service of any eating establishment we've been to in this area. Five star !!!!!!!!!!
2	So last night we ventured out to Garcia's for my favorite dish.. pollo Monterrey..  I love that dish,  well, I did.. they changed the recipe, some red pesto and too many tomatoes, very watery.   Didn't taste good and presentation was awful, just thrown on the plate. bartender informed me they changed food vendors so the food changed.. obviously not home made.   Very,  very disappointed.
2	I'm a man who loves Mexican food, but I was not a fan of Garcia's. The restaurant and staff were fine but the food was not. When the food came out almost everything was burnt. It probably would have tasted fine otherwise but my meal was not.
5	Found this gem when the other mexican restaurant down the street was closed. We got soft drinks and chips with salsa & AMAZING bean dip to start out with. As an app we ordered the Cheese Crisp and got the beef Chimichanga! Our server was hysterical and checked on us frequently. This was a great place and I would love to go back!
1	The worst "mexican" food i have ever had. The portions were enormous but so bad. The steak in my quesadilla was tough and didn't taste good at all. I will never go back.
1	I had some friends here visiting Saturday and BRAGGED about this place. I was very disappointed. The waitress greeted us almost immediately and yet it took 20 minutes to get a glass of water, followed by cold bean dip. An hour before our drinks finally came. When the food finally came out EVERYTHING was cold, all 4 of our platters. None of ate we all asked for boxes and then gave our boxed food to a peddling Bum outside the front door asking for money.I doubt I will ever go back again, what a shame... I was a waitress once, I would have asked if something was wrong if I had a 4 top and nobody touched it !!
4	A great patio bar with full service. Gotta love their huge margaritas, they rock. I love the patio after a nice long ride on the Harley. Cooling misters, fantastic service, ice cold beverages, all the food is wonderful, and those that like a smoke can indulged on the patio. Can park your bike right next to the patio and walk in - no need to enter the main restaurant.. I have been going there for a very long time and it is still a top place relax, get a an awesome margarita and some super food. I rate the waitress' 10 of 10.
5	I had the sampler plate sunday Fathers Dayit was so goodlittle chimis beans polla fundidos...so delicious.The help is awesome awesome-we love Bryan and Kylie.Usually sit on the patio but it was hot and windy last sunday.Try it-you will like it.
1	This place is not good! The waiter was incomprehensible and the food is yucky. You're friends are going to say it's fine but don't give into peer pressure! The end!
1	So I ordered a burrito from this "establishment" and there was plastic wrap cooked INSIDE my food. Luckily it wasn't melted in my food so I just pulled it out. When I notified the DISTRICT MANAGER who happened to be on duty at that time she was peeved that I told her I wasn't going to let her remake my food because obviously their staff does not follow the proper food handling procedures otherwise this little mishap never would have happened. She then grabbed her other manager ERIC and they proceeded to attack me and ask me not to return to Garcia's. This  is completely backwards. Dude, you guys cooked plastic wrap into my food and you're mad at me? Brian the server is horrible and talks to customers unprofessionally. I will not be back to this location. I recommend that you take your business to a cleaner establishment.
2	Went out for dinner tonight at garcia's.  I have been here a few times recently and it is looking a little weathered.  Tonight we arrived and waiting in the entrance I noticed that no one bothered to greet me.  When it time to be seated they took me to my booth which sad a pretty loud section. After being left at the table we waited a few minutes but noone showed up to get our drink order.  At some point someone brought us chips.  We waited,  decided on our order, chatted and ate chips.  While we waited saw other people getting served.  Eventually after about fifteen minutes and most of the chips,  we decided to leave.  On the way out someone tried to take our order but we went to  Serrano instead.
2	The food was ok. Not very authentic, but tasted ok, and good if you have little kids with simple palates. Service was very poor unfortunately. We waited in the foyer of the restaurant for 5 minutes before anyone even noticed us. Two members of the wait staff were just hanging out at a booth in the bar. The bar tender saw us but did not make eye contact or greet us. I finally had to go interrupt the two servers who where chit chatting at the bar amongst themselves, to see if they could seat us. There was really no excuse for the poor service. There were only two other families eating in the whole restaurant. Sorry, don't think we will be back. When I go out to eat dinner, I expect good service.
1	So we came to this restaurant about 4 years ago and it was good.We came back here tonight 11/12/2014.Wow I can't figure out what was so special about this place.We get seated in a both, so that was nice with the baby. Then that was it no water on the table to drink, while waiting for the waiter. Then after about 10 minutes a waiter shows up we order our drinks and food and a hour later the waiter tells us, sorry for the wait, their are only 2 cooks. We finally got our food a hour and a half later after ordering.Well I'll never come back here again.I wonder if they will wait a hour and half after we leave for their money.Wow and this dinner was lousy worst so called Mexican food ever.The check for the 3 of us was $40. That's crazy.
2	Worst Mexican chain in town.  Food is plain and low quality.  Service is delayed.  The steak quesadilla is good with cream cheese but I wouldn't go back again.
2	My coworkers and I came here for our lunch break. It took F O R E V E R to order and receive our food. Then it took an eternity for the waiter to bring our check. Took an hour and a half to get in & out on our lunch break. I ordered the steak quesadilla. Not bad if you like mostly peppers & onions. I had 2 slices of the quesadilla. Of the 2 slices I had, one piece of steak in each slice. I opened the rest of the quesadilla up to look at it. Maybe, MAYBE 8 pieces of meat in the whole quesadiila. Only one of us enjoyed our food. That was Lee. She ordered a cheese crisp with taco meat. I have to say it looked good. However, we all agreed we will never come back here for lunch....or dinner.
2	Not a bad Mexican food chain restaurant. Servers are attentive. But there's a much better and cheaper option down the street from this joint.
