4	Heaven is a Baby Fat and an order of their awesome steak fries.
5	now this is the "best" hamburger around. huge, thick & juicy really flavorful. the relish & pickles just kill. the onion rings were super-fresh hot & crispythis place is great-it doesn't matter where it's located in a food court or a stand-alone shop. they are always consistent. every thing is made to order. and the burgers always leave you wanting more. I lived across the street from in & out burger for 3 years-they are good but-fatburger is #1. always good service, fast & friendly staff, place is always clean & the decor is traditional burger stand. we love it!!!Get yourself a baby fat meal with fat fries & a shake you won't regret it. Voted Best Fast-Food Burger!
3	No thanks to Dollar car rental, we got to my friend's house in Vegas at 3 PM (after a 12:45 flight arrival) and by that time we were freakin' starving.  Fatburger to the rescue!Got a standard cheeseburger and fries.  It was good, but I wish someone had told me the skinny fries are coated fries -- yech.  The burger was a wee bit overcooked and dry.  Maybe we should have eaten them there instead of taking them back to her house, but it wasn't THAT far away.Had to go, though, 'cause I can go to In-n-Out any day but there's no Fatburger in my hometown...
5	It's an awesome burger joint!!! I always order the XXL burger. This thing is freaking huge! I can only imagine the XXXL lol If you need a break from Carls jr (my favorite), McDonald's, Jack in da box, etc... this joint is for you.I put reservations yes. Because you can order online or by phone!
2	Fatburger wouldn't be my first choice for lunch.  First of all, the burger is kind of expensive.  Secondly, it's not that great.  Although, it looks delicious.  When I went in all I wanted was a cheeseburger with the works.  I felt like I was signing up for life insurance.  They kept bombarding me questions.  Just do it right and stop making things so complicated.  It's supposed to be fast food.
1	Closed!!!!!!!!  :-/
