5	Everytime I'm around the area I have to visit this cute little puppy boutique. For a small space they honestly have so many services! I buy most of my dogs toys here and treats which they always love!
4	I'm a fan. This place is fun! I don't live on this side of town so i don't go as often as I use to but it's a fun little store. Over priced as most doggy boutiques are, but they do have some unique items.
4	I love love love flea bags! It's my favorite doggy bakery. They have great treats, always cute, seasonal cookies, and our dogs love them. They are a bit pricey, but worth it!
5	Love this place! The staff is so nice, they know me by name when I walk in now! I love going to Flea Bags for their homemade dog treats, dog birthday cakes & their large selection of Tuffy toys. Tuffy toys are expensive ($25), but THEY LAST!
4	Whenever I am on that side of town, I always stop by Flea Bag's. The store is very cute and well decorated. The employees are always so kind and willing to help. Dogs are welcome inside, which is very nice. The store is small, but is packed with treats, accessories, and toys. I love to browse their collar and toy section whenever  I am there. Items are a bit pricey, but are of good quality. The best part is the bakery, by far. My Corgi loves to visit and pick out a special treat for herself. The designs vary each time I am in there store and the treats smell so good I want to try one. Along with every day treats, they also do custom birthday cakes. I bought one for my dog's first birthday and she loved it!! It was gone before any of us knew it. I would definitely recommend stopping by and bringing your pooch along.
5	I love this place. Well, my dogs love the goodies I buy them here even more!They have special ordered stuff for me, and are always very friendly when I stop in.
1	I can't believe so many people give this place anything above a 1 star.  We've been three times because it was so close to our house, what a bummer.  The scary thing is their staff doesn't know much of anything about dogs.  We asked for a trainer recommendation and they looked at us like we were crazy then suggested that we look through the business cards that people drop off on the counter.   The bakery is cool, but I would be worried with a staff that knows so little about dogs to feed my puppy food from this place.  I just don't want to mess around with something that might not be healthy. The part that is a real bummer, and why we will never be back, is that they don't take any returns for anything, ever.  We bought a toy for our dog, decided we didn't want it and tried to take it back the next day.  I had the receipt and it was in one of those plastic clam shell things...totally unopened.  They still said they wouldn't take it back.  The thing cost $27 plus tax too boot!  I did a little research and found two local pet stores within a mile that both carry the same products for less, and their staff is well trained.  I would stay away if I were you...cute does not equal safe or fair.
5	Warm and inviting store.  Friendly staff. Adorable and unique toys as well as fashions for pets.  I live in CA and every time I go to Las Vegas, a trip to Flea Bags is a must.  Worth the drive and the price to give my dogs treats that are freshly made with wholesome ingredients.
4	I came to the District for a doggy meet-up so naturally wanted to check out this store. This a great place for treats with their in-house bakery. Not too much on the food selection, but a few holistic brands are sold there. It's very accessory heavy, specially designer ones. I was looking for Puppia Harnesses, but in the styles I wanted unfortunately they didn't carry big enough for our hefty chesty pug. I guess the demographics for the "cute" stuff is tiny toy dogs....big busty girl needed clothes love too. :-( Not bad of a place to look if you're in the area. I obviously am not a regular since I live in Centennial Hills, but if there was one up here I would probably go. The barkery cookies were definitely a pleaser!
4	Flea Bag has really cool and unique items for pets.They carry premium pet food and the bakery items are really good.Probably the best thing about Flea Bag is dogs seem to like the place.  You can't walk in without two or three dogs having a meeting.  It's a cool thing to witness.
4	So I wouldn't really consider this a "pet supply" store in the sense that At your Service" (also in Henderson!) is. If I'm looking for things like raw meaty bones or organic bully sticks or food at fair prices I'm all about "At your Service" down the street. That being said, for all those freaking ADORABLE extras that make being a dog owner fun, I can't recommend  this place highly enough. I've been to a lot of cutesy pet boutiques when we travel to California and I found this place comparable. Cute treats (that my dog adored of course), reallly cute collars, outfits, and leashes and some unique fun toys I hadn't seen anywhere else. The prices are on the hgih end, but not all that surprising for the sort of thing they sell. If your'e looking for a gift for the dog lover in your life (or your dog!) this place is awesome. We took Pearl here for her 1st birthday and I must say she did enjoy it quite a bit !
5	First off, Flea Bags is a great local family owned pet boutique!They carry nothing but the best quality "manufactured" foods and treats and the "homemade" treats they make in store are made with quality human grade ingredients. We mostly go for the bakery items since we have a great big doggy and most of the boutique items are for smaller breed dogs; though they have an excellent variety of collars and leads for dogs of all sizes. It's a little spendy, but all of the items are very high quality...worth the cost.
4	Norton my beloved retriever loves this place and the ladies here are always happy to see him walk in the door.  They have great products here carefully selected toys and treats for your dog's health.  I love that it's locally owned and I hope they do well!
5	My dog Twain sure is picky. He has decided he does not like some of the things I bring him home from Flea Bag's, but that does not mean I don't LOVE this place. Whenever I go to The District I always make a stop here to pick up some doggy treats. I love their bakery style set up. I usually always pick up a few different treats for the pup here! They always have new, fun treats. Fun for me to pick out and of course, makes my pup jump for joy.I can't comment on the dog food since they don't carry the brand I feed my dog, but they do have a decent selection of toys, collars, etc. There are a lot of healthy little treats here as well. Mostly it's a bunch of stuff for those lil tea-cup dogs, and my dog definitely does not fit the bill there.Oh and the staff are amazing. I have always been treated to very kind and congenial conversation here. So if you need some tasty treats for your four legged type friends than you should check this place out.
5	Love this place & so do my two pups. Huge selection of everything you could ever want for your fur babies. Homemade treats are the best. Super customer service.
5	Love this place! This is the best place in Vegas to spoil your pet! They have everything from fresh baked (yummy looking) dog treats, to Juicy Couture outfits, to leashes, to dog wigs to dog toys. The owner is amazing and know me by name. My little dog is a very picky eater, and she is awesome with helping me find treats that will help fatten her up. They have stuff for all sized dogs so don't steer away just because you don't have a toy sized dog! It's so close to my house, convenient parking, friendly service, and after you can walk around in dog-friendly District! **They also have a small cat section! I haven't checked it out due to not having a cat but treat the cat too!
4	Although I do agree with Jabez that not all staff is knowledgable, they are friendly and try to help where they can. I live in Henderson and previously would travel all the way to Three Dogs, when I discovered this place it was a god send. They make their own treats(which makes it smell wonderful inside) and they make cakes! It is higher priced but it is a retail store in the District. All those stores are higher priced. My only wish is to have different cake favors peanut butter is great but gets boring esp. since both my pups bdays are only 2 months apart. Otherwise it's fun and adorable, I also love seeing their pets hanging out there ;) shows good character.
4	If your a dog lover, then this is the place to bring your furry friend.. They have everything you need to spoil your pooch. From Swarovsky bling blings to gourmet cookies, they got it all. They even sold beer for dogs incase you wanted your friend to drink with you. The staff is friendly, I was greeted with a friendly salutation and the guy was very helpful and informative. Feel free to bring your pets they are very pet friendly. I purchased an all natural shampoo here and it smelt so good on my dog. It did not have that stinky doggy smell. I usually buy their gourmet cookies as well. This place is located in the District shopping mall in Green Valley Ranch. Shop now and spoil your pooch!
5	This place is awesome! I wish that the cute little treaties were for human consumption. I bought my dog a puzzle toy here (which she figured out in abouuuut 10 minutes) and would have bought her tons more stuff had I not been restricted by a weight limit on my suitcase! This is a really nice alternative to big box pet supply store. Loved it! My only complaint is that it's a little bit cramped. I felt like I was going to knock things over with my big purse. They just have a lot of inventory and not a lot of space since most of the store is taken up by the baking equipment and display. But all in all a great place!
4	This place is as adorable as its name!  Very cute pet shop and dog bakery (that smells so good you're almost tempted to buy yourself some pastries but, um, you know better).  A friend bought some fresh doggy treats for her pup at a great price.  There are some really adorable toys and things to spoil your furry friend.  They have knick knacks and dog-related things for people too (dog picture frames, mugs, dog figurines, etc.).  Also, a very friendly employee spent time talking to us and making recommendations.One complaint, and maybe I'm just imagining this, is that it seemed geared towards "smaller" dogs.  I have a 60+ lb lab mix and there didn't seem to be a whole lot of beds, toys and clothing options (not that I like to dress my dog up, lol) for larger pupsters.  But I had so much fun walking around the store and looking at everything.      I think I'd have enjoyed my time here even if I didn't have a pet!   Worth a drop-in if you're at The District.  :)
4	I love how cute this store is. I've been coming here for the past 5 years to get special treats or birthday cake for my fur-babies. The store smells like fresh baked goods as soon as you walk in. I also love how they have 4 legged helpers in the back.
5	This review comes to you from my dog Mojave...Dog pizzas, cupcakes, BBQ bones, canolli's and more! Flea Bags has the best of the best when it comes to dog treats. All treats are made in house too.There is also a great selection of collars, beds, clothing, toys and other pet accessories. Luckily my mom loves me enough to take me shopping here for my birthday. I'm such a lucky dog! I finally got my 49'ers sweater for the fall! They even have a few things for those stupid cats! The only thing my mom wants me to mention is that it's a bit pricey at times, but If you love your kids spare no expense.  :)
5	I bought my dog a birthday cake from here. I called on a sat and wanted to pick it up on Sunday, that was fine with them! Every other place I called said I needed to wait a couple days. Anyway the cake was super cute in the shape of a dog bone, pink and white cream cheese frosting, it was peanut butter cake ! And little confetti pieces all over. They also have very adorable dog clothing and accessories.
1	We bought a doggie cupcake from here, when we got home and took off the wrapper it was hard as a rock and we found cobwebs inside of it. I finally got around to going in just to let them know about the treat. When I informed the girl behind the counter (I think she was filipino) she was rude, uninterested and condescending. Extremely disappointed by her reaction and lack of respect. I get it she's probably making minimum wage and doesn't care but she should at least try to pretend for the customers sake. Her poor service is the reason why I'm writing this negative review.
4	I love this store and Ralf loves everything we get from here. They have freshly baked treats for dogs like cannolis, cupcakes and cookies that range anywhere from $1-2 each. We've been coming here for the past 3 years and the quality and service have not changed.They have plenty of toys such as balls, plushies, chew toys and puzzles. Pretty much anything you need for your beloved pup, they have it here: blankets, beds, grooming products, leashes, clothes, dog tags, etc. If you love your pup and you have a spoiled brat, then you definitely should come here.
5	My dog's birthday was today, and I was nervous to see if she would like the pink cupcake we got her. She ate the whole thing and licked the carpet clean. My other dog loved her little cupcake we got her (she's a Chihuahua)! I also got my birthday dog a shark stuffie and she loves it. I'm very happy with the products! Will definitely be returning!
3	A definite pet owners paradise.  Lots to choose from, although I found them to be very pricey.  (Dog harness at $45).  A pet friendly store with lots of tasty treats for the 4 legged friend.
5	It was dog's birthday a couple weeks ago. Hadn't looked into ordering a cake til the day. Lucky enough it wasn't too late to order one here. Picked it up later that day and my dog loved it. Had never gotten my dog a cake before so I was nervous if she would even be amused by it. She ate it all, of course not all at one sitting since the cake was her size. It was customized and they had a birthday hat too. Was extremely happy with the service!
5	I love their doggy birthday bone with icing. My dogs love it every year! Their cookie treats are a decent price and it's just something fun and different for our dogs to enjoy.Their doggy bone cake is wonderful as well, but it does take more time. So if you plan on picking one of those up, then make sure you pre-order. Sometimes I forget and want a cake, but usually I forget and I'll have to go with the doggy birthday bone with icing instead, but it's still great!
4	Really helpful staff. They have a huge variety of harnesses and collars. We got some treats for our little guy that they bake themselves at the store. They also have really cute dog related decorations for the home. Definitely suggest bringing your dog so that you get the right size harness and collar!
5	I am in love with this store! The staff is very helpful, knowledgeable and friendly. No pushy salespeople here.  Met the Manager Imelda.  She was a great help!  Lots of items to choose from.  I spent close to $300 for my spoiled pup. I finally caved and got one of those dog strollers I used to think were so silly.  It keeps my dog's paws clean, prevents him from eating junk on the floor, prevents him from having accidents at shops, etc. Also bought him a custom Swarovski crystal collar.  Very pleased with my purchases. I will definitely visit this shop again whenever I'm in town.
