3	She is a good doctor and has helped me a lot with my Hashimoto's and is willing to prescribe natural meds. The only negative is the wait time and lack of friendliness with her staff. I literally have waited 50 minutes plus each visit. It just sucks to finally find a good doctor but then spend half your day waiting in the office before even getting into a room to just wait longer.  UPDATE: I ended up waiting 1 1/1 hours total that day just for follow up blood work results.
1	I work in healthcare and it takes ALOT for me to feel let down by medical personnel. I don't know whether to blame the Dr or her staff. During my first visit, Dr Aragon was nice and thorough but it was obvious she was preoccupied. She ordered a lan and directed me to make appt to discuss it after it comes back. I got my labs drawn 7/31. Waited 1 week, no response. Called on 8/7 and was told I had to leave a message, left message, waited 1 week with no response.  Called back on 8/15 and was told someone would call back after Dr was done "reviewing" my labs. Come 9/9 still nothing! I call and told them I wanted to pick up my labs to take to another Dr and was told "well, we usually don't call if the labs are normal" which contradicts what Dr Aragon said. Then I said well I am picking it up (to take somewhere else) but can you tell me if you even have it and are you authorized to tell me if I am at least OK? A moment of silence while she reviews it, "Oh! Well...I'm looking at it and you should definitely come in and talk to the Dr about it!" REALLY? Now I've wasted time and money that I don't have and here I am left untreated (if theres even anything wrong). Don't waste your time and money here.
1	So after going to this office for 6months I am so happy to be moving and finding a new doctor. This office is so disorganized and just unprofessional. I have an auto-immune disease which requires monthly blood tests and daily meds. They have misplaced blood work which then I had to have redo and even when my RX refills were up on my daily meds I called them to simply have them call back in more refills they did not have my meds on file and didn't even know what I was taking even though the doctor there prescribed them to me! Nice doctor but obviously should not have a private practice seeing she can't manage it!
1	At this point if Yelp would let me put no stars I would! So after calling for a week to simply have them refill my meds prior to me moving  they have still NOT! Even after daily calls they simply tell me the same thing "okay I'll let the doctor know when she's out of her appointment and we'll get them called in today". This place is horrible!!! Thank goodness I noticed I was up on refills prior to actually running out of my daily NEEDED meds others wise I would be SOL with this practice. An to add they just started do blood work in the office instead of sending you out. Which you would think is great right? Well not when the office doesn't bill to and you all of a sudden get a creditor call because the blood works office said they've been trying to get in touch will you and the doctor hasn't sent them you mailing address. I mean this is so unbelievable AVOID AT ALL COSTS.
1	I initially went to this office because of the stellar reviews I had seen on another site. After my first visit I started to seriously wonder if I had been reading the right reviews. The office staff is either incompetent, or they just don't care. It took them 3 WEEKS to process a referral for physical therapy (all the while I was in a lot of pain), and they only finally processed it when I called (for the third time) and made a big fuss. Every time I've called to ask the Dr. a question I have received zero response. Not just a delayed response, ZERO response. They can't ever get me in right away, and when I've gone in I have waited a MINIMUM of an hour. Last time it was 1.5 hours. Dr. Aragon seems knowledgeable, but I find her cold and distracted. Doesn't make eye contact, doesn't seem like she's really listening. She just types on her laptop the entire time I'm talking, asks some very short questions, does a brief exam, then writes a prescription. She's pretty liberal with her use of medication, not particularly open to discussing other options. I went to her a handful of times because she accepted my insurance at the time and it was too much work to find another PCP, but now that I've changed insurance plans I will definitely never return to this practice.
