1	Absolutely horrible customer service. No one would help or even say hello for the first 10 minutes I was there. Never go to this one ever again.
4	Did you know Lenscrafters has non-prescription sunglasses, too? I didn't until a couple of days ago when I found a great pair of fold-em-up Ray Ban Wayfarers there! My sales associate Rose was great. She was very accommodating to me and my youngens as they judged my picks for eye wear. She also helped me with a speedy checkout despite me having arrived nearly 15 minutes close to closing on a Sunday. I didn't feel rushed and wouldn't have know they were about to close if it were not for the vacuuming. Rose fitted me and then the best part of all: ASKED IF I HAD AAA! That saved me $30! Yay for Rose. The only reason I did not give 5 stars is because I had to take the floor model pair since they were a fairly new style. I did get a case and cleaning cloth though. So I guess it all worked out! Thanks Rose!
2	An hour my foot!  I have. Even waiting almost 3 hours and my glasses aren't ready.  Next time it's  Walmart!  I'll pay less, and at least my glasses will be ready when they tell me. At the 4 hour mark they were still telling me another hour.  I was so mad I left.   The price of One  hour service is built into the cost of the glasses, that is what you are paying for.  If you don't get this within  reasonable amount of time you should get a discount.  After this I am no longer a customer of LensCrafters!
1	Ok, I get the whole glasses scam.  I've worn them my whole life and with the exception of a few good years after lasik, I've always been tied to them.  Drives me crazy to go to my optometrist and have him show me frames that "retail" for $250 but my insurance will cover "most" of it.  I can go to Costco (and I typically do) and get a complete pair of fashion frames and lens for about $150 and then I have to file the insurance paperwork-no big deal. I've even bought a couple of pair on Warby Parker.com for about $100 each-again, great glasses.  However, I need (want) a pair of good prescription sport (read:Oakley) sunglasses for biking and triathlons. Against my better judgement, I made a special trip to the LenCrafters only to be put off by the arrogant clerks and the OUTRAGEOUS pricing.  Lens alone for Oakleys, (please make sure you're sitting down): $390, plus $120-$250 for the frames.  Target, WarbyParker, Costco: all better options than this. True they don't carry Oakley but $500 for a pair of prescription sunglasses is crazy.2/10/2014 update. I stand corrected. Target's optical ship is owned and operated by Luxottica so they have Oakley, Ray Bans, etc. Bought a pair of $99 sport glasses and got transition lens for $200-saved over 50% by going to Target. Great selection of true name brand frames, excellent pricing, and fantastic service.
1	I've used LensCrafters for at least 10 years. After my experience at this location, I won't ever be back.Bad attitudes all around in this place. I left feeling angry, defensive, and very disappointed. The girl (yes, girl...not woman) I talked to about my frames had the most stuck up attitude I've ever encountered in a situation where customer service is required. It took a lot of self control for my husband and I to not return the snotty quips she kept throwing at us. After tentatively putting in an order for glasses, I told this girl we would be calling tomorrow to confirm and pay for the difference (after insurance.) I wanted to see if another optical store would prove to be easier to deal with and be more deserving of a loyal customer. My husband and I visited another place closer to home right after and I immediately put in my order there instead. LensCrafters doesn't deserve a courtesy call from me to say I went with someone else, nor do I expect their customer service to be superior enough to follow up on my order. I'm never taking my family back to LensCrafters.
1	Used their on-site optometrist who wrote a prescription for one year (wasn't aware of the one year until today).  I broke my prescription sunglasses and it has been 14 months since my exam and I can't get new sunglasses without paying for an exam because my insurance covers and exam every two years.  Now I know to ask about the optometrist's expiration date prior to scheduling an exam.  I've lived all over the country and never had a lens prescription expire in 12 months!  Also, I paid substantially more for the glasses at lens crafters!  Most of my scripts either didn't expire or expired in two years!  I don't believe AZ requires the script to expire in one year.....just a ploy to get more money.  I'm pretty sure people are wise enough to schedule an exam when necessary.
1	I have been coming to this Lens Crafters for years and was really disappointed today. There is a lack in customer service and the way I was treated when inquiring about retrieving my prescription after I had my eye exam there before a change from Maricopa county's insurance. It was almost like they didn't want to help me/give me my prescription because they weren't going to be making the sale with my insurance now changed and no longer accepted there ... even though I had my eye exam there before the changes, and I had called in advance to see if i could go in to retrieve my prescription to take elsewhere and they told me yes
