5	I have known the guys of Idle hands for quite some time now, they are super fun and very talented. I have several tattoos and piercings from this particular shop. They have beautiful origional artwork lining the walls of the lobby and tattooing area. The space always appears clean well maintained. Tiffany their receptionist is so sweet and very knowledgable, she keeps the ship running smoothly. Jason the piercer is precise and has a keen aesthetic eye. He has done several of my more difficult piercings as well as a beautiful dermal anchor in my clavical.Sam does amazing custom work. He scripted delicut lettering onto my foot several years ago. It healed nicely and the color is holding perfectly.Jayare is quite the artist as well, he has created a large asian inspired rib piece for me which I am still in the process of finishing.Joe is very talented and sweet. I have a more traditional piece with an anchor and a ship on my other foot from Joe. He was comforting and made the experiance less painful.All of the staff and artists at Idle Hands are knowledgable and willing to answer questions. I felt comfortable there, and that is why I have returned on several occasions.I have nothing but good things to say about this shop.They have always been able to take my ideas and turn them into amazing artwork that I feel lucky to have with me always.
5	I had a GREAT experience here.Back in November of '08, I went to go visit my best friend. I asked him where he thought the best place was to get tattooed. Without blinking, he told me about this place.Well, he had told me about Idle Hands before. You'd have to see his lovely face to understand. Boy sure likes his piercings! =)Jason the piercer is an AWESOME guy. Funny as hell! He's the one that does all my friends piercings.(the tattoo artist SAm does his tattoo's) I recently went back to visit a week ago and told him a dream I had...that he tattooed a giant butterfly with sparkly,laughing dolphins on the wings. Um. On my a$$. The whole shop got a kick out of that story.but anyway! I feel so bad that i forgot the name of the guy that did my tattoo, but he's the one with the wild hair! Super nice guy, drew a sketch of EXACTLY how I envisioned the tattoo. He got to work tattooing my ribs, and I got to stare around at some rather awesome artwork on the walls. He was very thorough, and the work is great! Price was good too. So to sum it up, it's a clean, laid back shop with a bunch of nice, VERY good looking dudes ;)
4	I got my piercing here...Now I LOVE my tattoos, but I don't see the needle. I was really nervous and I mean it wasn't that much of a dare-devil piercing either, simply just my belly. But even when I seen the needle I hesitated. My best friend came with me and she was trying to calm me down but I am a big wimp when it came to me laying there waiting. I forgot my piercers name but him and my bf were talking the whole time. He told me he'd count to 3 and do it, but just a simple 1 and then POKE! 2 and then 3..We were DONE! :)Clean and friendly.
5	I will not go anywhere else for piercings or tattoos. Jason has done multiple piercings for me and has always done a fantastic job! Jayare is also an amazing tattoo artists who I trust completely.
5	LOVE THIS PLACE! Jayare has done two of my tattoos. Not only is he an amazing artist but he's very friendly. He makes getting a tattoo a lot more bearable and less nerve racking. He's fun to talk to and very personable. The piercer Jason is also awesome. He made me feel completely comfortable getting my noise pierced and was friendly. The both joked around and were a lot of fun. The other tattoo artist seem great as well.
