5	Was a student and very satisfied with my education.  I highly recommend this place to anyone who's looking to advance in their education or would like to learn skills strictly in a career they're interested in.
1	Jasmine is a horrible admissions rep also. Do not attend this facility. This admissions rep made an appointment with me, changed the time without nofitying me and then expected me to wait for 45 minutes for her to come out and talk to me. The receptionist called her to see if she could talk to me because I was leaving but Jasmne said she was with students and too busy to break away. So I called her back on the number she called me from...she answered the phone!! Too busy to talk to a prospective student...but she can answer her cell phone. Poor, poor, poor representation for an admissions counselor.
3	Mix emotions with this school.  Me and my oldest son Joie, graduated Nov. 2012 from Pharmacy here, we loved all the instructors, Mark was awesome, the career finder Emily is awesome in trying to find us jobs.   We met a lot of cool friends through this school.  Had a bad experience too in July regarding my second son enrolling for the ADN program.   I am a very upset mother with a son who was gonna attend the ADN nursing program at Kaplan College in Las Vegas. My son scored 29 on the entrance exam, to be able to get into ADN program he needed a 24. His second exam took 2 1/2 hrs and he scored high on the exam to pass he needed 64 %, my son got 75%, he interviewed with the ADN instructor and passed ... Read more because someone from the admissions office told him he got into the ADN program, we came in and filled up all the financial papers and everything. The only problem was he had an admission representative who was very unprofessional and called him saying he was short of points into getting in after someone else told him he got into the program!!! she said he has to attend LPN program instead of ADN program!!! she backed out on their words!!! her name is DEBBIE, I was so upset on how she was talking to my son, she was backing up on what the other school administration people told him that he got in. She just lost my son from enrolling there, lost $53,000 from going to their school due to her unprofessionalism. For the parents and students that are trying to get into the nursing program be careful of this lady Debbie, she is not professional, she treats the future students like crap. I was a student at this school last year with my oldest son and the other representative did not treat us bad like this lady did. This school lost money coming into their school due to this unprofesional representative. My son passed all their tests with high score, passed interview, did all their hoops and she treated him like this at the end.10-11-2013   Unfortunately  due to this second bad experience I enrolled my son to another nursing school and he is also enrolled at University of Phoenix for their Health Care Administrator program.   Now when my 3rd son graduates next I will not take him to this school anymore for nursing due to the enrollment people giving us a totally awful and unprofessional experience.    If friends ask us about the school we give them mix reviews.
4	I am a recent graduate of the MAX (medical assistant xray) program. This program is newer to this las vegas Kaplan but many Kaplan colleges through out the US have it. You do a 9 month hands on training for medical assisting then you do 3months hands on training in xray. I had Mr. Fick as my ma teacer but he has since moved on to the directors position over the program. He was a great teacher with excellent knowledge.  You will learn everything from front office like insurance claims and filing papers to back office like patient care, vital signs and venipuncturs. You will do blood draws on each other, the first time is a bit scary but then you just get used to it. As for the xray portion you will have Mr. Bruce for 3 months. He is a wealth of knowledge and loves what he does. He has worked in the xray field for over 20 years. In his class you will learn  patient positioning, radiation protection, and how an xray is taken then exposed to the file for the doctors to see.This is a great course f your ready to get your career started now. There was not wait list like some of the other clleges and technical schools in the area. So pop on down and see Jacob or Derek two of the best admissions officers we have.
5	At first i did not know which college/university to go to after high school which i did not think of where to go to, scholarships, grants, etc. Fast forward to today. I don't regret going to this trade/technical school since the program i chose ( Pharm tech) i actually ended up liking the program and now i want to become a pharmacist later on along with a Pharm D/MBA dual degree. First two months is black and white mod which is all book work that focuses on anatomy of the body, arithmetic, and other book work. Color mods is when you start going into depth of the program you chose along with hands on experience. I had Ms. Paulsen and Ms. Mary both excellent instructors and go the extra mile to help students which i doubt you will find in a univsersity. The program goes by quickly and just enjoy it. One more thing: The tuition is quite costly unless if you have some sort of compensation like the military or grants. And if you are going into any of the fields it is recommended to take the national exam which you will have to schedule after or during extern or anytime you want.
