5	BBQ & Asian Fusion + peach cobbler + Freeee blue moon glasses + warm apple cider + the ever-so-awesome CM Nikki = yet another awesome yelp elite event! I've been to quite a few yelp events. I saw a lot of new faces and it is truly amazing to see how much our yelp community has grown!Nikki did yet another wonderful job of organizing this event. I loved that the food was served in courses, individually brought to each table. It allowed everyone a chance to try all of the dishes without having to wrestle over the last brisket! The warm apple cider with fresh cinnamon was a wonderful touch to end the night, especially on a cold day in Fall!Thank you again to our wonderful organizer, the owners of Improper Pig and of course, our wonderful alcohol sponsors! Hope we were able to raise a lot for the Second Harvest Food Bank!
5	Nikki is AWESOME and so was this event. The Blue Moon glasses are def going to be used and the #YelpEliteTowel as my Elite gift was unexpected and super soft. Ok, so on to the meat and potatoes.... The Improper Pig was my first Elite event and has set the bar extremely high.  I had no idea the hospitality of the fellow Yelpers would be so much like family.  The food was like tastebud ADD!  There were so many yummy things to taste and boy did I taste ALL of them!!!  NOM NOM.  I look forward to hanging out with everyone at more events in the future.
4	I asked my boyfriend how to start my review. He said "Oh, it was really good!"Lot's to love at the Improper Pig including the hipster decor and irreverent name. Service was very gracious and we were able to sample an impressive percentage of the new menu including three different tasty beers that went down quite nicely.Lots of variety, including salads, apps, sides, meat and dessert.I enjoyed seeing the new faces, but thanks for including me as well Nikki!The food flew out of the kitchen and the best bets for me were the brussel sprouts, the best sweet potato mash I've ever had, pimento cheese sandwich, juicy chicken and the pulled pork.The stuffed jalapenos were also good and packed quite a bite.The Improper Pig combined Asian flair with a Southern sentiment. We appreciated the expected combinations like collard and sweet potato in a spring roll.The Pizza Peel is a classic in Cotswold and this offering from the same restaurant group seems poised for the same future.
5	Another PERFECT Charlotte Elite Event.  Nikki and her crew have this thing down!  From start to finish, it was a wonderful evening.  Added benefit - being able to donate canned goods to a great cause.The staff at "The Pig" were wonderful.  My server was one of the best.  Just a fantastic customer service skill set and very knowledgeable on the menu.  The assistant manager Christian stopped by as did the owner Will also stopped at my table and we had a great conversation.Two benefits of sitting solo - although that is not planned... I need to work on my people-attracting skills.  :-)  1. You get sooooo much food and don't have to share.  2.  The staff makes a point to talk to the "lonely guy."  I just need the spotlight on me like in that Steve Martin movie.  Enough about me...The Leinie's Vanlla Porter was amazing.  I'm a Porter fan but I had never come across this before.  And, the Gingerbread Spiced Ale was also very tasty.  I highly recommend both.The menu sampling served was extensive - appetizers included kale chips, "improper nachos", Southern Egg Roll, and Edamame.  The Egg Rolls were my favorite.  I would like to try the nachos (actually house made chips) without the pimento cheese but rather with some of the vinegar based sauce.  But, all of the apps were "can't go wrong" choices... even the kale chips which I usually don't go for.  They also slid in a side - Grilled Piemento Cheese.  Another fav for the evening.  I wonder if they will serve this on gluten free bread when they open?The salads served were the Amanda's Awesome Salad and the BBQ Salad.  Mixed results for me.  I am not a beet guy so Amanda's missed the mark for me.  But the BBQ Salad was excellent and... unusual flavor.The entrees included pulled pork, pulled chicken and sliced brisket.  The brisket was moist and flavorful.  No sauce needed!  The chicken was excellent with the Spicy Hoison.  The pork was good with any sauce but I especially liked a mix of Frank's and Mama B's.The sides are my belt had to make priorities.  So, I tried the mac and cheese (great), the two slaws (Asian Slaw and  House Slaw) I liked both but preferred the Asian as the House Slaw was a little over powered by the onions.Lastly, the Peach Cobbler.  OMG!  I got one all to myself (see the lonely guy syndrome above).  I took down maybe 20% of it but the fine folks there let me take the rest home.  I will enjoy that again this weekend!Great job to all!
5	Even though I suffered a devastating loss on the raffle, nothing could take down the good times that were had at this event.  The beers were actually pretty good and I enjoyed the vanilla porter.  With the help of alcohol I was able to meet some great new people.  RaRa is definitely a trip!  The food was wonderful and my eyes are now open to the world of bbqasian.  I really enjoyed the eggrolls and of course the giant plate of meat.  Also, I learned that I can eat vegetables if meat/bacon are in it.  Big shout out to Cutey Mcdimpletons on another wonderful job and I can't wait to go up on a Tuesday next month
4	This was an awesome event! Nikki thank you so much. Was a fun night for all. Food is delicious. I cannot wait to go when it opens on the 24th :) (the veggie/fish options will be more, for us that don' eat meat).I did love that they went out of there way to make me up a veggie plate of there sides! THANK YOU!
5	As per usual, this Elite Event was great.  It was definitely a cool opportunity to head to a restaurant before it even opened, too.  We started off with beer and BBQ kale chips, and then dove into numerous appetizers, before we got to the main BBQ.  All of the food was really good and the servers/mgmt were extremely nice.The only downside to the night was I lost the raffle by 1 number :(  Great event! Looking forward to the next one.
5	I popped my elite cherry at this event and enjoyed every minute! I was greeted by Nikki who kindly acknowledged that this was my first elite event and she even gifted me with a yelp elite bath towel which was a nice surprise. I brought a friend as my 'plus one' and we headed to the bar right after check in.We both tried the beer on draft, I had the gingerbread ale (very tasty, nice subtle gingerbread flavor) and we were treated to the baked BBQ kale chips as an app while we waited for the full-on menu tasting to begin. As we waited, we got to meet Christian, the assistant manager of the Improper Pig. He gave us a personal explanation of the location's background. The Improper Pig is part of a larger restaurant family that includes the Pizza Peel locations, among others.The term menu-tasting was not taken lightly at the Improper Pig. We got to sample multiple apps: the baked kale chips, the improper nachos, southern egg rolls, stuffed jalapenos, and edamame. As for entrees, we got to enjoy the BBQ salad option, the brisket, chicken, pulled pork and full array of their sides which included brussel sprouts, sweet potato hash, collard greens, mac & cheese, and two kinds of cole slaw. In addition to their six BBQ sauce offerings. Dessert was peach cobbler served in a iron skillet.My personal favs? The 'nachos' (which had more of a consistency of a potato chip) with melted pimento cheese and green onions, the BBQ salad, sweet potato hash (I am STILL thinking about! creamy sweet potato goodness), and the pulled chicken and pork. I would've LOVED the egg rolls if they weren't covered in the spicy mustard sauce. The sauce literally set my face on fire to the point where both my eyes and nose started to run. H-O-T. A huge shot of wasabi directly to the taste buds. The sauce is something that should be served on the side.The Improper Pig waitstaff was very kind and it was nice of them to take the time to explain every meal before serving. It was nice night of good energy and food capped off with a yummy hot cider bar!Also - HUGE shout out to Jeff (the photographer of the event) for the music recs!!Thanks again Nikki!
5	Loved this event!! Food was amazing cannot wait for the opening Wednesday! I like how the yelp events give back and Nikki collected food donations for Second Harvest Food Bank. It's nice to meet new people and everybody is super friendly and fun.
5	I wish I lived closer...Great event, Nikki!  Loved all the special touches and I must say this one was run like a well oiled machine.  The timing of everything, the preparation...fantastic.Now on to the meat...literally.This menu is so very interesting with it's mix of Asian inspired items with a Southern barbecue twist.  I thought it was very interesting and what we tasted was very well done.  The sauces are so very different but put an interesting twist when used on the different meats.  Loved all the sauces!Kale chips were a nice surprise.  The edamame was fantastic with the bbq spices.  Improper nachos were great and would be a nice snack before any meal.  The salads were good but the beet salad stood out the most as the most surprising salad combination but oh so good!  The meats and sides were perfectly cooked and such a great variety.  Again, you can change up the traditional bbq by playing with different sauces.  Every bite was different.  The peach cobbler fantastic, well priced for the portion and OH SO GOOD!I loved all the beer options, Blue Moon's gingerbread ale was smooth and not too spicy .To end a cool evening, the cider bar was a nice departure gift and perfect for the ride home.  Couldn't have asked for a better evening.  Love the restaurant decor, the staff were so nice and made sure we loved everything.   So nice!
5	A Million Thank You's to Nikki for being the gracious hostess with setting up these Yelp Elite Events.Everyone is so fortunate to have Nikki as a CM and coming up with these fantastic programs for the Yelper's. What I love about Nikki's Yelp Elite event they are for awesome charity causes which help build community awareness. This is a great group of Yelpers and everyone is so warm and friendly.I was fashionably late for my ride was late. Nikki was so cool about it and gave up her tray of potato chips with succulent toppings. Always looking out for her Yelper's.Like a banquet and plethora of food coming to the table. The Managers and staff kept coming with trays of food. All that glorious food.Really, enjoyed the sauces for there were 6 different types. Talk about getting a tongue lashing with the spicy sauces and blended with the sweet. Just used the kale chips and tried all six sauces. My favorite is the Hoisin sauce gotta have the sweet and spicy blend. Mac and cheese will never be the same again for me. What is it about Southern Cooking? Sweet potato with the bacon. Love anything with bacon.The meat tray. The brisket brings back memories of sliced brisket sandwich.The finale was the warm peach cobbler pie and with apple cider to go.Thank you to blue moon for the souvenir.As an Elite from NYC, there are so many of us peeps that once that email goes out within an hour or two those events are on a wait list or closed. There are even yelp group in the outer boroughs like Queens and Brooklyn which gets filled up pretty quick too. I love my CM- Ruggy in NYC, he's great with putting on so many programs trying to get as many Yelp attendees to participate.
5	Echoing the other reviews, Nikki and I.P. owner Will did an awesome job with the planning & execution of this event! I went online to check out the menu before the event because I do not eat pork & wanted to make sure they had other options available. I was not disappointed...but a little perplexed at the mix of BBQ standards alongside Asian-inspired options.Once I arrived & discovered that this was formerly Mama Fu's, the Asian fusion dishes made more sense.So, to start with they brought out some kale chips. At first I was not digging them, but we ended up eating them all.  They definitely went well with the beer!  (I had the seasonal offering from Blue Moon which I think was the Gingerbread Spiced Ale.)Besides the kale chips, I also enjoyed the edamame, egg rolls, mac & cheese, pulled chicken, and iron skillet peach cobbler.The wait-staff were all very friendly & helpful... thanks to everyone at the Improper Pig for all the warm southern hospitality! We will definitely be back!
3	I was very excited about the opening of this new Cotswold restaurant. They have an interesting menu and were packed on the night we went. I believe a lot of that was newness. I ordered the pulled chicken based on other yelp reviews. This came with coleslaw and a side. The portions are large. I found the chicken to be subpar. It was very dry and tasted overly of a dry rub that wasn't appetizing. The slaw was under flavored with a minimal taste of vinegar. A little like plain raw cabbage. My husband's pulled pork was average, but a bit fatty. The collards were good. I hope this restaurant adapts the menu based on. Feedback because it does have potential.
