5	I didn't have very high expectations for this bar considering I went to another bar opening down the street (world of beers) and left unimpressed. But I was pleasantly surprised by Handlebar not only for their selection of beers but for their wonderful service. As soon as we stepped into the bar the bouncers were incredibly polite and after we got in our bartender Ryan was THE best. He started with asking us what we usually look for in a beer and what we usually get. I said I like Blue Moon and the bf said his favorite beer- Four Peaks "Kilt Lifter." He then went on to recommend the perfect beers for us; he explained each beer with great detail and was very convincing. The bf first drank the Celebrator Doppelback and then a Monk's Cafe Flemish and loved them both (I'm not a fan of the beer the bf likes, but even I liked them). For me, since I like the light, but flavorful taste of Blue Moon' drank their Leffe Blonde and it was amazing. I should have known this was going to be a great bar since I am already a fan of La Bocca Pizzeria and Canteen, who are run by the same owners. I haven't tried the food yet but I definitely recommend everyone to give it a try!
4	I live on Mill and I've watched the changes over the course of 10 years. It's refreshing that Tempe has continued to develop a more diverse crowd these days. I couldn't be more excited about The Handlebar opening up and had high expectations, considering it's sister restaurants on Mill (La Bocca and Canteen) always deliver!Everything from the music selection down to the 3 different types of wood used to warm up the interior space, I forgot that I was not in a hip German pub but in fact, downtown Tempe. Almost every exterior wall is a garage door that opens up to bar seating from the outside - love it.Although World of Beer is a block away, the beer selection and atmosphere at The Handlebar reign supreme. I'm looking forward to trying more of the brats and pretzels with a wide selection of beers (hello.... Celebrator Doppelbock)! There are even beer cocktails on the menu!What I'm most excited about, is that the level of music will not change all night, yet they'll still be open until 2am! If you frequent Mill Ave, you'll know that around 10pm the vibe at most places change. The DJs step in and blare club music. I don't mind it some of the time, but I'll most likely find myself on the patio of this pet friendly, bike friendly bar and grill.Congrats Mill Ave, you got yourself a winner!
5	I was lucky to be invited to one  of the pre-opening events and there's nothing not to L-O-V-E about this place.The decor is just awesome, the fact that they built the place with an environmentally friendly approach (waterless urinals, power saving lighting, tankless waterheathers)  is to admire since they didn't sacrifice in looks and comfort (proof that doing the right thing can be also sexy).I tried one of their beers, Firestone DBA and it was just delish. The temperature of the beer was great and the selection was wonderful (it was tough to choose what to have).I'm sure this new gem of Tempe is a great addition for the neighborhood. I can't wait to try the food!Update: Since I said I couldn't wait to try the food, I went back and tried the sausages and the fries. I just have two words to describe it: simple & delicious. The dipping sauces were pretty tasty and original.
1	I was extremely disappointed in the event tonight. I went with my friend who was celebrating her birthday and was attempting to show her something new on Mill. It definitely did not work out that way.We got in and were told that there was seating available. We walked around a few times and finally found some group that was leaving and grabbed their table. We waited.Finally our waitress, Brittany, came over and apologized for the mess on the table, got our drink order and left. We waited. She finally showed up about 10 minutes later with our beers and bolted off. Where we were sitting, there were two picnic tables, side by side, we (the two of us), sat on the table closest to the roll top doors; there was a four top on the other table. Another group of five decided that they were going to sit in between our groups. We said fine, as we understood that there was limited seating and that they were in the same situation as we were a few minutes ago.We waited again. She came and took their drink order and we were able to stop and ask about the food service this evening. We were told initially that there were people passing around samples. What we were told by Brittany was this:"there are people bringing food around as samples; if you get some, your lucky". We never got any food.In fact, the other four people on the opposite end, were served twice. Two trays, both times. We finally resigned to the fact that we were not going to get any type of food and were ready to leave.We looked for our waitress and were unable to find her. We finally located her and tried to get her attention and she was serving the table behind us who kept running her, one beer at a time it seemed, to the well. As we finally got eye contact with her and closed our tab, we made it to the front and exited.There were plenty of what seemed to be managers, hob knobbing with other guests. They were not paying attention to anything that was going on. I understand that this was a preview night, but that is one of the goals as managers; to identify where there are issues and resolve them.I was truly disappointed with the service, the staff, and since I have never tried the food, I would not know what to comment on that part of your offerings.
4	my roommate and i had the good fortune of attending the grand opening last night and besides a few kinks that need working out, this place is (gonna be) awesome. our server, kaycee (sp?), was extremely polite and attentive and definitely added to the overall experience. for that alone, i'll return. but there are other reasons...i like the hanging bike hooks along the outside perimeter of the whole establishment, but beyond that, i didn't see anything else that makes this place bicycle friendly or to even go along with the name "The Handlebar." i hope they add to it.the beer selection was great, a little bit for everyone. i was happy to see delerium tremens on tap, among others. and i'm happy that our server recommended a bottle of Rochefort 8, as it was too delicious to not sip and savor. moreover, i'm looking forward to seeing what all local beers will be on tap in the future. the buyer has his work cut out for him to keep the beer list interesting, being just about a  block away from world of beer. he's doing a great job so far!as far as the environment goes, i loved the semi rustic feel to it, the communal tables and the wood/steel everywhere. it's pretty cool that some walls are coated with chalkboard that they write on to update the blown kegs and what's replacing them. sadly, the patio didn't have quite the chill vibe i was hoping for, mainly due to the music. pumping beats doesn't exactly separate you from what every other bar on mill is doing. hopefully, this was only due to it being the grand opening.all in all, i'm very much anticipating cooler weather so i can ride my bike down here, sit on the patio and enjoy some tasty brew!
3	Le me see if I can get a handle (get it, Handlebar & Grill, handle..I know, not all that funny, oh well) on this review. Look, the place is beautiful and the reclaimed wood in the design gives it a look that is specific and unique and as for seating, the Fork and Dagger folks, who own the restaurant, have created lots of open spaces with plenty of people watching opportunities inside and out. I'm giving it a three because I know that over time, this place will only get better and I think that while I like it, there are some opportunities for improvement and I look forward to doing my review over in three to six months and taking this to a four or five start review.First, like the idea of a simple menu. They have both pork and chicken locally made sausages and I think the most expensive one is $6. The one thing that caught me off guard is they come with two toppings of your choice (I had the sauerkraut and peppers) but no condiments so maybe they should ask if someone wants mustard with the sausage. I also noticed you get the entree sans napkin. It might be a good idea to include one or two of those with each order. I also tried the fries and while made with fresh potatoes they were underwhelming. I would like to see them more like Belgium fries, twice cooked to make them a bit more crispy and I went to a place like this in Los Angeles and you could get them with truffle oil. It may sound a bit fancy but it is really good and goes well with beer. I ordered the small order of fries ($3) and I think a large order is not much more ($5). The establishment provides a number of optional sauces, and you get one free with the small order, two free with the large. I picked the blue cheese and bacon, which I did not like so much on the fries but went well with my grilled smoked sausage. I also got the Thai Ketchup and wow, that rocks! In addition (look, I wanted to try it all!) I got the pretzel which comes with beer cheese, which is excellent, and stone ground mustard. The pretzels need some work. I was expecting like, you know, a large pretzel and it was three pretzel twists and they didn't have salt on them. I am almost certain, knowing this group, that pretzel quality will increase over time.As for the beer, a nice selection. I had a Belgium triple ale to start, which came in a Belgium beer glass. I then had a Dogfish head 60 minute IPA, which was good, but it also came in the same glass...sorry to be picky but it should come in a regular beer glass..if they are going to have different glasses for different beers they should know which beer goes with which type of glass. The one thing that was exceptional was the level of service. I have a feeling that, since they have two other establishments in the same area, they bring in their experienced staff to help get things up and running and it shows. The operations were much smoother than one might expect from a place that was only open for its second day.Bottom line, good now and I am sure it is only going to get better and I'll be out on that patio when  it is prime outside seating. Another win, in my book, from the Fork and Dagger consortium. :-)
1	Not open when they say they're open.  Door clearly says 11 am.  Do not appreciate making a special trip to Mill Ave. for 11 am beer & lunch to discover they've decided to not open until 3pm for awhile because they're new.  Thanks for the inconvenience.
5	This is my love note:Yours beers are so delicious, your food is absolutely scrumptious.  I wish I could spend forever and always with you.  If I could just never work and sit inside of you all day eating and drinking, why, I think I would be the happiest gal on this side of the Mississippi River.  You are great, don't change, and please, stay with me forever and always.I love you to the moon and the stars Handlebar,Katlan
5	So nice to get back to hanging out in Tempe, and the temptation came from the opening of The Handlebar & Grill.  After my inquiring on the website for location info, I was warmly responded to by the owner, Julian Wright, obviously a dedicated restaurant owner and hard working man who makes you feel very appreciated and welcomed.  I love big patio spaces, and the extra draw for me is theirs being dog friendly.  This is a great place for all bike riders as well since they have several nice bike racks through out.  Their outdoor patio space is plentiful and very relaxing as their attempt to establish themselves with the aire of the friendly European bier gardens was a great idea which Julian seems to have executed quite well!  The "garage door" windows around the building, allow for a nice open, yet comfort-savy atmosphere; similar to a nice "gathering of friends" feel even if you don't live in the neighborhood.  Much to my delight it was more of an adult, relaxed and enjoying great beer, type of atmosphere rather than being over run by partying coed's The food menu is limited right now, but they have just opened recently, so I am sure more good things will come as they adjust to their "re planned kitchen" size. (Sadly the DOH or other municipal entity apparently kiboshed their plans of an outdoor grill. Shame on them!).  Regardless the small kitchen, they seem to make quite good use of many nice local products.  The sausages that we tried were wonderful, as well as their fries and many deelishis dipping sauces.  But my ultimate favorite... The amazing pretzel braids!!  Wonderful fresh baked greatness that melts in your mouth!They have a fantastic array of beers, (and wine, and cocktails) served in nice glassware with fresh carafe of ice water that is frequently refilled, (something I VERY MUCH appreciated on a very hot day!).  The decor was very nice, very comfortable, with reclaimed woods, etc.  Many nice little details that I really noticed, and very much appreciated.  The staff was plentiful and absolutely wonderful.  I simply couldn't ask for more.  I could have easily spent all afternoon and evening there.  I had considered taking the light rail from the East valley simply because I don't like to have to fight to find parking, but I drove there instead and found plenty of parking in the 7th street "brick house" building which you can enter from 6th.  I will be back often!  I LOVED the food, drink, people, and atmosphere!  We plan on also making this a "Once a Month Green Sustainability Meetings" place as well. (GS meetings being an inside joke for coworkers)My only dislike, (and a minor one at that) was the patron's hand washing sinks and mirrors between the men's and women's restrooms.  Although spotless and well appointed, they are "shared". There is no mirror/sink area privately in the Ladies room.  I prefer to wash my hands, fix my hair, reapply lipstick, or adjust my clothing in private, rather than with the male patrons and/or a slightly viewable area to the dining room.Do yourself a favor and be sure to try this new establishment in downtown Tempe on Mill.  It is a "Multifaceted Gem" for sure.  Thanx Julian!
2	I rarely write anything negative but we have to be factual. Great ambience and location, but service needs a little work.  The food is slow and also not good. Among the 3 different ones we've ordered it was only the pretzels that was worth the credit.  Hope they get better staff and service, as there are lots of bars in Mill Ave.
2	I checked out The Handlebar & Grill last Friday night with huge expectations. Honestly, it was just ok. The service was kind of slow, the beers were really expensive compared to other locations with craft beers on draft. The sausage I got was ok...The fries and the dipping sauces were really good. The atmosphere is pretty good, but honestly I would rather be at one of the bars over in the Maple/Ash area. I might go back and try some other food from them, but probably not order the beer, Taste of Tops is better for that stuff...
1	Honestly the atmosphere is chill, but the service is awful.  My husband & I  ventured over to The Handlebar & Grill on a Thursday night around 8:30 and the place was busy but not near full.  We opted to sit on the patio and had to wait more than ten minutes for a server to come over to our table.  While we were waiting the tables on either side of us were being helped, and we continually tried to wave over the server who persistently ignored us. There were multiple servers working, but they appeared to be gathered in a group in the corner talking to one another and hanging with their friends.  After someone finally came and brought us menus another ten minutes passed before we received our beers.  After sipping our beers we decided to order some food, but our server never returned,  After finishing our beers and our entire craft of water we spent another twenty minutes attempting to flag down servers (because ours disappeared) and ended up just getting our check.  We had high hopes for this place, but it was a huge disappointment.  Maybe with more mature employees this place will be successful, but in it's current state there are much better quality places to go on mill ave.
1	Terribly disappointed! Anyone who knew this is a new product from Julian Wright's family ( owner of Canteen + la bocca + handlebar) would expect at least minimum service at this new bar, but ironically this bar is AWFUL at service. It took the waitress 20 min to attend us ( they were soo busy with their girl talk near their booths), we got our beers after 10 min and that was it. We didn't see them until after 30 minutes even after making constant eye contact and as a desperate attempt I had to whistle, got our check and left! RUINED my date night:-( . We felt like our business is not appreciated at all! There are a lot of friendly bars on Mill Ave. ...Handlebar and Julian Wright, you can do better than that!
4	Signed up for tickets to the grand opening, and was completely blown away. The patio is comfortable, and relaxing. The environment is upscale but not sterile. The beer selection was great, and the list of cocktails and shandys are clever and inviting. I was promised food, and did not receive a bite. Only drawback of a remarkable experience. I will definitely return.
4	This place has apparently been open for about 2-3 weeks.  I headed here with some co-workers for a late Friday "meeting".  Otherwise known as happy hour! They have a good selection of beer on draft and bottle.  I had a New Belgium Super IPA that they had on draft and one of their sausages(Chicken and Apple) topped with some sauerkraut and mustard.  It was quite a good combination and was recommended by our server.If you're looking for food, then you may be disappointed in the small amount of options, however, when you realize that their kitchen is the size of a small closet, it kind of makes sense. With the cooler weather right on the horizon here in the valley, their very large patio area should come in quite handy.I will definitely try them out again.
5	The Handlebar and Grill is my most favorite place to go on Mill Ave in Tempe.I have been here on a busy Friday and Saturday night and I have been here on a laid back, slow Wednesday night. Every time I go I am never disappointed There's great music (usually acoustic, never house music, and often no lyrics but still upbeat), great atmosphere (lofted ceilings and wooden benches make the place so much more open and the lighting by mason jar candles is awesome), and good looking guys (seriously every time I go there's plenty of eye candy.What I love most about Handlebar is how laid back and refined it is compared to places like Que or Canteen. Handlebar knows it's not a club and it's ok with that. THe open air patio and bar area make it intimate enough that you could still go here on a Friday night after a date for drinks or a Friday night with friends to rage.The drinks are a tad pricey, but they're great. I have only had one item on the menu that was the pretzels. For $6 you get 3 huge stick pretzels with beer cheese and spicey honey mustard dipping sauce. More than enough for one person, these treats are amazing. Really doughy, soft pretzels and the beer cheese tastes like it was just poured out of the can. Ugh, so good.I don't have to say whether I'm coming back here or not because I am.
3	Place is good. Ambience great. Personally love it bcs of the big Belgian ale beer selection they have, even though they are super expensive. The place is really loud especially if you sit inside. Practically no food though, just burger, sausages and fries? I get that its a grill, but seriously, absolutely nothing for vegetarians?. I ordered a side order of sauerkraut for lack of options, and was the worst one I had tasted ever! And oh the big guys acting as cleaners just try to take Ur food away while u r still eating!
4	So glad to see some quality places coming back to Mill Avenue!  We sat out on the patio Saturday night and thoroughly enjoyed ourselves...the temperatures were perfect, the happy hour beer prices were great and the service was friendly and efficient.  They were playing good music (when they weren't competing with next door) and they had TV's inside to keep up with the football games.  Overall, a great place to go and drink beer with friends, but don't expect an extensive menu.  BTW, heard the patio is pet friendly, so definitely bringing back my dog next time!
4	Great place for a beer and bite. Came in with some friends, had a couple of beers with fries and a pretzel. The pretzel was good but the true find was the Thai Ketchup dipping sauce. Definitely worth trying out.
3	Fire pit at the back patio, score baby!You might think I'm crazy, getting excited over a fire pit while in Arizona when it's 100 degrees. Haha...Not when it's Fall season, it's pretty chilly out there.Review is for the Halloween weekend! New Place on Mills ave!Friend brought boyfriend and I here the first night we arrived to Arizona. Drinks were tasty, though I don't remember the name of it because all I did was just point in the dim darkness of where I was sitting. The boyfriend and our friend got the beers in a fancy cute cup. I laughed out loud when I saw it just because it looked girly. :Phttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-handlebar-and-grill-tempe?select=-ri3nwTJpqnoHmwo4No5Ow#PTDi5SLxuqg-711qwG0YxAOutside view - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-handlebar-and-grill-tempe?select=-ri3nwTJpqnoHmwo4No5Ow#OehryUeO-CshwIjhaB8nUgfire pit - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-handlebar-and-grill-tempe?select=-ri3nwTJpqnoHmwo4No5Ow#56dTQ0Bw-x-xejT9BU3Pdw2 stars for the patio and fire pit and a star and a half for the service and the atmosphere. There's bench seats inside and out. Full Bar, no complains. Funny story, saw a guy in his tux, holding a dozen of roses and thought he was going to propose. We asked the waitress what's going on, since we keep seeing him texting and looking at the door, then we found out he was just the waitress's boyfriend. D: Whoops.Anywho, will give this place another try when it's not too pack.
3	Some good things and some bad things about this place, first the good-happy hour prices are good 1/2 price beer and wine, the bad-normal prices are too high with small pours.  Food was cheap but lacking any real pizzazz, you pay for what you get. The biggest negative was slow service. 10 minutes to take an order and then another 10 to deliver drinks isn't acceptable.  This place is not related to the Handlebar in Mesa or Scottsdale.
4	Pretty much a place to drink and eat sausage it appears. Yes, this is unlike my drinking venues when i went to college when all we needed was the finest domestics and a sweaty small dance floor for drunken make-out sessions. The handlebar has bud lught, but mill is focused on craft beers and this place also gets fancy with pretty lights and an outdoor patio or two. I sat at bar and there was a more festive asu crowd watching the devils lose. Happy hour had good drink specials and i also tried the fresh cut fries, which were just average as these didnt have skin on and were kinda stubby. Blue cheese bacon dipping sauce was the highlight there. Another good place to drink it up. TV's are too spread out at the bar though.
4	My daughter and I stopped in for a quick dinner on a Wed night.  It was a fabulous choice.  We sat outside under the lights (and heaters!) and had wonderful service and food.  Everyone was really fun and kind without being cloying.  The hamburgers were great and we had some fruit/beer thing (it was pink) and even I, a scotch and vodka drinker, liked it.   We will be back!
5	Maybe it was the time that I caught this place but the less people the better for me.  I just visited for the first time last night and I'm hooked.  For the off cue nights where I want to snack on some brats and beer SOLD!!!!  Absolutely ingenious to have the brats and beer theme on a college dominated scene.  The atmosphere is a bit classy for the college scene in my personal opinion but maybe it will harness refinement in these young bucks HA!  The beer selection is pretty broad and has a pick for someone and anyone.  They've also got some fine.....spirits and liquers!  It's Mill and I was surprised with some of the selection which will make for a lovely blurry evening soon enough.  Another great note is the space of this place.  It's pretty open and airy which is awesome compared to the other places on Mill which are reminiscent to a college party basement.  My bud had picked a tasty delish dark beer to go with the hot italian sausage and from there I am now in like!  Fo sho I'll be back!
4	Great new addition to Mill Ave. First stopped by here for a Monday Happy Hour, and instantly loved it. This is a perfect day-drinking place when the weather is nice, and they do a good job of creating a large indoor / outdoor space with plenty of patio. Happy Hour is pretty great - 1/2 off almost all beers. (they do well drink / wine specials too, but don't remember what they were. I think it was $1 off... but don't quote me on that.) Bottom line, I had 3 Firestone DBAs, and i think my bill was about 8 bucks before tip. Score. (normal beer prices are in the $5-6 range. A vodka gimlet not on happy hour (well vodka) cost me $4, which is right where it should be.)Also made a return trip on a Saturday night, to get a feel for the weekend crowd. Not too bad, but mildly disappointed. I was hoping it would remain a little more of the chill day-time vibe, but come 10pm the music gets cranked up, and my group decided to move on to a place where we could actually have conversation without screaming. (sidenote: every bartender / waitress I've dealt with here has been really, super nice.)Def. worth a shot I'd say, and I could see it being a fave HH place.
4	Good addition to Mill Ave for sure.  I like that its not your typical college bro bar. Good place for day drinking and Sunday fundays.
5	I love this place for happy hour. Take advantage of their 1/2 price drinks and appetizers, best deal on Mill Ave. The atmosphere is great, a large patio with long tables and bench seating, plenty of room for a large group. The inside is nice too, big bar and side walls that roll up to make the inside seem like part of the outside patio.  They have a nice selection of beers and have found the wait staff to be friendly and attentive.
5	This is the best new bar on Mill.Mill is not really my scene, but my friends dragged me out to this place one night and I've been a fixture there practically every weekend since.  First night there we were there early so we had dinner.  The brats and fries are AMAZING!  The fries are tossed in garlic and are thick and crispy. Soo good!  For drinks I ordered the Paper Route which is THE BEST THING EVER.  It's a can of PBR, shot of Jameson, and a cigarette all for 7 bucks.  I can't say enough great things about this place, however they did mess up my friend's tab one night.  When she went to close out they said she already had even though she hadn't.  She goes home and checks her bank account and she was charged $47 even though she had only had a couple drinks.  They did the right thing and reimbursed her, and since it didn't happen to me it's not going to affect my rating.  Just an FYI.
5	The atmosphere at Handlebar is absolutely fantastic. The patio is magazine-ad perfect.. you seriously feel like you're in a hip urban environment, doing hip, urban things... and in hip, urban style! The beer selection is vast.. I don't drink, but I find the beer menu impressive. The food menu is fairly limited, but that's actually a fantastic thing. I've so often eaten at beer focused spots that have giant menus with nothing but really terrible food to offer.  Handlebar's selection is burgers, fries, pretzels, salads, and sausage sandwiches. REALLY TASTY burgers, fries, pretzels, salads, and sausage sandwiches!! The meats are locally sourced! The flavors are brave. The fries come with a variety of dipping sauces, and each of them are exquisite.. the fries themselves are at least the best I've ever had. Really. They are. I have never made such a proclamation in regard to fries! So good! I guess they recently revamped the pretzels. I did not have their previous iteration, but the new ones are 3 sticks of carbtastic glory. They are served with a spicy mustard, and BEER CHEESE to dip in.. and the BEER CHEESE = the truth! I'd seriously eat it off of dirt. It's that good! Be sure to stop in on Wednesday nights, around 8pm.  Team trivia, headed up by an actual host! Fun times, and super fantastic prizes!
3	Tons of beer if that's your thing... full bar too.  No cocktail menu to speak of, and only a few food items on the menu.  Felt like kind of a basic, no frills place, which can be a good thing sometimes.  We were there in late December at night and all the doors were open with no heating... not sure why that was, but wear a coat if you're going to hang out indoors here in the cooler months.  Freezing cold, tried using the candles on the table to keep warm, not so efficient... so we only stayed for one drink and bounced.
4	I like the darker, slightly woodsy interior and somewhat intimate cut-out booths on the sides.  It's a nice environment.  Service is friendly and food was reasonably good.  The pretzels in beer cheese sauce were really good. The burger was above average, nothing special.
4	Had a company holiday party and loved the atmosphere. All i can say is get the paper route tall boy of pbr, shot of jameson and a cigarette can't ask for much more.
4	On a strip of bars catering to a college-age crowd, this modern American beer garden with a large patio that is friendly to both dog and bike, offers a fantastic selection of draft beers ranging from Austrian to Belgian to Arizonan.This is also one of the only places in the valley, that I have discovered, that offers beer cocktails.  Try the signature HANDLEBAR SHANDY with Stiegl Goldbrau lager, San Pellegrino Limonata, Agave Nectar, and a sprig of Rosemary to top it off.  For $6 this is an outstanding value.  The space itself is open and inviting, combining rustic wooden table and bartops, exposed brick on walls and ceilings, and a lot of natural light coming in from the centerpiece of the room - the bar - which is 60 feet long and has both indoor and outdoor seating.  The food here is made to order in the cozy little grilling area situated in the corner of the bar.  Keep this in mind when coming here on a busy night - you might wait a while for your food.  But luckily the menu is simple and consists of local gourmet bratwurst, polish sausage, italian, and a smoked turkey sausage.  For $5 you can select up two toppings such as sauerkraut or pickled fresno peppers.  For sides you have the option of regular or sweet potato hand cut fries, and for $3 with a dipping sauce of your choice they are unbeatable.  Highly recommend the decadent bleu cheese bacon dip!  It also tastes amazing on the burger as well as the brat.The kitchen is open late night for food, which beats getting a pizza or taco on Mill after a night of carousing.Weekly events are Scrabble nights on Mondays, Ladie's night on Tuesdays, Trivia night on WednesdaysGreat neighborhood bar, great place to stop in for lunch or a late night bite, great place for beers!
4	If you're going for a chill beer and food; then this is the place.  If you're in a bit of a rush, let the server know so they can help accordingly since they tend to let you be in peace which is nice most of the time.The beer list is quite extensive and includes "beer cocktails" which is something I haven't run into much.  The shandy is very tasty; would be great to day drink to on a weekend.Food is quality, a little expensive (hamburgers don't include fries).Fun atmosphere.  We were there for trivia night which we weren't aware of but the questions seemed fun and unique to the establishment.DOG FRIENDLY!  Patio has separate entrances and the server brought our pooch out a bowl of water first thing.  Would definitely come again.
1	the bouncers are awful! I was kicked out and screamed at by one of the bouncers for "talking smack" and being a "white girl" for talking to a friend about red enchiladas from loco patron. Once I left, I was being yelled at on my way out then followed by another bouncer to canteen where they told those bouncers not to let me in and yelled in my face "that's what you get for talking smack, B****" When I tried to speak to some kind of management I was approached by 4 bouncers and told there was no management here. I have never been treated so badly by somewhere I was spending money and for no reason. This experience has completely changed my view of the bar and want everyone to know that if you are looking for a chill place to hang out drink with friends and be treated with respect this is NOT the place to go!
1	Hey, seriously folks? I have wanted to try this trendy little establishment for awhile now. I love the layout and the open air feeling and the hanging bike for sure. So last Sunday afternoon we stopped in and grabbed an outside table and waited... and waited... and waited... and waited. My son even stepped up to the bar for service and the bartender told him he'd be back in a minute but that turned into five more. So we stood up to leave and our server appeared. She popped a few menus down and strode off, not to be seen for about 10 more minutes. I'm just getting started here! We ordered a beer or two, which they didn't have. We went down their list of beers and they were out of six - 6!! beers that we wanted to try. You're kidding, right? Nope. So we ultimately ordered something she said they had and she came back a few minutes later with another beer entirely. Yep, they were out of another beer. We ordered food, why oh why? Got our dried out pressed patties of beef (?) with literally no dressing whatsoever. The Classic Burger should have had a bacon bleu cheese dressing - it was absent just like the beer in this place. Score Card - Service, blech. Beer selection, blech. Food, blech. Handlebar - you had your chance and I'm never coming back. Sorry.
1	I will admit that I didn't read the fine print on the Groupon and tried to use it on a Saturday afternoon, but the experience was bad from start to finish.  You know that parking will be difficult in that area, so once you've managed to arrive, you're expecting to treated well.  It was pouring rain outside so we inquired about perhaps a hot buttered rum to warm up.  The bartender informed us they didn't have anything like that.  We asked about brandy, and he said they had brandy and asked what kind we wanted.  We asked what they had.  He said he didn't know and went to look.  He returned to tell us that they didn't have any.  Mind you, this is the BARTENDER, and he never even suggested a coffee with khaluha or ANYTHING.  We setteled on jack and coke and looked at the meager menu.  They say they are a bar and grill, but your choices consist of two sausages, a couple burgers, a single turkey sandwich, and i think two salads.  It was a joke.  When we were denied the use of the Groupon, we paid our bill and left.  As we were leaving there were people at the door that appeared to be the owners.  We walked out shaking our heads at the experience.  Y'all can keep your $10 I wasted on the Groupon.  We already wasted $2 for parking to get to an establishment that is more a bar that serves something to eat than a bar and grill, where the bartenders have no idea what is in stock, nor do they know how to suggest a proper alternative.  REALLY people?  You will be closed in no time.....
5	I think it's hilarious when I have a great time somewhere and feel inclined to write a review, then read other peoples reviews and see negative reviews that have more to do with their own faults than the establishments. People have this damn sense of entitlement and "the customer is always right" attitude that baffles me. Perhaps I'm biased as I'm in a service industry, but whatever. I have to say that my experiences at Handlebar have been great, so far. The bartenders are are friendly and the atmosphere is comfortable. We went there with a group of 10+ (some came and some went over the course of a few hours) and they were right on with the service, even with the water refills, which is important to me. I just like the place and enjoy riding my bike up there. Next time I'll get some names to give kudos too, but for now I have to say everyone I've been helped by there seemed very nice.
5	Good spot.
1	I was here for the opening night, and I've returned semi-regularly ever since. The beer selection is satisfying, the layout of the bar is great (with both indoor and outdoor options), and the staff are generally very friendly and helpful. Yes, the beer is overpriced (a pint is not a pint here, I'm afraid), but I tend to overlook that. There is one thing, however, that is quite impossible to overlook.TURN DOWN THE MUSIC.Not just a little bit. Down by half, please.It is simply not possible to have a conversation without getting hoarse. Last night I brought a decently large group here. We spent around $150 in a fairly short period of time, and would have spent another $150 IF WE COULD HAVE CARRIED ON A CONVERSATION WITHOUT SHOUTING. We asked various members of staff repeatedly if they could please turn down the music, and we got the same (very sympathetic) response every time: "we all agree that the music is way too loud, but the owner keeps coming in and cranking up the volume."So we left, walked down to Tops, and spent our $150 there.Some people have tried to apologize for the stultifying volume of the music at this place by pointing out that the bar is catering to a college-age crowd. WE were both (a) COLLEGE-AGE and (b) a CROWD, and the volume of your music drove us and our money right out the door.Owner-Person: you are patently nuts. We understand. But you would do well to listen to your customers, and your very friendly staff. In fact, you should listen very attentively to your staff, since they're the ones that will soon be filing claims with OSHA concerning their hearing-loss.
1	Bouncer staff was unprofessional when dealing my group of bicycling friends. Their words "we don't like you here" were unneeded and unprofessional. I will not come back here if they don't support bicyclists. Why do they have bicycles hanging over their taps if they don't bicyclists to buy drinks?!?!?
1	Always more SECURITY (as stated on their shirts) than actual staff, and every time I've been there, which has been three times now, every one of them is barking orders at you:  FORM A LINE.  GET AWAY FROM THERE.  STEP BACK.  With the mood lighting and custom decor, the place seems to be trying to be swanky, but, even if their patrons are a group of well dressed mid-30 year olds, they're treated like cattle.  Really, who wants to be served drinks by a riot squad?  Ironically, this place is bicycle themed, and a local bicycle organization I'm involved in made it one of our stops on an organized ride.  We took about fifty people there, on bikes, after contacting the management and making arrangements.  The welcome was far from warm ("GO AROUND!  YOU CAN'T COME IN THIS WAY!"), but as we were staging our riders to leave, security basically flipped out on us, acting like they were ready to attack us, screaming at us, and running around like angry apes because we couldn't queue all of riders to leave instantly.  One guy screamed "YOU AREN'T EVEN MOVING.  I TOLD YOU TO GET OFF OF OUR FENCE".  We had three riders that had squeezed up next to the fence to allow a crowd to go by in front, and the other 30 odd that were ready were between the bushes on the other side of the sidewalk, to keep a clear path.  Bizarrely, bar security was being hostilely possessive of the sidewalk that wasn't even what they are leasing.  Our entire stop was 45 minutes.  There was no loitering.  I have a friend who works here and who I consider to be good with people.  If I were going to be biased, it would be in favor of the place.  All of the riders moved as soon as the gaggle of people going down the sidewalk had passed.  We were a group of grown adults, but not even college students should be treated this way.  I'm old enough to remember when college students on Mill Avenue weren't.  Long Wongs, which required physical intervention on occasion, never conducted itself like this before its Mill Ave location was bulldozed.  Even Casey Moores is pretty good at being more level headed than their patrons rather than trying to out dickhead them.  "Give me your money and do what we say" never sat well with me.  There are way too many other places that are actually good -- better beer, better beer selection, better prices, and run not like a prison that I can go to.  If this gets suggested for rides in the future, I'm vetoing it.
5	I was referred here by a friend and was happy to find a cool industrial-type bar with good food and a really awesome beer selection. I always like finding Belgian style ales on tap as they are so much better than out of the bottle. Don't know what I mean? Buy a bottle of Orval. Drink it. Now go to Handlebar and get Orval on Tap. Drink it. Compare. BE HAPPY!
1	Is there a Zero Star?  Awesome a BEER garden in downtown Tempe.  Sign me up.  We get the menu and they have a decent selection of good craft beers.  Awesome again.There are 6 of us at the table this night (Saturday prior to this review) and out of the 6 beers we order, they are out of 4.  Ummm THUD.  Oh let me rephrase, they were out of 5, cause when they brought one of the beers they said they had they really didn't have it and changed his order to a Kiltlifter without asking.  THUD again.How does a beer garden on a Saturday night not have beer?Onto the food.  I love sausages and they have 4 of them on the menu, I think two or three burgers and a few salads.  Like 7 items total.  So a brat and beer sounded good.  Oh...were out of all sausage.  THUD.Enough for me.7 menu items, out of 4, beer garden out of at least 5 beers on tap (could have been more who knows) tells me all I need to know.Buh bye.
4	Very friendly staff and good selection of beers.  I enjoyed my beer.  Not sure it is historic.
4	Good bar.  Good location. The service was quick and the beer was cold.  They have a great happy hour including weekends.  Had the brat; it was pretty good but fell apart.  The fries witht he bacon dipping sauce are great.  Next time I am in tempa I will return.
1	Heard amazing things about the ambience  and crowd here. I hiked the A mt and came for lunch never being here before expected a good time and a good cocktail after a hot afternoon. Sat down waited a good while till I was served got asked if I had been helped or not "unorganized" we asked for a vodka lemonade tonic something refreshing and good got asked for our ids mind you I've come to mill for years before I even became of age with a fake I'd been of age for 3 yrs as well as my friend he bent her I'd and even after proof with her passport was convinced it was fake bent my I'd tht I had just ordered and used days before in portland and az he refused to serve us drinks... Not a big deal so we ordered I wanted to order the cheese fries to find out they are out of fries. So no drink and literally being out of half of ther limited menu I have a very distaste left in my mouth will not be returning Ever... And will not be recommending this place ever instead go across the street to la bocca and have an amazing sangria and much better service 0 stars and to my server who I'm assuming is a manager of some sort you may need to brush up on ur I'd checking because tht was awful service and experience.To continue this the owner of the restaurant emailed us and offered his sincerest apology and said tht the situation will b taken care of very pressed with the promptness and concern
1	I've always wanted to go here it looks so cool and different. So my friend and I went today sat outside it was a while before anyone helps us and when someone did we order out drinks and he ask for my Id so I gave it to him as he bent my iD I asked him what he's doing he said its fake I said no its not I'm about to be 23 so I pull out my passport id (I carry it everywhere with me) and gave him that. And he started bending that one as well and said its fake. I'm was getting upset. And said no its not as he rudely cut me off and said " were strict down here" I said really I've been down on mill before and never had a problem. (Even when I was under age and had a fake ID.)  so we said never mind we don't want to drink as he said good because I can't serve you. So we start to order I ask for a salad no radish he said what no radish I said yes and my friend said he wanted a burger with Fry's as the guys rudely rolled his eyes and said we don't have Fry's. so we got up and left!! I'm never going back there again!!!
4	The menu is a bit limited, but the beer list is extensive. I've had a brawt and a burger here, both accompanied by fries and I'm yet to be disappointed. The staff is friendly and knowledgeable about beer, so feel free to ask for recommendations. The beer cheese dip is pretty damn fantastic, so be sure to give it a shot.
4	Really good beer and amazing beer cocktail.
4	For me, it's a solid beer bar. My husband and I visited during a Sunday HH, when the beer prices are good. It's got an amazing patio which works during the sholder seasons - I saw a few dogs out and about too, so they appear to be dog-friendly. So for me, the atmosphere works, or at least on a lazy afternoon it does! Service was friendly and informative on the local brews on which I typically imbibe.The fries were well-cooked and not too greasy - Although, it did seem small for the price. It's not a deal-breaker for me because I don't need too many fries to begin with.I'll be back, maybe during late night to see how much of a party school ASU really is - I'll put my New Orleans-trained liver up to the test.
1	Love to wait? Come to Handlebar! From the moment we sat at the bar the bartender seemed arbitrarily pissed off. After an extremely thorough examination of our IDs he reluctantly agreed to take our drink order. The burger I ordered was $10 and comes on a bun that I recognize from my grade school cafeteria and no side. I had to really flag down the bartender to ask for my check, which never came. I had to ask another person behind the bar to final get a check delivered. Not compelled to darken the doorway at Handlebar ever again.
5	I absolutely dug this place.  A very modern bar with an outside bar and seating area was perfect company to the awesome weather.  The decor was pretty cool too.  Can't wait to go back!  The bar manager was also very welcoming and pleasant.
5	Handlebar is not the typical bar on Mill Ave, which is why I think it is one of the best bars on Mill Ave.  There is no DJ, but there is music which makes the environment very casual and relaxing.  The drink specials are great and their food selection, though limited, is very good and hand-made.  Never once have I had a bad time at Handlebar and I don't think I ever will.
3	Popped in here while milling around on Mill one afternoon. My first reaction, wow, love this place! It's a wide open space, with lots of TVs, open windows, and a funky lookin' little joint. The bathroom sinks are fun, but now that I'm sober and thinking about it, I actually don't like picking up a bottle of soap that some dude just picked up after touching his junk...however, I do think using a ketchup bottle as a soap dispenser is cute, it's just not sanitary. Anywho, this place is just okay when it comes to food. We ordered a couple of items off the menu and no one was overwhelmed by their entree (a burger, sausages, and a portabella burger). What I didn't like was that you had to order fries a la carte. I'm not really down with that. The drinks were okay. The waitress looked at me like I was from a different planet when I asked for a John Daly. They have a summer shandy that was pretty good. Handlebar is okay. I like the space and the concept more then I like that actual bar.
4	The floor plan of this place is so cool. The inside bar and seating area have large garage style windows that slide up so you have the feeling of open walls. There's an outside patio as well that apparently allows dogs too. We got a table inside by the bar and met some friends for happy hour. My husband thought they had a great beer selection, and for wine drinkers like myself they had about a handful of both reds and whites which were half off during happy hour. They don't have many food options, and for vegetarians only one option: the portobello burger. It was good but for the burger only it was $10, fries are separate and extra $, which I think is pricey for some veggies and bread. If you like brats they have a few of those on the menu. I liked that our server brought us a carafe of water and kept if filled throughout. If I run out of water I stop drinking....so maybe she knew exactly what she was doing! Nonetheless that's always worth a star in my book.
3	I've been here a few times and the service just is never all that great.  It was funny, though, another waitress was just giving us more napkins and she was really awesome and personable and on the ball and I was like, "Damn, why couldn't we get her?"Their drinks and food are usually pretty solid.  Last night, I ordered a burger, but, man.... a burger doesn't come with fries?  Some other stuff happened with my girlfriend being double charged on her card and stuff but the manager was cool about that.  But, man... no goddamn fries with a burger?  I was like, huh, damn, I could've used some fries and didn't feel like tacking on another five bucks or so to get some.  I came home, went online, and found this little gem on The Onion.  That very night.  It was perfect:http://www.theonion.com/articles/batshit-insane-restaurant-believes-fries-must-be-p,30424/Weird... such perfect timing.  And also, yeah!  Burgers come with fries, goddamnit!  I'm not being unreasonable!  Let go of me!  AAHHH!!
5	on a last minute happy hour invitation, the wife and i rode our bikes to the handlebar to meet some friends. it's right off mill and i've walked right past it unfortunately several times. we were seated right away and given a run-down of some of their beer specials. i'm not sure who he was, but he was very intense and passionate about the beer selection and i very much appreciated that. my beer was served promptly as was my wifes glass of wine. we then received another server whom took the remainder of our happy hour and food orders. we split the only vegetarian option on the menu, the portobello burger. it was huge! and delicious, albeit a little pricey at 10 bucks and the fries were extra. the happy hour drink specials more than made up for it. she kept our water glasses filled so we wouldn't be sloshing drunk riding our bikes home in the dark through papago park. the interior is very clean, rustic/modern with a huge bar, and plenty of patio seating which i hear allows dogs. my wife griped about the sink being outside the bathroom-"since girls like to primp" and thought it wouldn't be prudent to check nose hairs in full view of everyone else. me? i just like to wash my hands. a cool spot that wasn't filled with college kids, and had a great selection of beers! hope to go back soon!
3	Stopped in after a ride so the boys can have a drink. Enjoyed an arnold palmer. They got food but didn't get a chance to try their food. staff was friendly & on the ball with service. Outside seating was limited but the positioning was good for watching the people trudge by
2	Beer selection good but service was really slow and it seemed that the majority of the bar patrons were fellow co-workers drinking. Pretzels and beer cheese also good.
2	I was so excited for this place to open but when I got there I was so disappointed. First off, do not call this place a hipster bar, it's far from it. A hipster bar does not sell beer for $10. It sells PBR Tallboys for $1. Second, the food is horrible, got the pretzel and cheese. Just sick. Third, the service was a bunch of assholes. My friend tried to come in after work and she had a different bars logo on her shirt with a zip up over it and they wouldn't let her in. I'm sorry but she was coming in to support your bar, now you guys just seem like a bunch of pricks, and will no longer get service from any of us. Support your local businesses!
1	Worse bouncer service i have ever encountered. Thought i was drunk after drinking two beers and let in my friend who was wasted over me. Eric the bouncer should not be working in the industry. Don't go to Handlebar sober because they won't let you in.
4	I keep Handlebar as my routine spot because its one of the few places on Mill that has all the components I love: Its laid back, has a huge back patio, decent Happy hour prices and NO (I repeat NO) undergrad ASU students. That's right folks, the crowd is on the older/professional/no delta-gamma-kappa-alpha-Nu-Sigma side. WeeeeeBesides coming here for beers and quality day drinking, I'm happy to say that their tiny tiny food menu is also really good. Although they only carry a burger, sausage and salad options, everything they have is very well suggested and recommended. Their sausage with sweet and spicy peppers is legit: the peppers are fresh, the sausage is.. well I rather not say anything r-rated so ill just stick to... delicious. Its quite big and a great snack when you are having beers and cocktails. Their salad is also quite filling and decent, but I would stick to the burger and sausage options cause, well, Meat.Meat is always better.
3	Cool atmosphere.  Slow service.  Maybe it is better at night, I've only been there for lunch.
4	Really cool "handle-bar" theme, great drink specials on happy hour, and located right in the heart of mill-ave.. Try the fish & chips, you won't be disappointed.
4	This place is awesome! Any place with good beer is top of my list, especially when they have Delerium on tap. There happy hour is killer and cant beat their seasoned fries, although their menu could have more selection. There are not too many places on Mill that I enjoy going to, in most cases try to avoid Mill, but this place is a great place to enjoy a few adult beverages after work.
4	I've been a fan of this place since it opened in Tempe. I love that the atmosphere is laid back and open. The large patio is always a perk when you want to relax and enjoy the weather. They have a great selection of beers and cocktails to try and their pretzels are great when they are served hot! All in all this is a great laid back spot to go when you're not looking for a wild party.
4	Love this place, a great addition to Mill.I love what they did with this space. Long bar to one side, big tables to the other. Nice patio w. large windows that open for outside bar seating.They started w/ a basic menu: brats, sausages, burgers, fries and theyre adding and changing things gradually. The brats w/ grilled onions is almost always my 1st choice. Their fries are soooo good. Be warned that they dont come w/ the burgers, they do , however, come w/ your choice of delicious aiolis. I love the black pepper ranch and the bacon blue cheese (and i usually hate blue cheese!). I will say, if you order a burger make sure its cooked how you asked it to be. The one time I strayed from my brat, i ordered my burger midwell, and got it mid rare. Sending it back seemed a chore as the waitress didnt understand my complaint.The waitresses are not great, but the bartenders are stellar. Theyre always willing to help you find your perfect beer. Very attentive, talkative, and give all around great service, even when its crazy busy.And the beer selection, yum. It changes so dont expect to find something youve had their prior on your next visit. Ive made that mistake more than once.I really hope this place survives!
1	My girlfriend and I decided to try this place after seeing it featured in a food magazine. I don't know why the magazine chose this establishment because it isn't that awesome. Fact: it sucked. The service was horrible because we hardly had any. It took about 20 minutes to order and another 30 minutes for the food to come out. My girlfriend's order was wrong, and mine took an additional 10 minutes after hers and my sister's came out. If only the food were good. Their brats were flavorless, and their buns fell apart too easy. The only delicious thing was the Thai ketchup. Everything else was mediocre to average at best. You could probably make it better yourself. I wanted to like it because the atmosphere/environment is interesting/hip (in an urban hipster way) and it has the same owner as La Bocca, which I love. It's just... I wasn't drunk enough to think any of it was worth it.
4	Great beer selection, great happy hour, and awesome atmosphere.  If you are looking for an early dinner and a few drinks, or an after work happy hour spot this is your place.
4	My buddy and I went here for two drinks after work.  Very cool atmosphere, good rinks and right downtown Mill avenue.  The windows and doors all open up and when you are inside you feel like your outside and when your outside you feel like you are a part of the inisde.  Great place to grab a drink!
2	Decent food. Pretty good drinks. Reasonable prices. Horrible service.Pros: The burger and fries were good enough to warrant a return trip. The beer selection was pretty good. Couldn't complain about the drink prices. The manager was pretty helpful, and gave me an industry discount (I'm a bartender) when he brought the check.Cons: Absolutely the worst service I've had in years, by far! We sat down on the patio, where most of the other guests were, for ten minutes before the manager came over and asked if we had been helped. He got us some water and sent the server over. He took our orders and later dropped off the food and drinks. We didn't see him again for quite a long time. I was at a bar and my drink was gone and had no way of getting a new one. Every time the waiter was at our table, it was because the manager had told him to go there.  I had to ask the manager for my bill because the server was nowhere to be found and I no longer had any interest in staying. Once again, the manager handled the situation very well (sending the waiter over and discounting the bill). After we had the bill, the waiter seemed to magically remember we existed. He was hovering over us while i was taking my wallet out and watching me put money in the book. It was really uncomfortable.  The moment the book closed, the waiter had it in his hands. He ran over to the computer looked obviously upset at his small tip. (as a service worker myself i rarely tip below 15% even for crappy service. this service warranted $1 however.)  Nobody expects incredible service in a bar. It's a real laid-back place. I do expect some service though. It is, after all, why their salary is based on tips. The server made us feel more than unwelcome in the bar, but actually feel like our presence was a burden. Our experience could have been completely if we had a decent server. Our server was not simply bad, he was neglectful of his job. I took my business down the street to world of beer and tipped my excellent waiter $30 on my $100 tab. I may give handlebar another shot, but I will be sitting at the bar if i do. The server in question was a tall red-haired male.  i really liked the beer I had there too. I wish I could have bought 10 more. If only there was someone to serve them to me.
1	Weirdest Restaurant experience ever.  Went here with my wife and our 19 year old son.  After my wife and I had already ordered two (alcoholic) drinks and my son had asked for water, the waitress suddenly said she needed to see his ID.  I reminded her he had ordered water.  She said she still needed to see his ID because it was a "weird Arizona law".  I told her that made no sense and reminded her I had just told her he was 19.  She said she could not serve us if he was underage.  I was incredulous at this stage and so asked if we could just get food.  She said she could not serve us anything if he was underage - again stating this was an Arizona law.  She then went on to say that she could check with her manager and he might be able to allow it.  We were then left for more than 10 minutes before another waiter asked if we were being helped.  We told him our story and he said, as we suspected, that this was not a law but a restaurant policy due to issues with underage drinking.  He also said the manager would need to determine if we could be served.  The manager  did a few minutes later condescendingly judge us as suitable to be served - at that stage we decided to leave.  I have no issues with any bar/restaurant making effort to address underage drinking, but to lie about their policy and say it is state law is unacceptable and to treat customers like crap is even worse.
1	HORRIBLE SERVICE AT THE ENTRANCE. After we arrived at the bar (first stop of the night). The IDIOT at the door wood not let me in because when he asked me how I was doing I said "barely making it how about you" and smiled. He told me I cannot say that to a bouncer. I said it was a joke....to that he replied....and I quote again...."its like saying BOMB at the airport" and that he cannot let me in because I look to drunk....I guess I must look drunk all the time since I just walked over from the parking lot. Anyway I told my nine friends that we are leaving and we went to CASA...way better service much better bouncers....
2	As a local Tempe resident & dog owner we're all about supporting local businesses who are dog friendly. Pros: Walking distance from our house & the husband's office. Great beer selection. Dog friendly (they bring water filled bowls out for the pups). Big open patio areas and plenty of places for your dog to be comfy. Great fries & dipping sauces. Cons: Awful service. Awful food. The bar staff is the worst I've encountered. Major attitude & overall a lack of respect towards the customers that frequent this establishment. I'm shocked that nothing has been done to invest in a better team. We've hosted a birthday, brought numerous visitors, office happy hours and it's consistently the same. As bad as the food & service is, we continue to spend money here. We do love the fact that it's dog friendly and they don't limit the hours you can bring the dogs. The other patrons here are always friendly. The service on the patio has been much better than the service you receive on the inside. Hope to see things change in the future - it's such a great place & the layout cannot be beat. "Management", you really need to bring in a new crew who like to work, are friendly and have some social skills.
4	I finally had the chance to visit The Handlebar and was pleasantly surprised! It was nothing like what I expected a beer bar to be on Mill Ave, and that's a good thing! The atmosphere is rustic, chill and enjoyable. The staff is very knowledgable and friendly and there are plenty of tvs and seats to enjoy a game. Now let's talk beer. They have a rotating beer menu which allows you to try different beers on tap every visit. During my visit, I had a delicious white chocolate ale. It tasted like beer with a chocolate after taste! I don't know if I could have had more than one, but it was still was tasty. While looking through the menu, we noticed that they serve beer cocktails which intrigued me so I had to give one a try! I'm glad I did because their beer cocktails are amazing! They also serve pims cups in copper mugs. While there, I noticed that they have great happy hour pricing daily from 3-6:30 ($3 off beer, well drinks and wine) and considering that the beers are only around $5 to begin with, the happy hour pricing is a smokin' deal! I also appreciated the purse hooks they have at the bars. Finally, the food. They have a small but mighty menu consisiting of pretzels, sausages and burgers. We had the pretzels with beer cheese. Yum!! The beer cheese is amazing and the pretzels were fresh from the oven. Next time we'll stay for a burger and more beer.
2	I had high hopes for this place, it was trendy and in the middle of Mill Ave...but their food was disgusting! They only had half a dozen items on their lunch menu, so I got a regular cheeseburger and fries, medium. The fries were ok, nothing special, but the burger was so gross I couldn't even finish a 1/4 of it. The meat was like frozen cafeteria patties, and was mostly this weird white stuff (fat??) It was cooked well done and had zero flavor. For a place that offers such few items, you'd think they'd make them amazingly. Not this place. I'll take a pass next time I'm in Tempe.
3	Not my favorite place on mill, but its okay. The food is alright and the prices are a little high. I have to admit I like the wrap around patio out front,
4	This bar is unlike any other that I've been to on Mill.  Most bars on Mill either smell or make you feel too old if you're out of college.  This is a great laid back feel with a nice atmosphere to just hang and have a bite with a beer.  They have a lot of good munchies on the menu along with a huge beer selection.  My favorite as far as food goes?  The pretzels with cheese! Mmmmm!  The beer menu is large, but not so large you feel overwhelmed like World of Beer down the street.  They have a nice patio that I enjoyed drinking on many times in the spring. :)  But the inside isn't bad either, the bar area is pretty big and the tables in the back are cool if you're with a group.  Parking is to be desired.  I mean, it's on Mill so you can't really have high expectations as far as parking goes.  For that I do not fault them. :)If you are near by and haven't tried this place I highly recommend it, especially if you aren't much on the Mill scene.
5	Met up with a bunch of friends at Handlebar for my friend's birthday meander on Mill for pre-dinner drinks. And to be honest, I was more than a little bummed when we left to head off to the next place.The patio is great! A little warm in the summer (which is unsurprising, considering the Arizona heat), but the misters definitely made it feel like I wasn't standing on the sun. It's very open with a lot of seating and feels a lot more relaxed in comparison to some of the other patios on Mill.  And the waitress who was serving us was really nice and ridiculously attentive.They have an amazing beer selection, which definitely made my night. They also offer some ridiculously tasty beer cocktails. I got a shandy, which was perfect, considering just how hot it was. My friend let me have a taste of her peach tandem and it was also ridiculously good. My only grouse, and it's a small one, is that the only cider they had (at the time, at least) was Crispin. That's not to say Crispin's a bad cider, because it isn't, I just wish they had more of a selection.Despite the fact that we were heading off to dinner afterwards, we did end up ordering some pretzels and fries. Both of which were very good and I highly recommend. Especially with their beer cheese, which is fabulous.TL;DR: Good food, good drinks, good service. Definitely have to pop in again before I move.
4	It's a typical Tempe college bar and probably my favorite. Full of college kids and people who want to be surrounded by college kids. And it gets a little wild.
3	Met a group of friends here on a Sat afternoon. We had fun despite the rude bartenders. I am not sure who or where they think they are...but quite a joke they are!  Management needs to send them back to etiquette class.
4	hey! I liked this place. very casual and laid back. really cool ambiance and great patio.
4	This is a very laid back bar with attentive staff. The food menu is limited but good. My friends who are beer drinkers seems to enjoy the variety. It's a nice place to grab lunch or unwind with friends after work.
2	1pm on a Tuesday and you're out of fries and sweet potatoes for the day?  That's a good chunk of the selection when your menu consist of MAYBE 10 items.  12 ounce draft pours for $7 of sub-average beers? Not crazy about this place.
2	I was really excited to finally go to Handlebar.  I love beer, I love bicycles and I like bar food!  We went tonight; a hot, humid summer monsoon evening.  They keep all the doors and windows open but as nice as that sounds, that means that it will also be hot and humid inside.  I grew up in Arizona, and run long distances so I'm used to heat.  I was wet with sweat after about 30 minutes.Meanwhile, I order my $6.50 beer and sadly discover they pour 12 oz draft beers, not pints like ummm, pretty much every other place there is.  So, for prices that are about 33% too high, you get 3/4 of a beer.I wasn't going to do that again so I switch gears.  It's Tito's Vodka night.  There's a rep from Tito's giving samples. She mentions that Tito's Vodka drinks are $4.  Which ones? "All drinks with Tito's vodka", she says.  "Cool, we'll order some" I say. She is so proud of me, she gives me a T-shirt. Our waitress comes by, and asks for our 2nd round order.  "We'll have some of the $4 Tito's drinks".  We ask which ones are on special.  She too says "All drinks with Tito's Vodka are $4" She's nice and we chit chat and discuss the drinks shown on the Tito's placard on the table. We ask for suggestions, she motions to the placard and says "All of those are really good,  especially for $4"I order a " vodka sonic" (soda/tonic) , my wife gets the vodka martini (which the waitress, the table placard, and the Tito's Vodka rep all said was $4)We get the bill.  My drink was $4 and the ,martini was $6.  We ask about the discrepancy.  She says "Yes, the Vodka part of the martini was $4 but the rest of it was $2 more"  "What do you mean 'The rest of it was $2', You told us at least three times the Tito's drinks were $4"  "RIGHT HERE (on the table) it says 'Tito's vodka martini; $4'""Yes, the vodka part is $4 but the martini part was $2 extra.  That totals $6"Then why did you, and the Tito's person say it was $4?"WELL, everyone knows a martini is extra"I guess olives are $1 each.P.S. The place kind of smelled like pee.:)
3	I have only been here one time--at 3 pm on a Thursday. For what it's worth, I think that's probably one of the better times to go. No crowds, no drunk kids, just good beers and yummy pretzels :P The waitress was really sweet and we enjoyed sitting out on the patio to kill a couple of hours.Overall, The Handlebar is a great place for beers and apps on a lazy afternoon.
5	Handlebar is one of my new favorite bars on Mill, when I actually go to Mill. It is such a cute, modern bar with a bikey flair... I love the inside: the tables, the lighting, and the restrooms. I like to see how restrooms are designed which is kinda weird but some places have cool restrooms and handlebar does. Compared to some of the gross ones on Mill haha...
5	Awesome burger and amazing fries. Beer selection is solid too. Needs more beers from the Pacific Northwest though!!
5	I love this bar! Mostly when the ASU students are gone for the summer (even though I am one). Great beers on tap and in cans/bottles, awesome atmosphere, and top-notch friendly service. The patio offers misters and a decent amount of shade and is also dog friendly, while the inside has a cool clean look about it. I have yet to try anything food wise, but the menu looks extremely enticing! They also host trivia every monday night, so this has become our new favorite night to frequent the Handlebar!
2	Went here to celebrate my friends last night home before deployment. The bouncers were extremely rude, took my friends  state and military ID and told us we had to chase down the PD to get his ID's verified and approved. After spending some time with the police exchanging all the necessary information the bouncer let my friend in. It's too bad the bouncers suck, bc the place is pretty cool.
3	Like..  But no captain?  Really?  How does a "bar" not have captain?  Sailor jerry is not an equivalent
2	After confusing all of the checks at our table, they demanded to see the IDs of everyone at our table as we prepare to pay and leave.Considering the price of the beers and that their food is nothing unique, this is a place I will not come to again. It's one thing to mix up an order, but it's another to be carded twice after they make a mistake. Also, their misters (which run even on nights that are not hot) absolutely drench the tables and everyone sitting under them. After multiple requests, the workers were unable to find a single towel to dry off the table.
4	I thought this place was super cute and fun. We were in and out pretty fast for a Pre Gammage meal and Yelp Elite Event. I had the burger and my friend had the fish and chips. Amazingly enough ( who knew) the fish is really delish! ( Like that rhyme? ) Very good for AZ. The chips were just regular French Fries not really chips and not that great. They might consider chip style fries. My burger was pretty good. The pretzels are wonderful. They rival, "Culinary Dropout's The Yard" and that is saying a lot. The service was fantastic! I would definitely go back.
1	Literally get no stars due to the choice of employing the most douche bag bouncers that exist on mill avenue. Don't bother going here if you plan on having a chill night with friends. You will be kicked out for no apparent reason by so called "bouncers" on a power trip. Not bitter, just speaking the truth. Will never receive my business, and will let all of my friends know not to waste their time.
4	A group of us went for Happy Hour before the big performance at ASU Gammage.  We all sat in the back patio area.  They sure have an excellent water mist system to cool off.   You might get a little wet if stayed too long in one area.  Hey, who complaining when it's 100+!I had ordered the Southwest Smoked Turkey Brat with sweet peppers and caramelized onions.  It was spicy yet so good you can't stop eating it.   The PEACH TANDEM must try!  A well balance of beer and cocktail.It's a great hangout spot.  Good food, beer/wine selection & great service.
5	I had the chance to stop in for a snack today and for quite some time, people have been telling me the food was good here... So I thought I would give it a try...To drink I had the Crispin Cider ale which was an apple ale, very crispFor my lunch snack I wanted to try the pretzels because I heard those were good but I opted for the Grilled Cheese because I was also told it was goodThe GC was very, very goodMy bf had the burger and I was a bit jealous when it came out because it looked really good and he said that it was deliciousThis makes me like Handlebar even moreThe End
4	Handlebar is my favorite bar on Mill. They have a good relaxed atmosphere with great music. It's a nice switch up from the Scottsdale club influence that seems to be taking over other bars on mill. Handle has a great beer selection and their happy hour includes half off brews. If you're looking for some food I'm a big fan of their burger and fries (roasted garlic aioli on the side). I've had questionable service a couple times but it was nothing to stop me from coming back. I'd recommend this place to anyone looking for drinks on mill.
4	$2 beers? How can I say no?This is a pretty great place for your afternoon happy hour. It's not uncommon for a few of my coworkers to head over here if we get out early on Fridays. The menu selection is pretty varied, and service is usually pretty fast.The decor aspires to be a bit hipster-esque, but not suffocatingly so. Don't feel out of place if cardigans and tight jeans aren't your thing. I like it because it's a nice change of pace from some of the more dive-y places on Mill. The crowd is usually pretty mixed, so you'll find young professionals, older adults, and college students.Great place for a meet up with a friend or group.
5	My guy friends decided to hang out at this place during a Saturday night, my only night in town.  We came around 11ish PM.  There wasn't really a line, although there were a lot of people inside.  There wasn't a cover for guys/girls.  The music was alright.  Sounded like a mixture of everything along with top 40s.  We found a free table in back and hung out there the whole night.  I drank 2 AMFs and didn't feel much of a buzz...or maybe I did later but didn't realize it lolIt was a good night.  We even had some entertainment going on with some drunk people trying to jump the rail by our table.  I guess the lady was too drunk to realize that she can get in if she could just act normally.  Too bad security came by and made them leave.  For the rest of the night, the guys were trying to pick up on some girls, but I guess they see me and think I'm cock-blocking or something.  Some girls actually had made eye contact with them but they didn't do anything -_-  No game hahaha
5	JT (bartender/manager) killed it! Good music and beer, badass cocktails custom made by JT and a little bit of food to snack on...will be back :)
5	This bar is the shit. I get my drink on, smoke a cigar, and they even bring a specific cigar tray. Thanks!!!
5	Great drinks and servers. Love to come here on Mill. Try the "i thought of this while riding my bicycle." So happy this place is here.
1	This place was so disappointing. We tried to go with a group. They lost our reservation so we didn't get to sit outside, not a huge deal but not good. They offered a free round of shots to make up for it but they gave us no choice in shots so while this might have been something to help them recover, for all we knew we got sugar water. They didn't have to offer up the expensive stuff but some say in what we wanted would have made it better. Next, our service was terrible. After they moves us to a spot that was too small for our group (because remember they lost our reservation) it took almost 20 minutes to get a server at our table. Then the server was MIA all too often. On top of that, the food selection for a group was miserable. Granted, it's on us for not doing better research on what food options were available for a group but it was disappointing. The only easily shareable items on the menu were literally fries and pretzels. Sorry, we won't be back.
2	Go on a relatively slow night on Mill Ave. Bouncer talks to girls for several minutes before letting you inside. No server or if there is one the wait is completely up in the air. Go to the bar to order a beer on draft, wait 8 minutes while the two, then one bartender completely ignores your section of the bar. Upon conversation about said beer, are told they do not have it and then immediately starts to walk away. No questions about what else I wanted, no suggestions for further beer choices, literally is five steps away after he told me they didn't have what I wanted. I'll tentatively say I won't return. They have good beers and events but the staff ruins the experience. I'm sure there are some good employees, sadly those who are not ruin the experience.
2	The ambiance is cool, but everything about this place stenches of mediocrity. The service is below average; seriously, we waited 20 minutes for someone to acknowledge us, really? The food was okay; nothing special. I would be just as happy with In-and-Out. I am not sure this place is worth all the hype.
1	I went out with some friends. I only give one star because the servers did an okay job. If it wasn't for that, I would say "I wish I could of given 0 stars". One of my friends got sick and was throwing up in the bathroom. The bouncers were yelling at her and kicked her out with even offering to call her a taxi. If I remember correctly, they have to offer a cab ride by law to people that are too drunk to stay. They were rude the entire time. I will never go back there.
5	It's my favorite bar on Mill. Period.But...before you run over there I need to ask you a couple questions: Do you actually like beer, and Are you a douchebag? I just don't want anyone spoiling my happy place. Please go to Firehouse or something...I beg of you.Anyway - They have a perfectly planned, concise menu. Decide what you feel like and they will have the most fruity, dry, hoppy, chocolatey, malty (anything) draughts and/or bottles to fulfill your desires. White Chocolate Ale? Oh, they have it. A rare Belgian Framboise? Drink it up.If you're hesitant about beer, but still not trainwrecky enough to hang out at the other Mill spots, you can get a "beer cocktail". Promise you can't go wrong here.Lastly (but definitely not least)...there's the food - Comforting, simple, child-hood memory evoking, local deliciousness. The patio is perfect, the food is divine, and the beer is everything you'd want on your wishlist.I post this with hesitation. Don't ruin my joint!
5	Great food and drinks. Our waitress was "Katlan," who was really prompt and friendly. She had a great knowledge of all the different drinks and beers. We'll definitely go back next time we're in the area!
4	I enjoy this Mill Ave spot for a good brew after work. We typically come during happy hour and the seating is plentiful during that time. Love that they have seating at the bar outdoors and love even more that they have Stiegl on tap. My cousin got me on this German lager and I enjoy when I can find a place that serves it. Since we are normally at the bar the service is usually quick and they keep an eye on us. The last time I came was for a birthday party. It was one of those few chilly nights in Tempe and they had warned us we might be outside, but they had heaters. Turned out they were able to reserve a few tables inside, so that was a nice surprise. They assigned 1 main server to us, but also had 2 others with knowledge of the group and they did a wonderful job. I have only ever tried the fries and they were good, but I can't comment on the other food. Will have to give it a whirl sometime. This is a nice option for graduates or a working professional as it doesn't get overrun with young students.
2	if one of your signature cocktails is a Moscow Mule and your menu specifically says it comes in a copper mug, it shouldn't come in glass or plastic. I've experienced both from this place. serve the drink the way it's indented to be served.
1	Maybe the beer is awesome here I don't know. I mean you can get good beer just about anywhere. I love beer, but I might love food more and this is not a place for foodies. I ordered a med well Gruyere burger it came out dry as sawdust. The fries were so over done we asked them for a new basket and they were still just too dry. They tasted like they  were frozen. My co-diner said the burger was like  chewing an old dish sponge. I was so disappointed because I was getting over a hang over and I just wanted something tasty after a whole day of tummy aches. Well I ended up puking up that burger later because of the hangover, but I think more because my body could feel my regret. I shall never step foot in that place again. Sorry I know all the cool kids love it but I prefer places with good food over beer.
4	Had a great experience at Handlebar last night. My boyfriend and I are new to Tempe and decided to take a stroll down Mill. We like to bring our dog Rudolph everywhere we go and since we are walking distance to Mill, we decided he should come too. As we approached Handlebar my boyfriend was scoping out places to tie Rudolph up outside the bar. I asked the security guard if Rudolph was allowed on the patio and he said sure. After we order some beers from the outside bar, another security guard had one of the workers fetch Rudolph some water. This gesture was small but seriously sweet. It's little things like that that will keep me coming back to a place. My boyfriend had a great experience with one of the bartenders as well. He told the bartender what kind of beer he liked and the bartender brought out three samples for him to try. Overall, we had a great time with our dog. Rudolph was a big hit with the patrons of the bar. Most everyone that walked by wanted to touch him. We will DEFINITELY be back. The only reason the 4 stars isn't a 5 is because there weren't any drink specials. I know it was a Friday night, but you should have at least some promo going on at one time. It cost $5.50 for a 12oz IPA. That is more like LA prices!!! I know you can do better than that Handlebar :)
5	We love this place on mill! Its very chill place where you can have a drink and relax! Then I think at night it has a DJ? But always go in the day and sit on the patio. They have great food. Not many choices of food but they ones they got is all you need! It's an outdoor and indoor bar/restraint located to all the other ones but this one is clean and not the same old same old! I say try it out bc its one of our favs.
4	I love this place.  Great selection of beers, wines and cocktails - garlic fries are delis and HH is totally worth it.  Service is always friendly but not intrusive.
4	I would give it 5 stars but I haven't tried the food. The drinks are unique and very tasty. Great staff. Must try in Mill!!
4	HAPPY HR starts at 3PM.....I really need to start a Happy Hour list on Mill Ave for Professionals.  My goal for 2014.Handlebar is a great place to grab a beer, so if you can get a seat at the bar ...grab a stool. The bartenders are very knowledgeable and they have a great selection on tap. The waitresses are like a box of chocolates....you never know what you'll get.  It's hit or miss on the waitress service.They have a great patio very inviting, plus it's pet and bike friendly.   Back to HH.   3-6:30pm and 3 bucks off beer, wine and well.  Great deal.  They can accommodate large parties....wink, wink, work groups.  Great place for happy hour after work with co-workers.
2	The only thing this place has going for them is the beer selection, which while decent, is not enough for me to put up with the horrible service and attitude of the staff.  I don't often like to write negative reviews on here, but I did not have a great experience here.  We had made arrangements here for an after work function and had made reservations (or so we thought) for space to accommodate 20 people.  Upon arriving, no such space existed for our group.  There is a fire pit in the back of this place, which was apparently reserved for another party.  OK no big deal because there must be some other area for us right?  One of the staff, I think he was a manager, told us that he had our reservation but we didn't specifically request the fire pit only "space for 20 people."  That was the last I heard from the manager and there was no effort to help us find a space for our group.  On top of that, I had to go to the bar to get my drink and we never had a server come to our table.  Not a great experience.
5	Great beer choices, good food, and suuuuuuper friendly staff! I went because they have a dog friendly patio in Tempe And they were so accommodating to my dog and to us! Staff and managers were very attentive and the beer was great! I'll definitely go back!
2	Food decent,  but service is dismal.  And don't take the beer list at your table to be the truth. It is far from accurate.
4	Made my first visit today and really enjoyed, partially due to the Four Peaks tap takeover as part of AZ Beer Week. Happy hour pricing definitely helped, but I could see myself coming back.The only downside that I had: the bartender seemed to favor cigarettes over cigars when it came to how they set up their smoking policy on their patio, which a real shame. Lots of cigar smokers would likely enjoy this place if they weren't exiled to the back corner of the patio. Too bad the poison smoke from cigarettes seems to be favored as opposed to the natural smoke from cigars. Oh well, can't be perfect, I guess....
5	Staff, Food, Beer options all ROCK! We had a great time a few nights while we were in town for a conference.  Fantastic normal tap list and then we were there one night when sierra nevada took over the taps with great options....prices for drink and food were fantastic...we really enjoyed the burgers, brats and pretzels the few times we ate there.  Courtney at the bar and the rest of the crew were fantastic.  Wish we had one in Madison!
3	Stopped in for a drink while I was visiting family. Classy digs for sure - liked the feel inside, have to say I liked the bar. Would recommend visiting, and will definitely try again, but for now I'm only leaving 3 stars, and here's why:1. Staff was SLOW AS A SNAIL getting drinks. Sure it's a busy Saturday, but my brother ordered a Delirium, and sure the keg was tapped, but it took 10 minutes for the girl to come back and say "we're working on it."2. Overly obnoxious and overly intoxicated students - don't get me wrong, I've been there myself. But these kids were so loaded, I would have seen them get kicked out of any reasonable bar. Honestly, surprised there wasn't a fight!!3. Bathroom's weren't incredibly clean. Not bad enough to scare me away, just not up to par.I visit Tempe often, and WILL ABSOLUTELY RETURN FOR ANOTHER VISIT!! The experience wasn't enough to keep me away, but it was enough to make me skeptical....
5	This place has the best burgers and fries!! My husband also gets the fish and chips and he says it's great. The decor is cool and the staff is friendly and attentive.
4	1/2lb burger and the chicken sandwich were really tasty. The beer choices are great too. Asked for chocolate desert and got three samples of chocolate, vanilla and choc shake what a surprise and education!  We will be back.
4	We hit this place on our way to a play at Gammage.  It had a great selection of local beers and all of the food we tried was excellent and very filling. We will definitely be back. They have both indoor and outdoor seating, just watch for the flys in the outdoor area. They also have a fairly good happy hour.
4	the fries are soooooooo good!!
4	I love writing in bars. This place has a bar with outlets so I can plug in my computer, get free wifi and grab a beer. Ambiance is nice and I love the open air feel.
5	We didn't eat but this was a great stop for a brew or two before our night got going. I would definitely make this a highlight stop though. Great service, great beer selections,   Full bar as well, local beers, good music, overall a great atmosphere right in downtown Tempe. The knowledgeable staff was able to make suggestions on good local beer. Gotta try the Four Peaks Brewing Co. "Kiltlifter".
2	Great beer selection, cool atmosphere, but the service kind of sucked. :/  I stopped by here during the Tempe Art festival thing since they had a really good beer selection and wanted to have a few beers.  Unfortunately, the service was so incredibly slow, I only got my second beer by the time I was finished eating.  Everyone was really nice, but I'd rather go somewhere that doesn't take 10-15 minutes to get a beer.Ain't nobody got time for that.
3	Atmosphere is very relaxed. Everyone who works here is very friendly. And the fact that they have different dipping sauces for my fries is amazing. It does tend to get cramped, and sometimes the employees checking IDs at the door can be rude. It is, however, a nice alternative to any other bar on Mill ave on a Saturday night. I would definitely go for the pretzel and fries if nothing else.
3	I have mixed emotions about this place.. I like that it is relaxed and fairly cheap, but I feel cramped in here no matter what, unless I am outside. The layout is either genius or terrible, and I can't determine which. But as my best friends mom used to say, if you can't say anything nice then shut your whining pie hole - or something to that effect. My last visit was nice. It was. The bartender was on top of stuff, even if he possibly was the only one that truly had his ducks in a row (why you feel the need to keep ducks in a row - I never understood).. but $5 fries with two sauces, out of one is a peppercorn ranch does but a dent in my diet, but is also a lifesaver if one feel well served by any place on might have patronized previous to this place.I will be back sometime.. and be the old creepy guy that stares because he have forgotten his glasses.
4	Great atmosphere and beer selection
4	The nice thing about writing reviews is one can come back and rethink an original review and in this case, my rating has to go up from 3 to 4 stars. It seems like Handlebar has just improved over time, offering a wider selection of food (fish and chips and a number of vegetarian items) and the beer selection continues to stay varied and interesting with some excellent happy hour specials (I believe 3 pm to 6:30 pm). I do like that they work on serving each type of beer in a glass appropriate to that style of beer, something that stands out as a differentiator in regards to their approach to beer and they seem to now have a wider selection of Belgian beers in the large bottles.I went early on a Friday evening with my father and while the music was elevated it was not too loud, and the music was interesting and varied. We sat at the long bar and the wait staff was friendly and regularly checked on us so our water glasses and my beer glass were  refreshed as needed. I had two beers from the happy hour list, which has about 10 or 12 craft beers so nice to take advantage of the lower prices without feeling one is missing out on a quality selection.All I can say, when I go to see a movie on Mill, I always seem to end up at Handlebar for a beer and a bite so I think I can clearly say I fall into the fan category. I also like that the place is good for people watching, big outside patio and an open area and a long bar so that you can almost always find a space there early in the evening.
2	I've been here for drinks a couple times and it was fine. Cheap drinks, mellow atmosphere and not too noisy. However the last time we went (a group of 8), our server seemed to not care whatsoever. Two of us came late and everyone had received their drinks before, but the server took forever to come back and ask if we wanted anything. We decided to try the food, some variations of grilled cheese sandwiches and bacon fries, and after what seemed to be 20 minutes, some of us received our food- cold, with hard cheese. A few people in our group hadn't gotten their food until the others had almost finished (they insisted we start without them). When they finally got their food, it was also cold, but decided not to send it back just so we could leave. After all that, I will probably only go there for drinks from now on.
5	Staff was extremely friendly! Very accomodating to large groups! Drinks were great and they kept them coming! Off hours are the best! If you're free on Saturday for a quick bite and and cold brew this is the place to go!
4	We got a gift certificate from my inlaws that she had won and wouldn't use. THANK GOD! This place is a hidden gem, for sure. I had the Gruyere Burger which was amazing (although overcooked- I asked for medium and there was no pink, but it was so good I didn't care) and my husband had the Polish Sausage with saeurkraut and bacon. We had the soft pretzel appetizer and shared a small order of fries. Everything was amazing. Nothing outdid something else...I can't pick a favorite. Four stars instead of five because of the wait staff. You should never have to even ask for a drink refill at 2pm in a bar on a Monday, let alone wait 10 minutes to even get the chance to ask while another server walks by your table also and doesn't even look over. Otherwise our experience was great and we will likely be back.
5	Been coming to this place since they opened. Definitely my favorite place on mill. Great staff & the menu has been getting better and better! Keep up the good work guys
5	This place is an absolute gem! The staff was super friendly, and the happy hour beer specials cannot be beat! I would recommend the Handlebar to anyone! Being out-of-towner's, we knew very little about the area, our waiter was kind enough to put together a list of bars and local bands he thought that we should check out....talk about going above and beyond the call of duty! I will definitely be back.
2	I was all set to love this place because of it's awesome set up (indoor/outdoor bar) & relaxed atmosphere, but then my salad came. If I had only drank here, I am sure my review would be 4 or 5 stars primarily because they can open up all the walls so it's a completely open air bar which is perfect for Arizona. The menu is small but has lots of good pub grub on it, but I wasn't too hungry so I ordered a salad. My friends' food came out before mine and their sandwiches and burgers looked great - upscale toppings, cheeses, thick breads, nice presentation, etc. The french fries are yummy and come with great dipping sauces.Then my salad was brought out. It was a salad you buy from Wendy's or other such fast food places, still in a disposable black bowl with the clear disposable top. The lettuce was dry, there were a couple of tomatoes, a few slices of cucumber, a sliced hard boiled egg, and that was it! The menu listed carrots, radishes, onion, and smoked cheddar as ingredients but none of that was on it. I mean, COME ON, put it on a real plate and give me all the ingredients or don't serve it at all.
4	I originally liked the Handlebar for their great selection of beers and 1/2 priced apps on happy hour. My work group has been there several times for happy hour and the patio is great for accommodating big groups. The roll up walls are nice when the weather is cool creating one open space so the inside and outside flow together. I went back for lunch the other day and all I can say is "QUINOA BURGER!" I can't believe how delicious it was, packed with Cheddar Cheese, Carrots, Zucchini, Feta, Lettuce, Tomato, Onion and Cucumber Dill Sauce. Absolutely amazing. Of course I added bacon to enhance the experience so it definitely wasn't a vegetarian option. I'm adding Handlebar to my regular rotation for Mill Ave lunches.
5	Mark provides service that you don't see anymore.Mark is awesome.We were in for an ASU football game in October. Mark was helping us. Mark mentioned that next time we were in he would take care of us, (because there was some beer confusion when we were there)  and he would have a great beer for us.  We have stopped by several times since, hadn't seen Mark again, but  this time it was 7 months later and Mark remembered us, I barely remembered the situation but he did. He walked up to us with two beers in his hand and said which one you  want.  Phenomenal personal service.  You don't find that conscientious service these days very often. Very very impressed.  Would highly recommend the personal service they provide.
4	Awesome Burger, Awesome Fries, Awesome Joint!
1	I'll begin by saying, I've never been inside the Handlebar Tempe. I'll follow that up by saying, I have absolutely no desire to, after they way I was yelled at by one of their bounce staff. Now, I know bouncers have to deal with a lot of drunks, and it is probably a frustrating job. However, I was sober, not even in line for the Handlebar, and waiting for a friend, on the sidewalk, well away from the front door. Without provocation, or really for any reason, I was yelled at by a redheaded bouncer to get in line. I informed him I was waiting for a friend, and was confused because I was literally waiting on the curb. He started shouting that I needed to be in line, and that he doesn't take bribes, and if I wasn't going to get in line, I needed to get out of his sight. Now, a) the sidewalk is a public sidewalk and is in no way owned by Handlebar, b) the way he approached the situation was incredibly rude, arrogant, and made him look like an ass.  Maybe the guy was having a rough day, I don't know. Regardless, his behavior was enough for me to post a review about it. So, if the management of the Handlebar Tempe happens to see this, I'd recommend encouraging your security staff to have a little more tact and not yell at people minding their own business.
4	A great selection of beer, with a comfortable atmosphere.  Indoor/outdoor seating...the patio is enclosed and well-misted in the summer.  The food is good and reasonably priced.  The Handlebar centrally located in the Mill Ave district.
4	We tried this on Friday. Fantastic beer menu. The cocktails were unique mixing beer and alcohol. Makes me want to become a mixologist.
3	Some friends and I were bouncing around Mill Street exploring and having just left El Hefe from dinner where the tacos were the jam but the margaritas not so much, I was searching for a proper drink. This place looked like a good fit for a pub/cocktail scene so we dropped in for a few. The wait staff wasn't overly friendly or fast and the drinks were a little steep for the pour provided but so it goes. The inside was chill and relaxed and the food was likely good from what I saw. They also had a slew of board games to sit and play if you're into that sort of thing. The beer list wasn't huge but it was interesting and they had decent bourbon on hand. Lastly, the patio looked pretty inviting from the quick look I had while trying to find our elusive server. It's worth a looksee.
4	Great beer selection and a much more courteous staff. Had a good time! The bartenders were very knowledgable and had great ideas based on your taste preferences. I'm an IPA fan, and they gave me quite a few new beers to try.
2	I was really hoping to like this place because of the large selection of craft beer and because it looks like a cool spot with a fun atmosphere and a great patio area. My boyfriend and I tried it out for Friday night happy hour. The girl bartender who helped us didn't attend to us until about 5 minutes after we sat down at the bar, and not because it was busy, but because she was chatting with the other bartender at the opposite end. 5 minutes, eh no biggie, but when she did come over, she seemed less than thrilled to be there and serve us. The vibe after that was just kind of blah. She never came back around for us to order round two so we instead flagged her down to close out and take our business next door to Zipps for the rest of our happy hour which then turned into hours ;)
4	Great place to come and have a beer during the week. They have a fantastic selection of beers and a decent happy hour special. This place has a pretty unique vibe that lets it stand out from most of the other bars that are downtown on Mill Ave. The patio area is a perfect spot to grab a beer and relax with friends no matter what time of year. The place gets pretty rowdy on the weekends but its still a pretty cool joint.
4	Great beer selection, with descriptions for those of us who want to learn more about the art of beer tasting! The brat was delicious, but the bun was a little dry. Great happy hour & fun atmosphere- would come back for sure! A welcome change from the typical Mill Ave restaurants/bars.
4	Great drink selection and amazing food for a bar. Staff not impressed with my dance moves, so 4 stars.
3	My boyfriend and I found this place while exploring Mill Ave for some cocktails. The place appeared to have room at the bar and looked very inviting. Definitely a cool looking place with a beautiful patio. We sat ourselves at a table that I could barely rest my arms on cause they were pretty tall and was promptly greeted by a pretty waitress.I ordered the Old Fashioned ($8) while my bf ordered the Moscow Mule (also $8). We also ordered a "large" portion of the sweet potato fries ($5) My drink was VERY strong with little taste of any bitters. I would have preferred to have a better blended drink but having it be strong was good enough for me. My BF liked his drink, it seemed to be better blended.The big disappointment was the sweet potato fries, which stinks cause I love sweet potato fries normally. I feel like we got all the little crumbs left behind before they made a fresh batch. It did come with two dipping sauces which were good, especially the tomato basil. My BF said the BBQ sauce was a bit spicy but he liked it. We couldn't even really enjoy the sauces so much cause the fries weren't even fries just (very) salty crumbs that I ended up trying to use a utensil to eat cause we paid money for them and I was determined to eat them, I eventually gave up. My BF wanted me to return them cause they were such a joke but I just couldn't bc I work in the industry and know that annoyance. We wanted to try a burger or something cause we were so hungry but after the disappointing fries we decided against it.I'm sure the fries aren't always that bad but for us it was a big turn off. If you want strong drinks (lots of beer options too) in a hip bar on Mill Ave with lots of TVs and space to sit down and you're not very hungry, this place is worth checking out.
4	I was in Tempe for a couple of months one summer and had a great time. This was one bar we went to a few times, and it was really fun.Their trivia night was the highlight for me. Maybe I'm biased because they asked a question about what state's 3 biggest cities all start with C (woo, Ohio!) but we had a pretty good night here. The patio was really nice and perfect for taking in a warm Tempe night.If I were in the area, I'd stop by again!
4	Great beer selection.. Awesome patio. The portabello mushroom sandwich was fantastic. Definitely recommend this place if you're looking for good beer and a casual place to hang out. Food menu isn't extensive but it's all delicious!
4	The feel of this bar is different from the rest of the bars on Mill Ave.  It's more relaxing than "yeah lets party and get wasted".  They make a phenomenal moscow mule, bartenders are very attentive and super nice.  Will make this a first stop for all our nights out on Mill Ave
4	My friend picked me up from the airport around midnight on a Monday and we had nothing better to do, so we decided to stop by Mill Ave on the way back and grab a beer or two. We wanted to try a place we had never been before, so we wandered into Handlebar around 1am and found the place empty except for a bartender and waitress. We knew it was late on Monday night, but I don't think either of us were expecting to be the only ones in the joint.We sat up at the bar and the bartender started telling us about their Brown Bag special on Mondays. For $8, you get a domestic tall boy, a shot of Fireball/Jager/Jameson, and your choice of either a popsicle, ice cream sandwich, or pack of cigarettes. I had never had anything like it before and I elected to pass that night, but I was intrigued and might have to go back to give it a shot.Anyways, you'll find a pretty wide selection of beer at Handlebar, and our bartender was more than happy to walk my friend through the differences between IPAs and ales. He let us sample a handful of different chocolate-y beers before we settled on our drinks of choice, and he even handed us the remote to change the TV channel. It's a nice spot on Mill if you want a break from the typical party vibe on the avenue.
4	I like the place and the service from Candace was awesome, food was just ok
2	I usually love this place except for tonight... The sign on their front door would suggest they are open until 2am every day, except for when you get there at 1:40, in that case they are closed and don't want you to buy one beer to close the night. Stupid policy for an otherwise decent bar.
1	Absolute worst service...ever!!  Slow service, uninterested employees, bland food...such a disappointment!
3	Nice place with a wide selection of beer and decent food options. A bit overpriced. My pet peeve is being asked to close out my tab because my server's shift has ended. Good for 1 out of 3. Food for server, bad for customer and business.
2	Apparently the handlebar is like an institution in Tempe.  It's known for its beer and laid back atmosphere.  They had plenty of televisions for sports watching and bench seating for larger groups.  The patio was a great addition, for smoking or possibly hanging out when the weather is nice.  We stopped in because another bar was fully packed and we saw another group was going into Handlebar and commenting on the display in the window.  There was so type of indecent doll doing something to a handlebar.  Sounds like the perfect place to me.  My husband and I were waiting to go to dinner later so we only ordered drinks.  Our waiter was pretty attentive at first but the more people that came in that he knew the less we saw of him.  I ordered a Moscow mule that had whiskey but wasn't strong so I could have kept with the pitcher of water on the table.  My husband ordered some drink with beer and vodka, I believe but as you can see, it was so forgettable I can't even remember what it was.  Pretty much we had a pit stop to warm up and figure out our next course of action.  Walgreens would have been a better option.
5	The french fries are insane.
