3	FYE (also known as Sam Goody, Suncoast, and countless other names) has survived in malls across America for years. As far as I can tell, though, being in a mall is the main reason they stay in business. They aren't a terrible store, but still leave a lot to be desired. PROS: -Convenient mall location -Many different types of products (music, video, apparel, games, etc.) -New AND used items -You can trade in used items-EXCELLENT clearance sales - I went in a few weeks back and scored several Blu-Ray movies for $10 each.CONS: -Lackluster selection - the weak selection of stuff available here makes Best Buy look like paradise. -Poor organization - the shelves are often a mess, with misplaced merchandise galore.-HORRIBLE, FULL RETAIL PRICES on most new merchandise. No markdown whatsoever. In fact, this is the ONLY store I think I've ever been in that RAISED the price above MSRP! -THEY DON'T HONOR PRICING ERRORS. Tower did this (provided it was the store's error) and they were a better store for it. Why other chains can't follow this example is beyond me. -Often subpar staff. This one is pretty self-explanatory, often you won't be able to get a straight answer on your questions. However, I have talked to good staff members before, so I'm not going to insult anyone.-No way to view/listen to samples. The store really needs the touch-screen database stores like Tower had and Zia has now.What we have here is an average chain of stores that falls short in many areas, and has survived due to their mall location. If you live in the Vegas valley, go shop at Zia instead. They've got all the "pros" of this place, and many, many more.
4	This is the last remaining Fye (For Your Entertainment) store in the Las Vegas valley (formerly Sam Goody's a few years back) located at the lower level of the Galleria Mall, near Dillards. We went here on saturday, because we were in the area. Upon entering, the TV on DVD sets are along the left side of the wall (just about the entire space), with regular DVDs and Blu Ray DVDs on the left side as well. In the middle are music CDs. On the right wall, are electronics and accessories like iPod cases and dock stations. The back wall has posters and toys/figures. At the cashier counters, are candy and other novelties (much like grocery stores, huh?). Nearby are magazine racks (also like grocery stores). There was a good sale on the used Blu Ray DVDs- Buy 2, get the third for $1.00 (guaranteed for 30 days BTW). So we couldn't resist the promotion. We're building our collection and replacing our regular DVDs (action movies) with Blu Rays.
2	Just go to Zia and get it over with.
3	Just got home from the Galleria Mall, March 4, 2014.Yes, they are CLOSED CLOSED CLOSED.The store was not the best, but it had it's moments.Other than Dicks sporting goods this was the only place in the mall that I was a regular in.When the wife was shopping, I would be in here to kill some time, too bad they are closed after all these years.I guess it's the economy, seem there are numerous shops closing up in the Galleria mall, the place is really boring.
