4	Very hometown feel in this place. I came here to check out the open mic they have on Thursday nights. And it was great environment and cheap drinks! Great combo!Can't wait to go back!
4	St. James Place is a dive in the finest tradition of dives. The drinks are reasonably priced and they actually have a pretty nice selection of beers. But my favorite part is their finest entertainment: an antique bowling game! The game doesn't seem to end, and sometimes your score mysteriously moves backwards. If you're a little drunk, you can play for hours with your friends, trying to guess if knocking pins down will help your score or somehow roll it back.  They also have darts, a couple of pool tables, and a juke box in the back. When you need a respite from all this, the bathroom is covered in slate, and they provide chalk.Don't come here if you're looking for a place that's hopping. But if you're in the mood for a fun dive, this is the place to go.
3	Decent place for a peaceful beer.Casual atmosphere..but there is smoking inside so it can get too stuff sometimes..
5	Love this place for their Tuesday night karaoke.  My friends and I are regulars on Tuesday nights, as we followed DJ Monte from the old days of Alexander Graham Bell's over in Homestead.They've got a small, but yummy kitchen.  Their wings and homemade potato chips are so very, very good, as are the chicken fingers.  Booze is cheap and plentiful, and the bartenders are friendly and accommodating.They've got two pool tables and sports on TV if you don't want to join the karaoke madness.  If you do, Monte has an awesome selection of songs, and he will do his best to find the songs you want to sing that he doesn't have listed. We just celebrated my birthday here on a Tuesday night, and Monte managed to find an obscure song from a Prince movie for me (and he let me turn in request slips for songs I wanted my friends to sing - and thankfully, my friends were kind enough to indulge me, lol).My only complaint about the place is that it's still a smoking bar, which is a little hard on your voice as the night goes on (unless, of course, you're just singing Bob Dylan songs all night).  Karaoke gets crowded during the holidays, when everyone gathers here home from wherever they moved after college, but on a typical night, you can almost always get at least two songs in.  Love it!
3	Yep.  It's a pretty divey bar.  The descriptions got that right.  The nice thing about this bar is that the bartenders weree friendly and attentive, the regulars are usually comfortable enough to invite you into their "home away from home," and most importantly DRINKS ARE CHEAP!  Pretty big room if you want to have a go round as some pool and from the looks of it, had some tasty bar food specials going on during the week.  Would I make this my regular hang out?  Probably not, but if someone wanted to stop in again, I'd go come along.  Nothing beats cheap drinks!
3	You know how Tiny Fey is a super model when she goes to Cleveland? Well places like this make me RICH when I'm hanging in Pittsburgh.Got a round of Jameson shots, paid with a $20 and got change. Yes, please.
4	Can you be moderately disgusted by a place yet still love hanging out there? Yep; that is exactly how I feel about St. James. Yes, it's falling apart. The kitchen has been "out of order" for months now, and last night, the water dispenser on the drink gun went down. (They gave us free bottled water to make up for it.) And true, in the warm months, the men's room tops anything you saw in Trainspotting. I'll set the scene for you with a short poem.St. James Place Men's RoomFruit fliesUrinalPee holeNuff said.BUT. If you don't mind a side of grime with your drinks (or enjoy a side of drinks with your grime), I'd definitely recommend the place. The service is always very good. The drinks are cheap-cheap and the pours are heavy. The regulars are good folks; not that aggressive South Side riff-raff. Plus, if you're into karaoke they do a killer karaoke night on Tuesdays. (Oh, and the ladies' room is apparently just fine. Lucky ducks.)
4	Had to take a star down - the kitchen is out of commission, long-term/possibly forever-style. Still great for karaoke, but now we have to stop and grab late-night pizza on our drive home, boo.
4	Haven't been in a while but Tuesday karaoke nights are the best.  Hate the smoke inside hut it's worth it for the atmosphere and cheap drinks.
1	Has morphed into a bar that belongs in Garfield...I hope it gets shut down....don't need this in a thriving residential neighborhood.  Sad that St James Place is gone and the Rusty Barrel joke is here....all kinds of trash visit this bar...stay away.
