5	This is a gorgeous salon and they are so very professional, but we all know only a skilled beautician can give you that great hair you desire, here when you go ask for Durstian!  If you want just a trim, color or the best extensions ever, she is the one!  Stop in and just try on a few of her hair pieces, you won't believe how great they are!  I dare you try them on and walk out!!!!
5	Hand down one of the nicest salons I have been too! Very friendly staff and atmosphere. I had the pleasure of Jessica Zorn cutting my hair and she did an amazing job! First time seeing her and she cut it just the way I like it! Thanks everyone your doing an amazing job :)
5	From the moment you walk in, you know you are in the right place for gorgeous hair.  The decor is luxurious without being stuffy and the staff is gorgeous and SO nice!!  If you want to update your look, try something new or just do a little maintenance - Laura is your girl!  She has beautiful hair of her own and is VERY knowledgable about the science of color, products and how to make your hair as healthy and fabulous as possible.  She is a great listener, has great ideas and is a straight-shooter.  LOVE HER!
5	I started going here in May of 2012 and am in love with Laura B.  I have been waiting 15yrs for a decent haircut, she is phenomenal, she blows me away with how great my hair looks and feels.  My color and cuts last a long time and I get lots of compliments on her work.  The salon is great with appointments, I never have to deal with uppity front desk girls, they always offer a drink and even call to follow up to make sure I was happy.  I am super impressed.  Highly recommend!! :)
5	Great salon and very professional!
5	I visited Kristine K at La Lou for a pedicure. She is a delight. Great service, she takes her time and does a great job. I will return again! Salon is clean, beautiful and quite enjoyable! Thank you Kristine!
5	I 100% recommend La Lou Salon to anyone!! The salon is so cute and the staff is very friendly...they ALWAYS ask you if you'd like a complimentary drink. I recently had my hair and make up done for my wedding by Kylee Lowe and Sarah Monachos. They made me feel and look my best! This week I am going to see Kylee again so that she can cut off 10 inches of my hair to donate it. I totally trust her with cutting my hair because its guaranteed that you will look amazing after!!! :)
5	This is the cutest little salon! I always go to Charity, she is so upbeat and awesome (and puts up with me)! I can never make up my mind on how I want my hair and change it all the time. She took me brunette in December and then I wanted to be REALLY blonde again in April! But she got me just where I wanted!! Always does a great job.I have also gone to Savannah once when Charity wasn't available and she did a great job too!Everyone is just so friendly and seem to really enjoy working there. They have a good selection of products. Its not a HUGE salon so you feel like you're on an assembly line, but just big enough where you feel like you have you're own space while getting pampered! Would definitely recommend this place.
5	I am very picky when it comes to my hair...I have very thick, blonde (high lighted) hair and its not easy to cut, style or color. I came to La Lou and saw Danielle DeSpain and was completely blown away. Not only is the salon super cute, but Danielle is just a doll! She comes from NY with a ton of experience but was born and raised in the northwest. She gave me the best hair cut I've ever received and was very attentive to what I wanted and my comfort. She gave me a great head message at the shampoo bowl (which I am a sucker for) and the blow out / style was amazing too!! All around love her! I have already been back multiple times.
5	I have been all over the Phoenix/Scottsdale area and have tried almost all of the top salons.  This blows them all out of the water.  I just kept thinking, "Is this place for real?"  Everyone was very friendly and Kylee, my stylist, was amazing.  Best cut and color I have ever received.  And I have been getting my hair done for a LONG time....HIGHLY RECOMMEND!
1	I purchased a booklet for $50 the allowed me to come in for multiple visits only needing to pay at least the predetermined tip amount, since I work in the area and I'm always looking for a new, amazing salon this seemed like an awesome deal. I came in a few months ago for the first visit which was a deep conditioning treatment, cut and style. First off, it was a basic wash, they used their normal conditioner, just rubbed it in and rinsed it out. Nothing deep conditioning about it. My hair cut was horrible, I had to go elsewhere and get it fixed. It was uneven and I had random chunks of hair that were longer in certain spots, the left side didn't match the right. If it wasn't bad enough he gave me a horrible hair cut, his attitude and personality left a lot to be desired. He was very self-absorbed, kept playing with his hair in the mirror instead of focusing on mine. So needless to say I wasn't in a huge hurry to get back to this place, but my vouchers were about to expire so I called to make two different appointments. One for a mani/pedi but they explained they do not have a nail tech at this time and I'll have to call back in a couple weeks to schedule. Ugh The other appointment was for highlights and another deep conditioning treatment (that doesn't actually exist). I asked the girl if she could see who I had my appointment with last time, she could and I explained in detail that I did not care who my appointment was with as long as it wasn't the same person as last time. She apologized my first appointment was a disappointment and said she'll be happy to schedule me with someone else. There was no room for confusion.So I left work early yesterday for my appointment, I checked in and waited and waited. Finally the one darn person I requested not to touch my hair walks up and calls me by name. WTF. You have got to be kidding me??? Beyond irritated I have a seat in his chair figuring I'm just going to let him do the highlights bit will not let him cut it. First off he had no idea what my appointment was, he seemed confused when I told him. He asked what color I wanted, I told him I thought we could figure it out together with his color samples. All he needed to do was put the samples by my hair to see what look the best. Instead he huffs and puffs and asks why I didn't bring pictures with me then storms off to get some magazines. Ummmm, What?? That was my cue to get up and leave. I told the girls at the desk about my issue with them scheduling me with the one person I requested to not have. They didn't seem to care, just an "oh, that's weird" instead of apologizing  I'm beyond irritated with this place! Problem is I already "paid" for these services. I'd rather just have my money back for my voucher!!!
5	For any men interested in getting a good fresh cut, I definitely recommend La Lou. The customer service was amazing. From walking in and being greeted by the front desk to being in the chair I would say this experience deserves a 5 out of 5 star review!
1	This is a follow-up review to my original one star review. As you can see my rating hasn't change, I was really hoping it would. But, unfortunately I cannot in good faith increase my star rating or delete my review after the irate conversation with the owner Lindsay Smith. As you read in my original review, after purchasing a booklet of deals I had a horrible experience. When I tried coming in for my second appointment, I was disappointed once again. Now, you could very easily ask why I would ever make a third appointment, well that's simple, my services were already paid for and after complaining three times (on the phone, via Facebook and in person) I was assured I would not have the same stylist as my first two visits. I understand that just because the salon hired one guy who can't cut hair and is extremely rude, that doesn't mean the rest of the staff is that way. So, I scheduled an appointment for Saturday, Feb 1st.  On the Thursday prior I received a call from the owner asking me why I scheduled an appointment after leaving a one-star review (2 weeks prior). I explained that I had essentially already "pre-paid" for my services and that I was going into my appointment with an open mind. I was hoping I would leave with fantastic hair and would then be more than happy to rewrite my review. Lindsey didn't see it that way. She made it very clear she wanted that review removed, claiming it was "unfair" for her. I told her I could not just remove my review because she asked me to, that I would be happy to change it after my appointment or if she made things right and just refunded what I paid for my booklet. She explained she was canceling my appointment, that she did not want me in my salon simply because I gave her a negative review and said she would contact the third party I purchased my booklet from for a refund. Lindsay called me again that night to remind me I no longer had an appointment (I heard you the first time) and that she spoke with the third party and I would NOT be getting a refund. She insisted I remove my review since in her opinion it was slander, claimed she had already talked to her attorney about this. Well guess what, you can't bully someone into removing a review you don't like!!! She repeatedly blamed me for being in this situation, saying I should have contacted her. However, I informed her salon of my problem on 3 separate occasions, it is NOT my fault if your staff does not inform you there was a problem and you have a client that's extremely upset. The fault lies with your staff not informing a manager like they stated they would, it lies with your stylist whom I wouldn't let groom a homeless dog and you for having NO clue how to run a business. Based on the filtered 1-star reviews I'm not the first to be dissatisfied and unfortunately I will likely not be the last. To cancel my appointment simply because you do not like my review is not very professional (or mature), a real business owner would have wanted me to come back in to show me that her company is better than this. Instead, (to no surprise) she threw a fit and hung up on me when I refused to delete my review. Very unprofessional!! In the end, I never got my money back. She claims that the $50 I spent on the booklet was less expensive than a $65 hair cut there, which would make sense if I had actually left with a decent haircut and didn't have to go elsewhere for it to be fixed. Additionally, they are advertising services they do not have. The booklet included services for a manicure and a pedicure but for months I have been unable to schedule one because they cannot seem to keep a nail tech on staff...I wonder why??One more thing, please read the previous 5 star reviews. Some are employees (they said so in their review) and others are clearly either friends of the salon or work there themselves. There are too many reviews where this is their only review. They don't have a yelp photo, didn't complete their profile, don't have any friends and this is their only review. Seems mighty suspicious to me. But, if that's how Lindsey feels she needs to portray her business, she's only hurting herself.
5	So, I'm writing this review for Charity only. I know that each stylist is different but she is a 5 star. I went to her randomly and got a great haircut. Made a mistake and got a bad haircut after going to her by a different stylist which required months to grow out. Went back to her to make the correction cut and will continue to go to her for as long as I'm in AZ.  She is detail oriented and nice...Super easy to talk to which is saying a lot because I'm not naturally chatty or social by any means.Salon is beautiful and more boutique. Not a mega salon which I like a lot. Have great selection of products too. The girl who posted about how some stylists sat around doing their own hair...yes, I've seen that but I'm unsure of how that is unprofessional...It was like getting a free tutorial on how to do beachy waves by a pro in real time...
