3	Circle K continues to offer a nice refueling experience.We come here towards the end of each month, when our fueling discount from nearby Fry's are about to expire.  The gas is somewhat more expensive than nearby Tatum Boulevard in Phoenix.  But they seem competitive to neighboring Shell SuperPumper on the corner. Yesterday I paid $3.559, after getting ten cents off for regular unleaded. Not bad.Like most Circle Ks, they do a very nice job of keeping things clean and spiffy. We have used the conveniences store only a few times, but it too looks well stocked and clean.
4	This is pretty much my "oh-shit-I'm-outta-gas-n-about-to-get-on-the-101 last chance stop".Always sparkling clean AND has a pungent smell of bleach as I open the glass doors - morning or night. I love that. It says to me that employees are constantly wiping, mopping, and sanitizing and that rocks in my book. Gas stations have a lot of traffic of people - both dirty and clean, which requires maintenance of floors, counters, etc. So, great job!!Cashiers are always friendly w/me - which I also adore. Something that DOES get under my skin? The male cashier who works early mornings. Why? Because I'm not a morning person - never have been. I will speak as necessary but do not wish to have a full conversation at 6:30am on a Tues en route to work. And, please Sir, don't pester me on "Why did I select this flavor coffee?" and ask me 20million questions about why the sky is blue, and ask me to smile. It really is irritating to me. Really. Nothing personal, I just don't do early mornings is all. :)He also works Saturday mornings. Sir: please don't swoop in and give your unsolicited opinion about which crappy gas station sunglasses I should buy according to my hair color and skin tone. Ok? I just need a shitty $10 pair to block the rays, these aren't Ray-Bans. Leave me in peace.Overall, great place to grab coffee and gas up!
5	The sweet little cashier lady Lindo was very friendly. Typically when you're inside of the gas station you are able to look out and see what the pump number is however at this gas station that is not the case. I asked the cashier why and she told me that the city of Scottsdale does not permit large numbers on pillars because they consider it unsightly. How inconvenient though!
