5	Fun store.   Jessica was very nice.   No ferrits here though.
4	PetSmart is a great, not good, but a great pet store! We have shopped here and at several other locations in four different states with always the same high quality results. We have also used their pet adoption services, as well as their pet grooming which is also great! Nice employees who really care and are very helpful. A big WOW!
3	I am awarding this PetSmart "3" Stars because I think if is about average for what a "pet store" should be. My #1 complaint is: - I work in an office where many people have Betta fish on their desk... and this particular store has the WORSE kept Betta fish selection. The little bowls the fish are kept in are atrocious! Petco up the street has such a 1)nicer variety 2) Better kept and maintained environment.I do like coming here on the weekends when they have a particular animal group bringing dogs for adoption!!! I already have 2 dogs, and can't rescue a third... but I do contribute. But it makes my day to get to spend a little time with all the dogs! Thanks Petsmart for allowing these groups to do what they do at your stores!
1	I would NOT recommend this Pets Mart to take your dog for a grooming. I have a West Highland White Terrier and took him in for a traditional Westie cut. He came back with a "cocker" cut, not a Westie cut and looked ridiculous. I took him a few days later to another groomer and they asked me "Who did this?" I told him Pets Mart, North Scottsdale and they said that he was not groomed to the breed standard and that his "genital" area and arm pits were not done to regulation and it was not sanitary!! Will not be going back there. I think their employees need better training. They don't seem professional to me at all.
4	This Petsmart location has been my dog's grooming location since he was a puppy. I usually schedule with Kendra because she is super nice and really fast -- and of course does a great job. Plus, she gives me these report cards that tells me just how wonderful and cute my dog is which I absolutely love -- I actually save them because I'm just that sentimental about my child, err dog, Toby. I usually do the "teddy bear cut" and most of the time my dog looks super cute although sometimes he doesn't look as cute -- but hey, I think perfection is a little tough given the hours and exhaustion these groomers face. My dog has never looked bad or been given the wrong cut as others have mentioned. They will also make any corrections you want and they ask you if your dog looks the way you want it -- great customer service. I do have one concern though -- the last few times my dog has been scared to go here, like holding onto to me tight scared. I don't know why and I don't know if something happened to him, he might just be nervous around other dogs -- he did get into a small scuffle around the same time at our residence. So IN NO WAY am I pointing the finger at this Petsmart and in all honesty I'd be really surprised if it was linked to them. This place is clean and all the groomers seem super nice and the dogs seem to be in good spirits. However, I may need to find another groomer just because I'm concerned about my dog being so skittish the last few times. If you do go here, ask for Kendra. She is always fantastic. Oh and a bonus: they can usually accommodate any scheduling needs you have from early morning to late afternoon.
4	PETSMART HAS A NO-KILL POLICY, WHICH I SUPPORT! I walked in a couple of weeks ago just to have a look around.  I naturally gravitated towards the cat cages and saw that PetSmart was giving away free adoptions of cats a year or older!  Each cat would even go home with you with a free bag of cat food.  These cats were either spayed, or neutered, were free of FVR/FHV-1, and were microchipped.  (Well, the one I fell in love with was, anyway.  If only I could've brought her home that very day, but I wanted to make sure my housemate wouldn't mind.)  I asked if these cats had any behavioral problems and was told that NONE of them were damaged, but that these were pets who couldn't stay with the families anymore due to either a sickness, or onset of allergies of a family member, or a new addition to the household.  Some of these cats were "package deals" and couldn't be separated from the other companion.  These cats were being offered on free adoption in order to make room for the kitten population explosion that always comes around in the spring... (Or even as early as a week later from my first visit!  I went to visit the cat I fell in love with the very next week and she was already gone!  Boo!  It was very understandable, though, as she was absolutely delightful.  Aside from the two adult cats that grew up together, the other felines present were all kittens.)If you ever walk in and fall in love with an animal but couldn't take it home with you that same day, you could fill out the necessary adoption paperwork and the store will gladly hold the pet for a couple of days, or so, while you prepare the home for the arrival of its new member.  Needless to say, the store would rather you return for the pet sooner, than later, so please be considerate.  I knew I really didn't stand a chance of persuading my housemate in letting me adopt the cat, but I was hoping I could spend a bit more time with the lovely feline before she was claimed by somebody else.  Don't let the perfect soul slip away, even if for just a short while!
4	PetSmart is the only place we go to buy our cat food. It's usually on sale and even if it isn't, it's always under $40. (Science Diet can be pricey.) This was our first trip to this specific PetSmart but it felt like all the others with a similar layout and the same items. I love to stop and watch the lizards, birds, and tiny rodents. I could spend hours just watching them and wishing I could take them all home with me. As we went to check out, there was only one lane open and a rather large line. Luckily another cashier opened up and was able to help us check out. Overall, I'd go back if in the area.
1	Well not very good at all
5	Could be bigger but the size doesn't bother met at all! Super nice employees and they all know where everything is which is a plus. Like how they have a dog grooming area too. Big fish section and reptile section too which is fun to always look at. Could have more registers though. Store itself is kind of hidden unless you drive by Trader Joe's or In-N-Out a lot.
1	3-25-14 about 8:30pm.  If there was another pet smart closer I would never go back to this one.  Unfortunately this one at the Promenade at Scottsdale and Frank Lloyd Wright is the closest to me.I was buying dog food in a 15lb bag and the one I bought had a sale sign (the last bag I might add), 39.99/ 34.99. I took it to the cashier and she rang it up but it rang as the 39.99 price.  I told her that there was a reduced price and I was informed that it did not show up.  I went back found the sale price on the old tag and brought both to the cashier. She looked at it and stated that the price was good only til 3-1-14, but it was still on the product.  She was informed by another cashier that the mistake was theirs and that the item should still be honored so a manager was requested.  He came to the register, looked at the stickers and then insinuated that I was a thief by stating to the cashier that she should have gone to get the price because there are people that will hold on to sale stickers to get the price later on, of course not that I was one of them.  He was upset, never looked at me or the cashier.It was obvious that both cashiers had just been admonished in front of me and they were upset and that they also knew that I had been called a thief as well.  This young man's demeanor and attitude to the cashier to scold her in front of customers and a very thinly veiled accusation of calling me a thief was very poor.  That manager shouldn't be a manager or at the least needs training, if indeed he did get any at all. Piss poor customer relations.  I will definitely make it a point to tell all I can about this manager and this store
