5	If you are looking to move in the Cornelius, Huntersville, Mooresville area, or even out of state, I would recommend contacting Lloyd Benson for a quote.   I assisted my sister with the move out of her home, in which she chose Two (Tired) Men and a Truck.  We had nothing but nightmares working with them.   She found a new place to live within 2 weeks, so now we needed to move her items out of storage.   This time, I asked the storage facility manager who they recommend, and I was handed Lloyd Benson's card.    I hired 3 guys for LESS than the price of 2 guys.   This move from her storage unit to her new home took 5 hours total (the first move took over 9 hours, and they didn't even get all the items out of her house - and we had 2  additional Tired Men and their Truck come over from another job to assist)! Lloyd met me at the storage unit, and introduced me to his crew of Zack, Zack & Steven.  They were young and energized!   They worked well together, brought gallons of cold spring water to keep themselves hydrated, and kept the flow moving at a reasonable pace.  They set up the beds at the new home, and were courteous and efficient.  I tipped them since they saved us $$ and all of our items arrived safely.I needed an "Amen" after the first move, and I got it!   Call Lloyd Benson at 704-900-4821,   His crew is the best, and I am thrilled with their level of service!   Save yourself money and aggravation!   I wish I knew about LLoyd the first time my sister needed a mover!   I hope this review helps you......
5	Lloyd and his team did an excellent job moving us from Charlotte to Raleigh.They were SO fast and professional.  Lloyd came over before moving day to give us a quote.  I feel like he can be kind of frazzled but at the end of the day, he gets the job done.  Our move was smooth and stress free because of Amen movers.  I've recommended them to two friends (one who already moved and had an equally awesome experience, and one who is getting ready to move) and would continue to recommend them.
1	Owner Lloyd added much stress during an already stressful time.  Lloyd came out to our home weeks prior to our move.  We showed him everything to be moved including an outside shed.  He informed us it would take one large moving truck and a trailer.  He said 2 guys and 3 hours would get the job done.  The price quoted was below every other price we received and he said if anything the price would go down as his guys were fast.  Fast forward to moving day.  He sent his 2 men with one truck (no trailer)  early into the move the guys informed me that there was no way they were going to fit everything in the one truck and that it was an easy two truck job.  I asked them to call Lloyd to get us another truck at which time I was informed that it was a Sunday and near impossible to get one.  Lloyd then began phoning his guys multiple times taking them away from the job they were trying to get done.  Lloyd basically said he needed to see for himself that they actually needed another truck so he drove 45 minutes to our home, WITHOUT a truck.  One look at the packed truck and he said yes you need another.  He then came to talk to me and my husband.  Apologized that "he messed up" and forgot to send the trailer but he needed an extra $200 to get the truck!  We argued that it was his error, not ours but then realized we needed to get moved so we offered to split the difference.  Lloyd agreed and drove 45 minutes back to where he just came from, got a truck and drove 45 minutes to our home.  Now grant it, it is way over the 3 hour time frame given, our buyers were expected 8 hours from their start time.  We had to call our realtor, extend the time for our buyers to do their walk through because we were not out yet.  We literally walked out while our buyers were walking in.  The next day our movers showed up on time as promised and began to unload.  Again, it took many more hours than Lloyd said it would even though these two guys worked their tails off.  No breaks, no nothing.  Lloyd then had his guy put us on the phone and he tried to get even MORE money out of us due to the amount of time his guys worked!!BEWARE, Lloyd will underprice his quote to get the job and then will try every attempt to up the price.  He was completely unprofessional in the way he handled this situation.  When you move you expect some problems but this was ridiculous.  I will NEVER recommend Amen movers!  I do however have to say something about the two guys who moves us.  They were amazing.  Very strong, hard working, respectful young men.  They handled our property with care.  My husband and I urged them to go into business for themselves because they are so great and Lloyd will only drag them down with him.  Although we paid way more than quoted, we did tip our guys very well because it was not their fault we had such problems.  I would expect other people would not have been so generous and the two hard working guys would be the ones to walk away with nothing.  As long as Lloyd is running the show, move on to another moving company.
5	Lloyd is obviously a very hard working and honest guy. Fabulous job.
