5	Was visiting from out-of-town when my eye glasse frame broke, right at the bottom of the lens.  I thought I would have to buy a complete frame and lens replacement.Glen helped me find a frame that was close to my existing lenses and then actually re-ground the lenses to fit the new frame.I was stunned as I expected to get the sales pitch for new lenses and frames.  And he did it while I waited.This was customer service at its best and I am appreciative.  I needed glasses now, and could not wait for a few days to have them made. They could have taken me to the cleaners, but did not.Highly recommend this high integrity optical shop where the service is personal and the staff are really opticians, not someone off the street who got the 10 minute training as in Lens Crafters and some of the other "bargain" opticians.Very professional and an extensive selection of frames and lenses.Hard to rate the price range as they run the gambit from reasonable to super high prices.  But you have choices.
5	I HATE wearing glasses, so I typically wear my contacts as much as possible.  But now that I have a vision plan, I decided to finally a get a new pair of glasses for when I can't wear my contacts.  I was dreading this.  The store at my optician's was ridiculously expensive.  And while the people at Lenscrafter were nice, they were a little clueless about glasses and not that helpful.  They raised my hopes about a pair of lightweight, rimless glasses, only to tell me after I had decided on a pair that they couldn't accommodate my prescription (even though I showed them the script beforehand).  I was dejected, but remembered that there was another store in the mall.  Upon entering the fabulous Southpark Optical with its multitude of designer frames, I was approached by Brenda.  I was blown away by how knowledgable, friendly, and just freaking awesome she was!  She immediately knew that I could do rimless glasses and took me to the appropriate display case.  She rapidly pulled the frames and shapes that would go best with my face, basically nailing it on the first try.  Brenda explained how and why my frames would be amazing (super flexible, durable, etc), then customized them to my face in such detail.  She actually checked the bridge size, the fitting behind my ears, and where my pupils were in relation to the lenses to make sure they were appropriately lined up with the "sweet spot."  I have NEVER had such an incredibly thorough experience in getting my frames fitted.  Yes, it was a little pricier than what I might have spent at Lenscrafter.  But I am 100% confident in the frames I purchased and super-impressed by the folks at Southpark Optical.  My husband was so impressed, we're going back to get glasses for him even though he just bought a pair recently!Bottom line: do not fear glasses shopping.  Go see Brenda!  She'll size you up for a fabulous pair of frames in a flash and actually make the experience pleasant!
5	Went back to pick up the glasses and they are FABULOUS!!!  Sadly, Brenda wasn't there.  The guy who helped me out this time was not as scion-like with the glasses, but he was still helpful enough.  He suggested that I walk around the mall and make sure I was happy with my frames and encouraged me to come back at any point with any complaints.  Poor me, I HAD to window shop for a bit!  But he was right; I totally got used to my new lenses after 30min of window shopping (although I dragged along hubby for a little longer just because - shhh, don't tell him!!!).
2	I get that stores don't always like to adjust eyewear that isn't purchased there. There's the liability that they might not do it correctly or that they might break the frame. I just moved here from Southern California and I didn't want to wait another few weeks to go to the store I purchased these at to get them adjusted; so I figured, it doesn't hurt to ask. What's the worst that can happen? They say "no". No big deal. Apparently asking is a big deal here. Everyone I've met in NC has been polite, if not incredibly nice; but the man working here was so rude! I asked a simple question: "Would you be able to adjust my glasses?" This review would have been four stars, or not even existent if they had simply answered with something as normal and as cordial as "No, I'm afraid we can't." Instead, I left the store feeling like I had been punished for not buying glasses from the ridiculous monopoly of the Luxottica conglomerate. They also need to know what they're talking about before passing judgment. Warby Parker has showrooms and boutiques, they just happen to sell online too. If they were as poorly made as the man was saying, I doubt they'd have the following they have and the partnerships they have as well. This was purchased at a showroom in Los Angeles. I understand that stores don't want to take on the liability of adjusting glasses that aren't purchased there, but don't be rude. It's just not necessary.
1	Phyllis was very nasty on the phone. I was a potential customer until she was rude and seemed to be too bothered to do an item check. Not only will I not go there but I won't recommend that anyone does. If you are rude over the phone how can I trust you to be nice in person or for that matter trust you with my vision!
