5	The Main Depot is a wonderful spot to hit up before, during or after a nearby Kohl Center event. The atmosphere is warm and inviting. The staff is always available to offer up a wise ass remark. While the food menu is somewhat limited, the fare served is pleasing to both the belly and the pocketbook. Oh, and the beverages? Steady as she goes, sir! No short pours in these drinks! Stop in anytime for some genuine East Side hospitality. Yes. I know where it's located. The owners and much of the staff are all East Side, though.
4	This bar is tucked away on train tracks and not quite what is considered "downtown." But it is the definition of a hidden gem. Mostly a tiny sports bar, you can feel the history here, and you really drink it in...Food is available, and it's typical bar fare, but just link the drinks, the price is right. They have slot machines, as any classic Wisconsin bar should have. The Long Islands are good, but if the place wants a 5-star rating, they have to upgrade the televisions. Other than that, stop in for any Kohl center event and you won't be disappointed. I don't think it gouges you like any of the Regent bars on football Saturdays, either.
4	I have an affinity for dive bars. Actually, more like an obsession with them.I love the Caribou, a wonderful dive off of East Johnson. Echo Tap used to be great until they renovated, jacked up their prices, and became infested by Epic employees (to my friends who work at Epic--no offense. Really. I love you guys).Main Depot sits about a block and a half away from Echo Tap. It's small. It's divey. It's got darts and pool. Travis, the owner/bartender, is pretty awesome. When we order pitchers, we never have any idea what price we'll pay, but we know it'll be reasonable.Now, in traditional Yelp/foodie sense, there's one thing that truly sets Main Depot apart from other dives: their cheese curds. They're cheap ($4), fresh, and honestly? Absolutely delicious. In fact, I'd go so far as to put them up with some of Madison's best noms! Very crunch, delicious outside and an overly-gooey, cheddar inside. Oy, what a combination! The Old Fashioned and Graze have always been my curd metric, but with Main Depot, you are simply getting one hell of a bang for you buck. Oh, and the atmosphere after games? Totally awesome...and filled with townies! I love townies.Go there for the curds, stay for the fun. It's one gem of a dive.
2	Just moved to the neighborhood and decided to stop by for lunch on Saturday around 12:30pm. The door was locked, lights were off and chairs were still on the tables... not sure why they were not open during their regular business hours!
4	I love how people call this place a dive. If this is a dive ,then you my friend have never been to a dive. You want a dive, go to the Ohio Tavern or Willy St Pub.
4	Wife and I stopped by on a Saturday afternoon to check out the Depot.  Place is nice and the patrons and bartender are quite friendly.  My wife said her old fashioned was great and my beer was fine too.  Just stopped for one drink and really enjoyed the the place.  I recommend the Depot for a stop by anytime.
5	Just moved to the neighborhood and this place already feels like home. The bartenders and patrons are friendly and local. A bit divey but reasonably priced and a good atmosphere. The cheese curds are great! Will definitely be frequenting this establishment! :)
