2	After being stood up by my studio photographer for the LAST time (a very angry yelp review is brewing in my head as I type this) I was getting dehydrated and gouchy as I haven't had a bite to eat all day. We decided to go to La Olmeca for lunch. This place used to be one my auntie's favorites, so I chose to give it a go... We entered a booth filled resturant that seemed frozen in the 80s or worse - the early 90s. Wood paneled walls, grimy pastel booths and chipped wooden tables can be looked over when the food is good... but the food just wasn't.I had had the taco salad and was very disappointed. It was just meh. Taco Bell does a better jobat this lunch time favorite than these guys do. My mom got the cheese omlet special. She wasn't complaining, but I would be if I saw the brown underbelly of her overcooked omlet. Her potatos were straight from a bag. BUT the salsa was good. Overall... skip this place. Even if you're in the area... a couple blocks south and you'll be at Poncho's... trust me you'll be waaay better off! I don't think I'll ever go back.
3	This place should be called Taco's Yum.  At least that was my thought after having some of their yummy yummy tacos.  I've had just about every kind now and while I can't say for sure that I have a favorite the carnitas and the fish are totally on top of the list. Mmmm.  Folks I've gone with have done plate food and burritos and both really liked what they've gotten.   Me, I stick to the tacos.  Yummy every single time.  Fresh veggies and herbs.  What's should be cold is cold and what should be warm is warm.  Juicy meat, but not so much so that it soaks totally through the corn tortillas.  I could go on, but really, I think the pictures of the tacos speak for themselves.  And did I mention it's cheap?  Sooooo cheap that I almost felt bad using my 2 for 1 coupon the first time I went.  Of course, I did anyhow.  And let me tell you that a free taco tastes just as good.
4	I have eaten here a several times in the last couple weeks. Tried the shrimp el diablo and it was really good and so was the fillette empanizado.   They serve a small bowl of packaged type chips with salsa at the begining of the meal. The home made salsa they serve with the chips is really excellent, I asked and they let me buy some to go. This place has been here forever and continues to serve good food for a good price.
3	Don't be afraid of the complex, it looks a little shady from the outside, to be honest it is not that nice inside either. However more often than not the hole in the wall joints turn in to hidden gems. This isn't exactly a gem, but it is cheap and good (say Los Favritos or La Salsa kind of  good).The tacos are great and so are the tortas, the meat gets simmered for hours and the veggies are always cold and crisp. Ask for the extra hot salsa, it is smoky and spicy and wonderfully flavorful, I think it is chipotles en adobo but I can't confirm this. If you happen to find yourself on the southside and are in the mood for fast, cheap mexican this is the spot to hit.
3	It's been almost a year & a half since my last Update of La Olmeca here, so I stopped in this morning for breakfast to see how they're doing.Let's get the not-so-good out of the way first: *  The bathroom is awful!  It's painted up all crazy & stunk of Pine Sol.  Uck!*  I ordered Sausage & Eggs, over easy with sourdough toast, which the counter lady said they had.  My order showed up with white toast, & no butter or margarine!*  I had to ask for a water cup twice!*  I had to ask for pepper.  There wasn't any on any of the tables!Ok, so 1 Star & we're out of here, right?  Well, not so fast, because:THE GOOD:*  The eggs, homestyle potatoes & sausage were all good.*  The sausage was three big 3" patties!*  The $5.49 price was very reasonable.Net, net, net???  Still 3 Stars!     :-)
3	= = = = = =  BUFFET DISCONTINUED  = = = = = =I'm still enjoying eating here, but the cafeteria style Weekend Breakfast Buffet had been discontinued, at least for the time being.     :-(With that said, the food from the regular menu in this Mexican cafe is good, the portions generous, & it's inexpensive.  Yes, the place is dumpy, but they serve Breakfast, Lunch & Dinner, & I always enjoy whatever I order here.  They're nice people too, & they have beer.     :-)
4	Great family restaurant for REAL authentic Mexican food on the South side of Phoenix. Busy on a Saturday but the wait was worth it. Again another good place to bring our baby. The prices were cheap for quality. We got two entrees, an appetizer and two drinks for $20. I got a chicken taco and asada taco dinner combo. The asada taco was amazing! Beautifully seasoned and not over cooked. The refried beans were the second best thing I ate on my plate. OMG. Best beans ever! The chicken taco could have been a little more seasoned for my taste and the nachos we had for appetizer I will probably pass on next time. They reminded me of the nachos you can get at a baseball game. Overall, I'll definitely be back! Yum!
1	Ok ,,,, I haven't been to this restaurant in about three years I went back thinking it was going to be the same O same O(which I loved) it turned out to be a very big disappointment;( won't be back plus they were rude
