3	Pro's:Near major roads & FWY'sClose to WalMart (you can walk!)Pool & SpaBBQ'sGym (teeny tiny one)Inexpensive rooms and spacious studiosCon's:Slightly old/dingy feeling on the insideHorrible potholes in the parking lot (but I have come to find out that most if Wisconsin is like this)Young College crowd can be rowdy on evenings and weekendsNo ventilation in hallwaysNo trash-can by mailboxesNo recycling!? whaaa!?I don't live here, but I have stayed here with my sis enough to review. She has a nice 3rd floor studio that overlooks a green area beside the FWY. Somewhat good insulation makes the traffic almost inaudible, however the pipes (or something?) in the walls sound like knocking (or like people porking). Kitchen cabinets could use a facelift, as well as the laminate countertops. Most apartments in CA have granite or tile, so seeing laminate was kind of a throwback! Pool area is nice, sexy crowds during school! ;)
5	This was my best living experience EVER.  I think I lived here for four years.The place was not fancy, it was not the highest quality, but it was everything and more one would expect for the price.  Especially in comparison with all the other similar apartment complexes in the area, which all cost about $100/month more.  Any problem I had was solved immediately.  The staff was so friendly, I'd drop in for coffee on the way to the pool.  Oh man, the pool is awesome.  Its a little close to the road, yes, but its always cleans and its damn big.The lawn is big enough for a spontaneous game of kickball, say the mood arose.  Loved it loved it loved.  I moved in with my boyfriend and we went "luxury" at Yorktown estates.  BIG MISTAKE.  I missed Timberlake.  I don't care if the wood was laminate and balcony faced the Beltline.  I don't care at all!
1	NEVER rent from JSM Properties.  I lived at Timberlake Village for 2 years and they came to me after 2 years of living there and said i was paying the wrong amount in rent. I moved in on a rent special and my rent was prorated but when new management took over all of sudden no rent special.  They wouldn t show me my lease etc...new people took over at that time and they evicted me.  It was awful.  I was a great tenant, respectable neighbor, clean, quiet, payed my rent on time...they are scammers!!  I wouldn t live at Timberlake Village and or rent from  JSM Properties, I'd rather sleep in the street.  Beware and save your paperwork.  JSM doesn't care about the people they rent to only money and will lie and unfortunately being a big management property they get away with it.I leave this comment to help you and prevent other renters from the experience I had.
