1	They also do not pay their vendors.  We took an order from them at a tradeshow, shipped the order right away and 6 plus months later we are still waiting to get a return call on the past due amount let alone any money.  They never return phone calls and their staff on the phone are just plane rude.  I would not recommend buying or selling anything to them.  Our attorney's have take over this account.
3	I don't think I've ever seen a store with so much merchandise packed so closely together. Seriously, the places screams fire hazard. Its difficult to find anything anywhere, but employees are plentiful and helpful, so its not all bad. I found what I needed: fog pesticide bombs. Thankfully, they took care of the mosquitoes in my bathroom, so I'm left neutral on Artie's Ace Hardware.
5	Went to have a key made.Big sign on the door:"We Are a Dog Friendly StorePlease Don't Leave Your Pet in the Car!"
3	Here is what is bad and the reason I can't give them 5 stars even though on some visits, they would deserve 5 stars. The worst thing is that I have seen them yelling at customers and then talk about that customer in front of other customers when that customer left. For that they deserve one star. Secondly, the prices are usually about 20 % higher than I can get elsewhere. The good is that when I need something and I'm not in the mood to walk miles around Home Depot looking for it with no help in sight, I can get in and get out quick with what I need at ACE. Also, they are very dog friendly so I can bring my two Great Danes in with me so it's fun! They also have old fashioned things that are hard to find anywhere but online like canning supplies, and specialty cleaners like Feed N' Wax orange oil. So, they could improve some things but I'm glad they're there because they are close to my house.
5	Don't let the crammed full o' stuff atmosphere scare you off.  They have EVERYTHING and I mean everything here. And they will help you find it if you can't.The quality of their products overall is better than Home Depot.  Either my husband or I are there a minimum of once a week.  Sometime you have to cajole the counter help to be helpful, but that doesn't deter my 5-stars.   They really know their stuff and have gone out of their way to help us get just what we need to get the job done.  This is not a big "corporate" shop; it's a neighborhood hardware store franchise.
2	Do they have everything a hardare store should have?Yep.However.... try 'returning' anything there and you get major pushback from the staff.The guys working the floor are helpful.  The cashiers are rather rude.Only two stars because Home Depot is only 2 miles north and  I would rather make the short drive than put up with the attitude."Attitude" in a Hardware Store....  "go figure."
3	Cannot return purchases made from other aces. But everything else is ok.
5	We go to Arties all the time and have never had any issues and love it more now that they have a post office in the back, so we don't have to drive to the post office. It is a little cramped, but the staff has always been great in helping me find things. I also love the fact that I can take my dog. She loves to go in there but I won't take her during very busy times.
5	Going to Artie's is like being thrown back in time.  It reminds me of the Ace Hardware store from 40 years ago in my home town.  A bit disorganized, but there is always a friendly face there to ask if you need assistance and I love that!  The new US postal office they added to the back of the store makes my life so much easier.  Thanks Artie!
3	The staff has always been helpful.
5	I go past several cheaperHardware stores to go to Arties. 2 reasons  CUSTOMER SERVICE and they get you in and out your not wondering for days trying to find something and parking a block away! Instantly your greeted and escorted to the area and get what you need. Always friendly and like I said the customer service is worth the trip! Bonus if you want to wander they have everything you never new you needed and more:)
3	I like shopping at Ace Hardware because I del like it's a "small town hardware store".  I have a hard time walking into this store because the store is too small for all of their merchandise.  Isle are small, shelves are stacked as high as they can, and it's not easy to move around.  The staff is helpful, but most of the time they make you feel as if you're an idiot for asking a question.  I stick to Home Depot and Lowe's.  Easy to navigate without fearing for your life.
1	Awful customer service from everybody there (including the post office people). Very rude, inconsiderate, and unhelpful.The prices are not good.It is a pain to return anything here.We live just a few blocks away, so it is unfortunate that we can no longer go to this store. However, after numerous visits (we kept trying to give them more 'second' chances), we have come to the conclusion that it is just better to go to Home Depot a couple miles away.Our advice is to go to Home Depot just two miles up the road at Tatum and Bell. The prices are better, the customer service is friendly, and the return policy is great!
1	Customer service is terrible  doubt I will ever go back
2	They have a good selection but their store is not laid out very well.  If you don't understand the layout of this store, you can get completely lost.    Also, their customer service is hit or miss.   Went up to the customer service counter and stood right in front of a girl and she completely avoided me.  Would not look up or acknowledge me in any way.  I left and decided to try to do my return at the regular register and that worked fine.  When we were checking out, there was a long line for the single teller that was open.  A second teller opened up and, rather than saying "next in line, come to my register", they took the last person in the line.  HELLO???!?!?  Definitely no customer service at this Ace Hardware location.
4	First, I would like to say I love shopping here. I can spend hours looking at all their merchandise. Granted some of the merchandise is pricey. But I have found good deals here as well.They have fantastic holiday items. I bought a costume for 8 bucks...can't beat that.Now for the reason I put 4 stars instead of 5. The post office is ridiculous! They are beyond slow and unhelpful. I went to mail a couple packages while I was having a key made. I was told they do not have tape to close the package or address labels. They do not provide any packing materials. Umm..it's a post office right? BUT, you can purchase a roll of tape. Insane! So, I took my packages and walk down to the UPS store where they happily taped my packages and had address labels!
3	Well this is an interesting little store. The first thing I thought about when I first walked into the place was how this was a serious fire hazard. I mean everything is so tight and items are extremely close together. I mean the aisles.....the people.....check out counters.....merchandise.....everything is just right on top of you. If your claustrophobic this may not be a good place for you to visit. I came here to buy a couple of items during black Friday and I was royally screwed on the mail in rebate program. Don't EVER TRUST mail in rebates they are a total scam and huge waste of time....i really should have know better. I was happy with my merchandise and the customer service was okay....but I won't be back unless I absolutely can't find what I need somewhere else. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
5	Whatever it was, I have found it at Artie's. Everyone I've met there knew what they were talking about: tools, plumbing, paint, screen doors, hardware, etc. They are 10 times better than any Home Depot in which I've been. Artie's is small enough to get around, but large enough to have everything....and I mean everything. That includes clothes, and lots of cool weird little things that you just got to have. I go out of my way to shop there.
5	Always handy - has the things the big box stores don't carry.Christine just helped me when my deadbolt dropped a pin and trapped my key - 10 minutes and she fixed it - no charge!  What?  Plus, they carry Craftsman tools now, so I don't have to go to Sears.Winning!
4	I like having this store near, it's much more convenient than going to one of the bigger stores like Home Depot, it's definitely easier to park and get right in and out of this place.  Also, they have EVERYTHING from items you would need in the kitchen to traditional hardware items and lawn and pool care.  Helpful staff for sure.
5	I wear those rimless, wire glasses and somehow broke the wire nose pieces off .  I have trifocals and so they didn't sit right for hands-free use of the bottom two lenses.    I dropped into Arties on my way to work and talked to a woman stocking the isles.  She smiled, took a close look at my glasses.  Then walked to the hose section:  cut a piece of clear plastic hose, slit it along the side and pushed it onto the nose-bridge wire.  It works very well, I don't look to odd and it will last until my new glasses arrive!! Thanks artie and staff for your hero magic, you saved the day!
5	Great service by Brian and Deanna and they have everything!!Not your normal hardware store - from jewelry to washers and everything in between. And lots of impulse buy opportunities too!I will be back many times.
2	I always want to like this place but I just can't. I'm fine with paying a bit more for great customer service, but the prices are significantly higher and often the customer service is no-where to be found. It is hard to navigate this store and my experience is that finding someone to help you is often as difficult as finding what you are looking for, if not more so. Another problem is with what the store calls "seasonal items." In other words, be prepared for the possibility that whatever you buy will not be returnable, even if it is unopened and unused. I have found that Ace does have a different / larger selection than Home Depot or Lowe's on certain specialty items (for example, signs and doggie doors). But I still begin with Home Depot or Lowe's first and visit Ace only as a last resort.
5	What a Great Store and Employees they ALWAYS WANT AND DO HELP ME and then, beside being great at their job, helping me find what I need and want every time, they LOVE my Dog BAXTER they all say "Hello" to him and pet him and he Loves them All.Thanks from us.Larry C and BaxterMerry ChristmasGreat Crew "Artie"
5	Just bought THE investment Xmas tree here, very patient salesman who actually listened to both my husband and my points of view (I wanted artificial, hubby didn't) and now we're both happy.  Giant selection of lights, ornaments & everything for the hooikdays.  The owners wife use to be the window designer for Macy so the sample trees are gorgeous.
1	I will never shop at Artie's Ace ever again. First, I ask one of their employees for help and his response is "no English". He literally did not speak one word of English. Second, I went to return Christmas lights and after debating amongst themselves whether they accepted returns they tell me it will be a 25% restocking fee. Nowhere on their receipt does it say that. I dispute this unclear policy which they did not like being questioned. Next, the cashier tells me the lights need to be in the box.  Okay I will box them. But wait she says the lights must be tested. Great test them. Nope need to be boxed. Needless to say at this point I am extremely frustrated and getting mad. Finally, their "manager" comes out and he says he has heard enough of me talking to his "girls". What is he their pimp? Btw, he looks like a pimp with his fake tan in the middle of December and bleached hair. We go back and forth which at this point he starts yelling for his employees to call the police because he is kicking me out. His store is by "invitation" only and I am not welcome there. Fine I start walking out and we keep talking outside where he tells I cannot return the lights because I did not put them in the box and that he is not my "maid". He makes more threats about calling the police and taking my license plate number down. Awesome! I ask him for his name. He refuses and asks for my name. I tell him it. I ask again for his name and refuses again. I ask if he is the owner. Nope. Are you the manager? Yes. Awesome! I leave with the lights and will never shop here again. Horrible customer service!
2	Disappointed. I tried to return a $2  outlet cover (wrong color match to existing )..and was told by the cashier I would need to pay a 25% restocking fee ( Yes..I did have to open the package in order to install..which is when I discovered it was the wrong color match ) I was purchasing another household product also...so my $2 'return' (plus some ) was going right back into thier register. Not the best approach for customer loyalty / PR..
5	I will tell you what I know about Artie's Ace Hardware, Artie himself, his family, and the men and women that work at the store, which have become like family to me.  **And if anyone in these reviews should know about all of them, it is me-** because I have been personally shopping at this man's store, since 1992, and professionally shopping there on a near daily basis since 2005, spending $100,000 at the store from about 2008-2013 alone, and I have the receipts to prove it. (I own a full service repair company).  To this day, I see Artie personally on the floor of his store every day, well dressed, smiling, and "in the trenches" with his men and women.  He talks to customers, handles concerns, and is always trying to improve the store.  He asks customers what they want, and he has personally asked me as a repair company owner/operator what I think about the store-he listens, and takes action-I often see him redo areas of the store to offer people more.  Just in the last year, he has added a Post Office, a U-Haul rental, he has redone the entire electrical section, and MORE!!  I have never asked this man for anything, and he has made me feel like family.  He recognized how often I was in his store over the years, asked who I was, took a personal interest in me, thanked me, and showed his appreciation for my business.  He also personally supports his employees by hiring and using (on a regular basis) one of their children who runs an electrical company to perform work at his store.  There is to much to list, and not enough room here for me to express my gratitude for what this man and his employees have done for myself, the men and women I've employed, and my family.  His family works there as well, and they're always moving and working hard.The men on the floor that work at Artie's I've come to know,  care about, and respect personally over the years.  They are like family to me.  I hold their opinions in high regard and still seek advice from them, even after repairing things in multiple fields both personally and professionally over the last 18 years.  When I walk into this store, I usually see 3 of them up front that greet me with smiles, use my name, and they know exactly where things are- this continues as I walk through the store.  That is not easy to do when you work in a customer service capacity for long periods of time.  I am honored to know and call each one of these men my friends, and nothing is more important to me than my reputation, so hopefully that means something.  The girls up front that run the register and front end are SUPERHEROES.  If you have never operated a cash register (I did this for years when I was younger at both grocery stores, gas stations, and in other stores) then you have NO IDEA what it takes to greet each person with a smile like they do every time, over and over again- one person can be yelling at you and making you lose your faith in humanity one minute, and right after that you need to genuinely smile and make someone feel welcome- over and over again, day in and day out.  The next time you see one of these girls, you should give them a tip like a waitress-and thank them- because in my opinion it's a lot harder to do what they do, and they get no tips, and are given to little respect.In summary, every one of the people I know at this store are absolutely amazing, and I don't have enough room, time, or vocabulary to say enough nice things.  I hope you give them a shot, and if you've had a bad experience, maybe it's time to let go of that, be forgiving,  go back in and give Artie's another shot.
1	I just want to let you guys know that you lost out on a $1500 - $2000 window re-screening job for 20 screens and 2 sliders because no one called me after I left my contact info with the woman at the service desk on Saturday, 3/29.  I try to support the local small businesses in my area but this (lack of) response was very disappointing.
3	Went to get my car key copied and the man at the back who helped me was very nice and speedy. He told me to try it on my door so I paid and tried it in the parking lot and it was a little sticky. I went back inside to make sure it was ok he gladly took it back  polished it, and put some lubricant on it. You have to go through the specified exit in this store, so I walked back around to find the woman that helped me purchase the key was not at the register and in a conversation with a man in the front (who worked there). So I walked to her and said "I already paid for this SO " and Kept Walking she said "OK" and of course just as I was about to go out the door the man whom she had been talking to before in a sarcastic tone said "suuuuure". I had somewhere to be at the time and jumping down his throat for his unfunny joke probably still would not be worth my time. Usually I don't take mind to stupid people but when you accuse someone of being a thief at least do it to their face and if I were older as well I probably wouldn't have cared but being 20 years old I've been consistently harassed for things of the like. Even asked to empty my purse WITHOUT CAUSE, and followed through stores. So out of this long story the joke is on you Artie's I'm not coming back. I just feel bad for the guy in the back who fixed my key WITH great customer service.
1	Very poor and non friendly service  Price are outrageous. I don't understand why people shop here unless the enjoy paying high prices and enjoy non friendly employees. But, I guess there is a store for everyone.
5	Great selection of anything and everything you'll need to do any type of project highly recommend this location they seem to have more stuff than others
3	Overpriced compared to Home Depot and there is just WAY too much clutter. Do not shop here if you are claustrophobic.
1	I hate going into this store. It is very disorganized, cluttered, and impossible to get assistance. When you do get assistance they are usually very short and rude in their responses. They seem to be trying to sell everything but hardware (ie. jewelry, clothing, and lighters).  The only reason I stop here is because of how conveniently located it is to my house.
5	Ace had everything I need. Beats Home Depot hands down. Friendly, nice and helpful. The guys in the paint department are very knowledgeable.
4	This ACE Hardware has it all. If you want a blender, some dishes, candles, a Christmas Tree, you name it...they've got it. I've been in a few times over the duration of my North Phoenix living and I gotta say, Ace is definitely the place!
1	Wasted my time going there at 658pm Friday night when their website said they closed at 8pm.
5	You gotta love this place!..It's like hunting for treasure!...AND if you are lucky enough to run into Artie at the store..He's one of Life's Great Characters...When he's there I give it 6 STARS
4	This is a great store full of helpful people. These days a lot of us tend to gravitate toward the big box stores, but Artie's is very competitively priced and the employees are very knowledgeable.
