2	let me qualify this as I think the food is a 5, the people there are pleasant, but the time to get you food is about a negative -50. I have NEVER consistently waited as long at a fast food place as this Taco Bell location; on a good day about 5 min's to get to the register and then 10 min's after that if ur lucky to get ur food.Which is a shame because as I said, food is GREAT there and the folks are nicer than you'd expect in a Taco Hell (pardon the pun) and the area of town it in. But you friggin' wait FOREVER for food...today i got in line at 1:16 and got my food at 1:45, in a to-go bag i asked them for because after a 1/2 hr wait I'd burned thru my ability to sit down and eat lunch. I've called their corp. office several times over past 6 mo's w/no change I can see in service. I am not going there again any time soon and unless you got 90 mins for lunch and a book to read, you shouldn't either
4	Speedy and accurate drive thru. Tight space but you can still get your taco on!
1	The most low-rent taco bell i ever been to
2	Friendly staff, decent food. However it takes forever for them to make your food and the restaurant itself looks a bit trashy.
3	It's Taco Bell.  They have tacos.  And burritos.  *shrug*This Bell has a super small parking lot and a turning radius into the drive-thru that you need to pay attention to, lest you swipe a vehicle or fence with your bumper.  I only go through the drive-thru as parking might mean you are there for a while, since the drive-thru line goes directly through the only row of parking.  Once you are in the lot, there is nowhere to turn around, so you had best have a game plan already in place.Standard Taco Bell fare, I am a big fan of the $5 special boxes so I have a variety of items and I can eat what I want and throw the rest away.  It comes with 3 various menu items (usually a regular taco, some sort of burrito and some sort of specialty item like the Dorito taco or a chalupa).  The caramel apple empanadas are quite good (apple pie filling in a fried shell) and the cinnamon twists make for a light sweet treat.My order is generally correct when going through the drive thru, the health score is consistently in the high 90's and the staff is always pleasant.  It's A-OK for drive-thru fast food for a quick lunch on a busy workday.
2	Dirty location. I ordered a sweet tea for them to tell me they are out after I paid for my order. And refused to refund me. I don't drink soda.
4	The people here in the morning are great. Very friendly and helpful.  The building is really old and the parking lot is very small. Those were my only complaints.  The food was made correctly and hot.  The manager in the morning is very nice. They were actually getting a safety audit during my visit and scored a 98.5.  So the food was safe as well.
