1	this is the worst business in phoenix.  they call my house three times a day every weekday and refuse to take me off their list.  i've called and complained numerous times yet it will not stop.  the manager bryson is a jerk.  do not use them for any reason.
1	They call our office EVERYDAY. We have asked numerous time to be taken off their list. We have explained to them several times that we are in a office complex and have responsibility for our A/C and do not need them. They do not listen.
1	Terrible. They came out and tried to scam us on parts that worked already. Don't let touch your ac!!
1	This company calls non-stop soliciting business. I have NEVER done business with them or had any contact with them other than their calls to me. I have told them a dozen times to stop calling me and remove me from their call list. I am also on the national DO NOT CALL Registry. They completely ignore that request and call back a day later, or a week later. This has gone on for years. I cannot get them to stop calling!!!!! I have filed a complaint with the FTC. I urge others to do the same so that this company will be prosecuted for their unlawful and harassing solicitation practices. www.donotcall.gov
1	Add me to the list of people who have the unfortunate luck of being called by this company on a daily basis. Repeated requests to be removed from their list have been completely ignored. I just filed a complaint with the National Do Not Call Registry, so hopefully that helps. I won't hold my breath, though.
1	These idiots have been calling my house almost every day for at least a year. I'm sure one time long ago I did pick up the phone, but now I don't pick up, just let it ring. So obnoxious, and yes we're on the DNC list. Guess finally today I've had enough, thank god for *60. If you're getting annoyed, here's what to do. Get on your landline and dial *60, you can listen to the instructions or search for "selective call rejection" online to find instructions. Basically you just push # and the number and then # again to add it to your list. I did this for all five of their numbers in my caller ID. The numbers are: 480-379-1002480-306-5987480-379-1000480-656-4594480-272-7597Enjoy the silence :)
1	I just got off the phone with this company asking to be removed from their telemarketing list... wow the guy did not even ask me why ??  I had plenty to say about him, that is for sure.  I do have call blocking as a feature on my phone, which I intend to block every single call I get from them  Also make sure your referring to Abode Air  NOT Adobe Air.  I talked with Adobe in error, well in error because that was the number the directory assistance gave me, and they are very upset that folks are posting about them, and they are not affliated with Abode Air.
1	I'd give them a -1 if I could. I have a brand new phone number. I have never done business with these people. Yet here they are, calling me the 2nd week I have the phone. I'm on the DNC registry but just got listed so these losers have 30 days to pester me before it's a prosecutable offense. I've already told them to take me off their list. As with others, they didn't even ask why or defend their initial cold call. I guess these people don't understand how business works in 2011 but they're actively driving away potential customers with their tactics.
1	I would be shocked if anyone was stupid enough to do business with these people. Constant phone calls...and what the hell is with the name? I thought maybe they were too stupid to spell Adobe correctly. My humble abode will never do business with these vultures. Call block them immediately, as Rachel T recommended. Obviously complaints to the BBB are meaningless because there is no possible way that people seek Abode Air out, otherwise they wouldn't be drunk dialing you in to the night.
1	No comment
1	I finally had to track down their owners via their corporation commission filings, then I found their principals on Facebook and sent them nasty-grams.  When you stalk them, they do actually remove you from their lists....but it was not easy.
1	yah, they've been calling me constantly.  i finally picked up a few minutes ago.   some guy that sounded like he was straight from the ghetto wanted to send someone out to check my a/c.  i said it gets checked once per year.  he said aps recommends checks every 6mo!!!!  hahaha!!!  what a crock of !@#$ !!!!  finally after telling king of the ghetto "no no no no no no" he hung up on me!  hahhaah!!!  i hope im at least finally off their list!!!  stay away from these scumbags!
1	Finally the state is filing a lawsuit about their solicitation practices!  http://www.azcentral.com/community/tempe/articles/2011/07/13/20110713tempe-ac-lawsuit-abrk.html
1	Calls from Abode Air finally stopped.  I filed multiple complaints on the the FTC Do-Not-Call site, and filed a complaint with the Attorney General.  Also filed a BBB complaint which was just closed because Abode Air ignored it.  They have 300+ BBB complaints and an F rating.  They finally stopped calling, maybe the Attorney General has gotten their attention.  Or maybe they decided I was a poor prospect when I started laughing at the telemarketer every time.
1	Whats the difference between Abode Air and Bernard Madoff ?NONE, they are both scammers.
1	Ididn't have the foresight to check reviews before signing on with this company but regret doing so. We bought the 10 yr contract because they convinced us it would save us money in the long run.  Ha!  Fine, shame on me; however, that doesn't explain or excuse the HORRIBLE Customer service attitude.  Whoever answers the phones cut me off mid-sentence to transfer me to someone else, who was abrupt and cranky.  Also, I am still waiting for permanent filters that have been "backordered" for quite some time.  And yes, I've already paid for them.DO NOT GIVE THIS COMPANY YOUR BUSINESS!
1	These jerks call over and over again.  To get them to stop I cut the sales person off mid - sentence and told her I live in an apartment.  The calls stopped shortly after that.  What a bunch of buttheads.
1	Registrar of Contractors suspended their license in Sept 2011, and the Attorney General's lawsuit resulted in a restraining order and fine - that combination put them out of business.  Good riddance.
