4	Pretty nice little hole in the wall Mexican joint. Conveniently situated next to Home Depot its out of the way and real easy to miss. But if you come to HD for a ladder or paint or whatever, and happen to be hungry then this little place is for you.Do not expect anything fancy or special but i do not think you will be disappointed. Give it s shot, it will not cost you much either."I like"
4	Was at my fav nail shop getting a pedicure in the morning and was starving, saw this taco shop a few door down and thought why not give it a try! Ordered me a egg and potato burrito, it was good and hit the spot!! Thanks Taquito Rosita!
2	I read the other views, maybe I caught them on an off day... but this was my first experience.My food was extremely tasteless, beans were runny, rice had no flavor at all. I had to souse everything in the salsa and sour cream provided to make it have any flavor. It's pretty hard to mess up rolled tacos, but all they also lacked flavor, meat was so dry some was not chewable. If you like the local quick Mexican food places stick with Filiberto's or Espinosas.
3	This place is your average 3 star mexican place.  Yes the beans were soupy and salty, yum!  i loved them!  I got just a bean and cheese burrito.  Nothing like ritos take out mexican market but still good.
1	Wow. This was bad. I am all for local mom and pop places but when a place is bad no matter what you have to say it is bad. Not finish my food bad. My co workers didn't finish theirs either.The place looks sketchy on the outside and even after you walk in. Now some times really good food comes from sketchy places but I'm sorry to say not this time. Now my co workers are not that adventurous so when meat options included head and tongue they were a little put off. I did try a sample of the tongue and it was ok but I got the Super Nachos with carne asada. The chips were tough and so was the meat. Just unappetizing overall. We got it to go or I would have asked for my money back. I don't do that so it must have been bad.I'm sorry this place is not good and I will not return. The young girl behind the counter was very nice but very young looked around 14. Must be her summer job at her family's restaurant.Now I going to go get something else to eat because I am still hungry.
1	Bad...Can't belive they serve food COLD when it's hot dish. Would not recommend to anyone.
1	I hate to be a Negative Nancy, but I just want to persuade people to run from this place. For one, food is way overpriced (my street taco platter and soda was over $10!), second, the food was sub par and relatively flavorless, and third, the environment of the restaurant was appalling (it seemed like people were living in the back). Other things to note: the salsa was watered down and flavorless, there are no napkins except the two they give you, and the food took forever to come out.
4	I love it!!!Clean and great service.Food delicious and very fast serviceI ordered cal do de res it was delicious!!
1	Just got my lunch. 3 cheese enchiladas with maybe one teaspoon of cheese total. Served luke warm with very little sauce. A huge disappointment. Had to ask for ice in my beverage and the attendant / cashier acted insulted that I wanted ice. She then proceeded to take my cup and dunk it in the ice machine to scoop some ice. This place is a disaster. Run when you see the "open" sign.
4	Today I went to eat lunch and I liked the food but what I liked most was the service I received. The chimichanga was delicious.
