1	if i could give this place less than one star i would.this place was horrible. i had a habenjero burger - i think they mixed the pepper with garlic. it wasn't spicy at all. the fries are also coated in garlic and ... i ate a good lot of them because they were bareable, but they were pretty damn gross. the house beers are lame.it was WAY over priced for food that didn't deserve to be on a Chili's menu.just please. go somewhere else.also, my girlfriend had a martini and there was a pit in the olive... that was a bit startling.. so, if you DO go, be prepared for that.
2	I went to Gordon Biersch for a birthday party at the beginning of the month.  I had fun, but it had little to do with the establishment.  We had a special "deal" of $17 because we were such a big party.  There were soft drinks included in the price, but alcohol was more.  I have no issue with this, but the food was not very good.  I had a pasta dish and it was fine, but I am not dying to eat it again.  Then, we get our bills.  The price was not $17, there was additional tax and tip added on (which again is fine, but deceptive when we were told it would be $17 per person).  Then, my pregnant friend had a cranberry juice and sparkling water.  This apparently was not on the included menu and she was charged a $2 alcohol fee for her non-alcoholic beverage.  It just seemed a bit fishy to me.  Had it been an excellent meal, I wouldn't care about a few bucks, but it was just ok.
2	Looks like  solid twos are the thing here.   Was seated quickly,  order taken quickly and  first round of drinks all appeared. Going quite well. The garlic fries  came out shortly after and  that's when it started to go from  4 stars  downwards.  Cajun Pasta : Nothing original or subtle,    I should known better.   Monotonous taste with all the right shapes present but it's a hit of their sauce and that's all you get for the rest of the meal.  NY Steak Sandwich Massive,  but dry. The sauce was minimal and  the lack of drinks stopped Erin from getting through more than a third of it.  Also had those wonderful garlic fries but they either need to revisit the sauce  and  perhaps trim the gristle off  come to think of it this was a lame $14  sandwich.  Coffee :  Tepid,  like it's being heated by a lamp.  Only had to suffer two of these. Service: Started out great but  the drinks stayed dry for most of the meal. This was not on game night, rush hour  so it looked like the usual mis match of staff to customers that seems to be Phoenix area speciality in casual dining.     Mediocre   to the point that I can't even  make fun of the place   it's just not worth it.  For non beer drinkers I can't see this being a place to seek out when  their close, but tastier analog that actually has hard cider, Yard House, is within a mile away.
2	Went here with husband for some drinks at happy hour. We asked about the specials and were told about the specials on beers and martinis. I am not sure what the happy hour prices were but lets just say that the martinis were $5, according to our waitress. I asked what kind of martinis they had and decided on the lemon something or other. My husband ordered the house brew that was recommended by the server.When the drinks came mine was very yummy. The husband took a nice big drink and thought it was yummy too ( not his words, though). After he put the glass down after taking a drink I noticed that there was some things floating in the glass. We were not sure what it was...it looked like just a bunch of debris floating around. He almost lost it. We showed the server and she was very sorry and returned with a new one. I ordered 2 martinis and he finished his beer and did not feel like having another so we asked for the bill. When I looked on the bill I noticed that the drinks were not the prices that she had stated when we came in and aasked about the specials. The beers was $2 more than she quoted...and my martinis were not $5...they were $9.50. Just at that moment the manger came by and asked how we were doing, I asked about the bill and was told that the happy hour price was for a smaller glass than what my husband had and that only the house martinis were $5 and mine were not house martinis. When the husband ordered the beer he asked what is the happy hour special...what do you recommend...and that is what she brought. Same thing about the martinis. I felt schwindled. He adjusted it. Thanks .We did not order any food, but the menu was very pricey. That better be some good eats!!!
2	The menu looks really good but the food doesn't deliver the only thing I liked about this place was the garlic fries but fries are really hard to mess up.
3	I decided to stop in before going to see Sarah Brightman at Jobing Dot Com Arena. I was off to a late start but wanted to enjoy a good meal before the show to make a night of it. I enjoyed the ambiance of the place right off. The usual dark wood and dark booths but I liked the decor. It just looked 'comfortable' to me for lack of a better word. The place was busy....most of it seemed pre-concert rush. I was told my server would be right there and then in a minute or so the manager came over to get a drink order. My server was at an adjacent table and seemed to be dealing with a 'problem' table. From what I could hear it seemed to be one of those "I want this....BUT with this and not with that...and with this on the side...." type of tables. So he was busy. They had a special menu that was featuring a pork tenderloin with a maple glaze that sounded really good. I did ask the server if it was a quick dish to come out and was told they were all ready out of it for the evening. Which was fine....hey, you snooze, you lose. So I ordered the goat cheese ravioli. It came out pretty quick and I was actually quite impressed with the dish. It was served with some sauteed spinach and had a handful of pine nuts tossed in. Pasta, goat cheese, spinach, pine nuts....right up my alley. Don't think they could go wrong with that for me if they tried. On the special menu they were offering a pumpkin cheesecake which sounded awfully good to me. I checked the time and I was doing pretty good so I was debating if I should get a slice. Well, all of a sudden my server dropped off my check. "Whenever you're ready". Okay....no dessert I guess. He picked up my empty plate and was gone. I wasn't quite sure if he knew I was headed to the show like the rest of the patrons or he just wanted me gone and out of there. I did ask him about the quickness of the pork tenderloin so I'm not sure if he just assumed I was in a hurry and was trying to help me out or what. As a whole I really hate getting my check without being offered anything else or while I'm still eating...but I'll give the server the benefit of the doubt with this one. On the way out I did ask when they closed because I was thinking of coming back for the pumpkin cheesecake after the show but they closed at 10 so that wouldn't work. So, next time I'm in the area I'd like to check it out again when I have some more time. Some of the menu items sounded pretty good and like I said earlier I did enjoy the atmosphere so I would like to relax and enjoy a meal there at a not so hectic time. A solid three stars.....and hopefully will bump it up with a review update when I get to visit a second time.
4	Great beer, clean & modern brewpub atmosphere, and the food is above average as well.If you're not into craft beer then you may not appreciate this place.  Beers are served in traditional 0.5litre glasses.  Seasonal brews offered 4-6 times per year.  Maibock is excellent.  Hefe-Weizen is excellent.  Don't skip the garlic fries.
4	Stopped in for dinner before the Coyotes/Stars game. It wasn't as busy as last time I was there.....so the place was more relaxed and seemed calmer. My friend and I split a couple of dishes and we both enjoyed the food. Service was prompt and friendly.....Michael(as in female server) did a great job.And try the apple bread pudding for dessert......way yummy. Will definitely stop out the next time I'm in the area for dinner again.
4	Lots of Beer.  Great Pretzels. Great mustards.  The PRETZELS were off the hook.Warm soft fresh Perfect with a cold beer.  Get the sampler just for the Pretzels.I forgot you can smoke at a restaurant.  I don't smoke but I apprciated that my buddy left the table for a while.  On a business trip and I was tired of seeing him.Sorry Jason
4	We came here after a (very) long day trip to the Grand Canyon... didn't walk in until close to 10 PM. The bar was fairly dead due to the U2 concert being held down the block, which was A-OK for me. Obviously with a name like Gordon Biersch, German-style beers are the mainstay, including Hefes, Schwarzbiers, and others.For beer, I started off with the Golden Export (which went surprisingly well with my very large pulled pork sandwich) and later had a Schwarzbier. Both were pretty darn good.The food was made pretty quickly, though I don't know how much of that had to do with the U2 concert and/or the time of night. Our server was friendly and even asked if my dad wanted only half a slice of double-fudge cake since it was so big. The pork sandwich was very flavorful and the coleslaw lining the lower bun contrasted perfectly with the tangier barbecue sauce. I wasn't sold on the chips, though. They were hot, but they were bland, even with the bit of seasoning they came with.I'd go back, sure, but I think I prefer Four Peaks more. I'm willing to give GB the benefit of the doubt on the chips, as maybe it was an off-night or just with being so late or whatever. But even though I like the styles of beer they have, I like the wider variety the Peaks locations have.
5	Was in the area for the Coyotes-LA Kings game and all the other restaurants in the arena/stadium area were crowded and had long waits 1 1/2 hours before game...but Biersch had room at the bar...this was during happy hour for food.,..ordered a personal pizza for $5 and garlic fries for another $5....they were good....and it was great that I could eat without secondhand smoke seeping through....bar was inside on one side and outside on another...nice fireplace outside... bartender Rachel was real sweet and great....after game wanted to wait for traffic to clear so Biersch it was again...Rachel wasn't there and got Suzi as a server....Suzi was also a sweetheart and a doll and was always smiling...and was frisky in a friendly way....something that you rarely see now a days...you want to spend more and tip a lot when ladies are like that...ended up staying till midnight and I offered Suzi a $20 tip on a $26 bill...she wouldn't take it and wanted me to tip 20 percent instead...she gave me a hug and it was nice...I told her I'd be back the next day after the Cardinals game....returned just after half time...and Suzi was there and happy to see me...every time Suzi came by she gave a hug or pat or rub on the back...if I lived in PHX we would probably be friends...stayed until about 8 when it got to be time to go home....this time she accepted a $20 tip on a $27 bill after a little prodding...Suzi asked when I would be back...I said probably not until next year...she said she'd probably move to Seattle before then to go to school....that would be a big loss for Biersch because Suzi is one of the best servers I've ever had...I could have gone to many other places that didn't charge as much for food and drinks but didn't want to take a chance on less than pleasant staff and came back to a sure thing...to Biersch because of Rachel and Suzi.
4	Stopped here before the Bon Jovi concert.  And no, I was not one of the 40-something gals that looked like my dress was manufactured in a scissor factory hobbling around in 6-inch stilettos hoping to attract the attention of the god of 80's rockers.  But I highly recommend attending such a concert, if for nothing else, the people watching.  And not just for the women.  I thoroughly enjoyed the guy in front of me and his air drumming skills.Anywho, back to Biersch's.  It was packed, but we did find a seat on the patio.  I liked that the bar was open to both the restaurant and the patio, so that you could sit at the bar but still be outside.  I was concerned about being late, but my husband, who is apparently way cooler than me, schooled me in that it's perfectly acceptable to arrive late.  Uh, when it's over $300 for 2 tickets, I want to see EVERYTHING.  In spite of the crowds, our server Michael, was on top of it, as was the bar.  Drinks came really quickly.  The kitchen was a little slower, as was expected, but still reasonable.We ordered the Brewer's Feast ($17) which included Kobe sliders, garlic fries, southwest egg rolls, and hummus.  The sliders and fries were 4.5-star good IMO, egg rolls 4 stars, and hummus 2.5 stars since the crostini was not very good.  We also ordered one each of the mini dessert tasters...strawberry cheesecake, chocolate cake, brownie mousse, and apple bread pudding.  None were outstanding.  I think the mousse was my favorite.Not sure a full meal would garner my 4-star rating, but for drinks and appetizers, I'm a fan.  And we were on time!  BTW, when did a t-shirt become 50 bucks?  I'm pretty sure they were not that much in 1986!
2	We stopped by here on Sunday late afternoon after a movie at the AMC.  I've driven by here many times and was always curious.  I love a good brewery.  Usually the food is good in breweries as well...but not here.  I should have paid closer attention to the 3 star rating on Yelp!  Yikes...It was cool and raining outside so we both ordered the Lobster Bisque...it was really nasty.  It was very slimy and mucusy tasting.  We were served bread, it's a kind of flat bread that is usually served with herbs and oil, but this bread was cold and served with cold hard butter.  It wasn't very tasty.My companion ordered a chicken sandwich with the garlic fries...I ordered the daily special for a hamburger and garlic fries.Both sandwiches were mediocre at best. Honestly it's a tastier hamburger at Sonic.  I didn't taste the fries because by this time I was just disgusted at the whole meal.On the plus side, our server was very good as was the beer. Unfortunately for our server she made the mistake of asking if everything was good.  Now I wouldn't have ever said anything if she hadn't asked, I would have just left and never went back. But she asked and I told her how it just wasn't very good.  She did everything she could to make amends, offering us free dessert etc.  We weren't there to take advantage or to try and get a discounted meal, it truly wasn't good and I truly won't go back.
3	It's very hard for me to enjoy a house brewed schwarzbier that, to me, tastes more like Bud Light with a hint of acrid smoke flavor than what I consider to be true schwarzbier. That was the one and only thing I truly didn't enjoy about the items I consumed during my visit to the 'Biersch.The shrimp and lobster tacos were the closest to seafood heaven I've come to this far inland and in a chain joint. Fresh lobster and shrimp tossed around in some amazing cream sauce and then put between a hard shell, it was REALLY REALLY good. The rice and beans my meal came with were pretty bland, but I don't care. My fanaticism about my tacos probably comes from the price to quality ratio; you see, I'd have paid much more for these tacos in a nicer restaurant and they still probably wouldn't have been as good. The garlic fries we shared as an appetizer were good, but some of them were overcooked and others were soggy.Our server was trying a little to hard, to the point that he was becoming more of an annoyance then a real help. We'll forgive him, he still did a decent job.
4	4 Stars for the staff.  Who knew we were headed into the middle of the craziest night Glendale has seen - both a Paul McCartney concert and a WWF event at the same time.  If we had only known - dinner would have been planned for somewhere else far away!We opted for the happy hour in the bar as a couple of seats were open and were immediately greeted by a bartender who was sweet and energetic.  We were not rushed even though they were packed.  We split a chicken cashew salad which was ok, kobe sliders which were good and homemade potato chips with blue cheese, scallions and bacon which were well...finger licking good!  Great prices for the food and beverages.   Great staff.
5	Thought the reviews here were low for this place! I thought was GREAT!Happy hour prices were good the beers were great!!!  THE FOOD WAS VERY GOOD!!! LIKED THE AMBIENCE OUTSIDE SEATING WITH A BIG FIRE!!! HAD A GOOD TIME!!!
5	I was in town with a couple of buddies for the Dodger's spring Training. This was the only restaurant we recognized back from Cali so we stopped by. 1.house brewed  Hef2.Hummus and Goat Cheese Salad3.Pulled pork.Enough said :)Before we drove back to Cali we had to stop again for take out ..and I ordered the pulled pork sandwich. yum.
2	Never before have I ever encountered a restaurant themed after mediocrity until dining here tonight at the Gordon Biersch restaurant. Our server, let's call him Manny, was so lifeless and chillingly disillusioned, I feared for his general well-being. The way he shuffled about on this Saturday night left much to be desired from his service skills. But enough about Manny. To the food.The food was blandness itself. The only way to reassure myself that I was even eating food was through the mechanical motions of my mouth churning up and down and the swallow reflex. Otherwise, I'm not sure I had any experience with what could be called a meal at all. The sandwich I had was dry, like the Arizona desert surrounding this quaint little community. Its only redeeming quality was the avocado and ranch in my sandwich. However, when the taste of a sandwich stems not from the meat but from the sauces, it is a failure in my book. Condiments should be complimentary, not all-encompassing. Praise must be given to the garlic fries, however, I was pleasantly surprised to find a whole clove of garlic had found its way into my pile of garlic fries, which I promptly scarfed down. That clove of garlic was easily the best bite of the night.Yes, I would return to this restaurant. It was not at all a negative experience. Just a shame that the server was a zombie and the food I had ordered was a little bland. I'm sure a couple of beers with some comrades would certainly enliven the experience for a 2nd visit. As for first impressions, the restaurant has made its mark on me, and thus, I mark it back with merely 2 stars.
3	Up until last night the only Gordon Biersch I every tried was the concessions at Chase Field. It was there where I fell in love with their garlic fries. After leaving a Cardinals game, my friend and I decided to stop in for a snack and a beer or 3. As we drive up we see the sign...Happy Hour Daily (including Weekends) until 6:30. SWEET!! We took our seats at the patio bar and were quickly greeted and served. The happy hour menu had some great, very nicely priced options. And of course I just want the garlic fries. The patio was great and casual and the inside was warm and contemporary but still casual. As the sun set the fire pit got going and provided some nice ambiance. It was also on this night that I performed my good deed for the day....from out of no where came a sharp, shrill SCREAM!!!! Everyone turns in the direction of the commotion. I look over to see a man and a lady in a panicked state, jumping around....What was it? What's wrong? The whole restaurant is looking. They could barely speak, mostly pointing I see it....a very large grasshopper, about 3-4in long sitting on the edge of the lady's chair. Quickly and without hesitation, I offered my services calmly but quickly going up to the chair and capturing the grasshopper and then walking over to release it over the patio wall. The man he was embarrassed but I received a gracious "Thank You!" from the lady. And plenty of "Good Job!" from my fellow patio patrons.
1	OVERPRICED LOUSY bar food.  WTF to this place.  we all ordered the tacos, we could have done better at taco bell,  $15 for two weird overly fishy tacos with a pile of crunchy undercooked plain white rice with a blob of black beans on top. $10 for a plate of rubbery strange tasting wings and the best yet was paying $5 for a SMALL  plate of limp cold garlic fries. it came to $100 including tip for three of us and we were there during happy hour and only had one drink a piece. NEVER EVER again this place sucks, pardon my french lol.
2	The restaurant is pretty comfortable.  The chairs and booths are really comfortable and a great spot for large groups.The service can use a real improvement.  6 of us met there for dinner not knowing that there was a Coyotes game going on.  The bar was really busy but the dining area was, at best, half full.  Our food took forever and my glass of water was empty most of the meal.  I had ordered wine and asked for it to come with my meal but he gave it to me with the waters along w/ everyone else.  the food was alright.  pretty basic.  the meal could have been at Chili's, Applebees or any other assorted chain.I would like to check their happy hour out one day, I sense it's a good deal.
4	After a long day if travel, I dragged myself in hoping for just a decent meal. I started with the House Salad with Jalapeno Ranch. Wow, kick and flavor! This "basic" salad had candied pecans, bacon and cheeses. Emboldened, I ordered the crab cake entree. Two decent sized crab cakes had so much lump meat that crab claws were poking out from all sides. I substituted asparagus for the garlic broccoli and got a nice amount of thin savory stalks. Jasmine rice was very mediocre but everything else was so great, I let it slide. By the way, I'm not a huge beer drinker and the fresh lemonade was sweet and light!Service was great, too. My waiter was upbeat and attentive. I'll be back!
4	Great food, great beer and awesome service.
5	Stellar service, tasty drinks, and awesome happy hour! Spend way too much time here.
5	I have been using Gordon Biersh weekly for a team event for almost a year, and every time I have had incredible staff, great food, and every convenience.  The manager's treat you professionally and have really done a great job for us.  I highly recommend this location!
4	Great service, great food and nice atmosphere.  I liked that they had a lighter menu with fewer calories - definitely a bonus!
4	My 16 year old chose here to eat for his Birthday dinner and it is his choice EVERY time he is given on. :-) The employees never treat the children as if they are not wanted. VERY much a family place as well as being a place that my hubby and I can go and have a night out alone. The food is great and ALWAYS well flavored. I haven't had a bad meal yet. The beer makes my man happy as well! We recommend and continue to take family and friends when they come into town. The service staff is always welcoming and very knowledgeable.
2	Was it just me?  I tried two different beers here and they both were bitter.  The one that was supposed to taste like Blue Moon didn't.  This place seems to have a few locations, so someone is drinking this beer; but, as a beer lover, it won't be me unless they prove to me that they have one beer that is not so bitter.  I'm not into the beer bite thang at all.Yes, I realize some people just loooove their garlic fries, but, for me, the smell was so overwhelming it was making me sick..and they weren't even my fries but my friends.  I tried pushing them so far from my nose as possible...just sickening to me.  Now to the food:  I ordered the pork sliders as an appetizer.  The pork was ok but the buns were kinda hard like they had sat out for an hour with no cover.  Huh?  That never happens at a restaurant and my friend (another good cook) had the same.The service was fine, the location is great, the waiters were friendly...but I just don't like their beer or food all that much.  Unfortunately, Gordon, I have to give you a "meh" and 2 stars.  I do so much want to love you but sometimes it just doesn't happen....sigh.Reminds me of different guys who looked great on paper but I just could...not...get...into........yeah, been there, done that.
5	Gordon Biersch, I love you so much. I'm sorry I ever strayed from your happy hour.
4	Okay, first off, I'm one of those people that come here strictly for food and not beer.  Don't judge me.I've frequent this certain location off-and-on ever since Westgate opened.  The location is ideal --- far away from the bars, stores, and movie theater yet close enough for a short walk.  Parking here is always plentiful.  From all the times I've been here, I would say they're the busiest during dinner.  If you're lucky enough to be here at certain times, take advantage of their Happy Hour and reverse Happy Hour.  Food is generally cheaper and you get plenty of food.  I recommend the Slider Combo~My favorite things served here:  Garlic fries, lobster bisque, and the ribeye with gorgonzola butter.  Yum!
3	I am a HUGE fan of micro breweries. Gordon Biersch is cool... a little "chain-like", but the ambiance is great.  I felt like I was under dressed.I had the seafood cobb, which was awesome. They use REAL crab here... thank god.Hubs had a large burger... he loved it and loved the garlic fries. I had the Hefeweizen and hubs had a couple Schwarzbiers. Not bad at all.
5	Love going here for dinner. Great brews and perfect atmosphere. The Kobe burger is a few dollars more but is well worth it. The workers here are very nice and the food usually comes out pretty quick.
2	The service at this location is truly sub-par. I went here before the Radiohead concert, which was sold out, and the restaurant was very busy. I hate to be overly critical of the service at restaurants when they're slammed, but I felt the delays here were beyond what is expected. We were told the wait time would be 35 minutes, but it was really 45. This is one of my biggest pet peeves--I feel a restaurant should never underestimate wait times, so that customers can make an informed decision about whether to wait or not.  One of the diners in my party is a vegetarian, and ordered a veggie burger. Thirty minutes after we placed our order, the server came back and told her the restaurant was out of veggie patties.  I can see no reason why the restaurant would not have discovered this for thirty minutes, other than that the restaurant did not start to prepare our order for thirty minutes. It then took about another thirty minutes for our food to come. I think it's unexcusable for a restaurant to take sixty minutes to serve food to customers once they're seated, no matter how busy.However, the beer here is always delicious, and the food is fine.
5	Amazing staff, delicious food, mad good beer!
5	This place is always friendly and my big group of friends and I always have a good meal. I've yet to have a sub par experience. I love the grilled chicken breast with veggies, moist and flavorful. Desserts are always good and some come in half portions which is helpful. The outdoor area is great to sit by, especially when it's cold and the fireplace is roaring.
4	I've read some of the mixed reviews and I suppose that one could have a bad experience just about anywhere. Our experience was excellent. Saturday afternoon, fish and chips, plus a beer. The food was very good, came to us very fast, and the only reason I didn't give 5 stars, its fish and chips! While very good, it would have to something out of this world to rank 5 stars, okay? Now, I've read some reviews that remarked about poor service, well, that was probably because you didn't get Tiffany as your server. Man, talk about outstanding service, even my wife (lousy tipper) said "make sure you give her a good tip." Tiffany was pleasant, helpful, knowledgeable, attentive and smiled consistently, even when just walking by - thanks Tiffany.Wish we had more good experiences like this one:-)dana
5	Great Service and Happy Hour Specials. Love to sit at the bar and the staff is very good.
4	Great happy hour!! awesome food!!
4	In a nutshell, come here if you want to dine or if you only want drinks during happy hour... NOT for the happy hour food.Let me start off by saying that the ambiance is great: excellent lighting, decor, place settings, etc.  The bar area is like a classy sports bar and the noise-level is at a point where you can still have an intelligent conversation.  The food in the dining area is good and the service is solid.  The GB home brews are also pretty smooth and only run around $3.50 for a 22oz glass during happy hour.The happy hour food is another story.  The Mediterranean Flat-bread and the Asian Fusion Combination are not only small, but they are also mildly gross.  The service is also very favorable to the regulars.After you go to the Yardhouse for their happy hour, it's hard not to compare the two due to their physical proximity and since they have a semi-similar look.  However, the Yardhouse has better food, bigger sizes, and better happy hour deals.  But, GB is a decent stop if you need a break from the Yardhouse.
4	My husband read that this was a brewery so we had to try it. Arriving we were told it was happy hour but we could only have happy hour in the bar section. I was a little leery of sitting at the  for fear of noise but I was surprised that we could hold a conversation. We tried the beer sampler (which I recommend anyone who has never been here) and there is not a beer I wouldn't order.  My husband had the cashew chicken and I had the chicken/shrimp combo, the flavors had us debating who got the better meal. More importantly I feel that they did not skimp in meat like so many restaurants doIf there was one slight negative, I would have to say the bar was definitely backed up which didn't make sense since there we not many costumers in the restaurant. However weighing that against the positives of the night we will surely be back for more!
4	Good food, decent prices. I've never had a bad meal, but I've never been amazed. The beer, however, is awesome. I love the czech pilsner!
3	Great service, good food. Ask for Kryshel. Nice person with great service and smile. Good beers on tap
4	Yes ,it is a chain. Yes, it is one of the better chains. Yes ,the food is good. Yes, the ambience is good. Yes, it is clean. Wife and I went for lunch today. Everything was good / better then run of the mill. Fresh, appealing, two tiers above the run of the mill chain. Upper middle / lower upper class clientele. Comfortable place. 60 bucks for lunch for 2...so as I said upper middle / lower upper place. Enjoy.
1	Came here for a second time on 11/02 for my birthday. There were 4 people in our group. I had the kobe cheeseburger which was a little bland and the fries seemed as if they had spent a few  rounds in the deep fryer. If I had known they didn't have the capability to blend my margarita I wouldn't have bothered. My boyfriend had the steak frites which looked like it has been regurgitated by a baby bird onto some fries. Towards the end of the meal the waiter was getting a little short tempered and we had to ask another waiter to bring us the dessert menu. Took 15 minutes just to get two desserts. Will probably not be going back. This is more of place to have some beer and watch a game. We called the manager and were told that he would be giving us a gift card for $140. I also did the online survey and received an e-mail from the district manager, I told him that the restaurant manager was taking care of the problem. 3 weeks later and I receive a gift card for $50, umm ok that didn't even cover what we spent on two out of four people. Food and management could use a renovation. If you are looking for a really good meal go to The Yard House right across from the theater.
4	Great Hefeweizen. Love the Garlic fries too. Nice large place. Great for haning out with friends after work or a movie.
1	My husband had the steak sandwich and said it was good.  I tasted his garlic fries and they did,t have much flavor,but most of all were not real hot and not crispy,Just a kind of hardness.  Nothing to look at or tempt me to eat more.I had the Kobe burger and will never have another. It looked hard and dark and was not juicy at all.  Maybe a burger  really should have some fat or they don't know what they aredoing .  I never use ketchup, but had to drown this burger in it for some flavor.  Yuk!I so wish I would have sent it back, but our server was so nice.  This place is over priced and could take a lesson from Cheesecake Factory where everything is consistently GOOD.     Thank God we had a birthday coupon and got a break on the bill.  Free chocolate cake that was not moist except for the frosting.  Will never go back.    We don't care about the beer.
4	We are regulars here.  Nice place overall.
5	It is a chain restaurant with decent beer and decent food.  What gives this place five stars is excellent service.  Keep up the good job putting the customer first!  The managers at this restaurant could show folks in other industries how to treat people.
3	Chain resturant....not bad, dependable food.  Love the beer and some of the signature cocktails are decadent. Can get a little loud but the ambience has a good vibve.  Service was on par - anything is better than service in Flagstaff.
5	This place is great. I go here with my fiance all the time. They have one of the best happy hours around... 9-close every day (even weekends) with $5 cocktails and cheap appetizers. The food is really exquisite.
4	Fell in love with this chain while in Atlanta. This location didn't let me down! Great atmosphere and service was good. Love those steak frites.
3	Today was our 2nd visit, and if it had been our first, we probably would not go back.  We really like the atmosphere and the ambiance.  The service was very good both times. The first visit was a nice surprise, and we were very pleased with our meals.  Today, not so much.  The New York strip steak was hardly pink at all and was dry.  A restaurant of that caliber should not have to rely on customers to send back their over cooked food.  The Stir-fry with shrimp was way over drenched with Teriaki sauce and the small shrimps were tough.  The house salad was very good and the mashed potatoes and chopped vegetables were good.  The crab artichoke dip with garlic toast was very tasty.  So it was not a total loss.  We had the $10 gift card given out on our 1st visit, but the waiter did not take it off because, "we had to tell him it had $10 on it".  So watch that if you go for a second visit.  Will we go back?...well, there is still the $10 credit...maybe.
4	Good beer & food but servers were in the weeds. They were busy so I understood.
5	I am giving five stars because the service was beyond expectations. I ordered the woodford bourbon salmon, and that was a BIG mistake for me....the sauce really made it inedible for me because I don't like BBQ sauce. Our very nice waiter insisted to have it changed to a new one with no sauce. Other than the sauce, everything else was very good. Highly recommended plates are baja sauteed fish tacos, cajun pasta, garlic fries, and burgers (any) so far. Will definitely come back to try something else.
5	Love this place, and they have one of my favorite all time beers, Marzen.  I usually go to this place prior to the Coyotes games, and of course, so do a lot of other people.  But the great thing is, even though the place is going to be packed, they still have happy hour (and HH prices) right before the game. For less money than going inside Jobing to eat, I get great beer, great food, with great service in a nice sit down restaurant.  And yes, even thought the place is packed with hockey fans, you still get great service.The wings, calamari, garlic, tacos, and almost all HH food is great.  Even though it is a chain, it is still one of my all time favorites brewery restaurants.
3	This was my first visit to Gordon Biersh.  Upon arrival I thought the atmosphere was pleasant.  I was promptly greeted at the door and offered my choice of seating (Bar, cocktail lounge, dining area, or patio)  I chose to sit in the cocktail lounge and wait for my guest to arrive.  I was also quickly presented with a menu selection of dinner selections, craft brews, and wine.  That is the last time I will use the word quick in this review.  It took about 10 minutes for the server to come by and take my drink order.  She did bring a water when she took the drink order which I thought was nice but now realize that it is because it took forever for her to come back with my beer.  From the time I walked in the door to the time she brought my first beer was approx 20 minutes.  I would have understood if the Bar was hoping and they were busy, but there just wasn't anything going on that would justify the 20 minute wait.  After my guest arrived I warned her to order her drinks 10 minutes ahead of time and we were okay the rest of the evening.  The food was on par with the rest of the reviews.  I had the garlic fries, which were interesting and tasty.  She ordered asparagus and mushrooms and complained that they were a bit on the buttery side.  I was pleased with the atmosphere and the accommodations they even have a fireplace outside.  Unfortunately there is really only room enough for a small group around the fire and it was occupied.I thought the place was pretty clean and kept up until I paid a visit to the restroom.  I can only guess as to how a public restroom in a nice establishment could be so trashed.  One of the Urinals was out of service with a trash bag over it followed by lot of littered paper towels on it.  there was toilet paper and paper towels all over the floor and sink counter.  It looked like a battle had taken place and I was looking at the fallout of TP war II. Overall, I guess it is what you might expect from a chain attempting to pass as a unique establishment.  It really falls to the staff and management to fix the negatives that I point out.  The Beer and atmosphere were nice.  I would go again but it may not be my first choice.
5	Great atmosphere, great food, great service, great music, great beer! Love the patio! We shared the  rib eye steak, and the brownie Sunday and had the Maibock beer. It was all great!
2	I asked my conference shuttle driver about this place and he said not to go there for steak.  I received a 10% off coupon from my hotel, and my hotel was close enough, so I went.  BTW, the receptionist was GREAT! I ordered New York strip (12 oz, med) and a mixed drink.  The steak came out in less than 5 minutes...and before my drink (the server had given me a water).  This was concerning!Well, the drink was good (old fashioned).  The steak was med rare and scrawny (flat, thin and extra skinny).Perhaps the other food is good, but other than conference people (easy to tell because it was on deafness...so signs were flying!) there were only 3 other tables at dinner time.  Another issue was that my server was constantly behind.  I waited about 10 minutes for my check while she talked with a guy staff member by the empty bar.  She was young so I still tipped her OK anyway (not great, but we've all been young and flirty).  All in all I should have went to a place called Flemings where my driver suggested for steak.Improvements: only serve food you do well, don't charge as much as a steak house (for steak) if you can't compete, keep a manager on the floor, and if a conference is in town the staff should know about it and maybe even learn something about that culture if it is so different.  I'm not deaf or hh but I could see that the staff serving those tables had culture shock!
1	Well, for a Saturday afternoon I was curious why there were few customers. Now I know.The food was a complete disappointment. I started with a stuffed chicken breast accompanied by a quinoa rice pilaf and vegetables. The chicken prep was unexpected. Pre-cut into 4 separate pieces and the sun dried tomatoes mixed in with the cheese was overpowering. Reminded me of a pre-cooked chicken dish you can buy at Costco's freezer section. Their sides did not complement the chicken at all and the pilaf was completely cold. Turns out that's intentional. Sent this back and went onto Round 2 with the fish and chips selection. This was a complete miss as well. The cod was as tasteless as tofu. I suppose they use a Panko breading to attempt to jazz it up but it was a major fail. The coleslaw was the only thing I enjoyed. Waste of time and money.
3	Went here for Reverse happy Hour and had mostly positive results. Late night HH starts at 9pm and this place closes at 11:30pm. We ordered a $5 BBQ chicken pizza and garlic fries. The fries had to be returned because there was hardly any garlic on them. Previous visits around the country usually had too much garlic, so this was strange. The second version was better, but the garlic needed to be cooked, not thrown in raw. Pizza was decent, but undercooked.      The outdoor patio was the best part as we had the fake Fireplace area to ourselves after 10pm. Kelsey was also very nice as our waitress. The new beer that they featured also was tasty - something with an M in the name. Join the passport club and get $10 credit for next visit.     My date was Jolly from YELP - my first yelp pickup. Another woman who took a free meal and disappeared.
4	We actually wanted to go to the Yard House but decided to try Gorden Biersch instead and we definitely had a good time there. We were there around lunch time and the restaurant wasn't that busy yet. We started off with their beer sampler for $6. It was a lot of fun to try all of those different beers. The hefeweizen was definitely my favorite.We then ordered the fish tacos with a side of seasonal vegetables and a chicken sandwich with a side of their garlic fries. The portions were big and we were actually full after sharing the fish tacos and drinking all that beer. The tacos were very good and came in a crunchy taco that was hugged by a soft taco. Inside was the grilled fish, salsa, and a remolade sauce. The garlic fries were very good, as well. All in all we had a very good experience. Service seemed a little slow, considering my husband ordered another beer and we watched it sitting at the bar for about 10 minutes. Other than that, I'm sure we will be back..
4	My husband and I decided to go out to dinner, and we'd been talking about heading over to Westgate.  We both were in a burger mood, so our decision was made for us.  We've both enjoyed the burgers here in the past, and I was jonesing for some garlic!! (As a side note, neither one of us are really drinkers, so we don't go for the beer.)  It's been a while since we've dined here, so we figured it was about time to go back.Being a Monday night, it wasn't too crowded, mostly patrons in the bar area watching the basketball game.  The dining room was practically empty.  We were seated immediately, and given the menus to peruse.  It had been a while since we've dined here, and the menus had changed a bit.Hubby went with the BBQ bacon cheeseburger and I decided on the Kobe cheeseburger.  We both wanted the garlic fries.It took a little while for our burgers/fries, but it was worth the wait.  The burgers were cooked perfectly.  I'm not a person who likes a big fancy burger, with lots of things on it.  Just give me the bare minimum, with a bun that complements the burger, not overpowers it.  This was that kind of burger.  I added a little ketchup and mustard, then put a tomato slice on it...perfection!Onto the garlic fries...they are so scrumptious!  The fries were crispy on the outside, yet fluffy on the inside.  The garlic was distributed all over them, not just thrown on top, so there was lots of it.  For dessert, we decided to share the apple bread pudding with ice cream and a whiskey sauce.  OMG!!  It is served warm, with a scoop of vanilla ice cream on top slowly melting.  We drizzled the sauce over the dessert and dug in.  Let's put it this way, there wasn't anything left on the plate when we were done.  The food was so good!!  My only "slight" complaint is that it's a bit dark in the restaurant.  The booth we were sitting in had no overhead lighting.  So, when I first opened the menu, I could barely read it.  My husband really had a problem, because there was a light behind him, so he had a shadow over his menu.  Obviously, we managed, but it would've been nice to have a little overhead lighting, so we didn't have to strain to read.
3	The beer is good and the food is ok. The hamburger are ok, they have bigger portions than other places. If you like beer try this place.
2	Disappointed... Food was great but service and management were not up to par. I had the worst experience that no customer should ever go through. I am shocked and lost for words. 1st check-in and  experience. Won't ever return....
4	We went in during happy hour. The beer was great and we both loved the Hefeweizen with the hint of banana. We tried some of the happy hour foods including the pork & Kobe sliders with garlic fries and the calamari. I absolutely loved the pork sliders. The flavor of the pork with the coleslaw was great. My husband and son really like the beef. The garlic fries were awesome. None of us liked the calamari. The batter was greasy and lacked flavor. I definitely would not order it again. Aside from that everything else was really good and the beer will bring us back for sure.
2	Great ambiance... Great service... However, the food fell a little short... While the salmon was an excellent dish, the NY Strip fell short... The steak was dry and overcooked, and the shrimp were fishy and undercooked... For the price point, it was a bit disappointing...
5	Excellent drinks, service and staff! I prefer the Manhattan Tea though I am a professional beer connoisseur. I asked about the buying the liter GB beer mugs. I was told they can be bought but the liter mugs stay in the restaurant. In Vegas, we were allowed to take the mugs home and bring them back to the restaurant for refills. :-/We will be back for more tasty libations this weekend! Cheers! Prost! Tipsida! Salud! Kampai! Salute! L'Chaim!
4	The highly touted garlic fries were a let down. The meal otherwise was just a normal chain standard meal. It was good but for me not good enough to go back.
2	Meh.  Chain brewery/pub/restaurant that always seems to produce reliable mediocrity.  I end up here when others want to go, but never by choice.  This time I figured I'd try the fish and chips, since you can't screw up something so simple (or so I thought).Well, it was the blandest fish ever, plus overcooked until it was hard and chewy.  The fries were wet, soggy, and limp.  Barely edible overall, and certainly not anything like you'd expect from a place that promotes itself as an upscale pub.Don't bother; any random neighborhood bar is a better gamble than this known mediocrity.
4	Tried a few items and a flight of all of their craft brews.  Service was great as well as the food.  The manager came over and chatted us up and offered up a sample of their Octoberfest, which was really good as well.  I will definitely come back.Try the baby brats
4	Great place to go for happy hour before a game at Jobing.com.  Nice selection of beers and appetizers, all reasonably priced.  Attentive service.  I'll be back again for sure.
5	This is the traditional place my friend likes to go before hockey games next door at Jobing.com Arena and I see why. They have really good Happy Hour specials, which we took advantage of since we got to Westgate early. Beats getting stuck in Rush Hour traffic and also having to pay the outrageous prices to park for the hockey game! I had the Blue Cheese Chips, which were kettle chips doused with melted cheese, blue cheese dressing, bacon bits, and green onion pieces, and they were so good! To drink I had a Diet Coke, which they gave me free refills of. My friend got an order of Sliders and some Garlic fries, which Gordon Biersch is known famously for...and the fries were delicious and not overly caked with garlic like they are at Chase Field. Until last night, Chase Field and Salt River Fields were the only places i'd ever had GB's Garlic Fries...so add #3 to this list. Small, easy to eat items and I got full on the Chips and Garlic Fries. My friend was still hungry since his Sliders only came with 2 and then we split the fries, so he ordered the 8-inch Veggie Pizza. GB's version of the Personal Pan Pizza. it was cut into 6 slices and looked really good! He also had a Fat Tire beer to drink. We were there for about an hour and a half, since we had time to spare before the gates opened for the game. We left around 5:30 and walked over to Jobing, walking by the shops and restaurants. Last night was a great night to be out and about. Westgate was hopping and not just because of the hockey game either. The movie theater was jam packed, as were a few restaurants and some stores. Some people I noticed were doing holiday shopping as well. I enjoyed the whole experience of Gordon Biersch. The bar staff was awesome and very cool. Our meals were pretty good, and the whole atmosphere was full of Colorado Avalanche and Phoenix Coyotes fans. I recommend giving Gordon Biersch a try if you haven't already.
3	Ok nothing to rave about chain food restaurant. Don't get the crab artichoke dip but the lobster tacos were pretty good. Burgers weren't anything is return for.
4	Gordon Biersch is a great place to go before a Phoenix Coyotes game. They have a good happy hour menu that is even on for game days (unlike Saddle Ranch). The staff is friendly and they are very attentive. They have a good micro-brews made in house. My only complaint would be how small the happy hour menu is and that it's only available in the bar area. Otherwise, a solid.
5	I had dinner at GB this past Wednesday with a corporate work group of 25-30 people and had a wonderful evening! I was hesitant they would be able to accommodate our group because I was given short notice but was able to make a reservation the evening before. Knowing very well what to expect from GB, I dealt with a young lady named Becca who made my whole experience so great that I had to hop online to write up a review! Becca was incredibly helpful by answering all my questions and assured me the server would be notified and able to give us all separate checks (ugh so annoying I know, but corporate insisted on it for individual expense reports). The evening was a breeze and because of her willingness to deal with us, all 25 of us are expecting to return when we all meet back up in town. While I'd assume this location is generally busy with its' location to the stadiums, it's nice to know this customer service still exists and we all walked away talking about our great experience well into the next day during training! Thank you!
4	My bf and I like to go here for happy hours after 9pm. Appetizers range from $5 to $7. I love their bbq chicken/vege pizza and their garlic fries!! I believe beer are only $3. The place is quiet after 9pm at the bar so it always a nice place for us to relax and chit chat.
2	Dinner was fine for the most part. We asked to have a chicken breast put back onto the grill because we wanted it well done. And then we got to watch the Line Cook make faces at the server when asked to put it back on the grill for a minute. He didn't realize we were right in front of him. Unfortunate for both of us.
3	I decided to give this place another shot this evening after the awful experience I had 9 months ago I thought I would give this place another opportunity. I was immediately greeted by the hostess as soon as I came in this evening as I headed to the bar. The venue was not crowded with a steady flow of customers that could easily be managed. The two minute bar rule was a total wash this round because I was finally approached by the bartender five minutes later. He was extremely friendly and quick to make me a drink. I ordered the house Rootbeer which was not anything special to sip on but I accepted the drink anyways. I started with an appetizer that came out quickly and tasted well but my main entree was wrong. Since I am not a fan of sending food back I decided to slide my plate over to a friend who met up with me to munch on. Instead of placing a completely different order I decided not to eat at all. I realize I am just not a fan of this place. My last experience was the worst Resturant experience I have ever encountered I guess I can't let it go.   I gave this establishment one more star for being clean and really trying hard to get things right. Some friendly suggestions to make this work in the future. The manager walked the venue but never checked in or said hello to the guest. That was odd. As slow as it was I feel the manager should have checked on the tables. Two if the food is wrong and you clearly noticed the order is messed up FIX IT.
3	I give it 2.5 stars, but yelp is rounding me up. WEAK  beer selection (both BJs and Yard House are infinitely better) and mediocre food (again, BJs and Yard House are better).
2	Horrible food!!! Everything tasted like all they did was sprinkle salt all over it. Ordered the flat bread tapas and it was covered in salt! You could see all the salt crystals all over the pita bread and even on the lettuce they give you. Then I had the lobster and shrimp Mac and cheese and it tasted even saltier! I will say though that they do give you a ton of lobster though. My boyfriend got the some chicken and mashed potatoes that was had way less salt so that was edible other than the chicken was over cooked. Worst meal I've ever had.
5	Awesome service every time we have been here.  The beers are awesome and the food is phenomenal!  Love coming here after a rough day!
5	This is my favorite place! Beer is good! Food is good! And happy hour is good! I haven't had anything yet that I have not liked. You have to try it for yourself.
1	Horrible service. Came here with my 13 yr old daughter. Took 30 minutes to get a bowl of garlic fries, almost an hour to get our food. Waitress was more interested in socializing with the tables of loud, obnoxious drunks, than serving a dad and his daughter. Even had to wait to pay my bill. Finally got up and paid my bill at the front desk. Food quality has gone way down since I started coming here a few years ago.
3	My first visit was so-so. Our server took forever to come to our table and the service in general wasn't so great. The food was decent, but I expected a little better. We had the steak for our main course and weren't too impressed with it. I will say though that I really enjoyed the Blue Crab Artichoke Dip that we had as an appetizer. Our dessert on the other hand was not good at all and we had to send it back. Stay away from the Strawberry Cheesecake. The place itself seems like a fun place to go for dinner and I enjoyed the atmosphere. I think I would try it again, but I am hoping to find some better service and better food all around on my next visit.
1	It was my daughter's graduation and we had a large party of 12, with out-of-state family all dressed up for the occasion. I told everyone to go to Gordon Biersch, that they would enjoy it. We arrived at 2:45, the restaurant was practically empty and we were told we could not be seated because they had a large group reservation. We asked what time was the other reservation for? We were told 5pm..over 2 + 1/4 hours later! We asked to speak to the manager and the manager said he would seat us but we had to be out by 5pm. We were seated and we asked the hostess if we could get an extra chair as we forgot the graduate when counting the # in the party.  She pressed her lips together, rolled her eyes, and puffed away. She was the rudest person I ever encountered in a restaurant. The whole thing screamed that we were not welcome there, a group of Hawaiians and Hispanics. I asked my daughter where she wanted to go and she said Red Lobster. I said, "Then Red Lobster it is."  We left and went to Red Lobster where we were greeted, welcomed, and provided excellent service.  Never again will I recommend to anyone to go to Gordon Biersch, where they are selective on who they seat in their restaurant.
2	Got the chef special rib eye. Came with garlic mashed potatoes and green beans. Patrons were bland and soggy. No flavor. I ordered meat medium and it was med rare. Couldn't finish the potatoes. Green beans were dry and bland no flavor. Ordered a side of garlic fries, those were tasty. Beer was okay not too cold. Will not come back.
4	I love going here for their warm bread pudding, it is great! Sign up for their email specials too, they send some great coupons.
1	I was attending an art class that was being held at this location, so my friend and I came early to take advantage of happy hour. The bar area was full, but not packed, and had maybe 3 or 4 servers, which wasn't quite enough. We couldn't get anyone to actually approach our table to take our orders. The two times we were able to actually order anything, we had to flag someone down. It's like we were invisible. The tables around us were getting service, but no luck for us. When my friend's drink finally arrived there was a bug floating in it. Again, when we FINALLY were able to flag someone down and tell her that there was a bug in the drink, she looked at us as though she pitied us for not understanding the value an insect can add to a cosmo, gave us the sympathetic head tilt and said, "ummm...it's a fruit fly." Oh, well then. I didn't realize. I thought it was a bug, but now that I know it's a FRUIT FLY, I'd like to keep it. In fact, do you have a few more you could sprinkle atop my beverage? Thanks.At least they didn't charge her for the drink. Oh, wait. THEY DID. Yes, we got to pay for the fruit fly cosmo, because, well, FRUIT FLY.I hate chain restaurants anyway, and this experience did nothing to change my mind.
5	My boyfriend and I came here for a date night and decided to sit at the bar. He ordered a Hefeweizen and I ordered a sangria and then a cranberry and vodka. The drinks were great, and the beer was nice and cold. We ordered calamari from the happy hour menu and it was pretty good. Nice presentation and it came out quick. We ordered a BBQ chicken pizza to share and it was delish. The bartender was really nice and attentive even though she was busy. Will be back again. :)
2	Had lunch here with my husband he had a beer which he said was great and an awful tasteless burger I had a salad also tasteless Don't waste your money
5	This place is the best place in westgate. The beer is bomb, food is great, bartenders are top notch!!! If you are close to the area and will frequent this place a bit, then become a stein member!! You won't regret it. See u there!
2	Garlic fries made our drinks taste bad. Fish and chips are good. Need to train waitress with red hair to pay attention to party of six instead of ignoring us for table of two right next to us.  We are waving check around trying to pay and we are still getting ignored.
4	BBQ chicken pizza was a generous size and had a good tangy flavour. Service while sitting at the bar was friendly and quick. Beer sampler was inexpensive and allowed you to range across all of their brews.
3	Culinary sin.  You dont put uncooked garlic on a plate  Fries tasted good but the uncooked garlic was unacceptable.   Had kobe beef burger.  It was under seasoned proportionally to the over seasoned fries.  Really im biening nit picky would eat again but would request some changes with the chef
4	I have been here a couple of times, but didn't try a burger until the second time around...One of the best I have had, not too sure what the name of it was but it had a fried egg on it, with the bacon jam!  AMAZING!Their Hefeweizen isnt too bad either!
5	I?m not much of a sweets guy but I?m a su*ker for Gordon Biersch Brewery Restaurant?s crepe cake. We had this really cool, friendly waitress who made us ordering it by saying it would change out life. I ordered it just because I thought that was such a funny thing to say and man, she was right. The thing doesn?t sound like much, but I think perhaps that?s why it?s so great. Light and good and not too rich. Now I?m hooked, so I guess my life did change
2	Came here after the Fiesta Bowl and was shocked by the rudeness we received by upper management. Our server was okay and the food was decent, however, 1 manager ruined our evening and we won't be coming back.
4	GB always a good choice. Gordon Biersch is always a good choice, especially after a day of shopping at Tanger Outlet Mall. GB has a relaxing atmosphere and I admire  the decor on the inside of the restaurant,  with all the subtle references to beer.The server's at GB are always very helpful and take the time to review the menu and explain the various selection of beers offered. The menu at GB is large with a great selection of appetizers.  If you like fries, then you should sample the garlic fries. These fries are addictive, made with fresh pressed garlic, and pair nicely with  beer. If fries aren't for you, then the Blue Crab Artichoke Dip, or Ahi Tuna  is an absolutely must.I enjoyed several of the Marzen Beers and we finished our meal with a delicious Warm Apple Bread Pudding. I look forward to my next visit to GB in the future. The prices are fair,  the menu is appealing, and the customer service is great.
3	Not a bad joint.  Every time we go into the one at WestGate, it appears empty.Food is great.  Beer is great.  Menu is diverse.
4	Haven't had dinner here but reviews look good. Love fish and chips. Gotta try theirs.
4	Sliders and baby brats were extremely tasty. Marzen is a household beer and It sits right next to its partner in crime blonde bock.
