5	Christine is super friendly, honest about the process, and professional. Her laser is the latest technology and it didn't hurt. I had lasers before but it was hot and i had to put on a lot of aloe after. This one was not the same. I did underarms, upperlip, lower legs, and brazillian. At sensitive parts it's a little snappy which is understandable but other parts didnt hurt. I'm scheduled to go in again at the end of may. I will be updating my reviews then!
5	Christine is amazing! Super professional and knowledgable. Very willing to explain the process and answer any questions. Also, you only deal with her so she knows you and knows what you need. I have never had a laser treatment and was a little scared that it would hurt.  It's much less painful(and damaging) than waxing,  and after a few treatments you're done forever! Her prices are unheard of and her laser is the best of the the best. You can't get a better lady or a better laser in Tempe!
5	I'm so excited about finding Laser by Christine!!  I've seen her 3 times now and I'm ecstatic with my results.  I was hesitant for awhile because I'm a baby when it comes to "asking" for pain.  I asked about a few areas and was happy that Christine was honest about what areas don't feel so good and what areas are a piece of cake.  I've added a new area each visit because I'm so impressed with the results.  I'm doing underarms, top of feet and legs... these are all piece of cake areas. LOL   I would highly recommend her and agree with the other reviews.  She is super friendly (I think she just about knows my life story now,) she is honest, professional and I think her pricing is very fair.
5	Christine is super professional and understanding of my squirmy fear of pain. Just finished my first treatment today and purchased a packaged treatment for follow ups! My hubby got his whole back done and will be back for follow ups too.Highly recommend Christine if you are interested in getting laser hair removal done. I love that her Tempe location is only 5 minutes from my house.
5	I've been lasered quite of few times before. The pain plus the heat were at times unbearable. That sunburn feeling would last for hours and my face would be so red and sensitive the next day. Christine uses a special laser with no heat. It makes the process ten times better. I feel no residual heat and the redness is almost gone. Plus she is quick! She answered all of my questions and made me feel like I can kiss my hair goodbye for good :)
5	Go see Christine if you want hair removal. Ive been to two other places, both medical spas and it felt way less personal. Christine knows what she's doing, wants you to have the best results, and she makes you feel comfortable in an uncomfortable and kind of awkward situation (Brazilian!). I would recommend her to anyone. Final thought- If you don't want hair, then go to her. Ta-da!
