5	Dr. Simpson has been my dentist since 2000.  A number of my colleagues in the health professions see him too.  He has quite the following of patients who are medical doctors.  Doesn't that tell you something in itself?The most impressive thing I find about Dr. Simpson is his wonder hands and skill with the needle and local anesthetics.  I don't do will with pain.  I get faint around needles.  I can give 'em but I can't take 'em.  I NEVER feel or see Dr. Simpson's needle.  But I get the numbest darn lip ever.I've been through a number of his hygienists.  He lost a really excellent one shortly after I started going to his practice - she married and moved away.  This latest hygienist is very good:  precise, gentle, and complimentary even to me on my apparent good toothbrushing!  :)I LOVE Pamela, the front desk person.  She'll chat up a storm with you, check on your insurance and admire pics of your kids all at once.  She rocks.  Front office people can make or break a medical/dental practice.  Dr. Simpson has no worries here.
5	My son and I have been seeing Dr. Simpson since about 2003...and I must say that this is the BEST relationship I have been in with a healthcare provider in years.  What a terrific OFFICE!  The people there are always kind, especially Pamela who mans that front desk with such incredible skill.  She is savvy with insurance, warm with patients, funny and so very kind!  I can cite lists and lists of reasons why you should visit this Dentist...--My son fell off the jungle gym (or something like that) at school and dislodged a tooth - and Dr. Simpson checked his tooth immediately upon arrival, explaining what had happened and giving us our options.  It was a baby tooth, but my son was pretty shaken up and we wanted to make sure it could stay in his mouth for the balance of it's short life (it did!)--My husband (then fiance) hadn't had his teeth cleaned in a while and wanted to have then cleaned and x-ray'd....only to find out he had periodontal disease!  Dr. Simpson was on it immediately and I am told he enjoyed a thorough cleaning with some relaxing gas and tunes from his iPod - reportedly the most comfortable cleaning of his life (seriously?  I think they scraped his teeth down to the roots!)--And ME!  I have pretty good teeth but Dr. Simpson reminds me of how to keep them that way, and he's saved me from a couple exposed roots and some tricky plaque deposits!  Whew!What makes this more impressive is that we tried to LEAVE Dr. Simpson when insurance issues made it tough for us to stay...and we tried another dentist and everyone BEGGED me to let them go back to Dr. Simpson.  So..humbly and politely I rescheduled with Pamela who welcomed us with open arms...Don't bother looking...there isn't another Dentist like this!
5	Dr. Simpson is the best dentist I have ever been to.And I have been to my fair share of dentists.  First off, I am a bit of a freak when it comes to oral hygiene.  Second, I am missing teeth.Not that you can tell, and all thanks to Dr. Simpson.  The story of why I am missing teeth is a long and agonizing one (it involves childhood trauma, something called root resorption, and even the Peace Corps believe it or not).Anyhow, long story short, I needed to get an old bridge replaced and I had to pay out of pocket to do so.  To make matters even more interesting, I had to have a tooth pulled AND get a root canal.  This entire process could have been a nightmare, but it wasn't and that is thanks entirely to Dr. Simpson and his always excellent staff.  On one occasion I was having extreme pain, and Dr. Simpson saw me in his office during his vacation (He even had to bring his daughter in with him!  Who does that?!  Dr. Simpson!  That's who!).  He is very sensitive to pain and ensures that even the most routine visit is as pleasant as it gets.Most importantly, my teeth look great and almost everyone is surprised when I tell them that they are false (many of them, anyhow).If you want to go to a great dentist, someone who will make your smile look great, won't hurt you, will take the time to hear about your problems...you HAVE to go to Dr. Simpson.
