3	I see reviews on the hilton as whole including tempo lounge but this place deserves its own separate reviews. I had some time to kill before the doors opened to the barry manilow concert. I like how this place is really chill and you can just sit at their big comfy seats. I ordered a mojito and it took freakin forever. However, it was worth it because it was strong and well mixed so it tasted really good and still hitting you. Early in the night the bartenders/waitresses do a little dance number to songs on the stage. Later in the night they have live music on the weekends.
3	3.5I like to experience walking around with some drinks. I go here and cuz to get drinks. The plan was not to sit-- but the lounges were so attracting and we were tired so it was a good atmosphere. i think the bar outside wouldve suited my purpose. It takes them a long time to mix the drinks coz i saw one customer sip his first glass even if i was there on the couch earlier. Walking around doing nothing is really boring for me--in as much as i wanna walk around with those long party bottles in my hands, i had to remind myself that the concert is starting in 15 minutes. sipped my drink,  took off after some call and walked away. If youre rushing, their comfy couches are not for you. remember this so next time youll remember to pay the checque. LOL. thanks to my safety net.
2	I went here for the first time after seeing the Abbacadabra show, the tribute to Abba, and I have to say I like the look of the lounge, the live band, and the drinks. What I did not like was that one of the cocktail waitresses made it extremely clear that she did not like the smoke from my friend's cigarette. She said aloud to another cocktail waitress, I can't stand the smoke while she was tilting her head back trying to breathe air from above the smoke being a drama queen before finally taking off to another section. That was plain rude and I believe that she is in the wrong business if she cannot handle smoke. It is okay to remove yourself if possible, but don't make it obvious right in front of us that you have a problem, she might as well have just came up and snatched the cigarette right out of his mouth. I don't think I will come back, anyway it's not often I find my self at the Las Vegas Hilton.
2	we were given 4 coupons upon check in & thats the only reason why we came.about an hour passed & the slut cocktail waitress didnt look our way.im not exaggerating.why did we let an hour pass w./o saying anything?well we were at our cousins wedding after party & we did leave to gamble & then returned so there went those 60 mins.so my bf said "the hell w/the free drinks" & went to the bar to get ours.the inside of this lounge is cheesy.dark.smoky.stinky.i totally have a feeling a lot of sex stuff has taken place on the sofas.we eventually used our coupons.i bet my chardonnay was a gallon of gallo.
4	Wednesday and Thursday nights from 9pm - 1am there is a live Jazz band that plays at the Tempo Lounge called "Nova". This 'gig' is one of the best kept secrets of Vegas, and one of the few remaining places one can see a band of this quality. Both the female singer and musicians have all worked with some of the big names in the business - and it shows!. Musicians from other shows/bands in Vegas frequent the gig and often sit-in as guest performers. The only downside is that it can get a bit smokey in there some nights.
3	Jazzy empty dark empty comfy empty interesting empty nightclub.  We got some coupons for free drinks when we checked in and dropped by to have a look around 9pm...on a Sunday night.  We were the only ones there.  The bartender at the bar next to the entrance mixed up some strong drinks for our coupons and we made ourselves at home in the nightclub, moving from place to place and trying out different seating areas, all the while talking to our imaginary party guests.Turns out Paris Hilton is not very interesting but Eleanor Roosevelt was a hoot.  Get a few pops in her and lookout!
4	Our alumni club was invited by a rival university's alumni club to watch our schools play each other on a Saturday afternoon.  There were around 25-30 of us in the lounge and for $10 had Sandwiches and 1/2 off drinks during the game.  Not a bad deal!There are 8 LCD TV Screens in the lounge and we had the audio for the game throughout the lounge.  We basically had the whole place to ourselves.  The seats were very comfortable....think Ultra-Lounge.The only complaint was that there was one waitress for the entire group.....which meant very slow service.  Many people went to the bar to get their drinks.Overall, it was a great time.....and we beat the other team by a lot!  I think they regretted inviting us to crash their party! ha!Will I return?  You bet!
4	This is one of my favorite lounges in all of Las Vegas. I make a special point to come visit while in in town.The bartenders and cocktail waitresses have always been more than great too me especially when they are serving me great drink that are not too waterd down. The decor is kinda funky and I like it. Most the time this place isn't too busy so its very relaxing but when it is busy (usually on weekends) its even more fun. I like this place and I hope more people check it out. Its right inside The Las vegas Hilton next to the theatre.
1	The wait staff was not friendly and the drinks were watered down big time. If your not staying at LVH I would not waste the time to visit here. This place ranks a big suck!
2	Really crappy service. Went there, pretty empty. We had a party of 12 and in the mood to drink. The waitress never bothered to pay us a visit. This place sucks.
2	Over priced casino bar. Would rather be on the strip and get original martinis and douchey atmosphere at these prices.
2	Time for a review update.  This place has lost a couple of stars....there's just no excitement here.  It's just a place to grab drinks now.  You can do that anywhere in Vegas.Return Factor - 10%
