4	I was riding back to Tempe from Roosevelt Dam this afternoon around 2:30pm, and I had skipped lunch.  Riding north on 188 there is a lot of scenery but not too many places to eat.  I saw a sign for Pumpkin Center and took a right.  Just past the town library is the Pumpkin Center Bar.  It was pretty quiet and there were only four other patrons.  The place was dark and had a bar with a few flat screen TV's, pool tables, and a kitchen.  Everything was old, but clean.  So I thought I would take a chance and get some food.  Well I was in for a pleasant surprise.   The bartender greeted me and asked what I wanted.  I asked if the kitchen was open, she asked me what I wanted.  I thought a burger and fries sounded safe, so that is what I ordered.  The bartender asked one of the guys sitting at the bar if he wanted to cook up a burger and some fries.  He finished  his beer and raised the empty bottle.  The bartender smiled and nodded.  The guy got up and headed for the kitchen, she opened a beer.  Hmmm I thought this could go either way.  I noticed that they had mini pitchers of beer for $2.  That seemed like a good deal, but I was riding my motorcycle so I stuck with a soda.  The other bar patrons were pleasant and one woman was telling a story about her last visit to Phoenix.  She took the light rail to her old neighborhood for a visit.  The place had changed, she was asked "if she wanted a date" no less than eight times during her walk.  She lamented that the neighborhood had changed since she lived there when she was able to go out and play as a child.  A few minutes later that same woman got up from the bar and brought out my burger and fries.  She said that she wasn't the waitress but she used to work there.  I guess old habits are hard to break.  She was nice and the burger and fries were smoking hot!  It was a great burger.  The lettuce was crisp, the tomato slice was red and juicy, the onions were crisp and had a strong onion taste.  The pickles, well what can one say about pickles, I'm not a big pickle fan.  The fries were fresh out of the fryer, and fried in some sort of non healthy oil that tasted delicious.     With a full belly I got ready to ride home, thinking that next time I'm in Tonto Basin, I know where to get a good burger!
4	This bar is great.  There are guitars and banjos lining the walls, lots of seating, and food.  I as told there are horseshoe pits, but I didn't use them.If you are in this area, you are either going to Lake Roosevelt, or somewhere near it.  If you are staying in the area, this is one of a few good bars in the area where you can wet your whistle.An interesting guy named "Bones" is the curator of the guitars and the live music at night.You can't miss it, it has a giant pumpkin on the sign.
3	Quality of food is good and normal price. I personally enjoyed the fried steak breakfast. Pancake was good but a little bit on the hard side. Service was also a little slow and there weren't more than 5 people at the place.
2	Quality of food is okay and with normal price. I had the eggs & bacon and the hash brown was greasy Service was also a very slow and there weren't more than 8 people at the whole place.The staff was polite but need help on service, cooking and presentation of the dish they are serving.
