3	I used to be a huge fan of Home Depot.  Maybe I thought that all the dirty racks made it more man-like or something.  But over time, my opinion has changed, and I am definitely more of a Lowe's fan these days.  Even though Home Depot has cleaned up, I find that I really do find more of what I want at Lowe's.The stores are certainly nicer - always have been.  But even in the dark and dirty (relatively speaking) corners of the store where few dare to venture, the selection is not only better at Lowe's than at Home Depot, the prices are almost always better as well.Probably the best part is that if you should find that hard-to-find item that probably only sells once or twice a year at Lowe's, it very likely will not be caked with dirt, dust or some other bizarre material.  Just about everything at Home Depot looks that way, even if it is new - almost as if the whole place is soundly secured just behind a sawdust-generating device of some sort.  Not that there is anything wrong with that.  Just not what I am after these days.
4	I can walk out the front door and wander in any given direction; eventually I'll hit a Lowes store. This one is the oldest in my area. You can tell it's an older store, but it's hardly busted by any means. The service here is better than Concord Mills or Northlake; the cashiers are friendly and the floor staff puts out the extra effort to find what you are looking for. They're always around when you need them. Best time to go for plant selection seems to be mid week; everything has been picked over by the weekend.The lighting in the store is better than Home Depot; could be why I prefer it more.
4	This has been my go to hardware/home improvement store since moving to this side of town 13 years ago. It is one of the older Lowes in the area but is well kept and clean. The staff  over the years has been consistently above average. I do prefer Lowes to Home Depot, not sure really why other than I usually receive good service at Lowes as opposed to other chains. And yes Lowes is one of the big box stores that help kill the mom and pop hardware stores, but at least they offer good prices and decent  service.
5	I know all Lowe's stores are suppose to be the same, however I think we all know some are better then others.  I always visit this Lowe's when I'm working in the University Area of Charlotte.  Always get in and out quick, and the employees at this store actually know where the things you ask about are located within the store.  I definitely recommend this Lowe's if you live in or near the University Area of Charlotte NC.
