3	As you head down Morrison Street towards Haymarket, the pubs and bars that you pass begin to get slightly dodgier and less salubrious than those found in the city centre. I had always assumed that Thompson's was a rough establishment and not the kind of place in which I would enjoy a drink, however I was wrong. Inside it's traditional, but the light wooden floor and bar give it a feeling of modernity. The drinks are cheap and a dram of a decent single malt won't cost more than a couple of quid, they also stock Bacchus Framboise (a Belgian fruit beer and one of my favourite drinks). The bar staff are patient and friendly; my friends and I stayed to finish our drinks long after time had been called, but they never once hurried us along or made us feel like we'd outstayed our welcome. Best of all, when you do finally get around to leaving there's a pie shop just across the road serving up freshly made calorific delights.
4	I agree with Emma, from the outside this place looks a little rough but please give it a chance.Drinking here is the about the cheapest experience you'll have in this area. Staff are friendly and were keen to chat. Plus, it's about the only place in Edinburgh where you can guarantee a seat when you want to drink outside!
5	I love Thomsons. It is a really great pub surrounded by Haymarket Tourist traps. The Mercat is its modern counterpart up "the other street"But Thomson does a wonderful job of serving some lovely ales. It is worth dropping in to just taste some of the local ales. Some people get put off by the exterior but inside here is a great place with lovely staff that really cares about what they serve. Worth a visit - I would think that if you are close - this should be consider a local. Oh and they serve pies - really good pies. They get them from the specialist pie shop from across the street and serve them hot. Worth the trip.
4	I love Thomsons Bar, especially when it's not busy! One of the best selections of real ales in Edinburgh and just a really nice atmosphere. In some ways I wish this place was a good secret, but then businesses need customers!
4	My work local...and what a good one at that!An excellent selection of real ale and great steak pies, baked potatoes and sandwiches make this a true, proper pub. Really friendly staff cap this off as one of my absolute favourites in town.
4	From the outside, this place looks like a dingey old man's pub and I'd never have ventured in here if it weren't for the promise of 'the best pie in town" and a pint by the boss man!And the pie DID NOT dissapoint!! Being a Kiwi, I know my pies.. and this was a GREAT pie! Covered in baked beans and huge to boot! Tho I had no troubles gobbling up the entire thing and washing it down with a couple of drinks. There's a great selection of ales too, if you're into that sort of thing...The inside is pretty spacious, with few tables, so you don't feel like you're being crammed in like sardines. Also means you gotta get there early enough to snag one if you want to have a pie! Well worth a visit!!
4	First time in here on a bit of a pub tour round our fair city and I was impressed. Good selection of beers, ciders and lager. Friendly staff and reasonable prices. Considering the other bars close by, this is definately going to be my stop off point next time I am heading back on the train. First visit so short review, but I dont think my review will change, as I recon this place has been a great wee boozer for some time.
5	Thomson's bar is an excellent place to stop by and get a couple of pints and grab some food for really cheap I went there after reading a review with it in the Guardian and I am very happy I stopped by.I went there to find some cheap local food and it did not disappoint. I got there with a couple of friends at 12:30 and the place was pretty full so we had a drink at the bar while they were prepping our pies. We almost ate at the bar too, but a table opened up, and soon enough we each had enormous pies sitting in front of us.They were amazing, and went very well with the great beers on tap.  Also the staff was excellent and very friendly.Definitely worth a visit.
