3	I did a review for the Silver Spur, so I guess I should do one for it's reincarnation.  For me, it's kind of like Voldemort (oh I'm geeking it up alright), in that I try not to say it's name.  In my mind, it is and always will be The Spur.  If I confuse you by using it's old name, well quite frankly that's your problem.I have a deep and everlasting love of the Spur, so when it closed I was upset.  I was happy to hear, though, that it would be re-opening with different owners.  Until I heard the name.  I'm sorry, but who names a bar Chainsaw??  I digress.Apparently there were some improvements made, the country music posters that covered the walls were removed, and it was no longer 7-nights-a-week-karaoke.  Some nights they had live bands.  I'm honestly not sure if that's still the case as I haven't been in over a year.  It's still a good, relaxed, chill bar for some beers with friends.  But it will never be as good as the original.
5	For the last four years of my academic career this has been my go-to spot for a great night.  Even when it was the Silver Spur, they knew how to accommodate a good time.  I'm there multiple times a week and have so much love and respect for the employees there, including my bouncer and bartender friends.  I'm the official Duchess of this place, everyone who knows me knows that!  Who is this Vincent guy? As far as I'm concerned he's never shown his face here and doesn't deserve the title.
3	Four stars for experience, but a -1 for the migraine inducing nightly karaoke. The beer, while served in big mason jars or pitchers, is not especially cheap considering this is truly a divey college bar, though the specials are good. The chainsaw beer is ok, though without any type of body or fullness. There are also pool tables and foosball tables. The karaoke is run every night and the trashed local college kids, while getting high grades for enthusiasm, lack something in the pitch area.
1	Decent venue. Nice patio. Cold beer. HORRIBLE KARAOKE!!!!  Not just the worst karaoke ever. The worst karaoke ever BY FAR!!! The host can't keep track of his clients requests and allows mainly the people he wants to sing to the front of the line.   It was such a wast of time going there.  I guess since there's no karaoke competition they can do whatever they like.  So sad.  I hope a more reputable establishment starts karaoke soon.  This is a complete FAIL!!
