5	Great, fantastic drop in childcare!!!  Very friendly and trustworthy. I never hesitate to leave my children here.
4	We've used Daydreams (formerly, Maui Playcare) for a couple of years. It's great for quick appts when I don't want to bring the kids. They literally charge to the minute. So, you aren't rounding up like you might with your sitter. My kids always have a great time. It can get pricey if all 3 are there for the 4 hr max (and I give them permission to buy snacks). But, they often send coupons (get on their email list) and you can bring in your own food. We've had periods when we haven't gone for 5 or 6 months and they know my kids by name when we walk in. Impressive!
5	This is a busy parents REAL life dream! Super cute place with wonderful staff- Tina, Angela, Jasmin and Deanna are caring and thoughtful providers. Clean, lots of fun for the kiddos, plenty of activities. Great location if you live in the DC ranch, Grayhawk and MCDowell Mountain neighborhood.
5	great staff.  Great clean location loaded with fun stuff for the kids to do.  I was nervous about living my 18 mth old anywhere but Daydreams has been great for appts or running errands.
5	Just as an update - more than a year later and most of the staff  IS. THE. SAME.  There are year-round schools that can't boast of the same staff retention.  I am in awe of the wonderful and caring staff and have never hesitated to leave my children with them.
4	Staff is always friendly. Clean. My son seems to always have a good time. It would be nice if the Sunday hours were longer and also the length of time the child can stay. Only a max. of 4 hours! Maybe I like to have nice relaxing evenings when I go out so I don't like to be rushed!
5	Apparently my babysitter doesn't return my text anymore...so I had to find an alternative!  This is a great place if you need somewhere in a pinch, or if 4 hrs is all your need for a sitter.  My son is always eager to go back so they must be doing something right.
5	I have been using Daydreams for  over 4 years. Service is always great, shop is always clean and staff genuinely seem to enjoy playing with the kids. My children ask to go to Daydreams and play. I used this service prior to my girls starting preschool so that they would be better socialized with a group of children and it worked great. Very low turnover of staff!Tina and Deanna are very hands on and open to any special request you might have.While the service might seem pricey, you are paying for the drop in/last minute sitter/going crazy please take care of my child right now option. Join the email list and you will get coupons, or better yet buy one of the value passes to save even more.Highly recommend this service to any parent in the area.
5	Like any parent, I need a place to drop my kid off for various reasons--doctors appts, sudden emergencies, and the much needed break. I've been so pleased with Daydreams! I have been bringing my son there for just shy of two years. Never once have we had a problem, never once has my son not wanted to go or said anything negative about it. From about the second or third time we went, the staff recognized us. They take great care of my son, he enjoys going and I feel safe leaving him there.Very clean, comfortable with lots of fun things for the kids to play with while you are out and about. Will continue to take my kids there and enjoy the comfort and convenience of Daydreams!
5	My 6 and 3 year old love this place!  They are excited to go and sad to leave.  I never have to worry about last minute daycare.  The staff is also great!  I like buying the minutes in bulk for a great deal!
5	Great place!  Kids love it there and my wife and I feel very comfortable dropping them off there.  Staff are very kind and helpful.  Very clean and the kids love going there!
4	The place was clean, nice, and the staff friendly.  My kids 6 and younger loved it.  My 9 year old was just ok.  He brought his ipod touch and that helped. I would highly recommend it to people who need a safe place to leave their kids for a few hours.  I wish they allowed kids to stay longer than 4 hours.
