5	Best yogurt ever!
5	16 flavors & So many toppings to choose from and they have pomegranate seeds! Indoor and outdoor seating options. My new favorite yogurt shop.
2	In from out of town and and Siri directed us to this spot at 1st and Washington.  It was moderately crowded so we thought, why not?  The first thing we noticed was the nicely written post-it notes with "OUT" stuck on three machines.  We pressed on anyway and made a purchase.  While checking out, the cashier made a dash to another machine with another post-it note.  I said "too many more of those and you'll have to close", she said, "I know - we have more yogurt in the back, it's just frozen".  Another person in line said she'd been there 7 times, and all 7 times they were out of multiple flavors.  The yogurt was good, but there were not enough fruit topping options, mostly candy.  Think I'll look for another spot, in search of culture(s).
5	A-M-A-Z-E-B-A-L-L-Z !!!!!!!!!We will NEVER go anywhere else again.Plain and simple.
3	If I'm close I will go there not my favorite. Staff is kind of rude and not very clean.
3	Better than uswirl not as glorious as Yogurtland. Variety of toppings to choose from but underwhelming yogurt flavors and taste. I wish dipping dots was still in business here.
5	Yumm I love there cake batter and The Asian kid working there was nice!
5	What a great place to go for a tasty treat after the movies or dinner at Norterra.  Some of the best frozen yogurt in the Phoenix metro. Great locationGreat productGreat serviceGreat valueMust try's ~ Dulce de Leche, Hawaiian Bikini Martini Sorbet and Pomegranate Raspberry Sorbet! Hope to see ya there!
4	This is our favorite place to go after dinner for an extra treat.  The staff here has always been friendly and helpful.  It is always clean and has great options for toppings.  The staff went above and beyond on our last visit and gave our daughter a special treat as she was sad about the toy store next door closing.  We like the large variety of flavors and toppings this store has!
5	This place was very neat and clean inside! They had a good variety of toppings and the yogurt was yummy!
4	This place is really nice and clean. The Yogurt is tasty and love the change of monthly flavors.   Make sure to sign up on their rewards to get a coupon and points.
3	I'm a big fro-yo fan... especially in this one hundred billion degree heat.  Yogurtini fit the bill and provided for my daily craving.  It was good, but there wasn't anything exceptional to get overly excited about. The service was just fine, but could be more outgoing. It would be great to have sample cups offered and not to have to request them.  Things I really liked: good signage so customers know sugar-free and gluten-free options and a great assortment of sauces. All of the typical yummy toppings are offered as well. If you're in the neighborhood, this would be a good place to go and cool off before you have to melt while walking back to your car.
5	I always go here for the chocolate covered marshmallows. They have other toppings but I spend my money on those the most. So good with their cookies and cream with chocolate frozen yogurt. My daughter loves getting lots of toppings and we get tons of discount coupons in the mail. That makes it easy to have it often. I like their whole look and it's always so clean.
4	We always enjoy our visits to Yogurtini. Usually we go when we're rewarding our kids for doing well in school or rewarding ourselves for being amazing parents! Haha! They have probably 15-20 different flavors of yogurt and you can mix and match as much as you want. There are flavors that are constantly there (cookies & cream, dulce de leche, etc.) and seasonal flavors such as the peppermint stick and eggnoggin that we sampled tonight. There are a ton of different toppings, from basic sprinkles to brownie bites, Twix pieces, gummy worms, etc. There are a few different sizes of cups. The small, when filled up to the top, is actually enough for two people. The large would obviously feed a whole family. The prices are probably comparable to other yogurt places around town. The reason that we like Yogurtini, though, is that they're always sending out coupons in the mailers, some for as much as 20% off. They even have a 15% off Yelp coupon. Just open Yelp on your phone and show them the coupon. We usually get two small cups filled up and topped and, using our coupons, end up paying around 8 or 9 bucks. We share them between my wife and I and our two kids. It's a pretty reasonable price for a real tasty treat!
3	I love froyo, and this one had some good flavors. Bananna and birthday cake were my favorites. The prices are just right, and the atmosphere is rather youthful and fun. It sets the mood to do some other fun things in the mall plaza that it's set in.
5	The yogurt is spectacular, and most toppings are great too (I would stay away from the fruit if you're looking for something fresh). But other than that, it beats everything on a hot Phoenix day.I like this location in particular because it's always kept clean, there's generally not a long line, and the kids working there always seem pleasant.
4	I really enjoyed the selection.. Most importantly it's a very clean and friendly environment. As a recent transplant to the area I was very pleased with the store! Not to mention pistachio yogurt!! Fresh fruits although not enough of a fruit selection! Also, the location is beautiful! We went last night after a camping trip.. There are nice sofas and lovely 90s music playing :) highly recommend this place.. Oh and I used a coupon from yelp so I got 15% off which is always nice!!
5	LOVE this place! They have sugar free options, which is great for me. All kinds of flavors and toppings which include fruit. It's very clean and staff is very friendly.
5	I love DIY fro-yo and this is one of the best in town
5	My son and I decided to try Yogurtini before going to the movies. The yogurt is excellent and the employees are very polite.
3	This location has a great selection of yogurt flavors and toppings. It's always super clean and the toppings look fresh and well tended, but the staff tends to be kind of rude. I've been here several times and I never witnessed the cashier saying "thank you" or anything pleasant. Tonight the cashier was talking with another employee, took my credit card from my hand and then handed it back to me without even looking at me while continuing the conversation. No "thanks", no offer of a receipt, nothing. She did crumple up my receipt and throw it under the counter so I took that to mean that we were done and I should move on.I'll probably go back because I like the product but the service leaves something to be desired.
4	Nice staff(although you may have to hunt them down as they always seem to be in thr back) good yogurt, always tastes fresh, toppings are huge varietal (however I'm more of a "purest"), the one negative is that it always seems dirty on the yogurt machines
