1	So this is kind of a let down after the Hilton.  The room is meant to be a suite but they put a weird half wall in splitting the room up so the whole room feels smaller.  The internet connection is wired instead of wireless and there is no printing or faxing service.The bed was too soft and the pillows basically useless.Luckily for me my room had hot water and water.  There were others in my group that did not have that luxury.  You're reading this right...some rooms were without hot water and one room I know for sure didn't have any water at all.They do give a free breakfast though.
2	They get two stars for having HD TV and breakfast.  The room was ok but the air was not on, the bathroom tub is old, the air did not work in the hallways.  I have stayed at a few SpringHill Suites this is not one of the better ones.
1	Terrible! Checked in on 7/12 and checked out an hour later! Upon entering the room we noticed a musty smell in carpeting and bedding. They say it's a smoke-free hotel yet next door was smoking in their room. The walls are so thin that it smelled as if they were smoking in the room. I went down to the front desk and was met with kids running and yelling throughout the halls. The staff did not seem to care or have any control. There was a family reunion and the family gathered in the front lobby and pool area. It was quite loud and hard to get any peace! I went back to the room to pack up my things only to find that I was able to hear the couple next door slamming the door and arguing. Also, since the walls were so thin we had the unfortunate experience of hearing and smelling them going to the bathroom. I have never experienced a hotel stay so unfavorable before. I will NEVER recommend this hotel to anyone EVER!!!!!
1	Worst hotel ever.Stayed here on 2 occasion, same problem.. NO HOT WATER..Another colleague stayed here , on a different date... same problem.. NO HOT WATERSee another yelp review below... same problem .... NO HOT WATERIf you stay here, be prepared cos , you will likely have .. NO HOT WATER.
3	I stayed here for four nights across two different stays during a week in Charlotte. The hotel has a pretty new feel to it. Its very clean and well kept. The "store" is decently stocked although very expensive as you'd expect.The regular king room layouts are decent and feel open. The air is controlled by a wall thermostat and is quickly able to adjust thr rooms temperature. The big knock on the layout is that the TV is on the dresser in the space between the sitting area and the bed so isn't really suited to being watched from either without it being turned to a severe angle where it protrudes off the dresser.Several of the reviews mention cold water and while I didn't have any problems, two others in our group both had one morning of ice cold showers.I enjoyed my stay and I'd rate it much higher if it wasn't for the cold water issues.
5	I have stayed here twice and each time was delightful.  Great staff, clean rooms, hot water, good wireless interwebs, and a solid location!  I will stay here agai
3	+ Close to I-85 - and still quiet!+ Beautiful view from room! + Window in room opens+ Nice room- weird layout (king) but good            size + Plenty of hot water+ Great bathroom fan (good white noise for     light sleepers)+ Ceiling fan in wet bar area+ Large towels + Towels, linens, carpet clean/soft+ Modern decor & soothing colors- Dark room upon check in (midnight)- Multiple hairs, mold and soap scum in tub-    yuck!- Leaving adjoining rooms unlocked/open is    not safe for guests!  Adjoining doors also    very loud to close/lock - I probably awoke    sleeping neighbors!
