4	This store is where we go to get all our dog food (we just got our dog, so about four months at the time of review). It's very close to home. It has a HUGE variety like a large chain offers but the food is all of the holistic/high end types.The store hours are a bit shorter than most other stores. The store managers/assistants in general are reticent and wouldn't offer help if you were running around the store undecided, unless asked.  I am fine with it as in most cases I have done my research online and come with a few specific options in mind.The last time I went in, they didn't have the specific protein formula that I wanted, but they were able to find another store that did and had it delivered the next day to this store. That was VERY helpful! The prices are okay on food - as a comparison, Blue Buffalo which is also carried by Petsmart and Petco is a few dollars cheap for the 30# bag. I was able to use a $10 off $45 coupon, so it worked well for me. They recently started putting these in mailers. The mailer also said Blue Buffalo was $41.99 but it was actually $45.99. Their site says you can register to get coupons but that function doesn't work. I haven't bought other grooming tools or toys here.
4	We have been patrons of Pet Club for quite some time. While this location does not seem quite as big as some of the others, they still carry a wide variety of goodies that are sure to make any pampered pooch (or cat!) very happy. Being that both of our pets are on a holistic and grain-free diet, Pet Club is an obvious choice for their food needs. They carry a wide variety of foods that are difficult to find in the big chains. At the risk of sounds like a pet-owning snob, I appreciate that these stores carry plenty of foods that don't include the yucky stuff most people don't want to know is in their pet's food. The employees are knowledgeable about the products they carry and the items are reasonably priced.
4	Been coming to PetClub for a long time now, since we had to ween our dog off of this gross Puppy Beneful his famly had him on.  He easily transitioned to Solid Gold, which, along with many of the other products PetClub carries, is a more appropriate dry food that is not natural, holistic and free of preservatives and chemicals (well at least that's what the bags claim).I like this place because it has a ton of stuff in such a small building - food for cats/dogs; toys; treats; pet supplies - you don't have to wander around a PetSmart or a PetCo when you have this place packed with things;  They are usually run by friendly high-school aged kids that amazingly know (or have been well-trained on) a lot about pet nutrition and the brands they carry.  Another thing I like is they have new treats I like to try out on our dog: raw bones, raw animal meat, deer antlers (as chewing/gnawing treats); pet ice-cream.. basically a lot of alternative food and treats for your pet.  Prices are good, too - we compared what we pay for our big bag of food to PetCo (Petsmart doesn't even carry Solid Gold) and we are paying less by buying it here and supporting a local business.
5	One by one the larger chain pet stores have dropped my cats dry food (Avoderm) and it was becoming hard to find locally. Then I noticed Pet Club and thought I would ask. Sure enough they stock it and always seem to have it in stock when needed. A friendly, helpful store.
3	Its really near to where I live so that is nice.  They have a great selection of dog food and toys.  Their prices are more reasonable than the bigger stores on a lot of items and the employees are great.  The one problem I have experienced a couple times is the item not showing up on the register when it's scanned.  It then takes a while to look it up and enter the price.
5	Love this place. Best pet food store. Staff is super friendly and will special order dog food for you. Best prices in town for natural dog food.
