1	Terrible store online pricing is wrong don't even want to honor any of there mistakes don't even want to help a fellow vaper
5	My boyfriend went in yesterday and bought use two e cigarettes he got a flavor with nicotine so we went back in the same day and I picked out my own flavor. They let us try tons of different flavors and we met the creator of the flavors. Unfortunately I had an issue with my e cigarette it started leaking, we went back in and the owner, Alex, helped out a lot and actually hooked it up with a whole new set up and apologized for the inconvenience. We will definitely be coming back more and more to try their new flavors and eventually upgrade, the customer service here is great and the prices are great. So happy with the new e cigarette! Thanks guys!
4	The store is new and still developing its ambience, some stock is currently in transit, but this place truly has the potential to become the best shop in the city. Get to know it now before you have to fight the crowds. Their flavors are the best I've found and the staff is both friendly and knowledgable. Alex (The flavor guy) is always trying new things and is extremely responsive to customer feedback. His new "Mob Liquid" line is to die for. I recommend the "Seigel" flavor. It will become your go-to juice.Alex (the co-owner guy) is always helping and willing to bend over backward to make sure your Vaping experience is extraordinary.  It seems to be his personal mission to solve any problem that causes your gaping experience to be less than ideal. This is a shop to watch! I'd give it five stars but then there would be no way to come back and give it five when they get everything in and the ambience completed. You owe it to yourself to check this place out.
5	Overall the best vape shop I've been to here in Vegas! Great flavors and friendly. They take care of their customers. Went with a friend to get his vape and ended up getting flavors of my own! Great place!!Recommend them all the way!
5	I came in here just to check things out. I'm new to the vapor scene, & I'm tired of smoking regular cigarettes. I've been smoking since I was 15....I'm 32 now and smoke about a pack a day. The customer service in here was awesome. I tried about 10 different flavors & after all the patience the gentleman in there had with me I decided to purchase a kit. Let me tell you this much, the gentleman named Oscar went above and beyond with all the questions I asked. He was very helpful and I'm glad after all the other places there are in this town to buy from I'm glad I came here. I would definitely recommend this place to family and friends. I honestly spent about 30 more minutes in here after I purchased the unit cause these guys were so cool to talk to. I will be back in here to purchase all my juice & future things. This place is very inviting, has a bar with different flavors, all different types of kits, etc. I'm ecstatic, & yes I didn't come here to buy a kit, but I'm happy I did, & I did purchase one at a very good price. Thanks guys! See you again soon!
5	This place is awesome. Matt and Alex know what they're talking about. If you come by on Sunday you might catch their bulldog. This is the best vape store in town
5	As a vape whore, I go to every vape store I can find, & you know other place have their perks, some have amazing deals great juices, but this place blows them outta the water when it comes to juices, some places flavors smell good, some smoke is thicker than others. But when I tried their melon ball flavor, not only does it smell good you can taste it. So hands down (in my opinion) best juices in town. They're a dollar more than other places buts it's only a dollar & worth it.
5	Great little shop, good selection, and on top of that, the employees are really nice. I always try to stop by when I can.
5	Awesome store, every one has been extremely helpful and they have always had what I'm looking for in Stock with the best prices I've seen!
1	Hours of operation according to the sign on the door clearly state open until 10:00pm today, yet here I am looking through the locked glass door as the employee motions his hands in front of his neck signifying that they're closed. Really? Is 9:57 the new 10:00? Don't post hours of operations if your not going to follow them.I hauled ass over to this location in order to get to their shop before 10pm and stock up on ecig juice as I'm completely out. The employee's dumbfounded look on his face was all the more insulting, looking at me...a potential lifetime customer, with this blank look on his face as to why anyone would be coming to their store. Unbelievably lazy and horrendous customer service if you ask me. Not to mention, the employee was playing around on his laptop when he could of exceeded customer service and sold me a bottle of ecig juice. You are working in a service industry not a computer lounge. Go twitter on you own time, not the owners!
5	Convenient bcuz it's close by to where I work & stay@! I NEVER leave w/just one item but it's all good! Haven't tried all the flavors yet but as long as I work close by, I'm sure I will! So far, I'm sooo glad & satisfied w/the frosted strawberry menthol w/6% nicotine! Hmmm I wonder wutz my next Flav? Lol thx! Smooches!
2	Used to be good now not so much overpriced probably won't be coming back anytime soon
1	I was excited when this shop started carrying Suicide Bunny's juice line....and thats where it all fell apart. Ive had and LOVE Mothers Milk that I have purchased from others shops so having a shop closer to my house that carry it was awesome. Ive bought 3 bottles of different Suicide Bunny juice and every one of them they ADD their own nicotine to the juice. IT IS THE MOST VILE, DISGUSTING NICOTINE I HAVE HAD THE DISPLEASURE TO VAPE ON. It totally ruins the experience that is a $22.99 (over priced) bottle of juice. It makes me want to quit vaping, its that bad!!! QUIT CHEAPING OUT AND JUST BUY SUICIDE BUNNY WITH THEIR NICOTINE ADDED!!!!My other gripe is they no longer allow customers to drip test their juice. Anyone that has dripped knows how much of a difference there is between dripping and tank use as far as flavor goes.I will no longer visit this establishment for any of my vaping needs. Cheaping out will cost you in the long run.
5	My husband found this place by chance and went in to get more info as he hadn't started vaping.  He was smoking about 2 pack of cigarettes a day and decided that after 25 years of that, he needed to start cutting back.  Oscar was extremely helpful and gave him a ton of information about the different items that they had.  A couple of days later we both went back to get him a starter kit.  Oscar recommended a few of the less expensive items so my husband could see if he would even like it.  My husband ended up getting an iPV and a Nautilus Aspire tank, claiming that he wouldn't be wasting the money.  Oscar walked him through the set-up and set him up with a nicotine level that was comparable to his cigarettes.  Within 4 days, he stopped smoking all together.A few days later, I went back because I kept taking my husband's but the nicotine was too much for me (I don't use any).  Alex set me up with a Nautilus Aspire Mini and an itaste vv.  He was extremely friendly and helpful. He put everything together for me, showed me how it worked and had me try about 20 different juices (out of about 120 different flavors) until I found two that I loved.Two days after I got it, one of the two coils burnt.  I went back and John (a guy that I had never met before) replaced the coil free of charge and hooked me up.  When I thought that I had broken the itaste (about a week later), I went back and John informed me that there was a safety feature on it to prevent it from shorting out.  I just needed to clean it.  Again, John took care of me and got me vaping again.Frequently when we go to get more juices or accessories, Jordan is working.  She is always smiling and outgoing.  The other day when we went in, Jordan said that they had just gotten some new juices in and asked if we wanted to try them.  They were totally AWESOME!!!  Had to get the Ruthless (brand) Mandingo (flavor); it tastes just like fresh banana bread!We went back today and Jordan helped me find a new drip tip that would fit my Nautilus.  As other customers came in, she told them that she would be right with them and I informed her that I literally had all day and I could wait.  Jordan kept checking on me in case I wanted to see anything or if I had any questions.  When all was said and done, I got my new tip and am considering a new mod that she was showing me.  At the price they have it for, I'd be a fool not to get it there.I would definitely recommend this place to other people and my husband and I refuse to go anywhere else.  There's something to be said for great customer service and being treated like you're a friend as opposed to just another needy customer.
