4	Armando's is SO good... way better than any of the other drive through options in the area.  They have out-of-this-world breakfast burritos (I usually get the Armando's Special; eggs, potatoes, bacon, cheese)...and they're HUGE.  I usually eat half in the morning and half later for a snack.  For lunch; don't pass up the carne asada tacos; delicious.  Everything is really well priced, too - pass up the chains and give Armando's a shot.  It's well worth it!
2	First the good news:Armando's here is a fast food restaurant with a simple but clean look inside.  There are two dining areas, with reasonably comfortable solid booths, & there is a photo menu of the combination plates.  The selection is pretty good, & you order at the counter & then pick up your food when it's ready, to take over to the table to eat.Now the bad news:This place is WAY overpriced!!  My order of a combination plate with a Chile Relleno, Hard Shredded Beef Taco, beans & rice was a whopping $7.60 PLUS ANOTHER $2 FOR CHIPS=$9.60!!    :-OTo compare, here are prices for two excellent, nearby FULL SERVICE restaurants:Comedor Guadalajara:  Same order PLUS a cup of delicious Fideo Soup, $8.95.Pitic Restaurant:  Same order PLUS an enchilada $8.75.I say skip this place!
4	It sounded like Bastard Noise or Merzbow was blasting through the speakers of the drive thru menu.  Same menu as you'd find at any other 24 hour Mexican joint.  I only look at the burro section.  No 'Can i help you?' or 'Can I take your order?'.  Nothing like that.I just go for it.  "I'll have two breakfast burros; egg, potato and cheese.  And a bean and cheese burrito."Noise distorts out through the speaker.  I get the hint that it's rhythmically broken up into syllables.  "Hello?".More noise.  Fuck it.  I pull forward.The lady comes to the drive-thru window and repeats my order back to me.  She's basically got everything right.  The tip jar is a styrofoam cup taped rather shoddily to the drive-thru window.  She's not really sexy or young or anything but she's pretty.  I put a quarter in the tip jar cup thingy.  Our burros were $10.11.It takes about three to four minutes for the burros to be wrapped, bagged and given to us.  My kids are pretty stoked.  The red salsa is pretty great as well.  Then it's on to Greyhound Park as we cruise Van Buren and sight see on our way to the flea market.  Saturday is beautiful.Note:  If you're at the drive thru window, don't look down.  It's full of old gum, straw wrappers, cigarette butts, gross spilled milk.  Trust me.  Eyes forward.  You're good.
2	Check your food before you leave the drive-up!!!I've been going to this restaurant regularly for over 5 years and can count on one hand how many times they have gotten my order right.  This is the only restaurant I've ever frequented that I have to literally open up the bag, pull out by burrito, unwrap it, and peel open the tortilla to MAKE SURE it is what right!  Unfortunately, they make it wrong 90% of the time and end up having to make it again.  You would think a small business would get tired of throwing away food because it was made incorrectly, but you would be WRONG.  On one occasion I didn't  check it before driving home and found out it was wrong so I drove all the way back to have it made correctly;  they made it again and STILL SCREWED UP MY ORDER!  The food is very good and a decent value.  However, the frustration of dozens and dozens of screwed up orders, coupled with a very dangerous location where you are approached by panhandlers WHILE WAITING IN YOUR CAR in the drive-up, has left me as an ex-customer of Armandos.  Never again will they screw up burrito!  Is it really rocket science to make a frickin' burrito with ONLY CARNE ASADA AND CHEESE AND NOTHING ELSE???
3	Basic, generic Mexican kind-of-fast food restaurant, but like many of its brethren in that genre of eatery, it serves decent-quality stick-to-the-ribs fare. I do like the fact that they have a drive-in that's open way late at night, so that I can still get a tasty and substantial  dinner after a very late night at work.
3	Good Mexican food on the go.I get my lunches from here every now and again.  Very satisfactory food, but the drive-through speaker is kinda scary.
3	Good burritos! worth the try if your in the area.
4	Easy off and back on the freeway when you need to get your midnight burrito fix on this place fits the bill and does not cost you an arm and a leg
