5	A hole-in-the-wall...this is the place I go to to get my "mexican" fix.They know how to make carne asada burritos.  Nothing in it but the meat, rice, and beans.  I really do not like how the other joints throw in lettuce and tomatos.  Keep it simple.  And their horchata....YUMMY!!!
4	It's very small and it can be scary if your not familiar with the area BUT YOU' ll be fine service is great, food is a bit greasy but duh almost all Mexican food is. If you want a nice quick lunch this is your spot, if your expecting the most biggest or yummiest burrito in Vegas this isn't your place....now don't get me wrong their burritos are good but lacking compared to Cali but its Vegas sad to say Mexican (American) food sux here anyways. To get to the point don't expect a fat burrito, good quick food... And try the carne asada fries their very good unlike Roberto's yuuuuuuck, tortas are delicious!!
1	Horrible... Ordered carne asada tacos got mini tortillas filled with some sort of meat and nothing else. No sauce, no veggies, nothing. Make your own decision, but I would stay away.
4	We had excellent tortas in San Diego. We saw this place while we were in this neighborhood and we were hungry. They have "tortas" in their name so they would have good tortas, right?I wanted to try the Milaneza (breaded beef steak) torta but it wasn't available so I got the chorizo con huevo torta.  We also tried carne asada fries and al pastor torta.Chorizo con Huevo Torta and Al Pastor Torta::Comes with avocado, tomatoes and lettuce. Not enough meat and the bread was alright.  The chorizo torta had tiny pieces of chorizo and a fried egg. Quite spicy. The Al Pastor was tasty. 3.5/5Carne Asada Fries:The fries themselves were great. Crunchy and hot. Topped with sour cream, CHEEZ WIZ, carne asada and cotija cheese. I was going back and forth between liking it and not liking it. I was against the use of Cheez Wiz on this one because that's just not how you do carne asada fries. But does it taste good? Absolutely! 4/5Horchata:I haven't had horchata I didn't like. Their version is good but a bit sweeter and reminded me of cake icing for some reason. 3.5/5They have tables on the side and a a drive-through. It's nothing fancy and the area is not the best. CASH only.
4	I've had their food here before many years ago but forgot what it tasted like!  Decided it was time for a refresher!Started off with the Carne Asada Fries...eat your heart out Robertos! This was damn good actually...lots of melted cheese and plenty of Cotija on top...delicious!  One of the best versions I've had of this dish.Also had the Al Pastor Torta. Very good! Lots of flavor in the al pastor, and it was tender considering it's not rotisserie style. Portion was also large considering the cheap entry price! The Chorizo con Huevo Torta would be a good choice if you are craving breakfast food. Good flavor in the chorizo and the egg.Give em a shot if you are in the area :)Pics:
5	They are open all night which is great because I work night shift the tacos are small but full of flavor and try are cheap this place is 10xs better then Roberto's
1	The women at the drive thru took my order and when I got up to the window I waited about two min. She told me the total in Spanish.  So, I handed her my debit card. She said we only take cash. I said I don't have enough cash. She said ok, sorry. Make no since why she wouldn't tell me cash only when I ordered my food.
3	only down fall is cash only good Mexican tortas I ordered the carne asada it had carne asada, avocado, beans ,lettuce,tomato, mayo and hot sauce... they take a while to serve your food but it's pretty good
