5	Lynh's is my favorite alteration shop in town. She does amazing work from suits and dress shirts to your best pair of jeans.  I've taken all my jeans to her, she can do original stitch and make them look like they came from the store.  I've also taken some cheap and expensive dress shirts to her and time after time she delivers exceptional quality. Her prices are fantastic and her customer service is also great.  If you need something altered make sure you go see Lynh.
5	Review update for Linh's Alterations being my new iPhone discovery.  Linh's husband Danny is the iPhone tech.  He has actually setup his own office inside the alteration shop to handle all your iPhone needs.Now, I'm fairly well-rounded when it comes to my iPhone knowledge.  I can diagnose and treat almost any software issue known, however, hardware issues I'm lost.  This is where my buddy Danny comes into play.... He replaced my screen on my old iPhone and got her working in tip top shape.  His pricing is excellent (I searched) and his turnaround time is only about a day! This to complement Linh's excellent tailoring skills make them a winner in my book!
5	Oh no, my wife was in a wedding recently and about a week prior she tried on her Bridesmaid dress and it was too big... I offered to duct tape it like any good husband would and she said no like any good wife would. So I remembered Michael P. Recommending them for any alterations that I may have and he mentioned they are very very fast. So once Becky got over my Duct tape offer we headed to go see Lynh..... They measured her up, made the marks and said see you in two days!! I could not believe that it would be done that fast. As I waited for her I spotted the famous iPhone repair station her husband has set up in there, it was like a modern days Johnny 5 construction going on in there, he has stuff all over the place in there but in the 10 minutes we spent in there he had 2 happy customers come in and out so here's to you iPhone repair man!!!Whether you need your pants hemmed or your phone fixed this is the place to have it done.... If they are out of warranty already of coarse
5	Great alterations place! I was a bridesmaid in a wedding recently and like the good little procrastinator I am, needed to get the dress altered the week before the wedding.Based on the other Yelp reviews, I took my dress to this place.  The place isn't fancy but it does the job and well.  I need to shorten the hemline, take the straps in and decrease the width of the sash.  I was a little nervous about the pricing but was very relieved when it came out to $32!  $18 for the hemline, $8 for the straps and $6 for the sash!!!  They did a GREAT job; the seam was flawless.The guy who measured me was a little older and couldn't speak English that well, but we were able to communicate with a little pointing here and there. I will definitely continue to bring more clothes to be altered here!
4	The owner, Linh, is an adorable young lady in her late 20s who does not mind the wrong spelling of her name on the Yelp listing.  She also doesn't mind going out of her way to please the guests.  And according to the other Yelp reviews on here, she was not just exceptionally nice because I am also Vietnamese.Since moving to Vegas, I have taken all my clothes to Orange County (on visits to the parents) to be altered considering the significantly lower prices there.  However, once in while, you feel the desire to wear your new clothes immediately, and thus it's wonderful to have a place like Linh's so close to my home.  I brought two pairs of pants to Linh's to be hemmed at 3 pm on a Tuesday afternoon.  After some very mild convincing, Linh agreed to get them back to me by 3 pm the next afternoon on Wednesday, for a total of only $12 (which is higher than California prices but very reasonable for Las Vegas prices).  This would have surely gotten 5+ stars, except when I got there at 3:30 on Wednesday, they were not done yet and Linh asked me to return in half an hour.  She was extremely apologetic about it, which somewhat made up for the inconvenience. I definitely will return when I need something else altered next time.  Linh makes me feel like I am 4 years old helping out in my aunt's tailor shop again, a warm and fuzzy feeling.
5	This place is probably going to be my go-to alteration place.  Thank you, yelpers, for your great reviews!At first, I had a bit of a hard time finding it.  It's a little shop right by the Autozone on Maryland and Silverado Ranch; not in the Smith's or Albertson's complex (I learned the hard way haha!).I brought a cocktail dress in on Friday to be hemmed.  They said it would be done by Tuesday afternoon, but when I got there, it still wasn't ready.  No complaints here though!  I came in the next day and it was perfect.  I think a regular hemming is $12, but since there was a lining on the dress, it was $15.  I'm pretty happy with their work!  If you need any alterations done, you should definitely give this place a go!
4	This place its absolutely wonderful because their work is precise. I have come here a couple of times and they always make my alterations look like they were made to my height. I'm a short filippina so I have to hem practically everything so I go here. The price is about $7 to $15 depends on what you need of course I got a few dresses hemmed at $10 bucks a pop which is a bit much in my opinion. I'm used to $5 or $7 but that was in CaliforniaI do have only one issue: time--- they have told me a day to pick up and when I came in they needed an extra hour. So, now I call in advance and see if they need more time, just to afford having to come back and use up the gas (gotta save a little money for that gas tank right?) Overall, great place, good location, need to work on pick-up time but still better then alot of places I've been to.
4	Took a braidsmaid dress to get altered there because it fit a bit too big. The boutique where I bought the dress was going to charge me $48 just to have it taken in.  I came to Linhs on my fellow yelpers advice, and found that the prices, unlike my dress, fit me much better. Linh only charged me 30 for everything (taking it in and for hemming). The service was great for the initial fitting, but when I went to pick up my dress, we were both surprised to find that it still wasn't ready, so I think they rushed the hemming. The dress looks fine, but my critical eyes detect a slightly uneven hem line. Like I said, the dress looks and fits good, but its those little things that knock this review from a five to a four. I would take my stuff in again, just because I liked the place and the people, and I liked what they did for the most part. Next time I may tell them to take as much time as they need tho. Lol.
4	Oh the dreaded bridesmaid dress....not only is it ugly, it also doesn't fit...and guess what you don't necessarily want to spend another $70 for alterations....the solution is Linh's Fashion Alterations!!  Recently, I had a bright pink bridesmaids dress with a bow altered for only $35!  And this was no simple alteration, the dress had an inner lining/pockets and it was hemmed and taken in on the bottom and top part of the dress.I've also brought pants/jeans to be hemmed, seeing that I am vertically challenged.  Keeping the original hem is $15 and $10 for a regular hem job.   Only downside, one star off for timeliness in having the work done.  I've gone at the time and date specified with the work not being completed.  To circumvent this little issue....just call in a few hours earlier to remind them you are coming.  Even that may be difficult....sometimes the gentleman that picks up the phone doesn't speak English.....However, I would still recommend this place due to the quality of work for a very reasonable price.
5	I've got a closet full of suits, and I must have been to dozens of tailors for them all.  Lihn is the best BY FAR.People are always asking me where to get alterations (I'm kind of the suit guy) and I always say to go to Lihn.  Always the cheapest, sometimes by half!  Always great work too.I'm a short guy, so every one of my 30+ suits have been altered.  Even though I moved across town, I still make the trip here once a week for whatever I need.  THANK YOU Lihn!
5	I found this place on Yelp & so glad I did. I had four bridesmaids that needed their dresses altered and each had a very tight budget. The dresses were made of a delicate material and I was nervous about them being altered by anyone other than the company that made them, but they wanted over $85 a dress which was out of the question. I came into Linh's with my girls and she charged $20 a hem and $10 to take in.  I was nervous about how cheap it was, but when we picked up the dresses they were perfect! Actually, she hemmed them better than the original hem! I had an out of town bridesmaid and they rushed her dress and had it ready the day after she dropped it off, which was awesome. If there are any brides out there looking for cheap, good quality alterations, come here!
4	This place did a great job on my pants. :) I had to replace a Zipper and hem 4 pairs of   Jeans.
2	Will not be back. The price for taking in a shirt was pretty expensive, it wasn't until I almost walked out to shop at other places that they dropped the price. And then when I came to pick up and try it on the shirts were still loose. When I was fitted, they were fit to my shape. Clearly the fitting has nothing to do with the final outcome.  They offered to fix it but I'm on a time crunch because they are for work. Don't waste your time getting your alterations here they can't get it right the first time.
5	I found this place from Yelp. It was right down the street from my house. Had mostly good reviews so I thought i would try it. I dropped two dresses off there. One had a broken zipper, the other needed taken in for a wedding I was attending. The staff was friendly and the girl who was pinning the dress did a nice job, didn't poke me once! They said the dresses would be ready in a week. When I came back to try it on, the alterations were perfect and the dress fit like a glove. You couldn't even tell I had anything done to it. I was so pleased. And the zipper on the other dress is great, they even added one of those hooks at the top that make zipping a dress up in the back much easier! I will definitely bring anything else I need altered here.
5	The sweet ladies at Linh's saved my wedding day! I got fitted for my wedding dress in Huntington Beach 1 month before the wedding day. I lost 5 lbs by the time I picked it up 2 days before I was suppose to leave for Vegas. The bodice was too loose...and made me look bigger/wider then i really am. Mind you, it cost me over $200 to shorten the dress and add a bushel at Davids Bridal...There was no way I was going to spend more money on alterations there (although the seamstress at DB did a great job). I couldn't justify spending any more monry on my dress. I did an online search for same-day alterations in Vegas and found Linhs. I was worried because some people said it wasn't as cheap as the tailors in OC... and I was quoted $120 to tighten the bodice of (another) dress at a dingey tailor in Little Saigon. I called Linhs 4 days before my wedding.  The lady asked me to call back in 5 mins because she was with a costumer. I ended up getting second thoughts about altering the dress and did not call back. But I guess they had my # on caller ID and they called me back anyway!  I am SO glad they did!!!! I brought my dress in at 10am the day before my wedding. The shop was bright and clean with several employees.  To take in the bodice they quoted me $30!!!! I was SHOCKED! For same day service! DB charged $40 just to RUSH an alteration. After further inspection they saw my dress had 3 layers and told me it would be $40 (not $30). It was still such an amazeballs deal. I was grinning from ear to ear. They told me it would be ready by 5 and if it still didn't fit, they would fix it before they close at 6. They ended up being ready at 2! Thank you so much!!!! My wedding was perfect and my dress looked BEAUTIFUL! Thank God for the ladies at Linh's! Ill upload photos of the finished product.
5	I'm not from Las Vegas so finding a dry cleaners the day before Christmas Eve was hard.  I dry cleaned 17 shirts, 2 polos, & a sweater dress for under $35.  I got my dry cleaning the day of Christmas Eve which was awesome and shr also repaired my Uggs boots too.  I would definitely go back again! They were super friendly and my dry cleaning was spectacular!
5	I've been coming here for over a year.  The service is great!  Very personable and efficient.   Next day dry cleaning is always on point.  Price is fair and they do a great job.  Would recommend to anyone
4	Found this place via the high rating on yelp. Great service and a decent price. the back of my skirt ripped and figured this would be the place to go!I was quoted one price and waited 10-15 mins and she was done, but then I went to pay and they charged me an additional dollar for the lining. I don't really understand why I had to pay extra, even a dollar, for something that she had seen originally and gave me another price.The service was quick, but I had to go back because the lining was sewn too tight and didn't lay flat on my leg, it bunched. At first they didn't believe me, but I tried it on and showed them.Having to go back and have them rip out part of the lining they charged me an additional dollar made the 5 star rating a 4.
5	I've been coming to this spot for all my alteration needs and for sure this is the spot. Service is super friendly and quick - the lovely ladies remember you if you go often. I got my bridesmaid dress altered here and from there I've brought all the girls from my bridal party and husband in. They also do dry cleaning! Always happy with their services.
5	This year for my senior homecoming I bought a dress that was 4 sizes too big for me and I went to a ton of alteration places to see if they could fix it and alter it back to my size but they all said they "couldn't do it" Finally, a week before the dance someone recommended Linhs Alterations to me and I had nothing to lose so I went in and they said it was no problem! I was so happy a few days later I came back in and they did the impossible and the dress was 100% perfect! After that I went to Linhs for all my cheer uniforms to be altered and even my mom got some jackets altered and of course they did an amazing job on everything and for a decent price.Recently I had been looking everywhere for a prom dress for my senior prom and the one I wanted was $875 and sadly I don't just have that type of money laying around. Eventually my mom suggested getting a dress made at Linhs Alteration. At first I was very skeptical about it but I showed them the dress I originally wanted and they said that it was no problem. I didn't believe it would turn out so I was really stressing. Yesterday I went in and they finished it! It was PERFECT. It literally looked better than the $875 dress I had wanted to begin with. It is the most gorgeous dress I have ever seen! All my friends said I definitely will have the best dress this Saturday for prom and I agree! I HIGHLY recommend Linhs alterations I swear they are miracle workers.
5	Great work! We ordered a dress online & it was nothing like we thought it would be. Took it here not expecting anything more than some basic alterations....little did we know the dress was revamped exactly the way we hoped it would be. The seamstress Diem was very helpful & her work was EXCELLENT!!
2	Here it goes...I came in to drop off 2 shirts and a table cloth.I wanted the buttons switched from gold to silver on 2 shirts....I had called and was told to buy them and bring the shirts in so I did. When I first walked in I said I wanted the buttons switched and shirts dry cleaned. They looked at the shirts and buttons and said OK.  Then they wrote my ticket and said $24 to replace buttons. I asked If that included the dry cleaning and the lady got snooty with me as if I had never mentioned dry cleaning. She then pulled out a price list and it was about three dollars per shirt and added it up to $30 to replace buttons on 2 shirts and dry clean. I said I would like matching thread on the buttons. She said that typically is what she tries to do, but then wrote it on the invoice.Next, I wanted to have a tablecloth for my job dry cleaned. I asked how much and they began speaking to each other in another language and then quoted me $50. I said no thank you the place I go to only charges $15. Immediately, she said okay will do it for 15. I said no, because I felt like she was acting as if I was trying to bargain on her prices. I had already paid for my personal shirts at this point otherwise I probably would not have left my shirts with them either. It was the principle at that point... $50 to $15 in seconds... after speaking in another language when you spoke English  my entire visit.... Neither of the women could decide when my items would be ready. I had previously called and they said that the buttons could be done while I waited that day. However, they do not do the dry cleaning at their location. I was told I would be able to pick them up the next day. I said that was no problem, but one woman seem to be concerned with the limited amount of time. I said how about two days from now. We all agreed that would be best.Today, I went to pick up my shirts. One looks fine the other looks like crap. There are strings hanging from where the new buttons were put on and it is somewhat wrinkled. I asked if it was drycleaned and he said yes.The man was very nice and said he would fix it, but I'm going out of town tomorrow.  I can't have them wreck it anymore or keep it any longer as it is 4pm and I fly out at 10 am tomorrow.Unfortunately,  due to the outrageous price quote,  attitude, and quality of work I will not be returning. Such a shame, because I was so happy to finally find somewhere good based off of the reviews.
4	I've been searching for an alterations place with hours that work with my busy schedule and was thrilled to find Linh's Fashion Alterations was no only just a mile or so away from me, but open until 7pm!  After reading mostly glowing reviews, I headed over with a dress that I needed to be taken in.  I must have drove past it twice, as It's a little tucked away in a small plaza, but once I  went inside, was immediately greeted by Linh, and had my fitting , I was already looking forward to seeing the finished product.  Both Linh and the lady who pinned my dress during the fitting knew exactly what I wanted even when I was unsure how it would be done given the dress has ruching along the sides.  I arrived back a week later and was encouraged to try the dress on to see the results.  It was perfect!  All the same ruching now in a  nice, form fitting silhouette.  I will absolutely be back!
1	Linh's has fallen and they have fallen fast.  I hate to change my reviews, but since 2011 a few things have occurred.  The last time I dropped a dress off to be hemmed, the price was still reasonable $15 for a one layer dress. The big BUT is that they stained my dress with some sort of oil splatter on the front. My guess is sewing machine oil.  When I pointed it out, they were like oh it will come out when you wash it.  No apology, just that it would wash out.  I was livid...they did offer to dry clean it since they have dry cleaner services there after they saw how angry I was.  But I needed the dress for that day....so that wasn't going to work.  The dress has been dry cleaned and the stain is still there, so in other words they ruined my dress =(.  As I was discussing the stain with the ladies working there, I noticed one of the seamstresses working on a dress chowing down on a big ice cream cone.....I can already picture another stain forming on another dress.  I vowed not to come back because I was so angry....but cheap prices generally make me more forgiving, especially since it wasn't their craftsmanship I had a problem with.Fast forward to this past weekend, I needed a 3 layered dress hemmed.  I decided to get a quote from Linh's...$60 for the work.  I then also got a quote from Phuong's who is literally down the street....half the cost.  I think I've found a new alterations place to go to...I have yet to get the dress back from Phuong's, so that will be the determining factor.  However, please be wary of Linh's.  When Linh was actually still working there and doing all the work, there was some sense of pride for the work.  Right now there are some random older Vietnamese ladies working there.  Also, it really seems random the quotes they offer for the work....do yourself a favor and run down the street to get a comparison before going with Linh's.
5	Seriously extraordinary! My wedding is a week away and I had my reception dress which even after alterations at David's Bridal they said they couldn't fix.. it fit horrible. Well, I had already gone to Linh's to get my Chinese dress alteres, which again they did an amazing job with, and figured I'd take a shot and see if they could do anything. Well they could and they did... and it was something so simple that I am so shock that the people at David's Bridal couldn't event do it. MUST come here for everything.  They know what they're doing!!!
5	I've had nothing but properly hemmed pants and clean, dry cleaned clothes from this place. Linh's is a great shop and I've had no problems with them. It's cheap and they're very quick with getting your clothes back to you.
4	I just had some dry cleaning done here. It's right by my parents house so I dropped off my work top to be ready for the next day. It was ready on time, smells good, seems clean enough. Put me back $3.50 for one top. Ouch. Only thing that really bothered me was they seemed a little unorganized. Clothes on chairs, basically all over the place, and it took the girl a few minutes to find my top. Other than that, service was good enough, the ladies there seemed friendly and if I'm in the area I might be back.
5	Have 2 dress alterations done in July and they were pretty intricate dresses and they did a wonderful job!!! They were very friendly and fast. Going back again to get another dress altered.
