4	Continuing on my hunt for the quality poutine spots in Montreal I had an opportunity to visit Poutineville last night with some friends.The awesome:- the order form that made me feel like I was taking an exam back in university, but seriously the variety of options and the "design your own poutine" thing was very cool (image: http://www.flickr.com/photos/infuzion_photography/5915972212/in/photostream)- funky lamps, comfy booths and decor in the restaurant- my friend Julie getting a super cool surprise from the owner (I won't spoil it in case Poutineville want to offer it again sometime) because she had tweeted about the restaurant earlier. I just LOVE that they have an active presence on social media - facebook and twitter. Way to connect! The poutine:- I ordered the classic and it was good. I particularly loved the fries they used. The cheese (grains frais) wasn't my fave (I like it super squeaky) but combined with the super fries and poutine maison sauce, worked nicely.- I tried a bit of Julie's order (onions, peppers, tomatoes and bacon) and it was yummy. Overall:I see now why people rave about this place. It's definitely worth checking out.
5	Great fun place. Good service friendly and helpful. Been there twice yummy poutines of course but the ribs and burgers were juicy yummy as well. Do yourself a favor and always say yes to the coleslaw it is the best I've had anywhere and I don't usually like coleslaw.
5	excellent service-- server spoke english and french and also gave us some tips on places to see and visit. the owner made sure we were happy with our food choices and overall was entertaining and very friendly. food- ask for the specials and definitely go for the house potatoes vs usual french fries. you can order the original poutine or you can build  and customize your own, which is a lot of fun!they also serve alcohol here which is a bonus. ambiance is fun and very trendy. parking is easy to find.
5	My class was about to graduate so we went down the street to Poutineville to celebrate. They offered free beer to me because I called to make a reservation for a large group (I don't drink beer so I got a nutella pizza dessert instead, yum!)They give you a menu where you check the boxes off for your choices, and for the amount of people we were, the food came quite fast. Service was excellent, food was amazing, everything went very well. It's a little pricey but you get a lot of poutine.
4	Although I am a resident of Poutineville, aka Montreal, I honestly don't eat poutine very often. Perhaps once every six months. I mean, I like to keep my belly rolls down to a minimum of three. Anyways, this place recently made a "Best Eats" list so a few friends and I decided to see if its rating was legit. I have to say, I was pretty excited about the fact that you get to check off not only the kind of potatoes you want, but also what kind of cheese, meat, veggies, and sauce you want. And, you get to use a big fat pencil to do the ticking. As a result, I was delighted, and I swear that pencil is now NOT sitting on my desk at home. After a wee think, I decided on my own special poutine, which I must admit, was not very adventurous. However, I did get to witness a friend order cut up Pogo's on his, so I momentarily lived vicariously through him (see line about keeping my belly rolls to a min. of 3).The poutine was great, the service was super, and in six months when it's time for me to get my poutine fix, I may just avoid the Plateau's poutine hot spot (we all know where I mean) and return to the coolest poutine place in the land - Poutineville!
3	Frankly, this is more of the "let's go have a weird poutine" place than a "let's go have a good poutine" place. If you feel like experimenting, why not. But if you feel like having a delicious simple poutine, you'll probably end up underwhelmed like me. The Good+1 for the giant poutine. Neat idea;+1 one star for having lots and lots of weird poutine options for poutine affectionados like me -- sliced pogo?! Why didn't i think of this before;+1 for having a simpler menu for novices;+1 providing free samples of their "patates ecrasees" (tried them - not for me).The Bad-2 for the terribly slow service at 2PM on a Friday afternoon (10min to get somebody at the table - there was 10 people in the restaurant, and then 20min more for the poutine)-1 for the quite tasteless regular gravy (911 had a little kick, and was much better, but nothing to write home about)-1 for the luke-warm patates, and not having so much cheese.
5	We went here for our inaugural poutine experience. Did not disappoint! Great food. Great atmosphere. Great for a nice night out.
4	It would be sacreligious to visit Montreal without getting some poutine. I've had a few poutine experiences throughout Canada and even visited some wannabe places in the States. They are typically hole in the walls, but what would you expect when ordering fries topped with gravy and cheese?I was pleasantly surprised to find that Poutineville was a pretty nice restaurant. And even more pleasantly surprised to discover that they let you make your own poutine. You get to pick the fries, type of sauce, toppings, etc. This place should be renamed Poutine Heaven! Speaking of heaven they also serve fried pickles here, which is every pregnant woman's dream. I was happy that our waiter spoke English so he could help me navigate this new poutine world. I chose sweet potato fries, red wine sauce, a variety of vegetable toppings and even some bacon.  It was absolutely delicious! The red wine sauce was a bit gravyish for my taste, but guess that's to be expected since poutine is typically topped with gravy sauce.One of my dining companions mentioned she was never able to finish the massive "small" order of poutine, but have to admit I did a good job finishing mine thanks to the future linebacker currently living my stomach.
5	Wastin away again in Poutineville,Searching for toppings, I can't halt,Some claim that it's a woman's mind to blameBut I know it's probably our fault.This is what happens when you have 3 women go to Poutineville, It took us a good 20 minutes to order, with one who clearly knew what she wanted, another trying to decide which would be the best choice, and then me, who doesn't often deviate from the original version.  During our indecisiveness, the first kept piling on the choose your own toppings in the "Create Your Own", the Second one gets it just right, with a lot of spice, and I decided to be daring, and add sweet potato fries, and mushrooms to my curds and original sauce. Our server was lovely, and although I had heard much about the place, I just don't find myself over in that area to go, so for my first time visit, I was pleased as a poutine. In case you're wondering about what my first friend chose:Regular fries, braised beef, mushrooms, red wine sauce, with curds, mozzarella, and peas. (She's from Vancouver)2nd: Italian Sausage, spicy peppers, sweet potato fries, 3 pepper sauce, curdsOh and ps they have a $70 poutine on the menu featuring 5lbs of fries and I can't remember what else, because I was too busy trying to think of what 5lbs of fries would look like. But, go. try it. Great service, patient, and I don't think of poutine as being weird here really, it's just a twist on the classic, and I stayed close to the classic, and it was yummy!
5	Oh. My. God. (Can i stop the review there? Doesn't that just sum it up?)...The poutine was AMAZING!!!!! I went there for poutine week and every bite I had was better than the last.. the Montrealais poutine was to die for.. expecially with the fried pickle it came with. I still have dreams about it...
5	Meilleure Poutine du monde. Super service
4	You know... I put off going here entirely too long. The name alone should have spoken to my romantic side years ago. I tried 2 different poutines that were very different from one another. 2 thumbs up! I'll be returning next time I find myself in a deep depression and in the need of a comforting fat induced coma. Sure they have vegetarian burgers and a warm goat cheese salad, but what for?
5	This place is by far the best place to go in Montreal for poutine.  I love how they offer you a selection of poutines and the chance to build your own.
5	What more needs to be said? Best poutine in town bar none. Service fast and friendly.  Soda served in cans and bottles instead that watered down crap too many joints try to serve you with.This place is unique in the way you can either order preset templates of poutine off the menu or you can customize a poutine EXACTLY THE WAY YOU WANT IT.Seriously, why isn't this done at more places?If you never have had poutine here before... fix that.
2	Other than having multiple options and a build your own poutine, it's very ordinary poutine. Not the mindblowing experience everyone raves about.  La Banquise still owns.
4	This place is good!My boyfriend ordered the house special with the red-wine and beef. It was unique, a little bitter from the wine, if you like that.I custom-made a poutine. After tasting mine, I think a good combination would have been sweet potato + cheese curds + bacon + onions.Service was fast and friendly at 2 am on a touristy Friday.
4	Having lived down the street from Poutineville for more than a year, my wife and I finally decided to go in. Being fans of poutine we couldn't understand what took us so long to pay them a visit.Poutineville is the Field of Dreams of Poutine. Essentially, if you build it, they will make it. You can either choose from one of there many preset poutine formats (I didn't even see the General Tao poutine, until I was leaving, but it will be my next order) or you can build your own, which is what my wife and I did. I went with the 3 pepper gravy, goat's cheese, fromage en grain, minced beef, mushrooms, and matchstick fries.The waitress we had was super nice and explained to us how it works to build your very own poutine. The service was super quick and very friendly.I now need to find 10 friends to come back to the restaurant with me so we can order the 5 pound poutine.
3	I thought this place was going to knock my socks off with some sort of gourmet poutine.  I mean it was good but it didn't jump out at me as being THAT much better than any other poutine that I have had, in my albeit limited poutine eating lifetime.  I mean I would go here again if I was in the area, but I wouldn't go out of my way like I did this time to go.  Serving size was good and it really hit the spot.  We went here right before heading over to Dieu Du Ciel so it was the perfect meal to offset the copious amount of beer that we enjoyed that evening.
4	Apres quelques visites, je peux affirmer que le service est toujours excellent. Bon choix de biere et la sangria est bonne aussi. La poutine est excellente, les patates maison sont parfaites. Il n'y a pas de resto offrant un plus grand choix d'excellente poutine. J'y vais des que le temps me le permet.
4	It's really hard to go wrong here. The choices can be a bit daunting because there's the option of building your own poutine. I opted to go with the "Poutineville" as it was the most popular dish (according to my waitress).As a first time visitor, I appreciated the fact that I was walked through the different ordering choices and, most importantly, shown the dishes that a regular and large are served in. I opted for the regular which was more than enough, but I still finished it. The red wine sauce was phenomenal!
5	Amazing poutine! definitely a place to go.If you're a big group you should try the heart attack/crise cardiaque poutine it's huge and tastes good.Good place to customize your poutine.
1	Quality went down, there is no cheese in my poutine!!! Poutineville is a screw now!!! Junk
1	Ok so decided to try this local place tonight, we were 4 people and boy oh boy after we had to wait  over 1 hour for 4 simple poutine, we got up and had to leave unacceptable! The manager just shrug her shoulders no apology at all. The place was reasonably busy buy there was no reason to have to wait so long! They will never see me there again. Very unprofessional! Over hyped & over priced. Not worth the time
4	Thoroughly enjoyed this place.. Ordered "The Poutineville" -  fries, braised beef, gravy, cheese curds. Can't go wrong with that.   Also tried the "Filet Mignon", very good  as well, but I liked the the Poutineville more. I would imagine this place is the best at 2:00 AM after a night of drinks, though it made for a great lunch with a beer.
4	Meilleure resto de poutine pour les garnitures variees et les grosses portions! Les frites ecrasees sont trop bonnes, mais la sauce est ordinaire. Le reste sur le menu est pas mal, j'ai essaye les burgers et rien a redire! Mon conseil, manger une poutine sur mesure! Ca vaut la peine.
4	How the hell is Montreal not a huge mess of overweight gravy, cheese curd, filled French Canadians?! The portions here are crazy (and I'm from America).
2	We were expecting to find foie gras poutine on the menu but it wasn't. The ambiance was very dirty and cheap feeling and the fries were of poor quality. It was very filling and good food if you are drunk but I will probably not go back there.
3	I had been wanting to try Poutineville for ages, and constantly put it off until my decisive friends made the move for me. First off, I feel I didn't do Poutineville justice. I think this is the place you go to when you're already very clear about what poutine is, how you like yours, what you want it to taste like. You should go there and think "I'mnna have a weird poutine", and be firm in your resolve.I didn't do that. I half-assedly odered the sampler: one small sweet potato fries/ pepper sauce and one small crushed potato fries with wine sauce. My friends on the other hand went all out with extra pogos and all-veggie and whatnot. So I recommend the sweet potatoes but, with wine sauce. The pepper sauce is much too salty actually and kills it all. I thought the cheese lacked in squeakiness. The bowls went cold quickly. It was all very okay. BUT, if you get funky with your order, then your meal becomes a perpetual hide-and-seek and things are wonderful! So you do that. And don't throw away a good poutine, they do doggy-bags..
2	Semi overrated.... friends ordered large platters around $15. A $20 order and would give you left overs for tomorrow. Didnt seem like they had as many toping offers as rumour has it. First time for me there so ordered $11 sampler.. should have been $5 it was small and just plane poutine. The cheese wasnt even melted as the gravy wasnt hot enough. Their crushed fries are the good and sweet potatoes. Small glasses of water with super slow and unorganized waiters.ambience was basic and blah. Something to try once and order the full big meal and decide yourself if its worth it. Im not going back.
3	Went here when I was in Montreal mid-August. I liked that they had many options for poutine and that you could get chunks of potatoes instead of fries (a really nice switch). I had the Zeus poutine and it was pretty good. The toppings were abundant and the gyro meat was above average. The servings are huge though, so I would recommend splitting something if you visit. It is basic fast food, but I think something did not agree with me when I was here. Maybe it's just poutine in general, but it did give me some heart burn and a tummy ache. I might have got my fill for a lifetime.
4	Not as good as others but still satisfying! I enjoy the option of creating it all by yourself and the sweet potato fries are delish!
2	WHAT HAPPENED??????I went there for a late night (or VERY early morning poutine). Ordered the Montrealais (like I had done the previous time and thought I had died and gone to heaven) and was BEYOND disappointed... it makes me sad just thinking about how sad I was when I was eating the sad poutine.....The fries were ice cold, I think they forgot our gravy (we had ZERO gravy in our takeout dish) and the cheese wasn't melted at all. It was a hard lump of goop. My deep fried pickle was a soggy limp mess. I'm sad... Very sad.... :(Maybe they had a bad night?
