4	even with the GVJOR this park is really nice...right now. but i think considering how active the area is, this will not become a bum-park. very nice place to just chill and have a picnic. ohh yea, the artist for the GVJOR is Janet Echelman an artist from Boston, and this artwork cost aprox 2.5 million. but i think we got a nice park out of it either way.
5	I will never like the jellyfish for many reasons, but I can't help but fall in love with the beautiful park space that lies just beneath it.  This area is a great mixture of grass, rock landscaping, a little bit of rolling hills and plenty of trees that will one day mature into something impressive.  On the south end of the park there is a totally awesome light pillar thing that is very cool to check out.  I only saw a couple transients, thankfully, and for the most part the people in the park seemed to be ASU students reading in the grass.  I wish this had opened a couple months earlier so I could have enjoyed it longer, but at least I can still hang out here at 9:00 at night.  The only drawback is that there is a large amount of smokers that like to chill here.  Eww.
5	Right across the street from my house is the new park and boy is it awesome!  I love everything about it.  The "Her Secret is Patience" sculpture, the light pillars, the solar panels that offset the park's energy use, the hills, the chess/checker tables, and the rehab of one of my favorite buildings.  Everything about this park makes you want to go there.  In a few years, those trees will be full and cover almost 75% of the park.  Tons of shade, tons of grass, and tons of love for the new Civic Space Park.
5	amazing. fantastic. my favorite place in phoenix.
5	People seem to have fallen in love with this controversial park. It's another addition to downtown, as Phoenix works to improve the central city and revitalize the area. The most prominent feature is the massive sculpture that hangs over the park. Supposedly a "cactus flower" I've heard it likened to everything from jellyfish to tornado to vagina. It's interesting to see in the day, albeit a bit of an eyesore, but the park's real potential comes out at night when the LED pillars and sculpture are lit. Darkness hides the support system and the sculpture appears to float over the city. You will notice the various colors on it by day, but the night lights make them glow and contrast each other. It is definitely a unique addition to downtown Phoenix.
5	i love this place.i hate the 'artwork'.haven't had a picnic here yet. was too hot by the time it was down to really throw down a proper style picnic. (although i'd probably feel guilty, as they're a lot of bums around...)
5	First off, I LOVE LOVE LOVE "Her Secret is Patience." (i.e. "the jellyfish" or whatever you want to call it.) It's bold, it's beautiful, and it did exactly what public art is supposed to do: It brought people together to talk. Before it was even built people were talking about it. The best time to see it is at night when it glows. I can't keep my eyes off it when the wind blows through it and the netting gently and quietly dances in the air. I love it in the day time too. The artwork is one of the best elements of this park.I just wish this park had a better name. I mean, c'mon, "Civic Space Park"? Could that be more lame?! Why not Sky Bloom Park? I know that's not what the floating sculpture is called, but it's what the media called it, and I think it sounds cool. The restoration of the AE England building is marvelous. Fair Trade is great to have there. And what about the big, grassy knoll in downtown Phoenix!? I never thought I'd see the day when there was an actual space in downtown that wasn't a parking lot. Everything about this park was done right (except the name, but I guess I can deal with it.)
5	This place is so unbelievably cool. In a city desperate for arts, this is perfect! "Her Secret is Patience" is a bold statement for downtown, a sign of youth, renaissance, and complexity. It's serenity and over-looming stature make it something to admire. I wish more public spaces in the Valley were this awesome. It's worth checking out, even if it's not your taste in art, you've got to admit it's pretty interesting. Be sure to see at at night too! Lot's of beautiful colors accent the homogenized office buildings. :)
4	Well, I live down the street from this park at 44 Monroe so it's just a block away from me. And it's a refreshing place given the surroundings of a semi urban jungle, that being in lieu of the handful of bums that live there shouting profanities at every passerby as if you've had a life long vendetta with them. For the longest while I'd referred to the jellyfish but after the curiosity got the best of me I'd researched that it emulates the desert winds which cost about 2 million dollars to make. WTH is up with AZ and spending their taxpayers money on giant jellyfish at parks and teacups on freeways. However, the park is a refreshing patch of green color in such a monochromatic city. Plus they host cute little musical shows and food trucks, & who can pass up chilling in the grass listening to some jams while chowing down on some delicious, greasy truck food.
5	I'm from Chicago, so its safe to assume I'm a bit of a city snob.Or so I used to be!I am so impressed with how downtown Phoenix is coming to life! This Civic Space Park is amazing! I love the weird thing in the sky (my theory is it's the leftover DNA from Aeon Flux), I have listened to some great music here, and the AE English Building is home to free yoga in the summer on Thursdays!  The Fair Trade cafe downstairs is just awesome if you like local businesses! (If you don't, why are you reading?)There is parking all around, plenty of free and inexpensive options. The lightrail is practically on top of the park, making it very accessible.It's actually a park, with trees and grass and everything! Great place for a date, for families, or just yourself! There's even a splash pad with colored lights at night that kids can enjoy.
4	As often as I am downtown I'm surprised I had not been here sooner. I stopped by here today for a neighborhood book exchange. The park was beautiful and had quite a bit of shade. I was surprised to see so many different people just hanging out enjoying the park in the middle of downtown. Parking was a pain. I lost count of how many circles I drove looking for parking. I suggest not looking for something close just park where you can and walk.
4	Lovely place to admire at night, especially the "Her Secret Is Patience" installment. It changes with the wind and does have a pretty glow about it at night. The park itself is well-maintained, well lit and seems to have security around at all times. Lots of places to sit on the grass and there's a good bustle of college students nearby as well.Parking can be a bit of a struggle as there is street parking, but it's free. Definitely a great place to spend time or even just to stare at this artwork during the warm Phoenix nights.
