2	Not entirely impressed with Golden Spoon...I've definitely had better yogurt and toppings. Plus I feel really gross after eating it - the reason this review is getting 2 stars instead of just 1 is they do give you a golden spoon to eat with, which I think is cute :)
5	Golden spoon is the best thing ever. Anyone watching their weight who still loves food and indulging in something delicious will adore Golden Spoon. My favorite: Cake Batter!!!
4	This place is pretty good for a cheap, quick dessert.  The yogurt tastes pretty good, the toppings are plentiful, and they always have some good frozen yogurt flavors.  Try the toffee yogurt, it's great.  They're also more than willing to let you sample as many flavors as you want.Just one note, I know the large is only $0.50 more than the small, but don't do it!  That's a lot of frozen yogurt, and nobody needs to eat that much frozen yogurt.
4	you can get multiple flavors in one cup. Good flavor, very creamy frozen yogurt.
5	I don't know when exactly it started, but it feels like self-serve frozen yogurt shops have popped up all over the valley like an infestation. And in a world filled with this fad, it's a shame that there aren't more place like Golden Spoon. Not only is the quality of Golden Spoon better than the self service places, but you get so much more for your money (both yogurt and toppings). This place was clean, the service was fast and friendly. Prices are very cheap, and there's a big range in sizes. Stick to the smaller ones, believe me, they still give you a lot. Another tip, make some creative decisions. My girlfriend had them mix pumpkin pie with graham cracker. It really tasted like real pumpkin pie.And if you've never been to a Golden Spoon before...Yes, the plastic spoons are gold.
3	This review is for this location only (as when I told some friends about my experience they said they didn't have the same at other locations). So I went here a couple nights ago with the BF because I really wanted some froyo and they are open fairly late. I wanted to get froyo with fruit on top. Well, we get there and come to find out, they did not have ANY fresh fruit toppings. Only chocolate, candy, nuts, and other toppings of that nature. First of all, I was disappointed because their website says they have fruit toppings and that was what I was really wanting to eat, but second of all, I think it doesn't make sense to have a place that is all 'non fat, low fat' but then only offer super fatty toppings. I don't mind that it isn't self serve, but I honestly prefer those places for their topping variety. I do, however, like that this place is more portion controlled, and instead of everyone getting a quart sized container, they offer everything from a mini container to a large...kind of nice.  I got the latte flavored froyo and it was good, just not what I wanted. So I would say if you are looking for ice cream substitute - this is your place! If you are looking for good froyo (read: tart froyo or other flavors that are more like yogurt) head over to a self serve place instead.
