5	Well, seeing as I sport the bargain queen crown, I MUST share my love for Ross Dress for Less..... ALL locations..... I could make a day just driving to every location across town to see what little treasure I could unearth...... LOVE to go here..... certain locations know me by name and get worried about me if they haven't seen me in a week.... sometimes they even call me to answer questions when they are doing inventory :)  :)  :).... well, they could.....   okay, back to the point.... I''m a rambler.....  Doesn't matter if you are looking for fine jewelry, shoes, underwear or egg timers.... Ross has it!  The actual fun of it is you never know what you will find from week to week.... (tip: they get shipments in on Tuesday nights....)  sometimes I find myself shaking and rubbing the crook of my arm desperate for a Ross fix.... I'm terrified they may have just the exact piece of brick a brack I'm needin' and I'll miss it....... If they had groceries it would be truly one stop shopping.... of course, that would just be gross.... again, I ramble.....  You can find clothes, shoes, jewelry, purses, toys, homegoods, furniture, art, kitchen ware, hell, I even found a sink there once!  Take a LOT a smellin' salts with you when you go, cause' the shamefully low prices on everything will definitely give you the "vapahs".......
1	I have found some bargains at Ross Dress For Less at Boca Park in Las Vegas however, the customer service is ALWAYS terrible. Most of the sales associates can't understand me because I speak fluent English. They are NEVER able to help me find anything because after all......they just WORK there.  Today, my son and I asked a gentleman if they had any Bow Ties. He was absolutly clueless as to what I was asking. Instead of helping me locate them or asking another associate he said he didn't know and then proceeded to point to a table with women's jewelry and said they were right there. I told him that a bow tie was a man's item and he shrugged his shoulders and walked off!
4	I went here on our way from Vegas to Death Valley.  I needed some new flops for the trip and beyond, as well as a pot for the upcoming camp site.  Ross was a good stop.  I got a nice pot for $7 and some Fox flops for $10.-1 star because the aisles here are too narrow.  kind of a cluster f**k trying to walk around in this place.Overall, good place, better deals.
3	I shop at this Ross when I need to find a quick gift for someone.  It seems to have a nicer selection in their housewares section than most of their stores in Vegas.....so, when I'm in a pinch and need a gift, I stop here.The store is relatively clean compared to some of the other ones in town.  It does get very busy though and the lines can be atrocious.  Not much else to say about the store....it's a Ross.Will I come back?  Chances are good.
3	Sometimes you can find some great stuff here. I once found a metal dish drainer that helped me organize a clients clip-on earing collection so she could see what she had and see all of them hanging in one place!There are items that you can use to organize things that were originally made for another purpose!
4	Sweet baby hayzeus! ROOOOSSSSS!!!So, I've been to many a Ross, and lemme tell you THEY ARENT ALL EQUAL!! This store is a lot cleaner and a little more "put together" but I hate how people dont know how to organize a line! Anyway, I basically super like this store!!Since I'm a fatty I'm always trying to find cute clothes... its a hit or miss. Since I pretty tattooed I like to normally wear solids. Here they have a shit ton of flowers, and patterns which are no bueno for me!! But I usually find 1 or 2 things I heart. Yesterday I got a teal colored dress and a cute belt I can put under my boobies (Sorry laymen terms, haha) and my son got a Tron toy. All these tresures for only 27$!!I like that they have a bigger selection of my man size 9 shoes here!! Alas, half are high heels (Fat girls in heels are a no no!! I dont care if youre a fatty and say you can rock them, you know you're ass is too heavy to be supported on some damn heels!! Quit lying! HAHAHA) I usually find really cute flats and socks!They have a pretty decent selection of kids clothes as well! My son is small, so hes in a 5t to a small (hes 5 going on 6) and I always find him some CUTE clothes!! If you know me, my son does not dress like a busted ass kid! I hate when I see moms all dressed up and theyre kids look like a hot ass mess!! My hito and I always looks hella sweet : )All in all I like this Ross, I frequent all of them though! But since this one is right by my apartment I go here the most!!
4	One of the stores that my wife and I like to go to and browse the racks.  Once in a while a good pair of shoes (DC or Adidas) show up and I pounce on them!This store has some good selections when it comes to clothes.  I used to be one of those people that didn't know what Ross was or even care to know.  Luckily, I married one savvy girl and she had shown me the light!The place is usually clean and the clothes is in order.  There are a pair of twin brothers I believe that work here and they seem to LOVE their job.  It's nice to see that and they actually make the place more enjoyable to shop in.
2	I usually do a lot of my clothes shopping at this location. Today they were exceptionally unfriendly
3	Browsing on my lunch I decided to check out the clothes section which I never really do often here.  I usually like their home stuff.  It seemed the clothing selection was very sparce. Like large empty spaces in between items.  Perhaps its because they just opened a new location just up the road?There is always a lot of people here.  So much that they have the roped off zig zag where the line goes just like you were at an amusement park. LOL.  I honestly don't get the hype as this is just an "on occasion" kind of store for me.  Maybe I am missing something? lolRoss has a little bit of everything (in case you haven't been here-but really who hasn't?).  They carry men/women/children clothes and shoes, perfume, jewelry, purses, and housewares.  Some of their items are name brand I believe to be outdated and/or discontinued.  "Dress for Less" is their logo which means everything is at a discounted price.  The tags say what the real price is along with the marked down price.  Wait a minute - that's it!  Its TRICKERY of the mind!  That's the hype.  I don't know but it sure sways me to see something discounted. ;) Ross Stores are always a hit and miss with me.  This time I found a dress and two shirts (which is rare) and I bought some Kitchenaide bright yellow scissors.  Total was under $40.  Not too bad I must say.I think I might check out the new one down the way soon.  Doesn't really make much sense that they are a few blocks away from each other however I'm betting the new one to be a much nicer one.  I will check it out and let you know....to be continued.
3	Is it possible to enter a Ross and end up walking out empty handed? I guess so. This is definitely my hit or miss location. The lack of consistency in their inventory is the only reason why I rank them lower. I can go to this one and find nothing, just to go to another store and score. Maybe since it is in such a nice area, most people scoop up the bounty before I can set eyes on them. There is a plethora of stores around this area. I won't be discouraged. Instead I will continue to make my rounds and focus on the great deals I do find here.
4	One of the cleanest Ross stores that I've been to! But then again, it IS in located in Summerlin. Anyway, I love Ross! Why? Because it's cheap and it isn't overpriced. You can find the very same styles here that they have at other "high-end" stores like Forever 21. Instead of buying that $30 shirt, you can find something similar here for around $8 or less! I bought 15 items from this store the other day for LESS than $100. LESS! I would've paid OVER $100 if I went to another store. I leave here happy almost every time, and you bet I'll be coming back again!
1	This ross have great selection when comparing it to other ross that I've been. But everytime I went here (3x) the security (loss & prevention) guys acts like a drunk secret service. Especially the Filipino guy. Several times he throws verbal remarks on his radio as if he's catching a thief in washington, while circling around where I am. Then on another occassion I was with my wife and we are looking for decorative pillows, I see this guy again together with another security(loss & prevention) african american guy chatting, after awhile this african american guy kinda like following me, I brushed it aside. After I checked out the counter and paid for the things I bought, (two t-shirts, 2pillows, and few other things) before I exit the door this security loudly speak to his radio saying "he is leaving" . What a loser. Now, I've been to other high end store and was never treated such. But this from a Ross store. Ridiculous!
1	I was in there with my daughter one day and the cashier clearly lacked ANY customer service skills.  She called me to the register while the previous customer's receipt was printing and didn't thank them.  Her name was Stephanie, I proceeded to the register and she did not greet us or smile.  She called the next person before my receipt printed and I said thank you, she ignored me! Not like she was greeting the next cusotmer with a hello or anything.  If I ever decide to go back there and I am treated with VERY POOR customer service, I will get a manager.  If she is not happy working there, maybe she should let someone that actually wants the job to do it.  ZERO stars for Stephanie and 4 stars for items in stock.
5	Ross in Boca ParkI like this Ross store more than one on the Strip. It's cleaner, less people, big section of home furniture, decoration, sheets and of course clothes.
4	This is a relatively good Ross location. They have an organized system with the line that they seem to have perfected, unlike many other Ross locations. The store is typically well stocked and the employees are friendly.
5	Ross is simply the most inexpensive way to keep the kids and the wife happy! They are grateful that it just fits. Nice some are name brands! Never crowded at night!
5	The distinguishing exterior feature of the former Marshall Field flagship store, now a Ross Dress for Less, is the clocks at the corners of the building. "Under the clock" was a standard meeting place in Las Vegas for years. Inside there is a less-known gem: a 6000 square foot Tiffany dome covering the north side atrium. Go to Ladies Lingerie on the fifth floor for the best view.
