3	As my mom went to her routine seek-n-find at the Goodwill off of 16th street & Indian School and I saw a sign that read Apotecary and I thought "OH! TEA!!" and ventured in that direction!!When I arrived at the door, I was met by several magzine stands such as Echo magazine - if you are familar with the GBLT community of Phoenix, then you'll TOTALLY know what I'm talking about. I didn't think much of it and then I entered the clean and well maintained store. I was met by a rather decent sized book case displaying many memoirs and biographies: Ellen DeGeneris, Rock Hudson, Bette Midler, Cher, May West as well as massage therapy how-to books... waaaaaaaiiiit a minute... something's amiss...I thought to myself as I looked about and saw nearly a dozen busts of a man's "front". Basically from the neck down to... there. Yeah - THERE. A dozen one eyed snakes staring me in the face... mocking me... scaring me! I wanted to run, but I couldn't resist so onward I trekked. I saw what at first sight looks like a typical gift shop. Full of candleholders, Native inspired ceramic pottery, books galore, bumber stickers, magazines and other home decor. But at second glance I realize that those candleholers were either phallic in shape or were rainbow colored, the ceramic pottery was actually quite nice and original, the books were about... -ahem- love? lol. and the books were about a plethera of things: gay sex, the occult, alternative medicine and overviews of different religions, the magazines needed a proof of ID to be purchaced and hot guys smothered in lube (atleast I HOPE it was) were splashed on it's covers and the bumber stickers were of rainbows, triangles and cute sayings like "I heart cowbois" u know - the usual. What really tripped me out was that they even had a rainbow dream catcher!! I swear if I had the money I would have TOTALLY bought it! I came upon the oils and they all smelled so lovely! As did the incense. I wish I could have gotten a stick or two! The Moonlit Goddess smelled fantastic! I came upon the loose leaf teas and I was a little disappointed. What I was hoping to be splendid teas from around the world (or atleast from around the country) were nothing but different types of herbs. Frankensece, myrr, Dragon's blood, Iris and lavender. I left the store loose leaf teas OUT of hand. Over all, I LOOOOVED their goods. I plan on bringing a few of my friends the next time I visit. But what bothered me the most was the lack of friendliness from their lone store clerk. He seemed more interested in lining a couple of dozen bottles up perfectly in two neat rows than to look up at me and smile. I even considered buying a small vile of lavender.. I looked at him and nodded toward the shelves of jars and gave a slight smile. He glanced up at me and went back to his bottles without so much as a recipricated smile or nod. I made a face and bolted out the door. You can have all the cutest gaypride knick-knacks in the world, but if you can't crack a SMILE - then you can't part me from my money! Love their stuff hate their staff. But I still think it's worth a paruse atleast once. :) For nothing but the sight of those busts alone!
5	This was a Great store! Where did it go? They had an awsome Herb selection as well as whole tea leaves . Always got my Sage here . They had a big variety of books on astrology and pretty crystals
