2	I was trying to find something to eat and noticed Opa life had moved into the old big fat Greek. I decided to try them out and placed an order to go, 20 minutes later after I saw people who came in after receiving food and I was still waiting and losing time to eat before I had to start work again. I went up and asked what was going on and all I heard was sorry from the server not even the cook, or the person that took my order just the random server... From the time I complained my order it took them 3-4 minutes to get it in a bag and have me on my way. So they basically wasted almost half my lunch break because of unorganized individuals who didn't seem to care. The food was ok bit expensive, 1 chicken gyro and side salad was a little under 9 bucks. I prefer Pita Shack since it's better tasting and more cost effective AND they don't forget about my order and make me wait over 20 minutes for a chicken gyro and salad... I have them 2 stars because the server was really apologetic but I will not be going back.
1	The staff at the counter was nice and the food was mediocre. The main thing that killed the entire experience was that we arrived at 8pm (their hours are 6am to 9pm) and by 8:20, when we went for a refill, they had shut the entire soda machine down and were stacking chairs. When we wanted a refill they had to actually put they nozzles back on the soda machine to allow us to get a refill.I think you need to at least stay open the hours posted on your door, and not rush the people who just paid to eat at your restaurant out the door. We were the only people eating when we went, and although the server was friendly, you need to stay open the hours you say you will. No one wants to eat while the place is being shut down. If you want to close early, you need to say so.
2	So Opa Life has taken over the space formally occupied by My Big Fat Greek Express as apparently the parent company of Opa Life bought out MBFGE per my conversation with the woman working the counter who is apparently from corporate helping launch the store.The first thing I noticed here was that they did a really nice job renovating the old space that was dingy and tired space. This is nice and refreshing.Sadly the second thing I noticed was the sticker shock of this place compared to MBFGE which was pretty reasonable. I think they are up a couple bucks up across the board.I got the special which was a combo deal of chicken pita, drink and a side for $9. The food was fine but lacking flavor. The flavors were pretty blank on the pita it was pretty much red onion and taziki for taste the chicken was band and over cooked.They just opened so I will give them a bit and try again and see if it's any different but with Pita Shack closer to me and I think a bit more flavor it will be hard to convince myself to come this way often.
1	Went here with my wife to try it out despite hearing that it was a flop - But I thought to myself i should give the place a chance, especially since we order catering for almost hundred people in our company every week and I'm in charge of picking vendors. I thought good Mediterranean that's inexpensive could be a good option.  NOT!  Here is a quick summary:  (1) While we were in line, my wife observed a sloppy looking chef stuffing his face with meat then licking his fingers.  REALLY?  No gloves?  Several customers noticed and one walked right out in disgust.(2) I would rather be a snob than sit through another sub-mediocre dry Gyro and over salted sides (rice). It would be far stretched to say I had food poisoning, let's just say my tummy wasn't too happy after. The service was good other than the chef but the food is a no go for me. AVOID!
5	Horiatiki salad with gyro was absolutely delicious.  Greek fries were awesome too.
5	Being 100% Greek from Chicago, I don't get a taste of home very often. I have tried numerous other places to satisfy my cravings and a touch of homesickness. This by far was the most top notch experience I have had in my 6 years of living away from my family. I decided to look on their menu at home as they just opened down the street from me, and was delighted by their selection. When my boyfriend and I walked in the restaurant, we were immediately greeted by the girl behind the counter. She asked if we had been in before and upon us answering no, went through all the specials. I ordered the OPAtizer combo, and he ordered the gyro pita with greek fries. The portions were incredible, we definitely took leftovers home! The food was delicious, and we were checked on several times. All of our needs were catered to, and we even managed to find some room to enjoy a very authentic galektobouriko (greek custard with phyllo dough) We even noticed the back of the waitress's shirt said koukla, which means doll in Greek. All in all a top-notch choice that I would recommend to anyone.
4	We've been here a few times so we are still working through the menu :-) Breakfast, lunch, and dinner is served...bonus points for serving beer too...The service is great.  The staff is top notch and friendly. You will want for nothing!The food is good and I think they're still fine tuning (a little heavy on the cinnamon in the baklava, but the Loukamades were great!). Given sometime, it's going to be a great neighborhood and happy hour joint!
4	At first I thought the meal would be slightly overpriced until the food actually arrived--I had the Chicken Caesar Wrap--and it was huge (& delicious) plus it came with a healthy & fresh-tasting side salad. I also wish the tea wasn't behind the counter, but whatevs--I enjoyed eating there and will definitely be back (& am looking forward to my leftovers!)Also, I had the half Baklava... was so good I might go back sometimes for that dessert alone!!
2	1st time was great service. Husband of the owner was super nice and the experienced barista was sweet as well. Prices were pretty outrageous for a place you walk up and order from but the great service and food brought us back.2nd time the service was poor. The lady seemed to be hating life and didn't offer a single smile or pleasantry. I paid 14 bucks for a plate of chicken, rice, veggies and a pita which I wouldn't mind if it were a sit-down-and-get-served restaurant but you walk up and order and then they call your name (or bring it to you if they aren't too busy). Bottom line: Good food and nice atmosphere but won't be back due to prices and unfriendly service. I would be willing to return if my plate were 8 bucks instead of 14.
3	I love Greek food and have several favorites around town.  Opa literally popped up on a route I drive every day so it's super convenient.  Venue open, fresh, great patio and clean.  The hummus passed my taste test but they do not carry Babaganoush!   This classic eggplant dish is such a huge missing for anyone especially as a Vegan.  They forgot my greek dressing on my first order and I was the only order.  They did give me a free ice tea while waiting.  But it's new and I'll try it again... but no eggplant detours me!  Prices are a little high but quality was good.
1	I thought we would go check this place out since its so close to me and use to eat at the previous business located there. I thought first there was a bit of an identity issue with what this place wants to be..But didn't bother me.. The problems were..They got one of our orders wrong, redid it. We got basically the same thing from when it was the previous business..it wasn't as good..and sadly priced higher. Also, overheard one of the employees complain to the another about the amount of hours the staff are having to work. AND LASTLY, we were the only people in there with half the time made up of the ladies at the front just looking over at us..Awkward
5	Beautiful atmosphere & AMAZING food. I would recommend Opa any day. Definitely becoming a regular at this place.
2	I miss the greek express this place is nice but no worth the 4.00 more charge. Very nice remodel, but gone is the friendly service this place has an identity problem it wants to be a restaurant, but with all the TV's is trying to be a sports bar which it is not and will never will be. I will not be going back.
5	After reading all of the other reviews, I'm simply appalled at the criteria by which patrons judged this restaurant. I visited this restaurant with my boyfriend who had been a frequent visitor of BFGE. We were amazed at the atmosphere and selection. The food was spectacular and leaps and beyond better in terms of quality than BFGE. The price point matches the quality of food, along with the area. Please take the time to read every review thoroughly rather than view the rating. Most people ranked this place harshly low for minor inconveniences including price comparisons to BFGE, which had inferior food. Either way, give this place a chance.
4	"Damn, this Opa Life Pita is delicious, but it is filling!" *throws out the window at unsuspecting motorcyclist* . . . If you get this reference, you win the Internets. I was pretty bummed when My Big Fat Greek Express closed, so it's nice to see a new player in this space. First, it must be said that Opa Life did a beautiful job transforming the place from cramped, dingy and tired to beautiful, clean and spacious. Amazing what a little TLC can do. There's also patio seating now, which will be nice when the hot weather dies down a bit.Dude and I swung by tonight for a quick dinner before a movie at Arizona Mills. It's very similar to the previous establishment; counter service with self serve drinks.The lady working the front of the house was quick to greet us, ask us if we've been in before, and made suggestions.  Both of us got the "Opa Time!" special ($9.95, $2 increase from MBFGRE): A Pita of your choice and Greek Salad or Fries ($1 extra for Greek Style). Dude got the Philly Style Gyro; myself, the Classic Gyro, both with a Greek Salad. As mentioned earlier, these babies are STUFFED. As in, good luck getting your hands around it.If this wasn't my first meal of the day, I probably would have shared! The gyro meat was tender and well seasoned, and the Tzatziki sauce wasn't lacking in flavor. I was able to steal a bite of the Philly Style Gyro, and it was a tasty change bursting to full with all those mushrooms, peppers and cheese. The dressing on the Greek salad was oil based, a nice change from the creamy, Ranch-y mess often used. The only thing that was gross was the wax paper under the food was kind of getting all soggy. I guess it's better than eating off one of those bare trays . . . But, it'd be nice if they invested in some actual plates. Don't miss daily Happy Hour from 3PM-7PM: $3 you call it draft beers . . . San Tan Products available, what?! It also includes $5 glasses of wine and $2 off any appetizer. Glad to have a no frills Greek place back in the neighborhood - We'll be back for Happy Hour or before another movie date!
4	We tried for dinner, & enjoyed. Even our picky eater LOVED the chicken souvlaki. Today, we tried breakfast. Very tasty strawberry smoothie, based on how fast my child sacked it down. :-P I did manage to get a taste, & it was nice & refreshing. I tried the bacon paninni w/ bacon, egg, spinach, sun-dried Tomatoes. YUM! I noticed one review commented on tea setup. That is now fixed & available for self serve.
3	What a pleasant surprise! This fresh, new, little, somewhat hidden Greek place took over where My Big Fat Greek Express used to be. They've done a nice remodel, opened and brightened the place up and, although I was the only one in the joint when I visited, it looks like it should be a friendly and inviting atmosphere. The menu includes the usuals; appetizers ($5-15), salads ($9-15), wraps ($9-10) and pitas (~$8), and "Off The Grill" plates that include your choice of 2 sides ($10-16), all with your choice of chicken, pork, beef, lamb, shimp, and sandwiches/burgers ($10-12), etc. They have a full coffee bar with what look like reasonable prices, fruit smoothies, and Italian sodas, and a selection of breakfast paninis. There are about 6 beers on tap for $4.50 and 7 or so wines by the glass at $7, and a scrumptious looking list of desserts ranging from $4-$8. My Chicken Souvlaki plate included 2 generous skewers of chicken that was flavorful, tender and juicy, fries, and rice that was tasty and well cooked, a pita bread and some sauces. Service was friendly from the one woman in the store, who was also clearing up to close, but still attentive, offered me water while I waited for my takeaway food, and took the time to tell me about their lunch special ($6 wraps & pitas from 11-3). They also offer Happy Hour from 3-7pm with deals on apps, beer and wine. My 3-star rating is for the food (quality, quantity, speed to produce) and service. The only reason they're not getting 5 stars from me is because I think their prices are a bit too high for the market. I think this may affect them, given their newness, lack of reputation, and somewhat obscure location. Munchies (my go-to place) is serving roughly the same fare for about 30% less, overall, and they're open till the wee hours.  So, I'll check out Opa Life again, and based on my first visit, recommend it, but probably not for a quick weeknight dinner except if you go during lunchtime.
5	The place was a lil busy and the waitress was extremely helpful and answered questions I had about the menu. I have to tell you the food was amazing. I dont get out as much as I would like to as my wife is disabled and we have 4 kids and finances are hard. I am going today after work to get food for wife that she has been craving. I definately recommend this place to all who hasnt tried yet.
5	As I was eating I was surprised at the relatively low star count. My food was delicious and promptly served and the wait staff was kind enough to answer all my questions. They also serve six beers on tap, coffees and desserts. I also would like to try some of their new breakfast menu! We will definitely be back!!
5	i love the fresh remodel and new owners. the greek fries are STUPENDOUS. the gyro meat is perfectly seasoned...and the hummus platter is beautifully textured and flavored!  I took my bestie here for her birthday lunch and the HANDSOME owner brought us BOTH a hefty slice of baklava.  Im in love with this place now...it used to look seedy and dark...but now it is great
2	Loving Greek food as much as I do I returned to give this new venue a second shot.  While the environment is GREAT for working, free wifi music (80's Rock that day) and spacious, the food doesn't cut it.  I ordered a basic greek salad, my friend a gyros and we had a hummus appetizer.  The first hummus tasted spoiled, the kind when you put it in your mouth it fizzes.  I eat hummus almost daily and I'm hard to please but fresh is key.  They did replace it with no hassle but it didn't start things well.For the high prices it was a lackluster salad,  lettuce unassuming, unripe tomatoes and dressing that tasted like it was from a bottle.  For the price I expected a much higher quality salad, not a cheap diner salad.  The gyros plate was just as unimpressive.Second visit the staff was pretty and either brand new and didn't know anything or not well trained.  We got what we needed but service could overlook the high prices and so-so quality.  I'm vegan so I can't eat much else, but if you want a quick meal, a place to work it's good.  And they just opened so much of this may work out!!  I will have to be REALLY hungry to go again but would have a meeting here.
1	They had a guy on the corner advertising breakfast I love this place for lunch but was really disappointed when I walked in with only one person working and 4 people I. Line and several people waiting for food needless to say I turned around and left. If your trying to build business you should be staffed to do so
5	We stopped in for breakfast and were pleasantly surprised.   I had the Greek omelet and it was outstanding!   Great service and affordable.
5	We wanted to try this place on the weekend. I ordered tge falafel pita and greek fries. The husband ordered the aegean club and fries.  Bonus! Between 3-7 opatizers are $2 off...i love the roasted garlic hummus.  It was a bit quiet but it is greek festival this weekend. Everything is delicious!
4	I have visited this place 3 times, and I must say the food is absolutely delicious! I have had mostly their off the grill items of the menu and although they are a little pricey, the quality was great! The only complaint was that my veggies were over cooked once, but I'm very picky with my veggies. My only suggestions would be for them to add a grilled veggie kabob as an entree or side. Yum! They also have really good coffee. I would highly recommend this place!
5	Skip the line for US Egg. Opa has fantastic coffee and breakfasts. For dinner the club is an oversized tasty choice.
5	Wonderful! I got the Greek salad with gyro. It was a little pricey ($15 for a salad...) but it could feed 2. Super fresh ingredients, very well flavored. The staff is very friendly. Atmosphere - good for lunch. Casual, clean, would definitely be ideal for a business lunch.
5	ordered 4 gyro pitas, 3 greek fries, spanakopita and hummus platter to go. their tsatsiki sauce is the bomb.com.  the owner is so nice and always remembers us.  the foid is good but even if it was mediocre i would come back for that charm!  4 visits now and so far so good
5	New ownership and revamped look replaced our tired old Greek spot. Glad they did! New look is nice and clean. Menu is updated to include breakfast and coffee, portions good, and the food was as tasty as ever! Gyro and Greek fries were great. Nice patio too! Seems like the new ownership has it headed in a positive direction. We'll be back!
5	Love this place!  The restaurant is modern and clean.  The staff are friendly and helpful.  The food is delicious and beautiful.  Yes I did say "beautiful".  I ordered a simple gyro pita and side Greek salad.  I received this beautifully presented and colorful meal that delighted my senses!  I highly recommend this place to anyone who likes or would like to try Greek food.  You will not be disappointed.
1	If you want KRAFT MACARONI AND CHEESE  at a restaurant, this is the place to go!! Decided to get a quick meal for my child and macaroni cheese was the only selection for any pasta type dish on the kid's menu. And with a only a few sides to choose from as an option I reluctantly chose fries. When the food came out, what appeared before me was boxed macaroni on my plate! I was in disbelief. I asked the server, "Is that Kraft macaroni that they made?" To which the girl replied,  "Yeah...well. ..that's how most restaurants make it." That made me even more irritated, that she would go as far to say that MOST restaurants use store bought macaroni, as if I was that ignorant! Not to mention, the fries were your standard Ore-ida frozen steak fries. I thought this place was going be authentic and fresh; I was sorely disappointed. I think I was even being on the nice side saying it was Kraft, for all I know it was store brand macaroni. I'm sure this is indicative of how they prepare the rest of their menu, with premade, frozen, out-of-the-box food.
3	My girlfriend and I actually detoured to this place to something different. I was pleasantly surprised that the place looked clean and modern considering some of the other places in the same area (not say to say that those are bad places).  I was instantly disappointed with the menu prices since I was expecting more of a $10 or less ala cart type meal since I am on a budget. i settled for the special they had listed for $9.95 with a picture, but then was disappointed that to get the pictured item I would have to pay a dollar more. The meal I got was a gyro, greek fries, and a drink. The presentation was above average and pleasant,and the food was good. The greek fries were very good and the gyro was pretty good as well. The food seemed very american with a greek flavor when I was looking to settle for the opposite (another disappointment). There were others around me who ordered dishes that look very delicious, but I am sure that that they cost of those meals was higher than mine as well. I would probably go back with reservation, but it wouldn't be my first choice. As we were leaving around 7pm on a Friday night, it appeared that a jazz quartet was setting up for entertainment.
5	So I have been to this place two times so far and once for take out. Gotta say I can't wait to go back.  I am not sure if it's good timing on my part but every time I have been to Opa Life there has been live music and good service as well. My wife and I both order pitas to share and have not been let down yet. I also recommend the incredible Greek fries.  On my last trip I tried the Greek coffee which was great and not too bitter and strong like I was expecting. If I have one negative thing to say I would just recommend to actually dine in instead of getting take out. Part of the charm of Opa is the actual decor and music. Without the whole package you will find yourself with pricey take out. To finish I would say great place for coffee or dinner and I am already counting the days until I can go back.
4	This cute coffee shop is set in Bucktown, which is closely located off the blue line and offers a variety of unique drinks. One of my favorite parts is the latte art that they do on the hot drinks, and their cafe-specific ipsento drink is great!
2	The place is pretty and located on an attractive venue, but the food and service were subpar.  I ordered a 24 oz tea and a sliced gyro.  The clerk asked me if I was sure I needed two cups (as I was clearly by myself) since the tea had free refills. Confused, I said that I only needed one glass.  Worse still, she ordered me a plate of gyro meat instead of a gyro, and had the audacity to lecture me on the appropriate way to order next time.  My food was cold.  There will not be a next time
