2	Cage World is known as THE place to go for birds and bird-related stuff. But, frankly, I think they are just plain rude. Sure they know their stuff, but do they have to make you feel like an idiot for asking which is better for a 12-year-old, a Green-cheeked Conure or a Quaker Parrot?
1	"I was wondering if any of your English Budgies are available?""I don't have any. All I have are parakeets."For the bird impaired: Budgerigars, or Budgies, are commonly known as parakeets.I opened my mouth to say something, then thought maybe she meant they were boarding the whole flock of mixed American, English, and English cross budgies in the corner cage and she meant Ringneck Parakeets or something, so I asked her how much they were. Thirty bucks, right on target for an overpriced budgie. I smiled, said thankyou, and tried to leave without dying of laughter. I really, really hope this isn't known as THE place to go for birds and bird related stuff. They had a good selection of your run of the mill toys and boings etc. (don't laugh at me, bird folk will know what I'm talking about) and I was happy to see that they carry Roudybush and Harrisons. Their cages are outrageously priced.On to the birds. I couldn't tell which birds were permanent fixtures of the shop, which were for sale, and which were boarding. It was a clusterf*ck of feathers and crap. Birds are everywhere, some of them thankfully out of cages but then there are Grays and Amazons in cages sized for Budgies (er I mean parakeets, my bad). My first impression upon entering was "ugh" as it looked like the place hadn't had a proper cleaning in ages. Yes, birds are messy... very messy... but you do not need more birds than you can handle. I figured the employees must be crazy busy, and its the end of the day, and they will clean up later.Again, I couldn't tell who was boarding and who was for sale and who lived there, but I wasn't too happy to hear a ton of "Hello!" and wolf whistles and even one who sounded like it was yelling "Help help!" and then crying. My first thought was "I wonder if these people are getting rehomed birds off of craigslist and then selling them."Which brings us to the employees. Aside from the obvious lack of knowledge from the owner (I'm assuming!) of all people, the service was more than lacking. My husband tried to get the attention of one of several employees to ask them what time they closed (as it was about 6 and the last place we tried to make it to closed at 5). He said they were all in their employee area, on Craigslist. Hmmm. That's very odd to me. The owner didn't even come out until a herd of children came shrieking in. We'd been there about 15 minutes. They didn't need to be typing away. They needed to be cleaning.We used to do parrot rescue and when I got pregnant we decided not to bring in any more birds. We found good homes for the guys we had saved and tore down our cages. We moved to Mesa after the baby was born, and now that he's older I was hoping to find the same quality bird store out here as there was in Glendale to network with. I was sourly disappointed. I will be making the ONE HOUR DRIVE instead to my old store, which I can't remember the name of LOL but I will post it next time I go. These kooks will not be getting a penny of mine unless they wise up, magically become nice, and scrub every inch of this place with a toothbrush.
1	I have to agree with what the other two reviewers have said, that this is one of the worst pet stores I have ever been in.  From the moment I walked in, I felt as though I was in a dungeon for birds.  There were four very very unfriendly staff members working, and about 50 birds.  Some where in aquariums, I saw six macaws crammed into a cage that I use at home for my one macaw, and there was feces everywhere.  I don't think I saw even one bird that I wanted to put my hand near.  I do not understand why they would have so many birds and so few people to adequately clean up after them and give them enough attention.  There prices were double for boarding, and everything else from toys to cages to food was about 25% - 40% more expensive than other stores.  I cannot in good consciousness support a business that has such deplorable conditions.  I went there to see a toucan that they have, and it was crammed in a little box of a cage in the back corner with barely any light.  Poor little guy had picked out his tail feathers (I don't think I saw one bird in there that wasn't picking).  I am still thinking of calling the ASPCA and animal control to investigate........
1	Still no improvement, I see.I have been making the hike to JD Birds and My Best Friend pet store for supplies. I'm going in soon to recheck the status of Cage World and if it looks the same way it did in August, I'm contacting authorities and rescues to make sure these folks aren't acquiring birds from them.
5	Okay...here's the deal... We've had exotic birds in hour home for nearly 10 years now.  It's been a long hard road finding good quality people to help us with our birds. And finding knowledgeable people here in the valley has been no cake walk let me tell you.  I won't knock other stores here in this review but I will say it was such a great relief to have found Cage World in Mesa.  If you have birds in your home.. Big birds like ours. Umbrella Cockatoos you know what I'm talking about.   But if your new to the world of birds or are thinking about having a bird in your home let me tell you this...it's not an easy or hasty decision you want to make.    No question is to stupid dumb to ask.  Go ahead and ask the people at Cage World.  Don't pretend you know everything because you don't . After ten years I don't.  But the people at Cage World have always been friendly to me and helped me out with problems and decisions about what diets I should keep the birds on..  Vitamins, toys to buy...whatever you want to know.  They have always been there for me. I  love the store...the variety of toys. cages, foods..accessories.  So I thank heaven for Cage World they are a blessing to my bird family. And I am proud to give them a great Yelp Review.... Now I DO EXPECT A HEFTY DISCOUNT NEXT TIME I HIT THEM UP FOR SOME AVICAKES!!!
1	I confess. I thought that the negative reviews could be "overly harsh" or somehow, just plain wrong. And for that, I apologize.Not one bird there seemed to be well-adjusted pet material. Flocks of  smaller birds (read quakers, conures) were in 50? gallon aquariums. Maybe smaller. None of them seemed used to being handled. The large birds that were out of their cages all showed signs of distress - only about 1/3 of the birds had any of their long tailfeathers, about 1/2 showed obvious signs of feather plucking in the form of bare patches across back or chest. In the back were amazons, african greys, and other parrots of similar size in birds in cages I MIGHT have temporarily put budgies in. I didn't have the heart to look at them all.Their selection of food, overpriced toys, and other accessories was better than the average pet store, but how can I justify spending money here? I'm looking elsewhere. Ugh.
5	We were interested in learning more about several different kinds of birds because we have been looking in to purchasing one.  We went to Cage World in Mesa and I was very impressed.  The reps there were very friendly.  I had my four young children with me, and the moment we walked in the door, one of the representatives walked over to us and asked my son if he'd like to hold one of the birds.  He helped my son feel comfortable holding one, even though he's never been around birds before.  I found the staff to be very knowledgable about the care and background of these birds.  They were super friendly and didn't mind at all answering the long list of questions I had.  I didn't purchase a bird at that time as I wanted to do some more research first.  I have found that Cage World is quite pricey, but because of their service and expertise, if I do end up adding a bird to our family I could do worse than getting it from here.
1	Bottom line: Cage World is selling rescue birds at pet prices. There is no other way to describe it. They have a large number of birds for sale. But, most are behaviorally challenged and euphemistically referred to as "consignments." The truth is, the majority are poorly socialized and would be better described as "rescues." Normally, such birds are rehomed for nominal fees to encourage placement. Cage World is simply profiting from what are severely challenged birds.The worst part of this is: Cage World makes little effort to socialize these birds. Employees are usually found sitting in the back office surfing the web. While the store is full of poorly-socialized "rescue" birds sitting in cages heartbreakingly small and filthy. These birds often see no human interaction for days. Once or twice a day, an employee (usually unskilled help who is afraid to put their hand in most cages) will change the water and food bowls. But, for most of the day, employees are glued to the computer like they have obsessive-compulsive disorder.Rescuing animals is noble. I have sympathy for rescuers who get in over their heads and can't keep up (trying to "save just one more"). But, that's not the case at Cage World. Instead of charging a nominal "rehoming fee" (20% of pet prices) to encourage placement of problem birds with people who can donate time, they charge 60-80% of pet prices. Worse: employees act like they don't care. I'm always stunned to see them scurrying to their computers. If they're in the business of placing rescue (special-needs) birds, you'd think they would scurry to those birds and work with them every chance they get. Instead, the computer is a bigger attraction.
1	I read the reviews and I still thought I'd give Cage World a shot.  See, I'd read reviews of a couple other places I liked and some were dead wrong, so I thought Cage World might have received a few bogus reviews.  My son and I went in trying to find the positive and to form our own opinions.When we arrived there were lots of cages outside the shop for sale.  We thought, "Hey this is great!  Look at all the options!".  Then we went inside.  It was kind of dark and dank in there, but we were told (much later) that they were about to move the shop to a different locale so we figured they were trying to upgrade.  We weren't really concerned with the lighting anyway, but with the birds.  When we walked in, no one greeted us.  Even though there were employees in the back that could see us, no one bothered to get up to come say hi.  Finally a young boy who was cleaning came out and said hi.  He was very polite and answered questions we had about the birds  in their "Babies" section.  I'd never seen a baby Macaw before and was asking how old it was, etc.  Other "Babies" in that area didn't look all that young, but I don't really know what they are supposed to look like so I put it down to my ignorance.We wandered around and went in the back area where all the cages were.  Then we saw the back area where they have the boarded birds, etc.  Ugh.  There were literally small plastic bins with baby cockatiels inside with just a bit of metal cage parts covering the top to keep them in. Overly crowded is putting it mildly.  Birds in a plastic bin.  Even my ignorance couldn't be blamed on this sad state of affairs.  No animal should be crowded like that.  EVER.   One baby had hopped up on top and later flew down to the floor.  We figured maybe we just didn't realize how shops worked so we returned to the front where their birds were.Yes, they DO have birds in giant aquariums in the front of the store.  They didn't seem to be overly crowded, but there were lots in there.  I thought why would BIRDS be in an aquarium at a store that calls itself CAGE WORLD? And there were signs on the aquariums advertising the birds inside as "Hanfed (their spelling) cockatiel" and some of the prices were up to $150.00. ( Later we had a young man try to get us one to hold and the birds in their freaked when a hand came in.  Those birds didn't appear to be handled all that often, which he semi admitted.)Finally a nice young man came up to us (apparently just back from lunch as he was carrying McDonalds french fries around with him) and started chatting and answering questions.  While he walked around with us he was feeding french fries to the birds.  Now, correct me if I'm wrong, but I don't think french fries are part of an exotic birds diet - especially ones you are trying to sell to the public.  I get it, if its your personal pet, but these were birds for sale.  A little later one of the big birds was doing something and another employee grabbed it by the tail as it was trying to get away from him and he swung it around by the tail.  My son is still upset by that one.The young man told us he'd been working at CW for 5 years so he can't plead ignorance about feeding the birds french fries, or trying to sell us small cage for cockatiels that shouldn't even be used for a parakeet, let alone a bird that can grow 12-14 inches high.  Telling me he kept his pet cockatiel in one of those didn't make me want to get it.  By the way, none of the cages they made, that he showed me, had any horizontal bars for the birds to climb on.  I thought bird cages needed at least two of the walls to be horizontal.  Anyway, the boy tried to tell me that we could just put the perches lower in the cage (they'd have to be on the bottom of the cage) to accommodate medium sized bird like a cockatiel.I was a little shell shocked by this point and wanted professional opinions about these cages, so I pretended to ask my husband (via text) if we could buy a cage (as we were told "TODAY ONLY you can get a 20% DISCOUNT), and took pics of the cage so I could ask my friends at another pet store and at the bird rescue I associate with.  Finally, after walking around a bit longer (they did have two very sweet birds that I kept walking over to see while trying to check out an extremely over crowded cage of older parakeets/cockatiels) and letting my son look at the food they sell and toys for birds, we left.I feel so sorry for the birds in that store. Over crowding, being treated the way we saw (french fries and swinging around by the tail) and yes quite a few of the birds had plucked out their feathers (and I'm not just talking about the birds in the back, I mean the ones out front), and just a general sense of gloom and doom in there.  We won't be going back and not only would we not recommend the shop but will go as far as to warn folks away from them.
2	Overstock of large birds with behavioral issues. Poor feather conditions. Generally dirty and large, beautiful birds are waiting to lure you close to try to bite you. On any walk through, I usually can't find more than 2 that I can handle without issues. Many smaller birds are kept in fish tanks like hamsters and they fear hands. many items are overpriced and when asked why they were selling expired dried bugs I was told why not the birds will still eat them? Six months later the same expired Bag'o Bugs were still out for sale.Staff will answer questions if you ask. They usually will not ask you what you need.This is not the only bird store in Mesa.
5	I purchased a heatlhy bird from this store over six years ago.  I take him back for his grooming and all of his supplies.   I find the staff very knowledgeable and helpful.  They trim his beak, claws and feathers and kiss him after they are done.  I am surprised at these not so favorable reviews because almost everytime I am the store, the employees are moving around the store cleaning.  The birds look healthy to me and respond to new customers in the store with lots of chatter.  I would not hesitate to purchase another bird from this store.  Lori
4	Great place! Very friendly people and a huge selection. Nice to see birds not in cages.
3	This place is now called "Arizona Bird Store" and has moved to a new, nicer location a few miles away from the old hole.  The new store is still quite dirty, though that is to be expected with lots of birds.  We have two African Grey parrots and they can make huge messes in short order so I can't fault the place too much for being dirty.  We've been taking our birds there to be groomed for a few years and generally like the place.  They generally seem to know about birds and do a decent job grooming our birds, but they don't seem to be real bird lovers anymore.  I think perhaps they were genuine bird lovers many years ago, but it seems like the love of birds has probably faded over the years.  I suppose getting bitten regularly could take its toll.  That is, after all, why we take our birds there to be groomed - I don't want them to bite me and associate me with that scary experience if I groom them myself.  I'm the nice guy that rescues my birds from that "mean" person clipping their feathers and trimming their claws.  Overall, the place is good and I trust them with my birds.
