1	I have to express my complete and utter disappointment in your employee Lorri Haddix at the Pharmacy at the 20220 N 59th Ave, Glendale, AZ 85308 location.  I dropped off my prescription to get filled this morning and when I came back to pick it up through the drive thru window, Ms. Haddix first could not find my name in the computer.  Then she brought a bag out and asked if I had insurance.  I explained to her that I have many prescriptions at this Fry's and my insurance should be on file.  She came back and asked for my card.  I provided Ms. Haddix my insurance card.  She came back and said that was not my Pharmacy card.  I told her it was and she said I was wrong.  I asked her if she called Aetna to check with them.  Ms. Haddix said she could but then I would have to wait until tomorrow to get this filled.  I asked for a Manager and she refused to provide me with one.  I then asked for my prescription back.  She tried to give me someone else prescription and I had to tell her no less then 10 times that was not mine and wanted mine back.  Ms. Haddix laughed at me through the glass.  I asked her to pick up the phone to communicate and she smiled and walked away.  She finally gave me the correct script back.  As I wrote down her name she lifted her badge at me and mouthed what appeared to be profanity and laughed.  I immediately called Aetna and they said that no one from Fry's ever called a scripted in for me today.  I have several prescriptions with Fry's between myself and my son.  I recently moved the prescriptions to make it more convenient.  Once I recover from this illness, I will be removing every single prescription with Fry's.  Not only did your employee treat me with such disrespect, she jeopardized my health.  With employees like that, I am not surprised other customers have left due to her poor Customer Service skills and her lack of any care for the patients you should be serving.  My only hope by this letter is that you remove her from ever dealing with Customers.
3	Shop here quite often good selection.
4	Pretty good veggie & health foods section and enormous energy drink selection = a consistent site for my weekly grocery trip.
5	This store has a great selection and friendly staff. My weekly grocery stop.
4	Great store friendly associates.
4	I really like this fry's market! Their produce was always very fresh and plentiful. All of the aisles are well stocked with a great variety of products. The staff are always helpful and self check out makes it easy for a quick in and out trip. Parking is plentiful and convenient.
4	Good quality foods available. Have a Fry's card to get all the discounts and save on gas.
