3	I have taken my Dogs here several times. Whether it be for their shots or when my French Bulldog had some serious issues they always were good with the animals and I never had to wait for a walk in more than 15 min. Always plenty of Doctors on hand. It is pricey but they rechecks are always free and they do a good job. Besides, when has a vet ever been cheap?
1	One day, my dachshund was involved in a fight. There was a large gash on her leg that required stitches. I took my bleeding dog to the Centennial Hills Animal Hospital. The receptionist was friendly but I waited about 30 mins to be seen. The doctor came in, inspected the dog, and then sent in the receptionist to give me the usual "high/low" price range.  As we have all experienced, vet bills can be extremely pricy. I explained to the receptionist that there was no way I could pay the $1200 to staple up my dog's wounds. The receptionist relayed this qualm to the young blond doctor. She stated in a very high voice, "if he can't pay, then send him somewhere else!" Obviously the receptionist knew I had heard her remarks and tried to delicately convey her message. The hospital offered minimal types of payment plans which put me up against the wall because I did not want my dog to die. I took the best financial offer that they presented. I never saw the blond doctor again but her rude, impersonal, money grubbing ways ensured that I will never return there again. To make my experience worse, when I picked up my dog  the next day, the wound was sutured, but they did not even clean up the blood that had dripped down her leg. This is not the place to take your beloved pet. I understand that they are in the business to make a profit but some understanding and kindness towards pet owners and their animals is sorely needed.Do not go here.
4	I've been taking my doxies here since both were very young. Aside from being a little expensive this is a good place. Then again who wouldn't pay more to make sure a beloved family member got the care they needed.
5	We take all 4 pets here. We never have a problem getting same day appointments when necessary. The staff is friendly and we like Dr Mackey.
4	As I've been making the rounds between different LV and NLV vets, I have learned that most vet experiences depend on the time of your visit, the doctor who sees your pet, the front desk service, and cost. When I review a clinic I do it with the understanding that I'm writing about my specific experience with specific doctors and staff.My initial impression was that the office staff was frazzled and unorganized. But they were apologetic and friendly. The waiting room is one of the nicest I've seen in an animal hospital.Another Bengal owner recommended that I visit Dr. Davis at Centennial Hills because Dr. Davis does not discriminate against Bengals. In addition, she is familiar with the breed.I admit that I always feel like I should put on battle armor before visiting a vet, but Dr. Davis was open to what I had to say and put me at ease. She was upfront with me and patiently answered all of my questions. She was professional but sympathetic at the same time, a skill that too many overworked vets lack.I agree that the prices here a bit more expensive than other vets, but not by much.
5	I personally had a very good experience here today.I called earlier today because my snake had a bunch of mites on her that came out of nowhere so I freaked out and called them. The girls at the front desk couldn't help much with my problem because they weren't familiar with snakes which is fine not many people are aware of how much trouble a snake could be if it ever is trouble. They left my number for the doctor to call me back because he was in the middle of surgery.When he called back I explained to him my situation and that I really didn't have the money at the moment to pay for a checkup and the whole 9 so he told me the one thing they'd only charge me for was the $35 spray I'd need to treat my snake of the mites.I went in and the doctor completely took care of my snake and explained what all I need to pick up at the store and what I need to do to treat her. There was no hidden fees or anything they remained true to their word and I only payed the $35 for the medication for her. So personally I do feel this place is very great and I will be coming back if I have anymore problems with my snake.
5	Spectacular!  My husband and I used to live in Centennial Hills and started taking our English bulldog to CHAH and since then we have moved but we are still bringing her back because everyone takes great care of her and everyone knows her there.  She's like the CHAH celebrity because every time we bring her in everyone shouts her name and rushes out to greet her.  Makes me feel so good that my baby is getting the best care possible and they are very decently prices for boarding.  Five stars for CHAH!
4	I saw an ad on craigslist for free shots and free exams so I took my puppy here for his shots and everyone was very attentive. They accept walk ins so I didn't have to make an appointment. The only thing that bothered me was one of the receptionists'. I can hear her complaining about a customer after she got off the phone with her to other employees. She got an attitude a few times also with other customers also. Other then that, I highly recommend this place especially Mrs. Katherine A, a veterinarian there. She answered my questions and didn't make me feel rushed.
1	It's like goin to a dealership. You can never trust them. They will screw your Pet's care up so you have to come back. Six times in 8 days for me.
1	Another review liken this 'animal hospital' to a dealership. In a way I agree, except that comparison may be giving Centennial Hills Animal Hospital (CHAM) too much credit and is too unfair to dealerships. The experience is so unpleasant I don't actually want to author this review. It is possible that for the purposes of routine shots and other 40$ treatments/procedures/matters, this animal hospital is perfectly fine. You may want to consider if it is fine or not, but I don't believe for larger, serious procedures (surgery) you should consider CHAM at all. If you are reading this because there may be something seriously wrong with your smaller animal friend, and your first choice is not to kill them, start looking for a different option now. Don't even finish reading this overly long review; just look for another Animal Hospital, please. You're welcome.The cat that lives with us was sick. She was vomiting constantly, quite violently. We meant to take her to a higher rated Animal Hospital that is in the same area, but there was an error committed in mapping out the directions so we came to CHAM instead. What followed was the doctor taking a series of xrays (one of which was taken incorrectly, which I had to pay to have retaken at another hospital) and going to the HIGH side of a quote instantaneously. Her recommendation was so extreme (barium GI tract exploration) that the other hospital would not even believe that it was recommended by a veterinarian.  When we asked if it were possible that the xrays results be given to us in hard form so we could get another opinion when the veterinarian was going to show us her findings (this is post-the barium recommendation), she abruptly shut down the presentation/sales pitch for barium and stormed out of the room. It was like a bad SNL skit (think Will Ferrell as a doctor). They charged an extra 5$ for the CD that the xray results were placed in. In the end, the poor cat was just constipated. You can't make this shit up. - E
5	I've been taking my dogs and cat to Centennial Hills for seven years now and I am very happy with the entire staff and care. Over the years I have take four dogs there and one cat.One of our dogs had a serious immune disorder and the care we got from Dr. VanderLind and Dr. Nielson was better than I ever could have expected. They both took extra time to explain to us our choices. They let us know what would be the most economical options and still give her the best care. I received many phone calls from them asking to see how she was doing. These calls often lasted a half hour or so. I was never billed for these calls and I know the time spent was substantial. Our dogs have always been treated with love here. The staff and vets take the time to pet and talk to them. On our last visit with our new puppy a staff member and another vet (not the ones we were seeing for the visit) came in our room just to see our new puppy and give him some love. I was amazed at this. Great veterinarians. Great staff. I would never consider going anywhere else.
2	I've been coming here for two years, ever since I got one of my puppies. For the first year they were so wonderful. The office staff was so nice, the doctors were consistent and they actually cared about my pet.  About a year and a half ago they slowly started changing. There was a period where I wasn't going because my pets didn't need shots and such. Now that I have a new puppy I have an inconsistent feeling towards the doctors. Some are very nice, others seem like they don't want to be there. And I'm sorry but if you don't want to be there why are you working with animals lives? The office staff is usually friendly but sometimes its just so chaotic and I feel like they need to create some sort of a system. My new puppy had a complication to his neutering and when the office aide called and left a voice-mail, I called back and whoever answered didn't even know what I was talking about. She couldn't track it to the same person and then couldn't even answer my question on the voice-mail! [I.E. "the voice-mail said to knock him down to 1/2 a pill a day. But when it was prescribed he was already on 1/2 a pill."] When we brought him in after his 10 days for his check up the office assistant took him to the back and said, "We'll put you in a room to see the doctor if the doctor sees any problems." Really? You can't let us talk to the doctor for a few minutes after his surgery? When I took my last pet for her spay I was able to. And of course something was wrong with him so we were put in a room anyways. Previously to this I had an apt for the younger puppy, and on the way over noticed the other one had a bloody paw. We held the puppy while the doctor looked at it for 2 seconds and they charged a $40 fee for that on top of the other pets ACTUAL visit. So all together it was $300+. And there wasn't really anything wrong with the bloody paw because she was just fine (oddly though she had her nails trimmed the week prior at this place). I'm giving them one last try tomorrow when we get the SECOND check up on my puppies neutering so we shall see. They used to be so great here I don't know what happened.
5	I am writing this review based on the only two times I needed to have my animals seen at this location..The front desk was friendly and warm, the clinic was clean and presentable..the visits with the young male vet (I happened to have him both times) were great!  He answered all of my questions,  listened to all of my furry mama blabble, and truly took his time with each appointment. This hospital is right around the corner from my place, and I will continue to give them my business!  Great animal hospital in my opinion :)
5	This place was always very friendly to me and my dog Dakota. They were especially accommodating to walk ins as I lead a very hectic lifestyle with tons of spur of the moment travel arrangements for work making it very tricky for me to make myself available for an appointment a week from now. The folks here would always welcome me when I happened to have some spare time to get my dog checked out (no appointment). My boy always received excellent care at a reasonable price.When it came time to put him down, they were extra accommodating considering that day came on NYE with very little warning. They moved around doctors schedules and even offered to do a house call with virtually no notice. AMAZING!!They let me stay in the room "as long as you need" once the procedure was performed. I balled my eyes out with my boy for 40 minutes undisturbed by staff.They had me take care of the bill up front so I could literally just sneak out the back door when I was done grieving (for now).Then I received the nicest card in the world from them just a couple of weeks later having been signed by the entire staff. Now that's a nice touch during literally the hardest time in my life.Thanks Centennial Hills Animal Hospital!!
1	This place deserves 0 stars.  They're the worst vet I have been to.  First time I went there, I had to wait for 2 hours before seeing the vet for literally 3 minutes.  He barely spoke to me and whizzed out of the room.  I had some questions to ask him about my Yorkie, but he didn't have any time for me.  This is what I waited 2 hours and paid $100 for?  I was new to the area and this was the closest vet, so I decided to stay with them.  My dog fell and she was limping badly on one leg, so I took her to this place.  Another vet, very inexperienced, insisted that my dog had a luxated patella.  My previous vet in NJ had told me that my dog's knees were good about a year ago.  She recommended immediate surgery done at their facility by an outside orthopedic surgeon.  My dad's a doctor and looked at the Xrays and didn't think my dog had a luxated patella.  My dog's pet insurance doesn't cover luxated patella surgeries, so we would have to foot the $2300 bill ourselves.  We took her to Buffalo Alta Animal Hospital for a second opinion.  Dr. Hamm, a great vet and I highly recommend him, took one look at her and immediately suspected that my dog ripped her ACL.  X-rays confirmed his suspicions.  He said that her patellas were not luxated at all.  However, b/c her torn ACL went untreated and was not detected immediately, she might develop other problems and recommended immediate surgery.  He referred us to the same orthopedic surgery place as CHAH did.  Dr. Hamm sent over my dog's X-rays to the orthopedic surgeon to make sure his diagnosis was correct and received confirmation.  I asked him if she should have the surgeon on site at his practice, and he said no, b/c he didn't have the proper equipment and these surgeries shouldn't be done anywhere else but at the orthopedic surgery facility.  Vets who recommend doing surgeries at their own facilities are just looking to charge more money because they get to charge for using their facilities.   My dog had surgery to get her ACL repaired two days later.  She recovered beautifully.  My pet insurance also reimbursed me about 75% of the cost b/c torn ACLs were covered.  I called CHAH and complained that they misdiagnosed my dog and b/c of their mistake, my pet insurance refused to reimburse the over $300 bill.  They refuse to admit that they were wrong or change their records.  No apology, nothing.  Needless to say, I never went back there again.  I'm a loyal patron of Buffalo Alta AH now.  Bottom line, Centennial Hills Animal Hospital is GREEDY, INEXPERIENCED, RUDE, AND DON'T CARE ABOUT THEIR PATIENTS.  OUR BELOVED PETS ARE ONLY CASH COWS TO THEM.  DO NOT GO THERE.
5	Love this Vet''' They came to ''' My home when my  Naver got sick and had to go over the rainbow bridge" I in fact had been useing another vet at this time' and because of the way they handled this type of situation. Not very good'' I was told about Centennial Hills Vet and Loved everyone there'' They even sent me a card afterward''' I will be bringing my new puppy to them:}
1	I have to take my dog to the vet again and I am so hesitant of vets because of this place. Taking our dog to this place was the worst mistake ever! If you don't have a couple thousand dollars sitting there for them to take they will try to make you feel like you don't care about your pet. They will tell you all this stuff that they need to do that has nothing to do with why you took them there, and if you don't agree they make you feel like you are putting your animal at risk. We took my dog in for a cut on her foot and her foot was slightly swollen. They took my dog and did X-rays and ivs and kept her overnight. We got horrible attitude from the vet because we didn't want to agree to let them keep her for 3 nights until we knew what she needed. Her reason for wanting to keep her was in case they needed to do tests and more tests.... she had a cut on her foot! Ahhh!!! God only knows what that would have added up to! We told her that if our dog needed anything else done to let us know and we would see what we could do. (We had already agreed to their $800 just for the one night) On our way home she called and said that everything came back perfect and we could pick her up the next day. I thought she was actually being nice at this point..... I was horribly mistaken.When we arrived we waited and waited to see our dog. When she walked into the room there was no bandage or anything on her foot. When I asked the vet if my dog would be fine to leave like that, she advised that they just took the bandage off before I got there.... maybe out of spite? So I asked again if she was good to go like that and the vet then advised that her foot could have used stitches, but since we said we couldn't pay for more that they didn't do anything. When I reminded her that I had told her that if my dog needed any more to let me know and we would see what we could do, all she did was repeat that we said we couldn't do it so they didn't do anything. What a snotty little brat vet!  At that point I was so upset that we left.....after telling her what I thought about her little attitude...... I couldn't listen to another word she had to say. She couldn't care less about animals. All she cared about was how much money she could get out of us and when she didn't get what she wanted, she threw a temper tantrum and acted like a brat. Please don't take your animal here. I feel awful for leaving her there! All I can hope is that they actually took care of her while she was there and that she didn't have to suffer cause this vet didn't get what she wanted.I hope this helps someone else from making the same mistake that we did.
5	I took my Pitbull "Boomer" here because he injured his paw. The nail was completly ripped off the quick and the raw meat was showing. The staff attended to us right away and didnt even charge me as an emergency visit. The vet was super friendly and really made me feel like I was in the right place. The preformed a "Way Back" on his paw and supplied him with Pain Medication and a cone. When I checked out the cashier showed me my invoice and the Vet waived the emergency fee of $300.00 waived the medication price of $15.00 and only charged me for the "Way Back" wich was $171.00 5 Stars all the way!!! Thank you for the excellence.
5	Our dogs have been taken care of for the past 8+years...I'm confused by all the bad reviews, of course during holidays or after 8:30am they can be busy but the front always does their best to get people in and out in a timely fashion.We adore DR Brady VanderLind but all the Vet's are good. The Tech's are the BEST; very friendly & caring! They have great follow up...We even moved to Summerlin 2years ago & found no one to replace them so we drive out of the way for their services!
5	After moving here I found this vet hospital with Dr. Lopez through a referral from my vet 2200 miles away.  My beagle hurt her back leg jumping and we went to see Dr. Lopez there.  He took a lot of time with her and with us explaining everything about her legs and hips and knew I wanted to treat her more naturally which he was fully agreeable with.  Dr. Lopez was compassionate with my girl and extremely friendly and didn't push me into surgery for her.  All three of mine will be going to see him when they need excellent vet care.  I'd give a rating of 10 plus if they let me!  The rooms are clean and the staff is friendly also.  Would highly recommend!
2	I am only giving this place 2 stars because Dr. Stooksbury is amazing and has taken great care of our two rescued dogs.  Yesterday our female started shaking, throwing up and all kinds of fun stuff.  We took her in and were seen by Dr. Evans.  Although we were disappointed that Dr Stooksbury wasn't able to see her/us, we were happy to be seen on quick notice by Dr. Evans.    Well they of course ran all the blood work and did an X-ray immediately.  They didn't find anything with doing those things which were $330 in about 45 mins.  Next was suggested a barium G.I. tract study to check for a possible blockage, that would keep her there overnight.  As we were quite worried about the sudden and pretty dramatic turn for the worse our pup had taken in one day, we elected to do that.  The front desk said we would need to put down a deposit before we left...$600 was cyphoned from my credit card faster than you can blink.  We went home and got an update that our dog was doing great late that night.   I called in the morning and spoke to the front desk and they said she was doing better and hadn't been sick.  Dr. Evans called and left a voicemail saying our dog was definitely in better spirits than when we brought her in, and that she could tell she was feeling much better and we were free to come get her. We went to pick her up and it took about 30 seconds to see that she wasn't feeling much better and still wasn't her normal self.  We decided to take her home with the medications instead of leaving her for another night.  We paid the remaining $532 on the bill!!!  The total for one night at this place and no new answers as to what was wrong with our dog came to $1126. Now comes the fun part... They took our dog with her collar and leash the day before when we left her there, as they quickly took her for tests.  They were not with her when they brought her out for us to take home and were nowhere to be found.  Dr. Evans let us know that all pet items are placed in a bin with medications belonging to that Pet, so if they had the leash and collar (plus all her legal tags) it would have been in the back.  Dr. Evans proceeded to explain that they always give the pets leashes and collars to the owners so they don't get lost and that she didn't know what could've happened to them.  The Vet said time and again they did not have our items, we must have taken them home.  We said we'd like for someone to look around AGAIN just to be sure they weren't placed somewhere out of the "normal".  The Dr. went to the back room and returned saying her Tech told her that she distinctly remembered giving the leash and collar to us, explaining that it's important that we keep the items belonging to our pet so they don't get lost and that we definitely had them.  My wife and I were very upset after paying a small fortune to learn nothing of why our dog was/is so sick, and then to be brushed aside for something small like a collar and leash.  The best part was that Dr. Evans was laughing during this exchange and making pretty clear condescending facial expressions as to how serious we were about getting back the items that they couldn't possibly have kept track of for 1 night.  After another unpleasant exchange, no sympathy, or apology for our missing items, the Vet said she would have the vet techs do a good search and call us if they found them, and that if we found them at home to give them a call.  (That would be impossible since they never gave them to us.)  On the way out the door my wife happens look at the wall behind the receptionist area to see the leash and collar that "they specifically remember giving us" hanging on the wall.  She asked to see Dr. Evans again and was told of course that she was really busy and couldn't come out to talk to her.  We have never been treated with so much disregard after paying that much money for a service.  They really blew it in our eyes, because each one of the 8 Vets that work there should have the same level of respect for the clients.  Dr Evans never even covered what kind of diet we should put our dog on to transition her back to eating normal, nor did she explain the medications or what they are for.  We are smart and capable people who can do our own research, but we shouldn't have to.  Absolutely the worst experience and looking to switch to a different clinic.  We will miss Dr. Stooksbury if we do...she is great!
5	New to Las Vegas and have used this and one other vet, also very good but on the other side of town,. Love this place. They made me and my pups feel comfortable from the beginning. I feel comfortable in trusting them with my dogs care if there was an emergency and every day care. Plus their prices are great!
5	I brought my hedgehog to centennial hills animal hospital.   Dr. Madden was our vet.  His team did a wonderful job of getting my hedgehog well and happy!   I was very satisfied with there care and would defiantly recommend them.
1	I am completely horrified at the service I received from Centennial Hills Animal Hospital. Please,  please,  please do not take your animal to this place if you truly care about your family member. The staff will not care about your concerns,  only your money.
5	We found an abandoned dog on a highway in the middle of nowhere about 2.5 hours from Vegas. We decided to bring her to the vet to see of she was alright, get shots, etc. The front desk staff are very friendly and helpful, answering all of the questions we had. I think the front desk manager's name is Linda, and she was wonderful. The veterinarian we had, Brady Vanderlind was very kind, and made sure the dog was okay. He gave us information about insurance, quotes on future shots, spaying, etc. The prices are very reasonable, compared to where we are from (we are visiting Vegas for a few months), and if you are a new client, the first medical exam and rabies shot is free. Our total for a check up, 4 vaccines, and a fecal exam to see if she has any parasites came to 55$ +tax! If we decide to keep the dog, and travel back home with her, we will definitely go back to Centennial Hills! The employees were are great to us and our possible new family member!
4	We have taken our pets there, and have been very happy with the vets and the care they have taken for our pets.
5	Centennial Hills Animal Hospital has been very good to us. We have taken our bulldog here a few times and our dog has been treated great every time. We always deal with Dr. Brady Vanderlind and he is absolutely wonderful. Dr. Vanderlind is extremely knowledgeable, friendly, and has an answer and a solution for all of our dogs problems. We have an English Bulldog with multiple issues so it is very important to us that we have someone that knows what's going on. I highly recommend Dr. Vanderlind to anyone with any type of pet as from what I have experienced he will have a solution and be extremely friendly in the process.
5	I have nothing but high praise for this clinic.  Our little one was attacked by a dog that jumped our fence.  This happened at 7 pm, long after most clinics have closed. The staff and the vet were wonderful and helped to ease this mom's mind.  Big plus to the fact that they open at 6:30am and close at 7:30.
4	My dog has now had both knees operated on here and the did a good job both times with the dog and me. Not a fun time but they took very good care of him. I also board him here when I am out of town and the prices and quality blow away the others places.
5	I love this veterinarian'a office. My dog has seen all of the dr's. They are all equally caring and compassionate. There is always someone answering the phone even after there late extended hours(7:30). They explain everything in detail and work with you. The ladies at the front desk are friendly and go out of there way to help. Thanks:)
2	My Bulldog was having some discharge coming from her eye and it was clearly irritated. I wasn't sure if it was just conjunctivitis, the beginning of prolapse, or something else? I took her to Centennial Hills Animal Hospital, as it is the closest vet to my house and that is where my dog has had her shots and she has also been boarded there before. Other than sometimes having to wait a ridiculous amount of time somedays, I haven't had any complaints about CHAH, of course I haven't had any major issues with my dog before either. I was shown into a room where I waited for about 10 min. When a vet tech came in, not a vet. I had to tell her what was going on with my dogs eye, when she proceeded to look right at her eye and tell me that it wasn't conjunctivitis and then tell me she would be back with my dog because she was going to take her in the back and have the vet do a stain on the eye to make sure there wasn't a cut on the eye. Um, what? So just like that, I don't even get to talk to a vet at all, and you are telling me what is not wrong with my dogs eye!! Then about 10 min. later the vet tech returns with a price break down of the high and low costs of the tests that they want to do to my dogs eye, but wait I haven't even seen or talked to a vet yet!!! Then she says also your dogs feet don't look normal so you should have us test those too! Huh? I am here for her eye, and I am just trying to see a fricking VET, and I am only getting a vet tech! What the heck! I told her I would have to call my husband and review all the costs with him. About 10 min. later the Vet, Brady Vanderlind finally comes in! He then goes over the high and low costs of the tests they want to do and makes me sign on the test I choose. Then he goes and finally does the eye stain. The whole time my poor dog was in the back probably freaking out :-/ When they are done with the eye stain the vet tech brings my dog back into the room and takes her foot and says are you you don't want us to test this, because its NOT normal! NO, I don't want you to test my dogs feet! I know what it is, and despite what you think, I am not a moron! Dr. Vanderlind prescribed some drops for my dog. He said that if they didn't work she would have to have surgery on her eyelid. Of course the drops didn't work. I wound up taking her to Dessert Inn Animal Hospital to see Dr. Dennis Arn. He is a Bulldog specialist. I should have gone to him to begin with, as he has helped us in the past and he is a wonderful vet. I just hate that he is so far away. Lesson learned! I don't care how far I have to drive! It is worth the drive, to see a vet and not a vet tech and not to be hustled and harassed about stuff you are not even there for!! Not to mention you get quality vet care the first time, every time! Dr Arn was able to help my dog and guess what, she doesn't need surgery.... amazing!!
4	Loving and caring vets and support staff, great service.  A little bit of wait sometimes as they are busy, but they won't take advantage of your pocketbook.
3	Seems to be a lot of miscommunication here. It seems like anytime I bring my dog here, multiple people are operating with different information which creates confusion. Other than that, they DID help me diagnose my puppy's liver issues pretty painlessly.
5	Great service, friendly staff and very workable hours and appointment times! We just moved here and took our cat last week...they were able to accommodate her as a walk in and even stayed late to make sure we had what we needed. Great vet!
1	We have been taking our two dogs here for about three years, and as many times as we have tried to give them the benefit of the doubt, we will be looking for a new vet and facility after today.  All the vets and this facility care about is making a buck. They don't really care about the health, or welfare of your animal.  They run unnecessary tests (often times, that they have been specifically asked not to run) and then they want you to pay for them! They give misleading and often inaccurate information, and half the time come off as though they don't really know what they are talking about at all!! One of our dogs began having seizures, and we had to start medicating her. Dr. Lopez put her on a dosage amount that was at least 10-16mg over the recommended daily dosage, WTH! Then we take her back in because now she is having other issues, probably because her medication dosage is WAY to high, and can't even talk to the prescribing vet, unless we want to pay another office exam fee! This place is ridiculous, and a joke!! Don't waste your time here, and take your business elsewhere.
1	So this updated review for Centennial Hills Animal Hospital should be a big fat ZERO stars!!! Today I received a registered letter in the mail from CHAH telling me that I have been terminated from there permanently because of my behavior and interactions with their staff and Doctors. Then attached to this ridiculous letter was a list of all the other vets in town that CHAH is affiliated with that I have also been banned from. Then they didn't even have the balls to sign the letter, LAME!!And are they for reals?? Because even though they hustle you and treat you like crap I have only ever been super polite! Like the day I came home in tears and my husband wanted to call them up and rip them apart for being so rude, I told him absolutely not! So I am guessing they read my Yelp review and got a little butt hurt!! Well guess what, CHAH the truth hurts! Who would go back to this overpriced crap ass vet office anyway? Um, not me!
1	I have to say that the customer service in this establishment was terrible. One of the most important things  a company must do to be successfull  is have great customer service. I walked in and stood in front of the front desk, not one person greeted me. There were four people at the front desk and before anyone acknowledged me they helped two people that walked in after me. After I got checked in to get vaccinations for my dogs I asked the doctor to look at a rash on my dog and the so called doctor would not look at it, she kept trying to get me to pay an additional $42.00. I asked her if she could tell me if it looked serious and I would be happy to pay the $42.00, but she wouldn't say anything except that she couldn't look at him until I paid for the exam fee. Not to mention the helper who was very impatient and hurtful to the dog, I had to intervene. I will never go back. Your pet is a part of your family and I would never let a member of my family be treated like that.
2	Until recently I have always had great service.  I make appointments in advance for boarding and never have any problems getting him reserved.  The past 2 times I have been there I have been either overlooked, (waiting at the counter), then, they take the next person without regard to people waiting because they know them and engage in conversation with them.  Either way I consider this unprofessional.When I voiced my concern the person I spoke with acted like she could care less.
5	Another GREAT visit today with Dr Brady, now Kida has clean teeth, ears, nails & a hydrosurge bath again!* this was supposed to be posted 2 weeks ago & I don't know why it didn't work the first time!
5	Brought my pup Maverick to get a lump checked. He had this lump that ended up being a tumor... and the first thing that came to mind was that C word... luckily it wasnt that and it was removed... but what i have to say about CHAH is that their staff is amazing and friendly since day one... they took care of us really well and i will def recommend this place
3	We've only been here once and it was a walk in appt for immunizations. My main complaint is that they took our small dog out of the exam room and into another room behind closed doors for her shots... Maybe this is standard in some places, but I've always been to places where they do the shots in front of you and you can console your dog while they are receiving their vaccines. They have very affordable vaccines but at the same time, I would like to physically witness my dog getting them and be able to comfort her as she gets them. Just made me wonder if she even got all the shots they said she got... We will give them another chance and I will request to be present when she gets her vaccines. Our Vet was definitely young, but he seemed knowledgable. I believe his name was Dr. Thibedeaux.
2	Brought my adult dog in for a 3day stay. The staff was not very friendly right from the start. They called me the next day to tell me my dog had bad diarrhea and that they needed to give her antibiotics and that I'd have to pay for it. When we can to pick her up she looked so incredibly stressed out, which was probably the reason for her tummy issues. They completely ignored us for about 10 minutes. We're finally home, no diarrhea at all, but she did manage to rub her nose raw and no-one bothered to mention it. Not sure if they even noticed it or just didn't care to tell us. She is so relieved to be home but i can tell she had a bad couple of days. We do dog boarding about once every other month and she's never had diarrhea issues, never rubbed her nose raw, never came home so upset. I will be taking her back to her usual place next time even though it's 25 minutes out our way and i will never return here. The only reason i didn't do ONE star is because the lady i booked with was nice, the place seemed clean and I'm hoping that our experience isn't an everyday thing. I however will not be giving a second chance. Good luck!
5	This place is great u never need an appointment and its cheap for the animal shots. We have been to a few other places but this location is by far the best. We drive from 95 and Jones if that tells u anything. Plus if u get on the freeway u can get anywhere pretty quickly. Really this animal hospital is the best u can board ur animals here get their shots, cleanings bath-spas. They offer a lot and the staff is so nice to u and ur animals.
