3	Just your basic convention center often chosen by my firm to hold huge meetings. The food is surprisingly good, as good as I've found in convention centers. I expect dried chicken but instead got veal filet. And I don't even know what that desert was except it was freaking amazing. As convention centers go, it works. Plenty of room/rooms for a large firm such as my employer. Service is OK and we were able to get the waiter's attention which goes against conventional wisdom concerning convention centers.
3	The latest DNA Tumor virus meeting was held here for about 200 people over 5 days.  Overall everything went very well.  I wasn't a huge fan of the food.  They tried, but their attempts at exotic dishes missed the mark.The room where the talks were held was very big with high ceilings and semi-stadium seating so that people in the back could see.  The screen wasn't huge, but it was big enough.The last night we had a banquet in the large ballroom on the top floor, and that was very nice.  It looks like a wedding venue.  It would make a very nice wedding venue actually and I'm sure they have them there all the time.  So it was a little weird feeling like I was at a wedding with a bunch of virus scientists....  The service during lunch/dinner was great.  The waiters were nice and attentive.  No complaints there.Overall, I liked the venue and wouldn't mind going back there for another meeting.  Be careful with the food though.
3	Your average convention centre. I was here for a large meeting (easily several hundred people) and the room was quite nice. It looked like with a bit of rearranging and some extras it would be great room in which to hold a banquet. I found the layout a little confusing, with stairs spiraling through the center. It seemed like I had to walk quite far to find bathrooms since they were only on certain levels, and the signs didn't help much.  This would be a good venue for a large event that occupied the entire venue, as I could see a lot of creative use of space.  For a meeting using just one room, it wasn't optimal, as I felt like I was going to barge into another event each time I walked up a staircase or turned a corner.
