5	Yea for In the RA Fitness!  I love this place ... all things Zumba. The owners have created an awesome variety of classes and skilled instructors. They know how to get the group excited to burn some calories while having a fun time! The new location has great parking right out front.  While I haven't taken the classes yet, they also offer "Real Ryder" which is a spin class with bikes that tilt side-to-side for an extra core work out. One of these days I'll brave the class. For now I'll stick with Zumba.
5	NOT CLOSED THANK GOODNESS THAT IS A YELP ERROR! Still in biz at a faaabulous new location bigger and better than before - still the BEST Zumba classes in town - if you haven't had a Zumba class from Serina or Ryan, you haven;t had a Zumba class! And check out the Real Ryder classes if you like to spin - a whole new slant (pun intended - the bikes actually move from side to side giving you a whole body and core workout all at once.) And now they have room for retail so you can get your wardrobe workout in too! Love this place and cannot say enough great things about it!
5	In the RA Fitness is an amazing Group Fitness Studio! With a combination of dance, indoor cycling and positive energy In the RA fitness is the place to be. Serina and Sherin, the owners, have dedicated themselves to providing a positive safe enviornment to help students reach their fitness goals. It is because of this studio and these instructors I have maintained a 50 pound weight loss over the last two years. If you are looking to change your life and achieve your goals this is the place for you!!!
5	If you're a fitness beginner or an athlete ... or somewhere in between... In the Ra is a phenomenal studio.  I found In the Ra on a whim - I had wanted to check out Zumba but was dragging my feet - afraid I would look silly.  But this studio makes everyone feel like a rockstar - Sherin and Serina have done an amazing job creating an atmosphere that is not intimidating but instead, fun, challenging and always upbeat.I started off taking 1 Zumba class a week.  Now, I'm at In the Ra for at least 6 classes a week and I've branched out and tried other classes (my new favorite is the cardio strip tease - it's much more tame than the name implies!!).  The point being - there is an array of classes for whatever you might enjoy.I am a total addict and try to bring my friends as often as possible - one is even an instructor there now.No matter where you live, In the Ra is worth the drive and worth your time.  You'll get more out of it than just a great workout.  You'll get confidence, friends and a great feeling of accomplishment!
5	I first heard about In the RA earlier this year during the Melrose Street Fair where they had a booth set up. I always wanted to try it but it wasn't until my friend Kim began to teaching there, that I went to support her. This was when they were at the 7th St location but I, like many of their students, have followed them to this new location. The new location is bigger (but beware that they are still in the middle of the new renovations) and boy, have their classes expanded!In the RA offers Zumba, Zumba Toning, yoga, spin classes (bikes tilt 20 deg), Flirty Girl fitness, etc. Their website is very comprehensive and you can sign up for classes online and pay for your membership online. The studio also sells women and mens fitness clothes, accessories, shoes, etc. I bought some adorable/sexy Zumba tops that are very comfortable. Other than that, the other great thing are the owners, the instructors and the people that come there to work out. It is so laid back and everyone is having fun and happy to be there. Being that I have a gym membership and Bikram yoga pass, I often wonder how practical it is to frequent a 3rd place to work out. But every time I go, it reaffirms to me how special this studio is. So, even though I am the sporadic attendee, the girls always remember me and glad I came. Try In the RA and you will be welcomed with open arms!
