4	Beyer Motorworks are honest, respectable, quick, passionate about their work, fair in price....ye(l)p - this company is fantastic! It is difficult enough being a girl in a man's world, and the world of auto mechanics is  precisely that...am I right?Beyer Motorworks specialize in BMW and Volvo and have been in the Valley since 1987...Roy, the owner is always there,  gives the car a final 'once over' and calls you personally with follow ups....call me old-fashioned, but there is something about that type of customer service that is gripping, and will keep me coming back! I have been getting regular oil changes there for the past year and have taken her there for additional issues including a new horn, muffler, brakes...(actually the brakes issue ended up being resolved with a minor $60 cable replacement - their honesty saved me at least $400!!!!!) I will definitely take my MINI there for all other repairs moving forward...no one else compares.AND, they have a shuttle service! (Dale the driver) has the coolest mustache ever.~i like
5	I've had experience with three other BMW repair shops in PHX, also the dealer on Camelback.  While the others were (mostly) ok, Beyer is the best.  Got me in quickly.  Offered courtesy ride to my home.  Very pleasant from van drivers to receptionist on the phone.  The owner is knowledgeable and you deal with him directly.  Finally, the costs seemed reasonable, explained clearly, no hard sell.  They should all be like this.  I highly recommend Beyer.
5	I've had a lot of experience with BMW dealers and some local shops and I can tell you that Beyer Motor Works is the place to go.  Roy is honest!  He will tell you when work needs to be done, what work can wait and offers reasonable pricing for all services.  I'm so thankful that I've found this shop.  The cost to maintain my car has gone down since I started bringing it to Beyer because they do the work right the first time.  They also have a courtesy shuttle that will take you home while you wait for your car to get fixed.  I highly recommend Beyer to anyone with a BMW.  The shop also services Mini and Volvo and I'm sure that service is just as good for those cars as well.
5	After searching for years to find a dependable repair shop in Phoenix for our Volvo's, was very pleased to discover the professionals at Beyer Motor Works. Great service at a reasonable cost which is much lower than Volvo dealers in the Valley of the Sun. Have taken our car to another non-dealer Volvo shop that totally ripped us off, it was a pleasure to do business with a reputable repair shop.
5	The local BMW dealer recommended $3500 in repairs on my 535  that had less than $65k miles on it.  Nice over-sell!  Took the car to Beyer and Roy put it on the lift, reviewed the recommendations, then brought me out to the shop to see for myself the underside of the car and why half of the recommendations were not necessary at this time.  Booked an appointment to have the needed work done, had the shuttle take me to work and pick me up, work was done as quoted, car washed and ready to go!  Staff was very friendly and efficient, facility was very clean.  Very glad to find a trusted replacement for the dealer.  My business is theirs to lose from this point forward!
5	Beyer Motor Works is awesome, honest, and FAST!!!!  They are quick to fix the car (we have a 10 year old Volvo), honest and fair prices.  It really is a pleasure to do business with them.  Roy is fantastic and communicates well.  I highly recommend them.
