3	Diminion cinema is a nice looking cinema in edinburgh.Good selection of food before you go in like popcorn and all your other snacks.Not as big as others as it is rather small.
5	If you're tired of the identikit plastic 'cineplex' experience, the 'dom' is worth its weight in gold. A real family cinema, still run by the same family that's been in charge for decades. But unlike many such places, this one hasn't fallen behind the times. In fact, with their luxury seating (electric recliners or sofas with footstools in cinema 1) with drinks and snacks at your seat, for example, they've been in the forefront of innovation. It has genuine charm. And you must check out the photos of Mr Cameron meeting everyone from Sir Sean to Dame Judy on the stairs down to the caff. A real one-off gem.
5	There are not many cinemas in Edinburgh as comfortable as this one...infact, there are no other cinema's in Edinburgh as conformable as this one! There are two main screens and a further two smaller screens, and the two main ones have sofa's! Yeah, sofa's! And recliners and the comfiest seats in the world.The sofa's in particular are great - you can lounge out or snuggle in, whatever you prefer. You can even put your feet up. It just makes the whole viewing experience all the better! It is a bit expensive however, but I think it's worth it. I've lost count of the amount of times I've had cramp from sitting in tiny cinema chairs. Not anymore!
5	I came to the Dominion to watch Invictus a few months back. It is one of the old cinemas of the town and it has kept the style and ambiance of such a place. Their website is not good at all, no screenings are posted anywhere, so you are best to call them to receive a recording of their screenings and times. Despite of this I love this cinema! We took golden class tickets, which despite their steep price (about 8.50 pounds for a normal ticket) they give you a packet of Pringles and you get to sit in this enormous cinema room filled with comfortable sofas and foot rests. Forget the crampness other cinemas may have, this place doesn't seem to care too much on how many people it can squeeze in. The sofas would be perfect for a date but also are great to kick back with friends and enjoy a movie.
4	Art Deco styling of any kind, plus anything cool, independent and doing its own thing, despite industry pressure, earns my reviewing respect, plus gets the joy of my attendance. The Dominion is one such venue of leisure that fits this description, and when I do go here to see a film, I almost feel guilty for putting up with the fairly clinical get up and characterless feel of other cinemas, just because they're more convenient to go to. The Dominion is well worth making a trip out of town for, as it makes going to the cinema quite an exciting experience when you're seeing the film in a traditional environment, that hasn't been mass produced.In fact, the Dominion isn't massively out of town, it's actually really easy to get to from town, as it's just off the main bus route going through Morningside. The perks of coming here are the comfy seats and more than usual amounts of leg room, although that's never really a problem for me, being in the "vertically challenged" category. There's also a good range of films to keep both art house film lovers and mainstream aficionados happy.
4	The Dominion is a fantastic local cinema. A fresh brake from endless Odeons.Not far from the city centre, in the Morningside area, its not far to come and have a much more interesting evening than you might have at a chain cinema. The prices are a little dearer but not by much.The building itself is worth seeing. It has a fantastic art-deco facade and an attractive interior. There are two large screens and two small screens. The biggest is huge but the smallest is, unfortunately, a little too small. You'll always hear people rave on about how great the seats are. It's true! There are really comfortable reclining chairs and sofas to match. So many cinemas hurt your back (and more). The Dominion Cinema will keep you comfy all the way through your film, and if its too boring you can always have a snooze.A great independent cinema with a nostalgic aesthetic. Recomended!
5	This cinema is renowned in Edinburgh, while at the same time being quite a well-kept secret. Maybe because it's out of the centre of the city and isn't an Odeon. It's also quirky as hell. It's one of the oldest cinemas in Edinburgh, and apart from the regular red velvet cinema chairs, there're also sofas! Sofas! It's almost like watching a film in the comfort of your own home, except that most people don't have an enormous screen in the comfort of their own home. Then again, some do. And going to the Dominion is still a lot more fun than staying at home. My first time there, I went to watch Hallam Foe, which, apart from Trainspotting, is one of the few films about Edinburgh. I'd seen it before, but I didn't want to miss out on watching a good film in the Dominion. See, though the cinema itself is awesome, the films they've been showing lately haven't been all that grand. I mean, they're showing exactly what you'll find at the Odeon. Which is one of the few reasons I'll give for choosing the Filmhouse or the Cameo over the Dominion. But, remember, going to the Dominion is a bit more than just going to the cinema.
4	If going to the cinema is for you more about the cinematic experience than simply seeing a new release as cheaply as possible then this is where you should watch your next film.It's not the cheapest cinema and there's only really two screens worth watching a film in, but this will be something different.  You'll walk in expecting the neat rows of seats like an army at ease, but instead it will welcome you in with a more homely feel.Bar the seats which are slightly different to what you might expect, thi is a cinema that reflects fondly on the 60s when cinemas were the new thing in town - well worth a visit.
4	This is simply the best cinema I've ever been to. Leather recliner seats and couches and free pringles! It's a bit expensive compared to Cineworld or The Odeon but worth every penny. This is the place to come if you fancy a change from the identikit cinemas.
5	How cinemas should be! Three seat sofas for two, free pringles chips (yes chips, not crisps!) and big bottles of beer, heaven. I saw the King's Speech over the weekend and thoroughly enjoyed it on 2 fronts...a great movie bound for glory and a great setting in which to experience it.
5	Without a doubt the best cinema I have ever been to!I recently had the opportunity to purchase 2 tickets to see any film at the Dominion for a heavily discounted price, including a drink each and a tub of Pringles. Although the cinema is slightly out of my way, having usually settling for the Vue in the center of town, I thought this an opportunity I couldn't miss!As soon as I walked through the door I could instantly see the beauty of such an old and homely venue. The entrance was lovely and staff at the reception were welcoming and friendly. All of the pictures taken with actors/actresses and directors lining the walls on the way to the screens really add to the old school cinema experience. It was really a treat to sit on the comfy two-seater couches and put our feet up, and it made a change from the extremely busy and expensive Vue. Even though it is slightly further away I will be journeying back just for the comfort and relaxed atmosphere.It's like watching films in your home but on a much larger screen :D
4	The Dominion is a cool comfortable cinema which serves booze (of the beer and wine variety).  It's an excellent place to come and relax on a plush couch, with a beer, to watch a movie which doesn't need a massive screen with mega sound and the various bells and whistles.  But, if you do fancy seeing the latest blockbuster, you are best going elsewhere.  The screens are on the small side and you'll not be pleased with the hefty admission price.
4	If you want a state of the art, big screen, typical cinema this isn't for you. However if you want to feel like you're lounging in your living room watching a bloody great cinema screen then this is the one! I can only comment on screen 2, but it's basically a big room with loads of sofas. The only downside I can see to this is that some probably don't get an ideal view, but we didn't have that problem.The staff were all really helpful and cheery, the place seemed to have a general laid back friendly feel.
5	This has to be my favourite cinema in Edinburgh. It is pricey but then it's not too far off what a regular cinema costs and at this cinema you get amazing comfy seats. It's like being at home but with a massive screen and lots of strangers around you! As well as for normal cinema nights I've also been to the Dominion for a hen party before where a room was totally booked out for us! It was brilliant! They had loads of goodies for us and we got to watch, sing and...ahem dance around the room to Mamma Mia. What a different night out! Definitely worth it and they seem to have a lot of groupon deals so it's easy enough to go there for a lot cheaper.
4	The Dominion still manages to make a night out at the movies feel like a proper occasion. You can drink wine and beer and sit in leather couches and everyone gets a 'free' mini tub of Pringles which tend to get snaffled before the adverts are done.  What's not to love? It's true that it's starting to feel a wee bit dusty and a recent trip to see D'Jango was made slightly uncomfortable by a thermostat stuck on super hot.  All that aside, if there's a decent flick on, this is where you'll find me.
4	CinemazingI enjoyed my first visit here, it really is a special venue, old fashioned and quaint they do a pretty good job of setting their stall out to be unique and different to your normal multiplex experience.We went for the Gold tickets, and got a two seater couch with a huge foot stool - lots of others had taken their shoes off - I couldn't be bothered unlacing my boots! Popcorn and drinks are the usual extortionate prices, but no more than any other cinema. Large screen, good sound and such a pleasant environment you could quite easily forget that there were other people there.Not the biggest range of shows available, but that is to be expected from an indie cinema. I assume the building has always been a Cinema. I know they do special events like movie marathons and launch nights, which I think would be ideal here as it is so comfortable.It loses a star because of 2 things, number 1 its expensive - but you are paying for a unique experience, so don't hold that against the venue. The 2nd reason is that when we collected our tickets the girl at the ticket desk couldn't have been less helpful, monosyllabic responses and grunts are not the corner stones of outstanding service - take note!
5	I heard about the Dominion from a friend several years ago, thought it sounded great, and then forgot all about it. What a mistake! I have to admit that every time I have been it has been with a deal. However I have had a great time every single time. It's definitely has more of a wow factor than a 'normal' cinema.
4	Finally, I've visited the Dominion!  I've heard so much about it, just never got around to going, but I wasn't let down.  They have huge three seater scrumfy comfy black leather seats that have flip up foot rests built-in throughout the auditorium.  The ultimate comfort of film watching!  The sofas are probably the best thing about this cinema!  Just be sure to shot-gun either outer seats, as the middle seat doesn't have a foot rest!  Sound and film image is all good.  There is plenty of space, so you don't feel like sardines in a lecture theatre.  There is a bar and the usual snacks are on offer.  The staff are friendly and look very smart, in red bow ties and waistcoats. My only small gripes about this place (the minus one star) is there are only 2 female toilets on the ground floor, which lead to big cues before and after the film.  The auditorium got a bit cold mid way through the film.  The film selection is pretty low, averaging at 4 different films per day.  And I know this is a bit of a daft moan, but I wish is was more central in town (probably one of the reasons why I've not made it there, being located out in Morningside).
4	Legs' paradise!My first day in Edinburgh was a tough one for my legs. The - Meadows - Royal mile - Princes street and garden - Castle - Grassmarket - National Gallery - Buccleuch St - Bruntsfield - connection was part of my walking task. At night, they were looking for some rest, but my eyes and mind were too amazed to go to sleep. An internal agreement was reached when I recalled about the Dominion. The old-stylish building was easily recognizable from Morningside Rd.I asked the ticket counter for the next available movie. There were "Oblivion", but it was sold out (anyway, I don't like Tom Cruise as an actor, so I didn't complain :) and "Side effects" that would have started within a few mins.Let's go that side!The place looked cosy and comfy at first sight (especially my feet's first sight, I might add). Just a few rows of huge sofas with plenty of space and stools to keep your legs on. I didn't buy anything at the bar, since I was coming from Katie's Diner, but rushed to my seat to get off, rested and grateful, only at the end of the film! A perfect happy end for a beatiful day.
4	Not to sound too contradictory, but I remember the first time I unknowingly went to The Dominion. It was with my school and we went and seen Harry Potter No.1 (I forget the names - Chamber Gobbler Secrets something).Anyway, it was great back then as a blossoming child with the world at his finger tips. Fast forward to 2013 after its revamp while keeping its vintage feel, it offers me (a young 24 year old with a clearer outlook on life) a different service. The Dominion now offers me a form of class, style, uniqueness, self image, and not forgetting, comfort to my cinematic experience. It's also out of the way of the busy, hectic cinemas that reside in the City Centre. This 75 year old cinema lives in the quiet peaceful area of Morningside, along with it, independent shops and beautiful houses. Morningside is kind of like turning the volume down on a noisy record and hearing the birds chirping instead (leaving the congestion of the populated City Centre behind).P I C T U R E  T H I S : * Walking out of town barefoot with the sun in your face and Bon Iver in your ears *I do have some minor quims about The Dominion though. One being that it still holds a certain family vibe to it, which is fine, but if you went to see a kids movie I feel you'd find yourself in the middle of family disputes over who ate the last Haribo and who gets to sit next to Mummy. I presume that these things are bound to happen in any child environment and I haven't been to many children films in the cinema as a adult so I can only presume such an outcome (probably from seeing these situations in films, or from being a little rascal myself once!). Anyhoo, my point was that the general environment (such as the entrance and queues can be filled with families on certain "family show" nights.My other niggle with The Dominion is that they have a short variety of new films out at one time compared to the industrial Cineworld and Odeon. As a small independent cinema they actually do quite well to tap into the mainstream market and even have Orange 2-4-1 Wednesdays which I thought was pretty neat! But yeah, their overall selection and viewing times are quite limited due to the above. All-in-all, I have been there about four times to see new releases and I've loved the place. The seats are big ass recliner LazyBoy style with little foot cushions too. At every show they offer free re-fills on Medium sized drinks (Coke, Fanta or Sprite) and in the late night showings (after 6pm) they even hand out complimentary mini tubes of myself (Pringles) which is a nice touch! :)You do feel like you are watching a movie in your living room where someone has done a 60 minute makeover and kitted it out with Surround Sound, Big Screen, Dimmer Lights, and those big red suede panto curtains. Oh and a intimate number of your neighbours (which you forget are even there cause you're so comfy).The Dominion has a Gold 1 & a Gold 2 screen for everyday attendees with one of them being a lot bigger than the other. They are not cramped in anyway though. There is also a Gold 3 and Screen 4 for members while also having a private party room called the "Red Star" screen for a VIP bespoke viewing experience (champagne, chocolates etc) which is really nice for a special occasion or a business screening with potential or existing clients.I recommend you at least try The Dominion once over your normal cinema. The prices are a couple of pounds dearer (depending on what cinema you usually go to) but you have to remember that extra couple of pounds is going towards a much more tailored service and also contributing to a local independent company. So give it a movie or two.Let me know what you think! :)
4	Dominion CinemaI have visited this wonderfully designed cinema many times already. It is a little out of the way for my liking, but I will always make a special effort to visit. They have very good voucher deals to make the trip worth wile. What the best thing is about this cinema: their chairs, or rather their leather lazy-boyz and sofas. This is how you should enjoy cinema at home and they have created just such an atmosphere. They've got 4 Screens (2 small, 2 big) and some private screening rooms as well.As cinema entree prices are very expensive these days, I like my movie experience to have that little bit extra. I like to put my feet up, to recline and have a comfortable experience. Sometimes I even like to snuggle up with the wife on the sofa watching a blockbuster. Dominion Cinema has all that cornered! The sound and screen are all good. Not top notch, but not at all bad. I find the smartly dressed staff very friendly, helpful and polite. Their lobby entrance (there are steps) looks straight out on their service bar.They serve the usual cinema fare of popcorn, ice cream, m&m and sodas. Also the have coffee, tea, beer and wine. They are not keen on people bringing their own snacks and drinks, which is understandable as like most cinemas they make their biggest profit markup on the snacks sold. But they do allow your own water bottles. When we come across vouchers we always have one or two, so we can enjoy these luxurious surroundings slightly cheaper. -Yes, Smug alert-I recommend this for a comfortable & relaxing experience, but beware you will get disappointed with other cinema chains after you visited here.
