5	Wow, another great, brand new Chinese buffet!  Norm R, Robyn N., Mike C., Jeromy H. & I got together today to give it a try.  This place is beautiful inside, rather large, & today was featuring 149 really good food choices, plus sauces & dressings.  There's Sushi being made fresh, a Hibachi Grill (similar to Mongolian BBQ), & lots of really tasty food from various traditions to try.  To top it off, it's very inexpensive given the quality.  Try this totally 5 Star place "STAT", as Iain B. would say!     :-))Lunch Buffet $6.59/5.93 Sr.
5	Had lunch here today with Rand H, Jeromy H, and Norm R.  This is a really nice buffet restaurant with a very large and cheesy fountain when you first walk in.  The tables and booths are comfortable and set apart from the buffet area.  This buffet is huge and has all the usual Chinese buffet items, sushi, and a hibachi grill.  The peel n eat shrimp were very good, not mushy or rubbery like most places and the quality of the food was some of the best I've had for a buffet.  How this place differed than most, they had beef roast that you sliced yourself and other beef, prime rib maybe?, that were both tasty and tender.  The only drawback was most of the staff does not speak English, so don't bother asking what something is if you don't know.  Mike C asked what kind of pie/cake that was on the dessert table and was told "cake". Obviously!  It was very yummy whatever it was!
5	Another excellent buffet destination ... thanks, Rand, for organizing the gastronomic excursion! http://www.yelp.com/user_photos?userid=FOmaE6lFWFri8AQUbYTyvg&return_url=%2Fuser_details%3Fuserid%3DFOmaE6lFWFri8AQUbYTyvg&select=X_uFc1NJPF29fIHS0P-7uw This is one of the larger buffets in Phoenix and I find it to be among the best ones. The restaurant is clean, well-lit at the serving area and more dimly (but still adequately) lit at the table and booth areas. There is a large array of mostly Chinese dishes plus sushi and hibachi stations, well-prepared food, and excellent service!
5	Well this Chinese buffet just might be my favorite. They have a wide array of food and everything i ate was real good. I started with a bowl of wonton soup and the wontons were packed with meat and very tasty then it was on to the hot foods and the excellent were the ribs,roast beef,beef pie,chicken wings, Polish sausage and the pork tenderloin. Then it was on to the sweets and they were good to, I had coconut cheesecake , fresh cut pineapple, real ice cream ,and some kind of pie that was really good but when I asked what it was all they could tell me was cake. when i asked what kind of cake they just said cake, but anyway what ever it was it was damn good. I really look forward to returning here this place rocks,
1	Tried this restaurant on the reviews I read here. Apparently lunch is a stellar time to go, because at 4:30 in the afternoon it was dismal at best. The highlight of the evening was the salad bar, as the hot buffet items had neither been refreshed or looked appealing. Needless to say, I was disappointed and would run back to Lin's. This isn't saying much for the place because Lin's has been passably mediocre at best. Trying something new didn't turn out well this time, but this renegade foodie will try, try again!
5	This place had TONS of great looking food!  I ran straight to the Sushi to start, & it was slammin'!  I liked everything I ate, & it will take me a few visits to get to everything that I wanted to try.  The place was clean, all the food looked fresh, & I WILL be going back again!
1	Are you kidding me!    Five star for this place?    Five star for  the look. It looks good with many buffet table but. All long trays.    I donno how the other  guy get 140 items.   I counted 100 with the sauce and raisin pickles thing like that.    Food not tasty at all.     They are busy because they did lots of   advertisement   People are trying it outAnd the waiters,they expect a big tips just for taking the platesIce cream nasty!All long trays.     With drinks is 12 buck!!Not tasty at all.
3	This was only my second time setting foot in a Chinese Buffet, as they are not really my thing, but I went today for a some work research and was pleasantly surprised! The space was tastefully decorated and had a modern vibe to it, not what I was expecting. I think I could have done without the neon lights around the buffet area, but that is the main attraction and I guess they need to lead you there! The buffet had lots of variety of both Asian and American foods (kielbasa anyone?....weird?). There seemed to be a little bit of an issue with the labeling, some items were labeled, some were not, and some were labeled wrong; like the shrimp that was labeled "corn dog." I tried the dumplings, orange chicken, hibachi chicken, fried rice, lo mein and some cream cheese won tons. They were all tasty and still hot. They also have a large salad bar for those wanting to eat light, which was a nice touch. I didn't try the Hibachi grill section, but there was a line of people, so it was being enjoyed. The sushi was a bit questionable looking, but I don't really think that is their thing. For the price, $6.59 for lunch, you just can't beat it....so while I probably won't go out of my way to go again....it is not a bad option.
4	For the price, the atmosphere and variety, you can't beat it. Must have the mongolian BBQ (hibachi grill)
2	My daughter and I went on Saturday morning July 16th (11am opening time) to get some hot fresh Asian food. Lots of customers were already there but not sure why unless they were all first timers. Some hot foods were cold in the middle like the egg rolls, fried dumplings, etc. Actually most of the food tasted reheated, now that I think about it. Maybe left over from the night or day before. NOTHING SEEMED TO BE CRISPY. Sure there was lots of food but it was not as good as we hoped. The meals cost us about $16.00 for both of us but we didn't get $16.00 worth of food. We tried a little of almost everything that looked good but nothing was worth seconds. We didn't try the Hibachi grill though. The best part of the meal was the plentiful and fresh fruit bar. Can't really cheat on that. The restaurant was pretty clean except my table was sticky on the edge. The bathroom was clean but I suspect it was because it was still early.  As we left we wished it would have been better as we live nearby. Oh well.
1	Okay it's a buffet so i am rating this against other buffet's but it doesn't really matter because it gets one star either way.Variety is bad here, (one the layout is crappy and could have been better used to maximize space and provide more table space for different options) . The food i couldn't find one thing i like, not even vegetables. Oh wait i lied, the fried sweet donut was good and the hibachi grill was decent for a buffet one.  Bad part about the hibachi grill...i was waiting there for 5 minutes before the chef even came out of the backroom to start cooking my food. Also i got a glimpse of the backroom when he opened the door, i wish i didn't GROSS!!!Also they had some workers cleaning snow peas on a table where people eat....i decided to avoid snowpeas for my trip after seeing that. Not a food surface and not okay.Plus side, this place is really clean for a buffet. Lots of places to sit so you can bring a group. The price is very reasonable...but than again you pay for what you get...cheap price cheap/crap food.Wait i'm not done...thats right i am not done. The wait staff was horrible, All the other 4 that were on duty were too busy talking to each other, braiding each others hair and gossiping about customers while one guy was busy busting his butt off trying to wait on a dozen or more tables all over the restaurant. Not only was it one guy doing it all, but this guy barely spoke any english (i am not hating on him for not speaking english), He REALLY REALLY could have used some help from the chatty kathy's in the back. Hopefully they wont have to split tips, because none of the other workers deserved it.
4	Cheap! 9.99 for dinnerFood was okay, service was good. I really enjoyed the wide selection of fresh fruits! Bf and I are huge dessert fans, when it comes to banana pudding, we find that buffets are skimpy with their Nilla wafers! But not here!! They jam packed it with tons of Nilla wafers!
2	A Five Star Place! no way,   People you need to get out more, the world is bigger than the Hibachi Grill and Supreme Buffet.  how could someone disrespect other five star restaurants that "work hard" for quality taste and expirence to offer their best they can.My review is more to give argument to the five star reviews.Reasons people gave  five stars, its cheap and large amount of items to choose from.    "I did not hear how great the food taste or abut any specialty items that are prepared."  I'm not saying don't eat there, all places are worth the try.
5	Food was great,clean environment and bathroom, grill and sea food grill, great sushi and  very nice dining areaNot sure why other rated very low! It is great and will be my first choice whenever I'm in that area :)don't overfill your self and select your food wisely otherwise  you will end up hating it, you must give it a try
4	Buffet has many foods to choose from. Some of the foods were well worth the price of the buffet. Place is clean and waiters are always coming by to refill drinks. A good place to eat cheap and good food.
5	My husband and I went there today for lunch, the place is easy to find right by harbor freight tools and parking was easy. The restaurant is very clean and the buffet looks delicious and laid out well. The food was a step above what I am used to having at other buffets and sushi quality was very high and well executed. Wait staff was very nice and did a great job of taking care of us. We will be going back for more.
1	I heard around that this place was better than the infamous "Pacific Buffet" (which I don't even like by the way). I was up and ready to try it, as I walked around the food islands. I wanted to leave. Food was dried up, sushi was not fresh.. We didn't leave because we've already drove so far for this place. I did not like anything but the fried rice I customized myself.
4	This is a new place and the food was very good as far as buffets go. The price is very affordable. I rated 4 out of 5 simply because the wait staff was lacking basic customer service skills. We had asked a waiter for something and he told us that we needed to ask the waitress that was assigned to the table. Eventually, he ended up helping us out regardless. I think he could have agreed and told our original waitress in the back or complied with the request without saying anything. Other than that, good food, decent prices, and good atmosphere. I would definitely visit again and recommend this place.
5	Can't beat the price and variety. It's great for what it is, a cheap Chinese buffet and grill. I skip the sushi and load up on sweet and sour soup, Chinese donuts and sesame balls with green tea ice cream for dessert! I've blown way too much cash in those quarter sliders. Whee! Convent location by the mall and nerd table top gaming store not far.
2	My experience was overshadowed by the cons: the hostess said that drinks were included in the buffet price and then the drinks were added to the final bill, many buffet items are not identified in writing, what appeared (i.e. I'm not 100% sure) to be a small, white maggot was on a piece of steak from the Mongolian stir-fry area, the sushi was mediocre and they didn't have any snow crab legs.Other than that, most of the food was decent.  There are plenty of Chinese dishes (imagine a more authentic version of Panda Express) and there are some good seafood dishes with plenty of shrimp available.  The ice cream is also pretty yummy and the buffet price is reasonable.
5	Stopped back in here for lunch yesterday, joined by Mike C. & Robyn N.  The dining rooms in this big place are still my favorite of all the Hibachi locations, & the food didn't disappoint.  The particulars from my original review below still apply & the price has increased only a little.Oh, if only all of the Chinese Buffets in the Valley were as good as this one!     :-))Weekday Lunch Buffet $6.99/$6.29 Sr.
4	I've always enjoyed this location, but when I went here this past Saturday, the place was shut down! There was a letter posted on the door saying that the tenants hadn't paid their rent and the locks had been changed. So I guess this location is closed until further notice? I guess the bright side was that they were closed down for not paying the bills rather than a health code violation...
3	After almost 9 months, I finally made it back around to Hibachi here for lunch today.  Some good things I noted:*  They have increased their food selection to 158 items plus sauces & dressings, matching the Valley's largest Buffet, Pacific Seafood!*  They had a fairly good selection of Sushi out today, and the Mongolian Style "Hibachi" BBQ was good.*  Some of the food was special, such as real slices of fresh pineapple, good cottage cheese and a big selection of EIGHT kinds of real ice cream included in the desserts.*  The slightly increased prices continue to be very reasonable for this restaurant model.                                                                                                                                                  `Some not-so-good things I noted:*  The seat in my booth seemed too low for the table height.*  Some foods were mislabled or not labeled at all.*  The "Hibachi Rice" was greasy.*  The fried chicken was dry & way off from what it should have been.*  Some pork pieces (knuckles?) had tough meat & gristle.Much is still right with this place & it's nearly 4 Stars, but it has slipped some from it's original greatness.  They need to tune things up a little bit.Weekday Lunch Buffet:  $7.35/$6.62 Sr.
4	About $10 per person. I ate so much that I felt bloated (not there fault, mine). They have a lot of variety and have tasty honey chicken. All you need and expect from a Chinese buffet.
4	This is a good buffet, especially for the price. But as a die hard fan of sushi... There is certain things you NEVER put in sushi. Number one... bananas. number two... breaded chicken... ??? Other than that... I like this buffet. I'm rating this four stars because it's my fault for being willing to eat sushi at a buffet. Lol
4	It's been a little over a year this time, but I made it back over here today, joined by Mike C. & Jackie R.  I counted 142 food items plus sauces & dressings, down from 158 last time but still easily qualifying these guys as a "Super" Buffet (even if "Supreme" might better be saved for the likes of Bacchanal in Las Vegas).     :-)  *  A good selection of fresh Sushi was out, as well as some of my other favorites in that serving area including Kim Chee and tasty, bright green string seaweed.  The Mongolian style "Hibachi" BBQ was roaring away with a good selection of meats, veggies, fruit, eggs & so on, to enjoy grilled to perfection while you wait & watch.*  More of my other usual favorites were here today, including creamy cottage cheese, fried chicken and fried rice (both of these two up to par this time) and their big selection of EIGHT kinds of creamy, real ice cream, chilled just right for easy scooping.     :-)Weekday Lunch Buffet price is up a little from last year but still a good value at $7.99/$7.19 Sr. and I really enjoyed my lunch here today!     :-))
5	On a whim went in with no idea what to expect. The exterior lacks the pizazz of some of the neighboring buildings but once inside I was elated to find a sea of steaming basins. The selection is enormous. And the quality very impressive. Much better food quality than most giant buffets I have dined in. There is plenty of American food, and even some tacos, for those inclined. For me it was all about the clams, egg foo yung, dumplings, beef and broccoli, steamed flounder, crayfish, and soups. I look forward to coming back with some serious munchies and more time. The desserts look awesome.
