1	3/12/11: The staff in this Brighton store are hardly ever helpful.  About every 3 visits I have a good experience.  Today's salesperson prompted me to write this review.  Roberta didn't even bother to say hello and when I explained that I was there because I wanted to get my Brighton purse repaired, she was less than helpful.  First, she hemmed and hawed.  Then she asked if I had registered it.  Then she tells me that if I've had the purse more than 5 years, I have to pay for it to be repaired.  Since the conversation was quickly going nowhere, I left without leaving the purse for repair nor purchasing the items I intended to purchase.  I made it a point of telling her that I'd rather go to Scottsdale Fashion Square.  Now I'm telling everyone on yelp - don't bother to give them your business.  They don't take care of their long-term customers.  If you want to buy anything Brighton, see Jane at Scottsdale Fashion Square.
1	I love Brighton and have been buying their products for years.  When I met my now-husband 5 years ago, he also started buying me their luggage, shoes, loads of handbags, earrings, watches, you name it.  We've always had a great experience at the Fashion Square location but this one at Kierland stinks. The associates always seem put out to help you, even if you're buying and not returning!  When I walk in there wearing their pieces from head to toe, I expect to be treated like I matter. I was not.  This is about the 5th time we've bought here and have only continued to do so after the other 4 crummy experiences because it's the closest one to our North Scottsdale home. However, we'll make the extra drive to old town from now on, so we can be treated like our money and we as people have actual value from now on. In an economy where luxury items like $350 handbags and $250 casual shoes aren't a commodity, these reps need to realize that they should appreciate their customers and our patronage!  Get it together, Brighton.
5	After my last experience, I'd vowed not to shop here again...so glad I changed my mind!!  My experience last week was one of the best I've ever had in any retail arena.  As soon as we walked in, the associates were welcoming, helpful, and very, very warm and helpful. We exchanged a handbag that was just too large for me, and the rep (can't remember her name, sorry!  Very pretty lady with long blondish-brown hair and a super personality!) was just the best in helping me find other things to replace the bag.  We ended up with a transformer necklace that I just love, a ring  and necklace that are just perfect.  Thank you, Brighton, for giving me the 100% perfect experience I am used to receiving, and for a staff that really "gets it" and cares!  Love you guys!!!!
5	12/02/12 Stopped at the Scottsdale Fashion Square mall location and dropped off my mercury Valencia handbag to have it cleaned and repaired and was going to buy a new merlot Valencia handbag to help deal with parting with the other, but was told by a salesclerk that the last piece was sold just a few minutes before.  I asked if she could check if other locations have it on stock and voila!, the Kierland branch had two and Carla (name?) would hold one of them for me.  By the time I'd arrived to buy the bag here, the store had closed early to prepare for a private viewing later on in the evening, but Carla (or the manager that evening) let me in, gave me the bag for inspection, and even extended an invitation for me to grab a couple of See's truffles from one of the stations of truffles and petit fours on display for the night's guests and a bottle of water (as is customary when shopping at Brighton's) as she finalized the sale.  It's nice to feel appreciated by Brighton staff, no matter which location I shop at!  :)
5	Excellent customer service, even with a toddler in tow that wanted to touch everything!!
1	Walked in the store- was greeted by no one - walked around looking at everything- but still not even acknowledged by any staff...Walked out and will not return...I love Brighton and own many pieces but the customer service at this location is terrible! It is also a smaller store that caters more to flip flops and shoes than to sunglasses- which I think is strange given we are in Arizona and not one pair of sunglasses! They lost a huge sale!
