1	The lady that did my pedicure was miserable, pedicure lasted 20 minutes, won't be returning!
1	I have come to this salon many times.  They used to charge 17 for a pedicure and it was decent, you get what you pay for right?  It was always hit or miss on whether the massage felt like a massage or someone rubbing lotion on your legs and feet.  My last visit to moonlite was absolutely horrible.  They increased the price to $20 which I dont mind paying but when I called for an appointment I was brushed off and told just to come in.  It was a thursday night but there were 4 of us.  We showed up early to make sure we gave them enough time before closing(for THEIR convenience).  It was hot, we were barely greeted, their normal nail polish selection is old/needs refreshing and they had their doors open so there were mosquitos flying around everywhere.  All 4 of us get attacked by mosquitos regularly (as im sure a lot of other people do too, based on the amount of fb posts I see daily due to all the rain we've had in mesa), we would have liked to relax during our pedicure, instead we had to keep our gaurd up and kill mosquitos before they got us. I also want to point out they are right across the street from a big open field, probably infested w mosquitos.  Anyway...  The lady who did my pedicure rushed through it, didnt speak to me and barely acknowledged me when I asked her to make my nails shorter.  She made them shorter but they are not filed straight.  The massage part of my pedicure was non existent, I got lotion on my legs, barely, and it was wiped off with a warm towel within 2 minutes, it never touched my feet!!!  The file she used on my feet was too coarse and left them tore up especially since I didnt get lotion on them during my massage.  My friends also received the same experience with their pedi and massage.  When she started polishing my nails, she did not even cover the whole nail!  The finished product is lumpy, not smooth.  It was just all rushed.  I used red, she left a mess.  It looked like I had slopped my own polish on.  Then over to my manicure... which I did mostly myself so it was really only a gel polish job.  I came with my nails clean, filed and cuticles pushed back, I asked them not to file them.  That request went ignored.  When he started to file them I had to stop him.  I have had my nails done by him before, I think hes the owner.  He is usually friendly and talkative (which I cant say about anyone else that I have encountered there), this time he was rude and seemed to placate me when I tried to talk to him.  So all this bad service for a higher price???  I have never shorted anyone on a tip.  I tip a minimum of 10.00 no matter the service at a nail salon.  I understand everyone has a bad day and I understand living off of tips but their bad service has become way too consistent.  This time I barely tipped 20%.. which i guess isnt shorting them but when 2 people are working on you thats not a lot.  All in all I will not be returning and I will tell my friends who frequent there, my experience as well.    They really need to step up their customer service and overall attitudes to stay competitive otherwise I dont see them being around much longer.
1	The man who works there is ruining the business!! He doesn't have any customer service skills at all! Go give your money to people who will do a great job on your nails and wax whom will treat you with some type of respect, especially when you are paying for them to stay open. How are they even staying in business?!
