5	What a great hotel restaurant just east of the strip on Flamingo Road.  An incredibly robust Italian Menu - all what you'd expect from a five star Italian restaurant in Vegas - without the high prices!  Stay here - and you get a $20.00 food credit making it that much more affordable.  The lobster and cheese ravioli dishes to die for!  The sauces were great!  Chocolate mousse cake for dessert?  None better.  Service by the hostess and wait staff was incredibly personable.  They were right there when needed without hovering.  We were seated immediately and received our order in no time flat.  Why pay more on the strip when you can enjoy a great meal at a great price right here at the Tuscany?  I've stayed at the Inn before and I came back because the rooms are HUGE and comfortable.
5	Tuscany Gardens has a cozy welcoming atmosphere with fabulous food. Just off the strip this Italian restaurant affordable prices and attentive 5 star wait staff are top notch.  For an appetizer the Agnolotti dish is delicious and highly recommended. Then for the main course the halibut with whipped garlic mash potatoes are absolutely addicting.  If you want affordable Italian food, amazing food and staff plus close enough to the strip without the craziness this is your place.
4	Tuscany Gardens is one of those places you just never knew was there.  Not alot of hype, just solid (not amazing) Italian food, in a cozy, romantic atmosphere.I've eaten here about four times now, and have had excellent 5-star service every time.  They have occasionally messed up an order, but always make good on it.  For example, I was there a few weeks back with my parents... reluctantly, because I was trying to diet off my christmas bulge.  I  asked for the surf and turn dry (no sauce, no butter), it still came out  soaked in butter.  Their signature dish: something osso bucco is ok...a bit too salty.  But otherwise food is solid.   Only problem, parking here is a B*&$%.  You will likely walk off your dinner just getting back to your car.  Valet is highly recommended.
4	I really enjoyed the fettuccine Alfredo. The service was good, although I thought the food was a bit pricey.
5	What a surprise!  This dining experience was so much more than expected! I can't wait to go back!Italian bread and dipping oil - yummy!Roasted vegetables - incredibly delicious with a bit of fresh Parmesan added!capellini d'Angelo - never realized pasta could melt in your mouth like this did!tiramisu - some of the best I have ever had. Was looking for a good sit-down meal before heading to the airport, was so delicious I wish I hadn't saved it for my last night in town.  Very impressive!
3	For what is supposed to be a higher end Italian restaurant it was pretty casual.  It's Vegas so who cares.  We were a party of six and we were seated right away with reservations...but it was slow so we really didn't need them anyways.  We were served bread with butter and olive oil.  I got the lobster raviolis and for $19.00 I got only 5 of them.  They were good...not great.  Other people got steaks, pasta, chicken and everyone like their food.  The service was good but it took a while for them to bring us our check and we were anxious to leave as we had a party to get to.  I would come back here again if someone else was paying or if I had a coupon.
3	Tuscany Gardens could have been a great experience...but was notFirst the food is spectacular...that good.  We split the stuffed mushrooms, the bruschetta and had salads all were great.  I would like to say it was the best chicken parm everHowever, we had a 7:00 reservation and a 9:00 show.  The entrees arrived after prodding the waiter past 8:30..ood,.so we eat what we could and left.  The hostess said sometimes food can arrive late.  Every table was served before us even when arrived earlier...next time just apologize, honSuch a shame...because the chef knows food, but the staff needs to be trained to execute properly
5	oOoOooH I hit the jackpot in Vegas!Not $$$!4 dollar steak and eggs!dirt cheap & delicious(also service was wonderful)Nuff said... :)
3	Not bad Italian food.  Some people rave about this place. Not sure it's all that great but we had a pleasant experience there.  Service is pretty good.
5	My girl and I decided that since we had so much comp'd cash from losing money at the casino, that we'd use that comp'd money to have a nice steak dinner, and so we chose Tuscany Gardens. I was expecting good, I did not expect this.The ribeye - I ordered it medium, and it was so perfectly juicy and perfectly pink in the middle, and perfectly melted in my mouth. I was flat out shocked at how awesome that steak was. The veggies were great too, and the garlic mashed potatoes were pretty good.The filet - my girl ordered the filet medium-rare. It was also perfectly cooked. I'm not a huge fan of the filet as I feel it's the least tasty cut of meat, but damn her's was freakin good too.I rarely give 5 stars to a restaurant, but the service was very, very fast, the food was absolutely slammin, the ambiance was very classy and welcoming and also comfortable. You rarely get that total experience from a restaurant, so I felt 5 stars was warranted. Anyways, highly recommended, and if you're a steak person, get the ribeye. Damn that was a good steak!
5	$3.99.... STEAK, EGGS, TOAST, AND POTATOES??! need i say more?? lol and yet i will just so i can get you all in on this ridiiiiculous deal!! important stuff:-late night special is something like from 10pm-5am, $3.99 steak and eggs-super friendly serviceso you guys are done clubbing, your girlfriends' feet are sore and achy, your boyfriends' wallets are empty and dry, but you're all drunk with the munchies?? go wave down a taxi and get your butts over to tuscany gardens for some bomb@$$ steak and eggs! honestly when my friends told me about this deal/place i really didnt believe them... i mean, seriously... $3.99 are you outta your mind? but indeed my friend's spoke truth...once you enter this place, you need to take a left and walk down into the casino a bit and the cafe/diner is just straight ahead. there isn't much to say... let the nice lady know what kind of toast you'd like, how you want your steak and eggs and you're good to go. will def be back on my next vegas trip!
5	Too cute! I wasn't sure what to expect from a hotel restaurant.It was my first trip to Vegas when the boyfriend booked us a room at Tuscany Gardens. Gosh, the price was really affordable. We got a spacious room with a comfy bed. There was even a couch/lounge area for our room! All the basic amenities are included. Although the location is a little off the Strip, the walk isn't too bad to get to the main clubs/whatnot. A cab ride costs less than $10, with tip included.You get a coupon booklet when you check-in to the hotel. It includes dinner specials for the restaurant, along with free drinks at the bar inside the hotel. We were able to get beer and some mixed drinks (I can't specifically recall :X)The food is fabulous. I recommend the fettucini alfredo entree. The pasta is creamy and perfectly cooked. For our dinner, the service was wonderful and our waitress was very attentive. She gave us suggestions when we had trouble ordering our meal.Since our first trip, we have gone back to Tuscany Gardens. This is definitely my go-to hotel for Vegas.
5	My husband and I love Tuscany!  That was the best decision ever to stay at this beautiful and cosy hotel. The restaurants Cantina and Tuscany have really good food, and you can have nice breakfast at Marilyn's cafe. We asked the receptionist to give us a quiet room and she did, we were on the 3rd floor in  C building. Was very quiet and we could sleep as long as we wanted since the window was overlooking the garden. The bed was sooo comfy. The pool looked awesome I wish the weather was warmer, Jacuzzi was warm though just overcrowded when I was in the mood. I don't have anything bad to say about this hotel, I want less ppl to know about it since I don't want it to become overcrowded like all the other hotels on the strip :/ I'm going back there again!!
5	We had a walk in party of 21. Started as just 5 but grew as more friends showed up. we figured we just have one big party. Great food the wait staff was amazing, particularly Tammy who had to deal with all of us for 2+ hrs.If you are staying at the hotel they have coupons in your book when check in. USE THEM we save over 300 with those coupons
3	Great Service! Also, romantic and calm atmosphere.I had the Involtine di Pollo. Sauce was flavorful, but chicken was quite dry.Though, may have been a fluke because all others at the table liked their food.Definitely get a dessert!!! There were many options and we decided to get most of them =] all very good.
4	Ironically, we'd been staying at Tuscany with business colleagues, but dining out at the larger well-known hotel/casino restaurants. On our last night, my husband and I decided just to stay put and have a quiet dinner  in the hotel. What a delightful surprise! Tuscany Gardens was as good - or better all the way around: excellent menu, delicious food, attentive wait staff, great ambience. I highly recommend!
5	This place is the best!!! The one thing my friends and I always come here for is the 4.99 steak and eggs! It used to be $3.99 but hey, $4.99 is still an cheap price for the amount of food you get. We usually come here in the wee hours of the night when we all have the drunk munchies. The steak and eggs also comes with a slice of toast cut in half and hashbrowns! The steak itself is definitely not a Morton's steakhouse or Ruth's Chris standard, but for such a cheap price, it tastes AMAZING!I've always had great service here whenever I came, but I can see why sometimes service can be a bit lacking at times. I have no complaints though. Highly recommended for you and your drunk friends!**TIP: Find a cab back to your hotel might be kind of hard since it's off the strip. If your hotel is not walkable distance, I highly suggest you start waving frantically to the cabs on the street after you're done eating. That's what I had to do with my friends. Not because our hotel was far but because the girls' feet hurt from wearing high heels so we didn't want to walk back. Our hotel was actually only 5mins away with a cab lol.I'm sure there's an easier way to get a cab (getting the hotel to call a cab for you if there's none waiting in front of the hotel), but I guess it's more interesting if you do it the other way haha. We definitely had a better story to tell when we came back to our hotel lol
1	Service was good. Food descent prices are outrageous on some items, for example ordering a steak dinner is $31 but to add on a lobster tail its $50 more $81 you can go to a high end restaurant and get 10x's better in a 5 star resort. Manager walked away while talking to me about the issue I had all he could say is thats how it is.
5	Buenisimo! This was a hidden gem in Vegas, the BEST food. I will return again
4	I only got takeout here but the food is tasty, hearty Italian.  The hostess was a real sweetheart, though!
4	Very nice restaurant. Lively hostess. Great customers and lovely ambiance. Oh and the food. It was good too.
4	You can never go wrong with 4.99 steak and eggs!Only con was when I asked for egg whites only and they charged me an extra dollar. I can't complain though, it's just a dollar. BUTTT I could've played slots with that dollar hahahha Ricardo was a sweetheart and besides the extremely long wait for food (which should be expected due to the large volume of drunks coming in for cheap food), it was a great experience! Steak was chewier than my likings but still.. 4.99 steak and eggs! cant complain!
4	Great price for a lot of food! the steak and eggs are worth every penny of the $5 you spend on it. Perfect for a late-late dinner in vegas.
5	Really nice off-the-strip surprise. When my parents suggested this restaurant off-the-strip I wasn't sure. But, it was truly very good.The ambiance is nice - must haves including nice quality water glasses, nice fresh flowers at strategic locations, good quality cloth napkins. Not too crowded and noisy. Enough cozy places inside the restaurant that you don't feel as though you are eating in one large room.  Timely and courteous waitstaff also.All 5 of our table's dishes were good. The sauces were well done, including raspberry sauce on the dessert. Congrats to the saucier!Spaghetti had good quality noodles, good flavor and texture on the meatballs. Nice fresh bread with good consistency.  Nice eggplant Parmesan with excellent texture (firm but not tough nor hard). Excellent al dente on the pasta. Very good sauce on the linguini alfredo - excellent consistency and flavor. Nice nutty flavor on the cheese.Many varied choices for dessert. Chocolate cake for dessert was good but not great. However, raspberry gelato with chocolate shell was very good. Plating and presentation was very good on everything. So, even though this place may not look like the most glamorous thing from the outside, it is of a decent quality and the food is surprisingly very good.
5	The restaurant is wonderful.  The ambience is great.  I had lasagna and a house salad which is large and tasty.  My husband had chicken parm and he really liked it.  Great restaurant and I highly recommend it.
4	I thought the food was great, hubby..not so much. The servers are WONDERFUL!!!! Fantastic ambiance, I enjoyed it. Prices are great. I will definitely come again..as this is the only hotel we stay at while in vegas :)
5	A group of friends and I ate here our first night in Vegas just because it was late and convenient (we were staying at the hotel). What a great surprise. The food here is absolutely delicious. It was so good that we came back each night for the rest of our stay. Everything all of us ordered during the three nights was excellent. The first night one of the specials was sea bass with livornese sauce, and if I remember correctly, four of the five of us ordered it. The fish was cooked perfectly, slightly crispy on the outside and flaky on the inside, and the sauce was rich and flavorful. During the next two nights we worked our way through more of the menu. Everything we tried was delicious, from the appetizers to the desserts. The wine selection is excellent too. The service is warm and personable, and the prices are reasonable.Especially in a city of overpriced restaurants with mediocre food, Tuscany Gardens is a real find, and worth going out of your way to visit.
1	Arrived on a Saturday night for my 8:30pm reservation and it took an hour to receive my food. This would be understandable if the restaurant was busy but it was not. Food is overpriced and the quality  quality was poor. I will never come back
1	This shit was so expensive!!! There is no 5 dollar steak and eggs that I read about on here!! The cheapest thing on the menu is 14.95 and that was a chicken salad... I would expect a restaurant that's in a not so hot, shabby hotel and casino would match the other prices as the other restaurants in the hotel.. Nope.. I sure won't be going here anymore.. The food wasn't even all that, plus you get very small portions.. I really want to know how they are still open!!
4	They have very good dishes and I've been to the restaurant 3 times and never had a bad meal. Very quiet location that is close to the strip. I would have to say that is the best restaurant that I've been to in las vegas for under $30 a person considering the service and food in general. This is not to be confused with the cafe inside the casino which is also good and has several meals for $10 or less and after midnight they have steak and eggs for $5 which is hard to beat. Tuscany Gardens for a good meal with quiet atmosphere and cafe for good food that is basically free.
3	Service and ambiance were 5 star; food was 2 star. Had the Linguini Portifino and it was just so/so. Seafood was bland and tough. I hate to leave a review like this but it is what it is. The bread and wine selection was great though!
4	Great place to eat very romantic atmosphere the staff is very attentive and the food is extremely delicious. You wouldn't think this place would have a hole in the wall gem.
5	We went here on a friends recommendation, and left very impressed.  The Sunday Gravy was delicious, as was the chicken masala.  Definitely felt we found a gem of a place in Vegas, with reasonable prices and a good location near the Strip.  They also had an excellent wine menu.
4	Had dinner at Tuscany Garden tonight & had a great meal.  The caprese salad w melon was excellent as was the Sunday Gravy (Highly Recommend) - with meatballs, sausage & pork.  I had the gluten-free version made with brown rice pasta and was very good - will definitely be back.
5	What are the chances? We came here two years ago and had the same waiter, Bill. I also had the same entree--the lobster ravioli, which was excellent.Hubby had the veal al Marsala, which came with really yummy veggies (I should know because I ate a lot of them). His veal was "lick your plate worthy." To finish off our meal, we had cappuccinos. Excellent meal! We will be back when we are in Vegas again.
5	One of my favorite spots in Vegas! Always make it a priority of mine to stop here at least once every Vegas trip. Best steak deal you'll ever find! $3.99 for steak and eggs. Not the best steak you'll ever have but definitely great for the price. Unfortunately it's only from midnight to 5AM. But it's perfect for drunk munchies after the club and/or if you're getting into Vegas late and want to grab a quick bite. Been coming here for years and the service has gone down a little. Since the steak and eggs deal is more well known now it can get pretty packed. But you get what you pay for. Don't really blame the servers. They're usually overwhelmed with drunk customers that probably don't tip well.
4	Surprisingly decent Italian restaurant.I was recently in Vegas and staying at the Tuscany Hotel. My friends wanted to have dinner at the Tuscany Gardens which I was a little nervous about after having bad experiences at one of the other Tuscany restaurants, but much to my surprise this place is actually good.The service was nothing to write home about, but was certainly solid. Drinks were constantly full and food was served still hot. Dirty plates were promptly cleared as well. You can't really ask for much more than that.I ordered a dinner salad which was very tasty. The house dressing was excellent although I would have preferred a different choice of lettuce. Still, it was good and I ate it all.For dinner I had the Chicken Marsala which came with vegetables and a side of pasta. The pasta was perfectly cooked and the sauce was very good. The Chicken Marsala was excellent and the vegetables were, well, they were vegetables.Other people at my table had the calamari appetizer and they raved about it. I have had some bad allergic reactions to calamari in the past so I didn't try it, but it looked and smelled so good that I was tempted to risk a trip to the hospital for a bite.Not only will I eat here again when staying at the Tuscany, I might actually come back to eat here when I am NOT staying at the Tuscany. I think that is a pretty good endorsement.Well done Tuscany Gardens!
5	I really like going to the restaurant and go often. It's very quiet and the food is always excellent. It's not like going to Rao's or B&B but it's good for me and everyone I have brought said they really enjoyed it. It's one of the best meals you can get in town for under $30 a person. If you like decent Italian food in a quiet restaurant close to the strip then try it out.
5	I just returned from a 5 day stay in Vegas and stayed at the Tuscany Suites. I decided to try the Tuscany Gardens one night and liked it so much that I went back the night before I left.  The food was fabulous!  The bread basket is filled with several nice breads and toasted cheese crisps. Wonderful for dipping in the olive oil and balsamic vinegar.  The calamari is fabulous!  Tender, not too much breading -- I would order this every time.  A nice, green dinner salad -- ala carte... but it was huge -- big enough to share. I tried the Chicken Francaise on my first visit and really enjoyed it.  Lightly breaded in a white wine and lemon sauce -- very good! .... On my second visit I had the Lasagna Bolognese -- the portion was huge and delicious! ... On both evenings I ordered a glass of Malbec -- a good choice.  The ambiance is really nice and service is fantastic! Hilda was my server on my second visit and another female on my first (I can't remember her name)  They were both friendly, helpful and made me feel like a welcomed guest.  The prices are extremely reasonable for Vegas at the Tuscany Gardens and I will certainly dine there again during my next visit!
5	Food was delicious! All four of us eating had fabulous meals! Salads, stuffed mushrooms, watermelon caprese, minestrone soup, all were above and beyond. Service is quick and pleasant. It's been a while since I've been here but it's as good as I remember.
4	Very nice place. Good ambiance, clean and friendly staff. Very affordable suites and very clean large rooms. Near the strip.
5	I was with an "Intimate" group of 25 people.  They handled it extremely well.In all of Las Vegas, I'm not sure I'd come back here, but if you're in the neighborhood and hungry, the steaks are excellent.  They also had a really nice Carpaccio that really did it for me - I wanted to order 3 more and call that dinner, but then I like high quality raw beef.  I saw several other menu items that I wanted, but I'm avoiding carbs.I'd gladly come back if I were at the Tuscany again.It was kinda funny because just as we were leaving, the Beverly Hillbillies showed up for a wedding dinner.  I'm sure they were nice enough people, but they just seemed a little uncomfortable.  What I liked is that the staff seemed to be taking extra effort to make them feel at ease, classy touch.
4	Very nice and quite. Good casino and friendly staff. Room is so big I think it could hold about 20 people and sleep about 10. So if your coming with a large group this is the best place. Kitchenette area (no stove and must request microwave at check in), stand up shower and a nice size tub, love seat and small single seater sofa, desk area with chair and 4 slot dresser drawer with 32' flat screen. We got the King Suite and the bed was huge! Tons of pillows and super soft comfy everything lol. The room also has a self serve safe for valuable items that ive been using each day (you create your own secret code). Lots of lighting and we were placed in building G which was very quite! We are on Day 2 out of 5 so I will update again.Hotel to Strip, quick 7-10 min walk even less if your a swift walker, very lit at night and youll walk right on the strip smack dab in the middle you just choose left or right and your amongst it all. 24hr liquor store across the street along with 24hr Starbucks.  The best spot and value!!!I noticed at the other bigger named hotels which were also reasonably priced online youll have to constantly deal with tons of people and noise I am sure.
