3	Specialty food should be special. There should be a reason why you pay a bit extra for a few morsels of goodness. Reid's has a lock on these specialty foods with a nice looking meat department, array of choice cheeses and impressive wine selection. Let's break down this location a bit, shall we?The Good: As mentioned, it's a great spot to grab a quick bite, snag a bottle of wine, some tasty snacks and get on your merry way. The service is pretty spectacular - whether your seeking said bottle of wine or dining on a sandwich during lunch. Many of the sandwiches and salads I saw coming around looked fresh and delicious. Also, there's a decent sized wine bar next to the wine vault/selection area that could kick your feet up while you taste away. The Meh: The parking is pretty much horrendous. Unless you're stealing parking from business across the street, you better be comfortable walking a ways. The sandwich I ate here was underwhelming - the grilled pimento cheese was gut busting-ly greasy (granted, it's grilled pimento cheese) and also missed the zing I was looking for. I barely got through half of the sloppy mess and had to put it down for fear that I may have a heart attack in the shop. If I'm walkin' around Selwyn and need to score a few snacks before heading home, Reid's is a fine choice, yet they definitely have plenty of competition in the area if we're talking tasty sandwiches and wine tasting!
2	I was overwhelmed when I went in by the selection as I had never been there before. Once I started walking around, I couldn't figure out what the hype was. Too much money, not much special.
3	Wow! This is a superfun store. Reid 's has almost everything you never knew you wanted... but for a high price. I love these type specialty stores but that being said I can't justify buying here execpt on occasion because of the high prices and that would be based off of prices of the same products at a farmers market.      For some who eat all local products sourcing can be difficult so this is a great place to get your feet wet. They carry Beverly's Gourmet Foods and Pickleville Pickles, along with Tizzerts and Secret Chocolatier. I am so happy they are helping those great company's out.  Also their fish selection is fresh and tasty. As far as Veggies go, yea it is beautiful and they have awesome suppliers like Tega Hill but some stuff like asperagus wasn't in season?? They had some NC mainstays in the cheese department like Goat Lady Dairy, Chapel Hill Creamery, and Ashe County Cheeses of all types. Overall good selection but again your going to pay up to $8 more on cheese than your farmer's market (ie GLD Cheve Camenbert $10 vs $18). Yes, amazing people all produce these products and yes it is worth the high price but your doing a beter job of supporting the farmers by going directly to them. As far as convenience and cleanliness goes... can't beat that. All of the staff are super helpful and they can tell you were everything is coming from.  I'll go again for great fish deals but that's about it.ALSO Reid should put signs on all produce saying the farm it comes from. Good Luck
2	As a long time customer of the Reid's uptown (now closed), I was very very disappointed with the move and the change of the business.  It doesn't have the charm...it just doesn't.  There was something magical about the old Reid's, and the magic just didn't make it to the new location.  I thought the wine bar and the cafe were beautifully decorated, it looked like a magazine.  But there's nothing there I was interested in buying...they do have a few things I buy at Atherton Market, but being late on a Saturday, there wasn't much selection there.A very sad tale, indeed.  Sorry Reid's :(
2	Great neighborhood specialty market but just had a terrible experience!  We bought "fresh" snow peas Dec. 31st and came home to find mold on the majority of the product.  As I looked at the packaging, the sell-by date was intentionally marked out with a permanent marker but in the light, you could see the sell-by date was Dec. 25th.  Store was closed on January 1, so I returned the product the on the 2nd.  They kindly refunded my $$ but there was very little concern from management and no sense of urgency to remove remaining product that had "marked out sell-by dates" still on the shelf.  MORAL OF THE STORY:  MYERS PARK NEIGHBORS, PLEASE CHECK THE DATES ON YOUR PRODUCE.
3	I frequented Reid's for the first time last weekend and was overjoyed by the "cool" factor the retailer offers.  Very bright and hip, Reid's is a small, fresh, corner grocery with a fairly significant prepared foods section.  There's a gorgeous bar that would be a unique place to meet for a post-work beverage.  However, not much else differentiates Reid's from Dean and Deluca or any of the higher-end grocery stores (Earth Fare, Trader Joe's, the soon-to-open South Park Whole Foods).  The "aisles" were too crowded to pleasantly explore, and I constantly felt like I was in someone's way.  Similarly, the prices were also unnerving, although I assume that's what they're going for.  There were a few tastings going on last Saturday, and the quality of everything I tried was good.  But I guess I just don't get what makes Reid's special yet... the question is, do they?
5	Reid's has taken a little while to grow into this space and new location but I now can't imagine this neighborhood without it. Reid's has a focus on supporting local businesses and farmers, providing customers with unique food choices, and always giving great customer service. Even my kids have favorite food items here! Reid's is a little pricey but, in my opinion, totally worth it. I shop for local meats, good quality salads, and gluten-free options. Buy a salad to share - they are huge!! The spedie marinated chicken kabobs and ready made burgers are our go-to last minute grill purchases on a Sunday afternoon. Reid's also has a great bar area to meet friends for wine or coffee. It has a little bit of everything for everybody...
4	If you are looking for a boutique grocer/deli/wine shop, Reid's is the place. While visually it's a beautiful space with the subway tiled walls, rustic and whimsical eating nook, and well organized shelves, it is also a costly experience. Prices for the same item at Earth Fare, could cost you up to a dollar more here.You can grab a delicious sandwich or salad made-to-order or they even have pre-made lunch items for those of you in a hurry. They have a limited, yet fresh assortment of produce and grocery items (many of which are from local farmers or businesses). If I could shop here often, I would. It just makes you feel special! It's definitely a place to impress out-of-town guests if you need to pick up last minute grass-fed, pre-seasoned hamburger patties or fancy cheese or something. Parking is the downfall; it's limited and tight. Also, more than likely, you'll want to avoid shopping in sweatpants...remember, it's fancy.
5	Before Harris Teeter, before every other health market, there was Reid's Fine Foods in Charlotte.  Since 1928 Reid's has been an epicurean destination for Charlotteans, it is an old faithful to many, myself included.   As Charlotte grew from a small town, many supermarket chains like A&P, Colonial Stores, Kroger, Hanneford, Pender's, Piggly Wiggly have dotted the Charlotte grocery market and have come and gone.  In the Age of Wal-Martization and the sea of supermarket chains, Reid's has remained local and edges out the completion with its new incarnation by giving a personalized small town service in a big city way.Reid's strength lies in that it remains true to itself by providing the very best to the Myers Park ladies while tapping into a younger and health conscious crowd by revamping itself.  By embracing its heritage and most importantly by being on-trend by having an elegant wine bar, "Gourmet-to-Go" offering, Bin 28 Club (their own shopper specials club), e-commerce, culinary courses, embracing social media, and being up-to-date on culinary trends.   Ambiance:Their store might be considered on the small side for our modern eyes, but Reid's serves you a big foodie dose of tastiness.  It offers everything that you would need to do your weekly grocerying.  Although, this can be more expensive when compared to other places, there are definitely those who don't shop at rock-bottom prices, want to shop local, and for the best in a serene ambiance.  There are no generic isle fixtures here thank you very much; instead non-perishables are mostly placed in white low-rise shelves giving them an aura of grandmother's cupboards.  The extensive wine selections line a large part of the wall and meet the bar.  Adjacent to the bar, is a lovely sitting area that has against the wall a plush Chesterfield style tufted leather bench - a perfect place to sit and relax and enjoy your "Gourmet- to-Go" meal.  The architects who designed this place created a juxtaposition of cool & warm tones by having warm dark hardwood floors and cool subway-tiled walls fused with a classic contemporary look. Stock:Everything in the store is edited and carefully planned out.  Produce selection is fresh and beautifully arranged in baskets.  Their meat and poultry along with their seafood are exquisitely presented and it is a sight to behold.   Artisanal breads are a favorite and seem to go quickly.  Local foods are featured in the selling floor too.  Also, for those with sweet cravings, Reid's has an assortment of cakes ranging from $14.99 to $54.99 for the Caramel cake all made from a local bakery.  Brownies, cookies and other sweet treats round out the dessert area.Reid's gifts baskets are placed on a table, they come in diverse combinations to be given on different occasions - prices starts competitively at around $30.00 something dollars and go up from there for the more extravagant baskets.  They are both personal and profession appropriate.  If your gift-giving budget is small, even a humble glass jar of Reid's chocolate-chip cookies becomes incredibly elegant with its green bow.  The "Gourmet-to-Go" options are always delicious and are very popular with busy professionals.  Food for Thought:Reid's is located in the Selwyn Corners Shopping Center and during certain times of the day the parking situation gets congested.  To be fair, many places in South Charlotte have overcrowded parking problems too.  It comes with the territory of being in a popular area.  With that being said, Reid's is a wonderful mecca for foodies and in the age of big-chains it is great to see a local business still thrive.
5	Too many great things to say about Reid's to post! The ONLY down side is the parking, but Curtis will find you a spot no doubt. The staff is beyond helpful and knowledgable about everything they have. The wine selection is superb, if you're looking for a great wine experience make sure you talk to Layla, she knows her stuff. Stop by for one of their cooking classes as well, can't beat it!
3	Love speciality grocery stores, as I frequent Earthfare & Fresh Market, but I was a little disappointed will the limited selection here. Although everything I did purchase was great, I still had to go another store to get some salad items, vegetables, etc.  Overall, I will be back for speciality items, like wine & their desserts.
4	Have passed by this place do often but trying to park and go in is a nightmare!  Were lucky to find space and had a wonderful glass of red wine - was able to watch chefs cooking soft shell crabs right there in the wine bar.  Loved the laid back atmosphere and the wine staff is extremely knowledgeable - great place to chill
2	Had to stop here while in Charlotte for items with "Reid's" on the label since that is my Dad's name (perfect Father's Day present) and ended up buying a gift box full of things for him and a small passel of things for myself.Can't totally judge the things I bought my Dad yet since Father's Day has yet to come, but I can safely say that they stuff I bought for myself was way overpriced for the size/quality.  It was a nice "fantasy" cooking shop, but I can't say I'd be willing to pay those sorts of prices day to day.Also: parking is a living nightmare.
1	I was new to town and had heard great things about the local grocery down the street from where we live.  My husband and I stopped in for a sanwich and while waiting we inquired about their cooking lessons.   The gentleman behind the wine counter was most helpful but thought the owner might know more about the scheduling.  When he told her we were interested in the lessons, she quickly dismissed us and told us they were private lessons the upcoming week and offered us no other information for upcoming events.  We won't be spending another dime there and you might want a lesson or two in customer service if you plan to keep your local clientele.
4	Specialty stores are indeed fun. Reid's has a lot of items you haven't seen before and offers some healthier or more natural items, on top of local fare.It should be said and noted that these items are priced way higher than something you'd normally get a a grocery store, so be prepared when you go in to Reid's to spend money. For that reason, Reid's to me is more of a "Let's See what cool thing we can find" rather than "we need groceries" kinda store.While I was there there were many people sampling local or homemade items. I enjoyed the biscotti lady, and the pimento cheese woman as well. Every sampler was very informative and friendly.Reid's has a nice cheese and meat department in the store. Lots of great fresh looking things that make you want to cook all day. They even make fresh sandwiches and salads to order. I got a Cobb Salad, which was okay - it had steak on it and the pieces were cold (I wish they were warm) and large so it was a little tough to eat, I also took it to go and didn't get barely enough dressing in my take out to cover the salad.What I boughtCobb Salad - $9Locally Made Pimento Cheese - $9 (8oztub)Local Choc. Cover Toffees - $9 (Small bag)I'll be back when I need another specialty chocolate fix, those toffees were ridiculously amazing. A tasty mouth explosion!
4	I stopped into Reid's this afternoon to grab some snacks and ended up having a great conversation with the couple who runs the wine section. They have been in the wine and food business for over 30 years and they have really insightful wine and food recommendations, particularly for Italian. I was really excited to find out that Reid's  offers cooking classes and opened a dinner club. As for food, they are on par with most fine food stores in quality and price - however with a much smaller selection. They have packaged local foods, a salad and sandwich bar, a deli and a grill for the dinner crowd. Looking forward to going back and checking out  some of their events!
4	Ohhhhhh Reid's market; you make girl happy. Picture Dean and Deluca market minus the SouthPark stiletto crowd and add a pinch of neighborhood charm. I recently discovered Nye's Cream sandwiches at a favorite market in Beaufort, SC; a charming brand pairing fresh baked cookies and homemade ice cream into little handcrafted sandwiches in seasonal flavors like Blackberry Cobbler and Key Lime Pie. Needless to say, Reid's scored huge points with me when I spotted Nye's on my first trip in. If they know Nye's...you can feel confident they know "the good stuff". Nye's is just one example of both local and "wish they were local" treats that line the shelves of this super organized and uber friendly market. If you're having friends over for a dinner party and are rushed for time, Reid's is a one stop shop for treats that will impress with a satisfying display of cheese, wine, pasta, locally grown produce and gorgeous meats.  Reid's just made my Christmas list as THE SPOT to craft a gift of gourmet goods. Like all good specialty food stores, they have those dangerous little sample bowls lying around. (Don't pass up Dolcetto chocolate wafer rolls...yes, I took a box home).  I haven't taken advantage of the wine bar, but it's on my list along with a cooking class.  Myer's Park moms beware: Uptown foodies are moving in on you;) If you have the luxury of daytime shopping you will avoid the parking nightmare that IS Selwyn Corners shopping center.
3	Reid's is a cool little place.  I came in around lunch time one day after a co-worker recommended it.  They have a little deli area where you can get soup, salad or a sandwich.  A line was forming and I didn't want to wait, so I just headed over the cooler where they had things already prepared.  I picked up a spinach salad with grilled onions, and then a white bean soup.All right, this salad was pretty darn amazingly delicious.  It might have been one of the best salads I've ever eaten, matter of fact.  It had spinach, goat cheese, bacon, grilled onions, and what appeared to be homemade croutons.  The dressing looked like some sort of poppy seed vinaigrette.  All the flavors really worked well together, and I got a pretty good-sized salad for less than $5.  Unfortunately, the soup was almost inedible - it tasted really bitter for some reason. However, the space is a little cramped.  The aisles are small, especially when people are waiting in line to get something from the deli.  They have a nice selection of gourmet food items, like sauces, beer or wine, and other shelf goods.  The parking lot is also small, so when it's busy you will fight for a space.Still, the prices seemed decent here and it's a nice little place to grab lunch or some interesting gourmet food items.
4	We had to pick up some $11/pint ice cream, and Reid's was the closest location to find it. I had been in the parking lot before, but always to go to Nolen Kitchen. I'm amused to see that there's a guy monitoring the parking lot for those poorly mannered parking lot users.I was amazed a) at how small the space is and b) how many people were sitting down eating lunch. The craft beer selection, especially NC brews, is noteworthy. Small quantities of fruits and veggies and a fabulous fresh foods program.Staff are also quite friendly and helpful. It's a bit reminiscent of a Dean and Deluca or tiny Fresh Market. I hate we're moving away, or I'd happily spend a chunk of change here!
4	Big things certainly do come in small packages. This is a wonderful specialty food store. I always come here to purchase fresh meat for a special dinner. They have the best beef short ribs! So fresh! The entire meat section is beautiful!! They have a great selection of wine and beer. They have beautiful gift baskets that make excellent christmas gifts. The only drawback is the tiny parking lot.
4	Wow. I hadn't been to this Reid's before and I was blown away with the entire layout of the joint. Spin around with your eyes closed and then point in any direction. You're bound to find something that's either A) awesome B) expensive C) just don't look at the pricetag and get it or D) a little too haute cuisine for anyone's taste. Which, in my opinion, is awesome. Sure. People complain about expensive grocery stores, blah blah blah. Reid's is a NICE store. They tend to carry some seriously vanity-type foods that you can't exactly score at your local farmer's market or bigger chain. We located some ice creams we couldn't find elsewhere and also noticed some beer varieties that we can only find at some of our bottle shops in town. I'll tip my hat to Reid's. Good show, gents. However, the parking.....is just awful. Awful doesn't event explain how horrible it is. There's even a dude sleuthing the parking lot from end to end just itching to boot your car, give you a ticket or *gasp* worse. Eff that, dude. I'd recommend parking down the street or across Selwyn if you can help it.
3	Yeah, it's a bit pricey.  But we have found a few items that are worth driving 4 hours to pick up:  refrigerated mini-biscuits (a dozen flavor varieties), rotisserie chicken salad (but had some bones in it most recently), sandwich wraps, weird sodas; occasionally the interesting wine, too.  Worth it all.
2	They say comparison is the theft of joy and well that is certainly the case here.  We moved here about a year ago from a much larger city which has an absolutely fantastic set of specialty grocery stores.  After hearing so much about Reid's, I was expecting the same kind of place.  Not. even. close.  I thought people must have been joking when I stepped inside this tiny, tiny place.  It's cute and clean, but it doesn't have much inventory.  While there are a few things here you certainly wouldn't find at HT or the (joke of a) Whole Foods here in Charlotte, they really don't have much selection.  And it is very pricey.  Although I can get over pricey if you have variety and substance to back it up, which, in my opinion, this place does not.  Needless to say, I didn't find anything on my list (and they aren't crazy ethnic items or anything!).  I was severely disappointed by this place, especially considering the hoopla you have to go through just to get a parking spot!  I won't be returning here in the future.
2	I wish I could give more of a rating, but after 10 minutes of waiting for a parking spot I finally left.  Where on earth are you supposed to park for this joint?  Absolutely ridiculous.  Kissy soccer moms and old ladies in Mercedes driving aggressively in a small triangular parking space is dangerously hilarious.  I'll just head out to where I belong back in Belmont and the string bean.
4	My first time at Reids was yesterday, and I fell completely in love. The wine selection is really diverse, the deli is wonderful and the organic groceries brought tears to my eyes. Of course it's pretty expensive, but that's to be expected for quality.I had the salmon BLT and it was soooo good! Boyfriend had half soup half sandwich with the cauliflower curry an spicy Italian. I tasted the soup and immediately wished I had gotten it as well. The place is extremely cramped and when it fills up for lunch, don't expect a lot of room to move. But, it's worth it for a nice lunch date. Also, the coffee was delicious and the selection of non alcoholic drinks was impressive.
4	LOVE Reids! I go for "gourmet' ingredients and great quality meats and sides. Sure it's expensive....but it's a boutique store and they carry many things that other stores (including the Taj-Ma-Teeter) don't. First time here for their restaurant food. I heard their burger was great. Well it WAS! It tasted like steak....alas, it was ground sirloin. I got it with sharp cheddar, crispy bacon, carmelized onions and mushrooms. All between a pretzel bun. The pretzel bun, while good, was the only weak link. I asked if they served other buns, and the chef said they sometimes serve it on a Brioche bun. SOMETIMES? Should be ALL the time! The burger WAS GREAT! Juicy, flavorful, perfectly cooked (medium as I had asked) and just yummy. I opted for a side of their YUMMY black eyed peas salad. Now if you are like me and question black eyed peas then you've GOT to try Reids. It is GREAT!Their WINE LIST is fantastic! Very small but SUPERB selection. I mean, they serve a Premier Cru White Burgundy BY THE GLASS!  Huh? Yes, a 1er Cru. Who does that? Reids apparently. Each selected glass is impressive. Overall a really great option for a lunch or quick dinner. OH, and Wednesdays is HALF OFF WINE night! Guess where I'll be next Wednesday.....Bueller, Bueller, Bueller......
3	I wish that I could give Reid's 3 1/2 stars.  Their Wednesday night wine deals are great, but being GF (I have actual Celiac Disease), there is little to nothing that I can eat there in regards to prepared food.  So, if you're wine-drinking, gluten-eating, Yelp-reading folk, head to Reid's on Wednesdays and enjoy some great half-price wine and pizza. Myself, I'll have to pack a snack. ;)
1	I have not been to  Reid's in years and thought I'd try it out again--got a to-go sandwich wrap--it was terrible--the turkey was really strong and seemed old. I went to buy a very small baguette and it was priced at $7--really? No thanks--I have better things to do with my $!
