3	Very appropriately named...chicy(cute) clothing, reasonably priced. Incredibly cheeky staff who insisted on calling me "girl" after every sentence. The clothing is cute but I will more likely take my money elsewhere- with a more welcoming staff. Other than that- they were pretty helpful, and very knowledgable on the clothing fits, sizing and brands.
5	Stumbled into this store almost a year ago by accident and have fallen in love with the store in all aspects! Allison and Justine and staff make me feel like a VIP and are so cutting edge with style and fashion. They have transformed my confidence and closet! Prices are reasonable and clothes are one of a kind! They have the best Instagram and Facebook marketing efforts with incredible ideas of outfits! It's my favorite store in Charlotte!
5	If you are looking for stylish trendy boutique pieces from local artisans and designers check out this place.  Cheeky Bean stocks its store with pieces made in the USA.  The sales associates are so sweet and helpful and are all impeccably dressed (like living, walking mannequins). Love the store and love that they stock the store with items made in the USA.
3	I will definitely return to the Cheeky bean as they do have some really cute/unique pieces! I was impressed with the prices for the area and overall would make this a stop when looking to find that adorable open back dress or something along those lines.Where it fell a little short for me is that many of these items were not appropriate for someone who works in a professional setting...or even someone who is attending professional events. Unfortunately, I cannot afford to have two wardrobes - so I had to make the tough choice and pass on my finds this time. I will say the jewlery was beautiful and that would be completely fine to wear to work. I too noticed the staff was a little unwelcoming ... maybe they were just busy?
1	I went to this store for the first time last weekend and am very disappointed with their customer service. I tried to return a dress that I bought two days before, never worn, with the tags still attached and they said they don't do returns. Only store credit. I asked to speak to the owner of the shop because nobody informed me of the outrageous return policy while I was checking out. The girl at the front went and called the owner and came back and said the owner will give me a call the next day and I wrote my number down for her. The next day, no call. I called them back and the manager said that the owner was busy and she will call me later. Still no call. I called the next day and the manager said she talked to the owner and she said we couldn't do the return. This really aggravated me because they kept saying the owner would talk to me about it and never did.  I know that I will never step foot in there again just for the bad customer service. They could have atleast apologized for the ridiculous policy. Terrible place!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
