5	Okay, I know it's just McDonald's, but I feel this particular location deserves a good review. After moving away from this McDonalds, I realized just how great the service is here. The staff is friendly (all the time) and fast! No waiting at this McDonalds. By the time you pay in the drive-thru, move up to the second window, your food is waiting; fresh and hot!The food is just what you would expect from McDonalds. So I'm not going to waste my time critiquing  it.
5	i love this place. everytime i come here the workers are so nice and they always do as i ask them to and not mess anything up and if they do they correct it with no problem. the guy in the driver thru window always has a smile and is very polite. they make me happy each time. if you need a quick meal stop in and see them today
4	I know it is a McDonald's. I get it. But as far as a fast food chain goes, this particualr McDonald's has my loyalty. Talk about your fast friendly service. Whether I am ordering just coffee or a couple hash browns for my boy and I on the way into school I know I will be through the drive-thru in 5 minutes tops!
4	Hey, I was impressed with "This" McDonalds!! My younger kids like to go here to play! I am NOT a fan of most McDonald franchizes as they have young people working there that are Rude & Lazy and they are NOT clean!BUT, This place was Clean! The lady that greeted us when we walked in was very sweet!They were out of TP in the bathroom and just put the roll on top of the Handycapped Bar :-(      NOT a fan of that! Then when my daughter went to the bathroom it kept falling on the floor and rolling around the floor, YUCK!!!  NASTY!Other than that I would say they did good! But please teach your employees to put the toilet paper "IN" the proper container so we don't get everybody elses germies!!
1	Dropped to a one star review for shitty business practices and hiring shady bastards at the register.
3	Appears to have been recently renovated inside. Everything else is what you would expect at an average McDonald's chain location.
3	Ok, so I've been eating at McDonald's recently.  I swore them off a few years ago when they changed what they cooked their food in, and it was making my stomach churn.  But, as of late, sometimes I need something quick and I swing in here to curb my hunger from time to time.Overall, the place is good.  Two drive thru lines, clean location, food is predictable and it still makes my stomach churn.  But, I must say, this place has quite the variety of clientle.For example, one time I was reading Dave Mustaine's autobiography.  The young girl behind the counter asked who it was. I started to explain that he formed Megadeth after getting kicked out of Metallica back in the day.  Her eye's glazed over and she had no clue who or what I was referring too.  Does this make me old? No. It just was sad that people don't know this stuff.  *sigh*Another time there was a fundraiser for the Middle school I live close to and the teachers were raising money by running the registers.  That was pretty cool.  Other times its quiet in here and there's nothing going on.Tonight I went with the Southern Chicken sandwich, and it was tasty.  I also was getting checked out by a sort of cute gangbanger while I ate who had tattoos on his head.  On the way out a lady was punching and kicking a road construction cone on the way into the parking lot. She must have walked from across the street.  Poor cone...Anyways, place isn't half bad and I think I'm done eating Micky D's for a while...
4	This McDonald's is a nice, fast one. They have the double drive-through lanes to order from, and then the lane turns in to one as you head to the pick-up window. The people there were friendly and efficient. Quick service, and I was on my way in less than 10 minutes, after being in a line of at least 5 cars ahead of me. Now that's what I call lightning fast!
1	Went to order chicken nuggets through the drive through. Found out McDonald's discontinued my favorite spicy/hot mustard sauce. I left without ordering anything... Won't be back. DISAPPOINTED!!
1	dirty all the time, food never cooked right, people do not speak english, need toget the playground out of there, kids run all over the place, screaming, and theywalk around without shoes, they let anyone use the bathroom and most of the timepeople from the outside are using the bathrooms to take a bath in.
4	The burger itself was very fresh and tasted great but to be honest was far from the best burger I have ever eaten. Worth checking out but don't go in with super high expectations, you will get an awesome fresh tasty burger but it most likely wont be the best burger you have ever eaten.
