4	Summer Plum runs the web/local entity Felicitea and she does so with vigor.  This review is geared towards her tea blending as I have not had one of her massages, however many friends report blissed out from some of her handywork.Her tea though, available in some local stores and through the Tailgate market is craftily sourced and carefully blended.  She has a small cadre of testers who she works new creations out with and everyone has a good time.  If you are looking to support some more local endeavors or a little "local flavor" check out Summer and Felicitea.
4	Your body should be entrusted to Felicitea. My recommendation to a first time visitor is to get a 1 hour massage after dinner. Once you've had the massage and the post cup of tea you will probably have the best night of sleep you've had in a long time.Every massage therapist is a little different. I've been to one in south Charlotte for a couple's massage that the attitude and massage itself was really about luxury than therapy. I've been to one also in Dilworth that emphasizes their low cost but it left me feeling like 45 minutes just wasn't enough. The emphasis here is on attention & care.The very first time I booked my appointment unlike others there was more than just a standard disclaimer. There were questions if I'd had a massage before & also a body diagram to note locations of injuries or particular places that were bothering me or where I carried stress. The  owner greeted me in the lobby and went over the notes I had made in a way that made me feel she paid a great deal of attention to the needs of her clients than just seeing her next appointment.I have an office job & I went to visit to take the tension out of my back and shoulders. The massage space is quiet and well decorated as nothing too froo-froo is on the walls. There's a small end table to leave all the stuff that you take out of your pockets when you get changed and the therapist leaves you plenty of time to get settled. The massage experience itself is excellent. The tea soaked towels she lays on you at the beginning are a nice difference to transition the muscles to be worked on. The therapist really believes that massage shouldn't hurt and reads very well the fine line between deep enough to feel good and ouch-a-little-too-much. She can be conversational or just leave you to drift off to the mellow kumbaya kind of music that plays lightly in the background if you want.Felicitea isn't just a great de-stressor. I've had a 30 minute massage just to relax and a 1 hour massage after a hard cycling workout. The owner works with runners, cyclists and all athletes. Even if you don't tell her what your particular sport is she may surprise you and ask you if play/compete in ______ from her experience of knowing what injuries can/do crop up or how that sport affects the body.After the massage when you're feeling all relaxed the owner will make you a cup of her organic blended teas while you're getting dressed. It's a great way of making your insides feel as good as your outsides as you leave.
1	I am still owed either tea or a refund from this company for roughly $70 worth of tea that I ordered in November of 2008.  Replacement tea was promised on multiple occasions, then a refund was promised (AND tea, neither of which ever came) and now the owner of this company has taken tea off of her website and is pretending the entire thing never happened.  Won't respond to email or public requests for an answer... it's the WORST customer experience I've ever had, and it's a shame that it ended a professional and personal relationship with this tea blender.  She is awful and untrustworthy as a businesswoman, and I can't warn anyone to refrain business any more strongly.http://brandice.net/blog/?s=felicitea (History of the issue)http://www.etsy.com/feedback_public.php?user_id=5887974 (other unhappy customers on Etsy)
4	I had the pleasure of attending a pairing event sponsored by Felicitea and The Secret Chocolatier (2/4/10).  I was an awesome experience b/c never did I EVER imagine to pair 2 things I love so much: tea and chocolate!!We were greeted by both owners who set up a quaint display table with several teas and their counterpart chocolate.  Both ladies gave us a brief bio of themselves and then how they paired the tea and chocolate (as follows):1. Green tea and white chocolate: I forgot the actual name of the green tea, but the pairing was light and delicate. Very refreshing to the palate.2. Mint tea and dark chocolate w/ ganache filling: Very tasty!  I think I snuck a few extra pieces of the choclate, but the combo was decadent! Almost luxurious...3. Kaitlen's Orange Spice tea and Enrobed brownie bite: MY FAVORITE PAIRING!! Oh, I don't know WHAT that brownie was enrobed with, but it was addictive, delicious, and fabulous! Plus, the spice tea was really sexy with the chocolate...there was a party in my tummy (so yummy, so yummy)!I'll definitely have to check out the massage, but for now, I'm content to sip my orange spice tea (had to have it)!!
