4	Stumbled upon this brand new restaurant adjacent to Bally's Steakhouse this past weekend.  What a hidden gem in the land of overpriced strip food.  Feeling slightly under the weather, we ordered a bowl of pho. The chef must have been tutored personally by ramen girl's soup nazi because they have got this down to perfection.  The vietnamese spring rolls are also some of the best I've had.  Only disappointment was the pad thai which was swimming in too much sweet sauce.  But the prices more than make up for the one dish not too our liking.  The dishes are reasonably priced by Vegas Strip standards.  We ordered 2 dishes, an appetizer and a bottle of Sonoma Cutrer and the bill was under $100.The ambience is cool with comfortable wooden booths next to a water pond. The service is exceptional  When the word gets out about this restaurant, it will be crowded because there aren't a ton of tables.   If you find yourself on this side of the strip, definitely seek out Sea.
4	This place was a nice surprise. We were looking for the steak house next door and Sea caught our eye. The place is small but the ambiance is nice. Wooden booths sit level with the indoor pond. The duck lettuce wraps were tasty and plenitful. We ordered our entrees spicy and they came out with no spice.  I thought thai food was supposed to be spicy to begin with? After sending the food back, it was finished correctly and had plenty of spice. Great taste and more than enough to fill up one person per plate. The service was good. The server was very polite, attentive and knowledgable of the cuisine. The manager even stopped by to check on us a couple of times. The bartender delivered our drinks and was very helpful with suggesting cocktails. Overall, this is a good place for beginners in ethnic food. Not too spicy and great taste with a helpfull staff.
3	The name of this restaurant is Sea - The Thai Experience.  However, the cuisine is more than just Thai, it also serves Vietnamese dishes.  The 4 of us came here to try it and we ordered the following:1) Tom Ka Kai (Coconut Chicken Soup) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jVD09YgKsDtKD5sOYes6wg?select=lmAHepVByukDMOrWinBaoA.  This was quite good with lots of white chicken meat, mushroom, and baby corn.2) Pad See Ew http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jVD09YgKsDtKD5sOYes6wg?select=w_wIIAPX2YUkzawuA9tY1A - I personally didn't try it but my guest liked it.  It looked good, so I'd take his word for it.  3) Pad Kee Mao with Tofu http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jVD09YgKsDtKD5sOYes6wg?select=nUvoYj1Zn7M5W8rYXz1viQ.  This dish is also known as Drunken Noodle.  It was quite spicy with good flavor.  However, I didn't care for the tofu that was used.  Instead of fried tofu which has softer texture, it was the firm tofu (aka bean curb) which didn't take up seasoning well, therefore, tasted really blend.  4) Pad Thai http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jVD09YgKsDtKD5sOYes6wg?select=2GRb1HNlVo0kdAxruvpU6A.  A huge disappointment.  Although it looked promising, the sauce was totally off.  It had a funny sour taste to it.  My guess was that the vinegar used was too much.  My fiance who is usually is a big fan could barely eat it.  He ended up ordering Chicken Fried Rice below.5) Chicken Fried Rice http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jVD09YgKsDtKD5sOYes6wg?select=u7O2fDzz4VxtsVhikDg-uQ.  You wouldn't think an Asian restaurant could mess up fried rice, would you?  Ha.  Second disappointment.  It was bland and tasteless, according to my fiance.  I don't think I'd be able to convince him to come back here after having 2 bad dishes.  The restaurant is kind of hidden in the back.  The decor is quite nice and staff is very friendly.  I think you can get better Thai food outside of the casino, but if you are too lazy to go out, this is not a bad alternative.  Just don't get the Pad Thai.  =)
2	My girlfriend and me decided to have dinner at SEA and enjoy the Thai food. She ordered a sort of crunchy salad ( greens with fried seafood) and I ordered fried rice with pineapple.The salad was so spicy that she was not able eat it (hot!, burning!). The pineapple in my fried rice was almost non existent.Quiet environment and reasonable prices but we did not like the food.
3	The food was average and each dish was too pricey for a 3 star hotel. I would rather not pay over $10 for something I can get for $6...
4	Can we all agree on something here?That, when in Las Vegas, you are going to pay more for the basics?Booze, smokes, food, everything, it's all just a bit more (or a LOT). So when i can find a place that's open late and serves really good food, even if it's a few bucks more than i would pay elsewhere, I'm stoked.We found Sea after arriving late on a business trip. I was looking for something resembling supper so i wouldn't be stuck eating a pre made cafe sandwich for $12. We asked a cocktail waitress and she mentioned the cafe (shocking) and almost off the cuff, Sea. I love me some Thai, so we rolled.Seats are half table and chair, half blocks of wood next to a pool. If your back is fickle, ask for the table and chair.So, the chow; i had Drunken Noodles, a dish i would have all the time at a local place in Pasadena while i was working there. It wasn't on the menu when i would have it, i though it was just something the chef would whip up based on what i liked. But lo and behold, here it appears on the menu and once brought to me, it was PERFECT. Flat noodles in a spicy brown sauce with basil, peppers and onions, chicken and garlic. Incredible.The waitress was on the ball the whole time, the food was great and in Vegas terms, it didn't break the bank. All around win. When conference comes around, i expect to eat here nightly.
2	Went during lunch on a Saturday and were the only people in the restaurant which should have clued us in. Don't get me wrong, the food was "okay" but for the price and service, not worth it. They kept bringing us the wrong drinks and then added extra dishes to our check that we didn't order. We think it was from the one other couple that came in after us....anyway, I got the drunken noodles and asked for medium spice, but I swear it was mild.
5	We went there in beginning of April. Found this place by accident when I was cruising  around casino, waiting for my wife. Menu looked interesting, decor looked fine - so, why-the-hell-notski :)We got there for dinner and got a place by the pond (well, a little pool of water right in the middle of the restaurant). A bit loud at first, even some unhappy faces (for some reason) but once we got an appetizer, Fresh spring rolls - just like in Vietnam :) Than we got drunken man noodles and East West Shrimp. For shrimps it said "Load of shrimp" on the menu - they really mean it!!! Drunken man noodles were fantastic !!! Shrimps were awesome!!! Taste was just right!!!Service was wonderful, waiter was on time, with no extra stupid checkups.   Only a bit weird thing was, their alcohol, beer, wine etc. is served from a small restaurant next door. And they will bring you a separate check :)The best thing was, I cut myself tapping to the very nice techno bit in the middle of our dinner, which was pretty loud... but sure enough - some bi*h complained.... cause it went away in a second.So... that is all for my experience... VERY recommend if you like Thai / Vietnamese food and great service!
4	The food at SEA is definitely good.  I don't know if it really is worth the price you pay for it though.  I never thought I'd pay $16 for Pad See Eiw ever.  Most Thai places only charge about $8, and in Thailand $1.50.  Seems like an overpriced Thai restaurant to me, kind of like P.F. Chang's is to Chinese restaurants.  In any case, the food here is delicious, price may not be a deterrent if lady luck is rolling with you in Las Vegas.The decor of this place is surprisingly trendy, especially since it's located inside an older Bally's casino.  There are nice tables beside a pool of water that centerpieces a nice Buddha statue.  Pretty cool for a Buddhist, like myself, to see such a remembrance of belief.  The restaurant looks very much like a few Sukhumvit restaurants and lounges I've gone to in Bangkok.  The bubble seats, in particular, that hang from a ceiling mount at the entrance reminded me of the trendy & cool Bangkok nightlife.  Personally, I just like sitting on them.My family and I ordered:Pad See Eiw w/ Chicken - $16Chicken Wing Lollipops - $9Green Curry w/ Chicken - $17Queen of Thai Basil w/ Beef - $16Tamarind Whole Fish (tilapia) - $32Everything tasted great.  Even, what I thought, was an overpriced Pad See Eiw had my mouth drooling for more.  The tamarind-chili sauce from the tilapia was exceptionally tasty.  I poured a lot of that saucy goodness all over my white rice.  Combining the sauce to an already aromatic jasmine rice made it even better.A note of warning though, SEA charges 20% gratuity for parties of 5 or more.  I didn't really like that since I thought the service was mediocre at best.  Fifteen percent would have sufficed since our waters were not refilled even once.  And, I'll be damned if I order another $5 Thai Ice Tea.  Anyways, I'll come here again if the dice are rolling my way or if I want to bring a date to a nice looking restaurant, otherwise I prefer to go to a more reasonably priced Thai restaurant on Spring Mountain Road that's just as good.
2	We ordered coconut soup, Pad Thai and steamed rice. We were disappointed with the quality. The coconut soup was okay. The Pad Thai is probably the worst I have had. It was overly spicy and oily.
4	Food....mmmm...yum.  the decor...so cute!  i loved the water features and the bubble chairs!  The food was great and the service perfect.  Very attentive.  We stopped in for a quick lunch before exploring Vegas.  We too ran into it by accident.  score one for SEA!
4	This was our first visit to Las Vegas and we found the SEA Thai Restaurant pretty much by accident in a corner of the Bally's Resort & Casino as we were exploring the area prior to lunchtime. With its rectangular pond with unique wooden tables integrated around it - overlooked by a statue of Buddha - we thought that we'd give it a try for dinner. So we requested a table by the pool for dinner. When we arrived that evening we were happy to find that our requested table was actually waiting for us. (This definitely does not happen in a lot of restaurants when a specific table or area is requested.)   We started with the coconut spring rolls, which were crispy and delicious (four to an order). My wife had the Queen of Siam Basil Chicken and I had the Bangkok Panang Curry with shrimp as a main course. Both were excellent and seasoned to our desired level of hotness.The wait staff was friendly and efficient. As noted by other reviews, the prices are a bit higher than what is normaly expected for Thai/Vietnamese food, but as one quickly learns in Las Vegas, nothing is cheap on The Strip. And compared to other restaurants that we visited on this trip, the prices were actually moderate.SEA is a restaurant definitely worth visiting. It's small, so I'd recommend making a reservation - and requesting a table by the pool.
1	absolutely lethargic, inexcusable and pathetic service, take ur money somewhere else, after 20 mins of waiting t the table there was no sign if service, even after complaining to the person in charge nothing changed, seriously expect people to shell $16 per dish with this sort if sloppy service..one of our worst experiences at a thai restaurant ever.
5	What a treat; an absolutely extraordinary experience! From the moment we arrived we were seated promptly, given exemplary service and dined on fantastic food. It was not real busy as we were here for lunch, but there were two servers always waiting in anticipation for a customer's needs. We were checked on multiple times at our table. As for the atmosphere, SEA is intimate with water everywhere. After a long day of traveling to Vegas and waiting in lines this was the perfect place to come and relax.I don't think I have ever had such Thai food. My friend Denise wouldn't shut up SEA for the rest of the trip. I actually had to convince her that we needed to explore the rest of Vegas, or we would have eaten every meal here.We ordered a yummy cocktail, the pad thai and the panang curry. It was all perfect down to the white rice that came out sculpted into a little pyramid. Can I give SEA 6 stars?Read more Las Vegas and Los Angeles reviews at my blog: http://rescuelashelters.wordpress.com/2011/07/06/the-best-of-the-las-vegas-strip/
4	When you're walking the strip at midnight you can't be too picky, and this place tucked in the back of Bally's definitely exceeded my expectations for a midnight meal.Good portions, not bad prices for Vegas, modern trendy decor. The set up almost feels like a bench and picnic table around a lake.
5	Wow.  Great ambiance, food and service.  I don't give 5 stars unless its truly deserved.
4	This place should get a good review just for the pomegranate mojito alone. Holy. Freaking. Delicious. It was another really late night in Vegas, we took a cab back from old Vegas and decided to have them drop us off at a random spot on the strip to find some dinner. It was close to midnight but Sea was open and there was a decent crowd in there still. The decor is beautiful and tranquil, much needed, especially after spending the evening in old Vegas. The service was quick and pleasant and the suggestion for me to try the pomegranate mojito was perfect. The menu was a little confusing at first until I realized one side is the Thai side and the other is the Vietnamese side. For dinner I had spicy noodles with chicken. It was OK. I asked for medium spice level but it really tasted like there was not spice at all. I was in the mood for something spicy so that was a little disappointing. The prices weren't bad at all and I left with a satisfied belly.
4	I love SEA Brooklyn, I hate SEA Manhattan. My level affection is based --absolutely-- on their Po-Pia Sod (Vegetable Summer Roll): Brooklyn's are fresh and vicious. Manhattan's are dry and sad. But when it comes to Vegas, there are no Po-Pia Sods on which to base my entire review on! Instead I had to order the boringly named Crispy Spring Rolls with lime and mustard vinaigrette. The rolls: Good! Not special, but good!The dipping sauce: OMG AMAZING! Super tart and sweet, littered with aromatic mustard seeds! Did I slurp it directly from the shallow bowl after I finished my rolls?! Only I (and my dining companion... and waiter) know for sure.The restaurant looks like a tiny knock off of the Brooklyn location. Which is appropriate since my opinion of the Vegas branch is akin to the beloved North 6th outpost! But, unlike the bougie Brooklyn location, this place is never crowded... at least not yet!
2	I stayed at MGM and according to my YELP iPhone app, this was the closest place for pho. I needed it to cure my hangover so we went. Service: Our server was really friendly. There was one issue: he didn't speak English well. Whenever we asked for something, we had to try to say it again with our hands by pointing to things, making motions, etc. I'm not sure if we were just too much to handle, but I truly think he just didn't understand. At least understand the simple stuff, like red pepper or extra silverware. Food: It was aiiight. Definitely not the best pho I ever had. That's okay, that really wasn't the issue. My problem was their lack of condiments. I love having everything in my pho, like all that Asian stuff! Siracha, hoisin sauce, chili pepper, etc. They just didn't really have that at our tables and when asked, our server was clueless. Unfortunately, my pho ended up pretty bland. Maybe this is because this is a Thai restaurant. But please don't charge me $12 for a freaking bowl of pho if you can't perfect it. If I ever come back here it wouldn't be for pho. Maybe next time I want pad thai or something I'll try it out again, but that's pretty doubtful.
2	Food came out 30 to 40 min later and the whole fish never came. Took forever to sit us as well even though no one was in line.  Pad tai taste worst than middle planet
2	If I were rating this on food alone, I'd give it 4 stars. Definitely one of the best options in either Bally's or Paris LV, and genuinely tasty food. If you ask for very spicy, you indeed will get very spicy.I had an excellent tom ka soup - thicker than most, and very satisfying. Drunken noodles for the main course, which were typical but not exceptional. A second visit included fish cake appetizers that were nicely crisp on the outside but tender and very flavorful.*However*, like so many places in Vegas, the service is somehow both friendly and incompetent. Many of the staff speak English so poorly that you cannot be assured you will get what you want. On my first visit, I ordered spice level '3' and instead got a '5', which significantly changes the experience. My dining companion also ordered '3' and got about a '2'. The actual spice level is irrelevant - the point is we ordered the same thing and got wildly different results.On the second visit, our dinners simply did not materialize at all. We watched for 45 minutes while diners arrived, were seated, and began to eat. No food. We spoke to our waiter, then another (since ours was not very fluent with English), and got several reassurances. We had indicated that we needed to depart at a certain time, and were again reassured. But that time arrived and still our dinner was "a few minutes" away. In the end, we had to leave without eating it at all! We got one curt "sorry" and that was it.I don't know (or care) whether that was a communication problem, a kitchen problem, or a management problem. Likely several at once. But the result was a *serious* problem for any restaurant. Beware.
4	We were at a Continuing Legal Education seminar that was being held in Bally's.  We only had a short time for lunch.  We saw SEA and thought it looked like just the thing.  It was.  I had the Drunken Noodles and was very happy.  Great flavors, fresh ingrediants and just the right amount of spice.I would certainly come back to SEA the next time I am in Vegas.Thank you.
4	Considering this is a "high-end" thai restaurant, and I actually enjoyed the food, this place deserved 4 stars. Why did I take 1 star off? Because it tasted like a hole in the wall [to yelper's standards] 5 star restaurant back home at L.A.'s thai town, just fancied up a little. The food was excellent, though, but for the prices were a bit high. Why still the 4 star rating? We came here on New year's eve night. Many of the nicer restaurants had prix fixe menus from $75 up and it was hard to find a nice place without one. I for one am not a fan of prix fixe menus. So we made a reservation here for 8:00 and didn't get seated until 8:30. That was annoying because we even split up our party of 14 just so we can get seated quicker. That clearly didn't work. They have to work on that if you ask me.The restaurant is dark, and very, very busy. They also don't have a restroom so you'd have to go to the casino floor to use one. It's nicely decorated, but I've eaten at Tao at the Venetian, which is much nicer, and similar in pricing. They also give you chopsticks... uh, they don't use chopsticks in thailand, they use a spoon and a fork. You'd think a restaurant full of Thai workers would know better.We ordered the phad thai, pineapple fried rice, pad see ew, and bbq pork chop entree. The 4 of us split it and it was all very good. Like I said, it tasted like it does at a popular authentic thai restaurant in l.a., but for twice as much. The service was slow at times, but it was new year's eve and it was a packed house. We always had plenty of water, and the waitress was good about checking on us, but she wasn't spectacular. She did bring my sister's request of chili paste and chili powder really quickly, which was nice.I wouldn't come back here because I'm sure there's a thai restaurant somewhere off the beaten path in vegas which can make food just as good, and for lower prices. BUT i did have a great experience and was happy with everything we ate.
4	It pains me to remember how we couldn't sit in the awesome Benches Floating on Water area because we were one too many for the 4-seater benches. Despite being turned away from utter tranquility, I still have a found memory of this place.Food: eh, nothing that I can't get for a lesser price. Not memorable.Service: good! my friend with a laundry list of allergies had all her needs met! Decor: even though frugal ole' me spent $50 on this meal (and a LUNCH, at that!), I still gave it 4 stars which is a testament to good company and interactive furniture and decorations. We couldn't get enough of the transparent globe swings that hung from the ceiling!
1	I took a group of 11 to this Thai restaurant this last Sunday, January 15th around 6:30. We were all in the mood for Thai and since this restaurant was able to seat us we were happy. When we arrived at the table we were short a seat and asked for another one as there was an entire table in our area that didn't have a seat at it but it was connected to our row of tables. We waited 10 minutes for the seat while one of our the people in our group stood and talked to everyone. We then asked for another seat again and nothing came for another 5 minutes. We then just took a seat from another patrons table once they said they weren't using it. It turns out we were probably better off going to In and Out Burger. The food was "ok" if you ignore the fact that they switched the spice on my dish and gave me 5 stars instead of one and my friend received no stars. After we covered my friends dish in hot sauce I asked for a replacement because they switched the spice.   The waiter said he would, then asked if I would like some chicken dumplings while I waited and I said that would be great. I then didn't see the waiter for a bit. He finally came by and said he didn't bring my dumplings because I received tofu with my meal, he wasn't sure if I was a vegetarian. Except that I did say I would like chicken dumplings. After he walked away I then motioned for his attention and asked what else I could be compensated with since my meal was still not there and my party was almost done eating. He asked if I wanted a drink, I said yes then I waited 10 more minutes. I then asked the waiter where the drink was and he said he'd check on it. He found the drink at someone else's table. He then remade my drink and instead of a mojito I received an ice syrup drink that was disgusting. On top of all of this, my final meal was not all that great.  Once we all put our cards in to pay for the waiter, I asked for change or to tell me if we were short cash. He already had an 18% gratuity on the bill. He then returned 5 minutes later and said we were square. I did the math and we were actually over $50 dollars of the owed bill.  So, in the end here is what we experienced:1. Bad service2. Weak drinks3. Hard to find seating.4. Non-responsive staff5. Bland food6. Could not get the spice right7. Did not compensate for mistakes8. Overcharged and was dishonest
4	Thai dishes are good but I found Vietnamese dishes better.The quality of food is good but i'm taking one star out as This is not the best Thai restaurant in town.Good portion of Vietnamese Noodles.The atmosphere is nice. Very nice place to dine. But the seats in the middle of the restaurants are very comfortable. there are no backrests. If you are two people, it might be good to sit there. If you are more than 3, i don't recommend.
4	After 20 hrs of not eating, and well not being that hungry...we decided to get some food.  Asian food sounded good so we came here.  The decor was nice, with a fountain in the middle that reminds you even teh divey places in Vegas are done up nice.Most importanly though, the food was SOLID!  I had the Pho and I thought it was pretty darn good.  My other friend also had the Pho and thought it was good, and we aren't Pho beginners either...experts almost.  I had the brisket and meatball pho for reference.  Ask for the sauces tho as they might forget.  Aside from Vietnamese food, the Thai food on the other side of the menu was also Bomb.com!  My friend odered the chicken pad see eew and it I thought it was pretty darn good.  Smokey and flavorful!!!Service was good, but it wasn't too busy either.  It was a bit pricey for what it was...but then again its VEGAS!!!
5	We tried it based on Yelp reviews, and are we ever glad that we did!  My husband ordered the Pad Thai and asked for level 3 and the Papaya Salad at level 5 - "Thai hot".  I ordered the sauteed vegetables with garlic sauce (came with rice on the side) at heat level 3.  We loved what we ordered, although I will admit that next time I will order heat/spiciness level 2 for myself.  I have to commend them:  the spiciness was not just "hot for hot's sake", but had real depth of flavor.  I will also say that the mango smoothie we had for dessert was the perfect calming point for my palate.  The restaurant was peaceful, lovely.  We were at a bench/table.  One really neat feature:  There was a large group dining in the side area and there are pivoting glass divider panels that the staff used that really cut down on sound transmission.  What a great thing to have.  I agree with other postings, it is not inexpensive, but I thought it was good value for the quality of food, service, ambiance and location.  We will return the next time we are near Bally's
4	This place was pretty good! They have Thai and Vietnamese options. I always try the basics when I try a new Asian restaurant. I ordered the Pho Tai (rare steak) and my hubs ordered the Chicken Phad Thai. Doesn't get any easier than this. EVERYTHING was delicious! My Pho came with a VERY GENEROUS serving of broth, noodles and rare steak. On the side I was given bean sprouts, basil and jalapenos. I had to ask for a serving of their chili sauces, and they were a perfect addition. I couldn't get enough. I was stuffed to the brim and still had leftovers. My hubs loved his phad thai. Perfect combination of sweet, spicy and peanutty-ness. The ambiance was very mellow and chill. Very modern Asian feel. Our booth was in a corner so had to slide all the way over to get some privacy from the booth right next to us. They had some fresh roses placed on the tables and fake candles to add to the mood. Seating was comfortable. BUT this place is a little PRICY. Ok, a lot pricy. My Pho was a whopping $15, and my hubs Phad Thai was $17 even though he asked them to hold the shrimp in his dish. I think if someone requests to withhold a major ingredient the price should be lesson (like an easy $2 less or something). It's located in the Bally's Casino and Hotel next to a Steak House and Cantina. Would probably not go again just because of the price. I can get delicious thai or vietnamese food anywhere else for half the price that I paid here. ENJOY - 'cause I DID! :)
2	We ordered 2 dishes - one came warm, the other came cold. The rice also came cold. We told the waitress and she took the food back, only to return with both luke warm.  The manager stood on a chair to put candles on the wall, but never wiped it off. Everything was overpriced. Any other restaurant would be half the price. Nice people, but very unprofessional. No, I will not return.
5	My husband and I stumbled upon this place while searching for food in frenzied Las Vegas.  We had been turned away at The Steakhouse at Bill's for a second time (that's a longer story and I refuse to think that place is in such high demand that we couldn't get a table at 7pm on a Sunday).  Anyhoo, we noted there was a steakhouse at Bally's and headed over there.  We noticed SEA right next to the steakhouse and were just drawn in.  From the moment we walked in, we were impressed by the service.  We were seated immediately and when we noted the quieter, calmer area in back, we were welcomed to sit there.  It turned out to be a perfect romantic dinner :)  In addition, it isn't crazy pretentious like many other nice restaurants in Vegas.  Great food, friendly & attentive service, and warm atmosphere.  Here are the highlights...-- Crispy Coconut Spring Rolls:  Perfectly crunchy and delicious, accompanied by a Lime Mustard Sauce that was sweet, tangy, and gently spicy.  The sauce was so good, we dipped the carrot garnish in it and kept noshing after the spring rolls were gone!-- Thai Style Lobster Tail:  AMAZING.  The lobster tail was still in the shell, chopped into perfect chunks, then breaded and (apparently) fried.  I needed my husband's help to get the shell pieces off, but that just made the meal more fun!  The veggies were perfectly cooked and the sauce was like nothing I've had before.  Plus the amount of lobster was very generous.  Soooooo delish!-- Crabmeat Fried Rice:  Hubby ordered this and it was really tasty!  It was full of lump crab meat and veggies, all blended together in a ridiculously good blend of flavors.  -- Mad Dragon Friter:  This SEA version of fried ice cream was a perfect way to end our meal.  The crunchy coating was uniquely spiced (I have no idea what those spices were, but they were great!) and it was accompanied by delicate slices of mango.  Lovely.Some people have said here that the service is "slow."  I disagree.  The service was exceptional and the staff left us alone long enough to get lost in conversation over our drinks, appetizer, meal, & dessert.  I believe this is the mark of a great restaurant...  I want time to enjoy my meal, especially when paying more than usual.  If you are looking for atmosphere, delicious food, and a special experience; you will get exactly that at SEA.  If you don't the like the company you keep, perhaps the service would seem slow... But don't take that out on the restaurant!
3	Solid Thai food in a nice atmosphere. It wasn't very crowded, but still took forever for my water to be refilled.  We tried the Pad Thai and Panang curry.  Both were good.  Overall a nice place in Ballys, I enjoyed it!
4	A smaller version of the original locations in Williamsburg and Meatpacking (NY) yet this restaurant still managed to encompass the delicious cuisine, abstract decorum and overall coolness of the others. Nice!
4	Good food good price menu Nothing like the Brooklyn one do...:/
4	one word: Soba. I don't eat Thai often but the last time I went to a Thai joint and asked for my dish to be really spicy, it was hardly that. At Sea, I ordered the soba noodles with beef and asked for it to come as spicy as possible and that's exactly what I got! I was so pleased.  Usually restaurants' version of spicy is pretty watered down but I left here with my lips burning 30 mins later! I love to feel the burn, ergo, I'm in love with this place. It was an orgiastic experience for my taste buds. The Thai iced tea was good as well as whatever my beau had. No time for dessert :'( Also, there was a guy there, the owner or manager (I'm unsure), that was very attentive and polite while I waited for my beau to arrive. The ambience is pleasant and seductive, dim lighting and interesting Thai inspired decor. I really hope I have time to come here again when I return to Vegas.
4	First, I have to say that I don't understand how a restaurant located inside a casino on the Strip could be so quiet.  My husband and I made reservations for 7p, but there was no need for them - we were immediately sat at a table, one of many that were open.  This place is a hidden gem to be sure!I tried one of the Vietnamese rice noodle dishes.  Not knowing exactly what it was I had ordered, I was pleasantly surprised with a cold noodle "salad" (I was anticipating a hot dish).  My husband ordered the pad thai and chicken satae (his Thai standards) both were on par with our favorite So.Cal Thai place, so we were very pleased.
3	I wanted to like Sea: The Thai Experience more than I actually did.  The decor is striking and contemporary, and service was prompt and friendly enough.  My companion and I shared some fish cakes as an appetizer, which were served with a sweet chili sauce and a pickled cucumber and onion salad.  They were delicious and set the bar high for the rest of the meal.I ordered Chilean sea bass served over mussels in a basil-coconut curry sauce.  The dish seemed to me to have a value less than the sum of its parts; the mussels and sauce were excellent, but the sea bass thrown on top seemed extraneous.  My dining companion's duck dish had a similar problem: The main element (the duck) was dry and overcooked, bringing down the rest of the dish. The flavors were there, and the prices are very reasonable.  Maybe they just need some polish, or maybe I just ordered the wrong dish on the wrong night.
3	We were vacationing in Vegas, and had a craving for Thai food.  This was pretty close to where we were staying so we tried it out for lunch.  I would say the food was delicious.  We really enjoyed it.  The only reason it doesn't get more stars is the service.  We ordered appetizers, and the main meal came out first.  We also felt the service was not so attentive.  It wasn't really that busy when we got there, and though it picked up a little bit later, I don't think they really came around to see how we were doing,  if we needed anything else.  Also, it was quite expensive (for Thai food), but the ambience and environment were nicer than other places we go for Thai, so that's the tradeoff.
2	The thai food I tried was decent (Pad Kee Mao, also known as Drunken Noodle), and the crab rangoon's were delicious. It's overpriced for the food, and I have had better Pad Kee Mao. The ambiance was nice, dim, clean, and romantic. I am giving them a rating of 2 stars because the staff gave extremely poor service. The waitress never came to check on us after the food had been served and never gave us refills. We had to ask another staff member for help and for the check, and the place was not busy at all
3	Like some of the other reviewers here, I thought the appetizer set the bar high and the entree did not quite reach it.  We had the coconut spring rolls and they came with an amazing sauce.  They really were quite delicious.  For an entree I had the ginger/pineapple chicken, and my wife had the mango dish.  Both were good, but nothing special.The service was excellent, and the decor was very nice.  The title for 3 stars is perfect, it was A-OK.
4	Decent Thai food, albeit overpriced (but it's Vegas, to be expected). Was a bit disappointed that they asked how spicy I wanted my food and instead of cooking it in that spice level just gave me a side of the spicy sauce. Drunken noodles were good though.
4	Classic bbq pork chop was good.  I try pork all over Las vegas and this was good juicy pork with sweet flavors.  They were able to make my Negroni cocktail without me telling them how which was nice, however they left out the orange peel.  I tried some of the dish off of other plates on the table and the calamari was pretty tough. Good atmosphere and service.
3	We got there around 10:30 pm, and were promptly seated. Very cool ambiance, and some unique seating arrangements, but by the end of the meal, sitting on a hard wooden bench really hurt my butt. We each ordered 1 well drink (rum & coke, gin & tonic), and specified house liquor. We shared a soup appetizer, pork belly with baby bok choy, and phad thai. The food was all very good, but everything was expensive. The main dishes were $18 each, and we just about crapped our pants when we got the bill and saw our house-well drinks were $10 each. That is insane. If we ever go back, we've learned our lesson not to order alcoholic drinks. On the plus side, the servers were very good at keeping our water glasses topped off, which is good since we order everything at a spicy 5-star.
4	This place is a hidden jewel in the mess of Sin City. Definitely a welcome change from the heat of the weather, noisy beeps of slot machines, and the omnipresent chaos of obnoxious young people. (I'm not going to apologize for what I just said, so deal with it. I will, however, apologize for the obnoxiously rude and annoying ways of my generation which I am regretfully a part of.) On with the review....Tranquil, quiet, serene. Almost felt like I was stepping into a spa. The decor was lovely. There is a wooden seating area (I don't think it was bamboo) surrounding the fountain, where a large buddha figure greets you at the head. The whole ambience was very relaxing. Definitely something I haven't experienced in Vegas before. The food is delicious! We ordered Vietnamese vermicelli bowls, pad thai, green curry (the rice came in a cute little pyramid shape!), and one other scrumptious dish that I can't remember. Probably some variation of fried rice. In any case, all were excellent and robust in flavors. Our waiter was shy and quiet, but very polite and helpful. I think anything we ordered here would have been just as tasty. Definitely coming back here again. I especially like that it was open at an odd hour of the day when most restaurants take their siestas (i.e., 3PM) so we didn't have to wait in starvation after hours of working at trade shows. I don't know how they did it, but they really brought some classiness and elegance into Vegas. Thank you, thank you..
4	Sea Thai is hidden away in a nook between a Margarita joint and yet another steakhouse in Paris, right by the hallway when you come through when you walk over from Bally's. The atmosphere and service were both just a pleasure. Seating surrounds a rectangular pool with a large statue of the Compassionate Buddha, with a screen behind it with a lotus flower graphic on it. Lighting is dim, tasteful and the atmosphere is contributed to by candlelit wall sconces. Unique wooden tables for 2 surround the pool, with more traditional seating along the walls.We especially appreciated, being Vegetarian, that every meal had a tofu option. In Vegas, that's a rarity!The only thing that kept this from a 5 star for me was that the food didn't actually taste Thai! I just assume that they removed the spice form the recipe to cater to the generic palate's of the average visitor. Don't get me wrong though, the food was very good and I'd go again...I'll just remember to ask for spicy next time!
4	Really tasty thai food, and lovely atmosphere with great service. The prices are a bit high, but it was nice to get away from the casino vibe and enjoy a calm meal. I will definitely go back.
2	Not a fan of this place.  For the price (which is a lot), the curry is fairly bland and uninspired.  Maybe it was a bad night but then again maybe this is a bad review.
4	So I came here twice. Not that i had a first bad experience, i just didn't think I'd be back again but when youre staying at ballys, and you're craving noodles, and you're too lazy to leave the hotel, and the Chinese panda express-esque place in the food court is being rude and ignoring you.. I guess you'd somehow find yourself stumbling to the same Thai restaurant again.So the interior and decor is absolutely beautiful!! My boyfriend and I sat by the water pond thing which felt very intimate and romantic. Kudos on the interior design. We ended up having a lovely dinner that I can only partially remember because let's be honest.. I'm in Vegas. We had the mediocre-tasting pad Thai that cost $18. If this wasn't Vegas I'd be outraged cause who would really want to pay double the price for half the portion you can normally get at a Thai restaurant? But, like I said, it's Vegas and the interior was beautiful. We also had some fried shrimp and chicken balls as appetizers for $8? It comes with 6 pcs with a yummy dipping sauce. I enjoyed it better than the overpriced pad Thai so I ordered it again the 2nd time I came here. Definitely worth it!
4	I stayed at Ballys during my stay in Vegas so Sea was right down in the lobby for us We came here for lunch because being from NYC we've both had Sea in Brooklyn.For the fellow NYers who might be reading this. Its the same thing, just a smaller version. Its nice for lunch, no one is really there. Its quiet and nice to relax after a long night or grabbing a bite before heading to the pool.Unfortunately I dont remember what I ate but Im sure I liked it. I do remember drinking a Pomegranate Margarita which I loved!
5	Food was fantastic, atmosphere was perfect. Didn't have reservations and still got to sit at the signature "floating" table! Would recommend if you are looking for something on the strip without the strip feel.
3	The atmosphere wasn't the best, almost nightclub vibe to it, but the food was good.  I'm a Vietnamese food especially Pho guru.   The pho didn't come with the sate, chili paste, etc so that is a negative.  They did had the sprouts, lime, basil, etc. The service was extremely slow for being one of the only ones in there.  I expected better service for $18 for a bowl of Pho.  I would go back again but expect to wait a little for food.
4	On our last night in Vegas, before driving home, the Boyfriend and I were trying to decide where to eat.  We were tired and hungry and sitting in the hallway to the parking lot of Paris.  We turned around and saw a poster for SEA directly above our heads.  Something in my mind clicked and I realized that this was the sister restaurant for SEA in New York which was featured in Sex & the City but also, more importantly, for one of my favorite scenes in one of my favorite movies of all time: Garden State.  "umm...we're a Vietnamese restaurant?  We don't serve bread?"  "Can I get something to chew on?  F***, bamboo.  Whatever."So it was decided that we would go to SEA for our final meal that weekend in Vegas.I'd never had Vietnamese food before, so I stuck to my old standby, shrimp red curry and sticky rice, from the Thai said of the restaurant.  The shrimp was well cooked and the curry flavorful.  BF went for a Vietnamese noodle dish with steak.  Mine was very very good, however, the Vietnamese dish was outstanding.  I totally wished I'd gotten the same thing.  The noodles were delicate and the steak supremely flavorful and tender.The atmosphere is great--I absolutely love sitting along the water, facing the statue.  I thought I would just explode quoting Garden State throughout dinner.  My one issue was that the lighting was dim and pleasant, but that there was no curtain separating the glaring kitchen lights from the rest of the eating area, some what taking away the dream light atmosphere.Best of all, it didn't totally break the bank and was a truly delicious and memorable meal.  I love finding places like this along the strip!
4	Place is difficult to find. It's INSIDE of Bally's. Once you're inside Bally's just keep walking straight ahead towards the Casino and look for signs. When I went with my friend in October for Halloween weekend, we were depriving ourselves of real food all weekend so we decided to try this restaurant out. It's a bit pricey than what I'm used to for Asian cuisine. I enjoyed that they served Vietnamese and Thai! Score. The decor is beautiful as well. There's a small swing the size of a ball you can rock back and forth (I don't know if that is allowed).In the middle of the room there is a buddha sculpture with a nice "japanese" like setting pond around it. REALLY great atmosphere. It was kind of romantic, especially when they dim the lights and the candles are lit. I wish I was on a date.The food was good enough, not amazing, but not terrible. They seem to have specialities as well which is good for me since I don't want to spend 20+ per entree if I can get the same entree/presentation elsewhere.I can't remember the other dishes we had, but we got this shrimp eggroll cocktail looking appetizer and it was TO DIE FOR! it was very cute as well. I'll be back. ENJOY!
3	I loved the Thai coffee, Thai tea and spicy herb fried rice (Thai). Everything is uber pricey in Vegas and this is not an exception
5	WOW! The best Thai food I have ever had! The Volcano Chicken was delicious! The Drunken Noodles, were like none other! I cannot wait to come back! The staff was super attentive...never had an empty glass of tea. If you are looking for a new Thai food experience, this place is a must to try!! You'll thank me later!
1	WORST RESTAURANT EVER. I left my debit card at the restaurant. After my payment, i stayed in the restaurant for awhile.they should have plenty of to tell me that i forgot to pick up my card .however, they didnt inform me of anything untill i made two calls after i left. I called them twice about my lost card. They finally admitted that they have my debit card. This is hella of disappointing. I cant believe they are so dishonest. I will NEVER recommend it to anyone.
3	Service needs improvement. Ambience is good.  Rice noodles are rehydrated type, at least the two dishes we had.  They were stuck vs loose.  The Tamarind Sea Food Combo was great.  Had to remind them to bring the rice.  Option of white or brown rice.  Thai ice tea was very good, almost no after taste.  I will still go back to try out the more unique dishes.  I doubt I will try the common dishes,  Las Vegas is too expensive to eat what is available in other cities. Considering Las Vegas, prices are on the mid to low.
4	SEA has honestly good tasting Asian food, but I can see why most people gave it a 3 star (because of their ridiculous prices!) But really, what do you expect for a place to succeed on the strip? Or even in a casino? It's gonna be pricey!I never ever thought I would ever pay $18 for a bowl of pho, that's like 3 PHO BOWLS every where else! Can't complain much if there's no where else to get Pho on the strip close to Cosmo. And the pho was actually pretty darn good! They sure do give you a lot of noodles & meat, and a big bowl (but still doesn't justify the $18 charge). Still, it was tasty. My friend got the Bun Ria ($20) and it was a really good, probably one of the better ones I've tried anywhere else. So the pricing of course is absurd, but the food isn't bad! If you are desperate and do not want to pay a $10 cab to get some Pho Kim Long (in Chinatown/Asian square) I say this does the job. Kind of evens out if you think about it...
4	Enjoyed the meal.  I tried something different than I usually get which was the Geyser Shrimp.  Rice noodles with shrimp and veggies.  Very tasty.  But if you want it Thai hot, you are really going to have to emphasize that.  I asked for it Thai hot but got normal hot so had to add the spice myself.Others in the party had the rice plate with pork and something else which was really good and a shrimp/bok choy dish.  Service was fast on the food, slow on the drinks but that was in part because there was one server for the whole dining room and the bar was actually outside the restaurant in the casino.Had the banana/wonton/cheesecake dessert.  Pretty good - tasted mostly of wonton and bananas.One drawback was the loud techno music -- at 6pm.  Would have preferred something more soothing to match the wonderful decor and escape the 'ping ping' noises of the slot machines.Reco going to Half Price tickets to get a 30% dining voucher as well.  Came in handy.
4	Enjoyed my lunch.  Had the Pho.
3	Stopped in at 11:00 on a Friday night. There were a few occupied tables, but halfway through our meal we were the only ones left. Sat by the water and had the three island appetizer platter to share, a couple of beers and the pho tai. Food was great, service was friendly. A nice change for late night munchies.
3	On our third day in Paradise, Cary was craving thai food and found SEA through yelp. The restaurant is really pretty inside and we got to sit in the area of the fountain and the statue. We had ordered calamari to start and the pad kei mao (drunken noodles) and the herb fried rice for the entrees. THe food was really good but because it is Vegas, I think they really lacked out on the heat. When I asked how spicy the food will be, I heard "oh really spicy!" We ordered both entrees with 4 stars because we didn't want to be idiots and order it too spicy if it's already "really spicy." Like I said, the food was good but the heat wasn't there and the price is ridiculous! 18 bucks for a plate that I know I can get for half the price somewhere else..... The service was alright, not the best. I had ordered a thai tea upon sitting at our table and NEVER got it. We had to ask for water and out waiter never came around to our table after we had ordered our food. The place was packed but it wasn't busy since I can see the buss boy and waiters and waitresses standing around chatting. The noise level  here is pretty loud considering that the restaurant is right next to the lounge area in Bally where they have a stage for performances, singing and dancing. I think I will try to find another thai restaurant that's cheaper, more attentative, and have heat the next time I'm in Vegas.
5	I love this place.  The atmosphere is beautiful and swanky.  The food is excellent. The servers are very nice. Each time the experience has been great.
4	We visited SEA during our last trip to Vegas solely because I'd bought a voucher on Travelzoo for a $45 dinner for two. This turned out to be about the best purchase I've ever made. Our meal was excellent, the service was good and the ambiance was excellent. We were lucky enough to be seated near the back and you could almost forget that you were in a casino.Our appetizers - coconut crusted shrimp and crab rangoon - were delicious. Similarly, our entrees (macademia crusted salmon, which I highly recommend, and a daily special calamari pad thai) were very flavorful and the portions were huge. My only disappointment was the dessert, a coconut ice cream sandwich that I found to be a little lacking.This place had probably the best Thai food I've eaten in Las Vegas. I'll be back.
5	Wow, I didn't even realize this restaurant was at Ballys since it is kinda tucked away in a corner!  Everything we ate was excellent.  The service was great and very fast, and the ambiance is cool with surprisingly comfy benches set around a pond.  My husband and I both agree that the have THE BEST crab rangoon of any we have tried; if you like crab rangoon do not miss these!  The prices are really reasonable considering it is on The Strip, in fact we got 2 appetizers, 2 entrees and dessert and our food was about the same cost as a different place we go to by our house.  We will be back!
5	This place is pricey for Thai food it it is Vegas so we expected the prices to be up there. The decor is very nice. The front of the restaurant has two hanging egg chairs which is cool because no one else has it! We ordered the lollipop chicken but it was a busy so don't get it. We got the coconut rolls instead and that was tasty!  My husband ordered the spicy pork belly and it was so hot and spicy he was sweating while eating it. I ordered the garlic chicken with mixed veggies. That was delicious!  I would recommend this place to others fruit are in Las Vegas and in the Bally's or Paris hotel .
3	Nice classy and modern decors. Romantic with the dim lighting. Great and fast service. We came here to eat twice in one week during our stay here at Bally's. The food we had did not wow me. I heard the Tom Yum soup was good, but I didn't get to try. The Pad Thai was ok. The beef Pho was way too salty and sweet. Big portion, but expensive ($17). I don't think they gave me any bean sprouts and lime the first time I ordered the pho, but the second time they did. I would come here for the ambiance, but as for the food I might have to order something else to try again.
4	SEA had a very awesome ambience. They had a beautiful fountain with a statue and had an area where the wall changes colors. It had a very modern touch to the restaurant. They had EDM going on and the music was fairly loud.12$ Honey walnut shrimp: This was so good! It's a bit different than chinese honey walnut shrimp. It has a cleaner taste to it. 18$ Pad Thai: It wasn't amazing. I like that tangy kick most pad thai's have and this one didn't. It was bland but it wasn't awful or anything.26$ Crab Fried Rice: This was really good. I love crab fried rice and this would be the reason why I would come back, along with the honey walnut shrimp.
3	This restaurant is visually pleasing and has pretty good food. I have been here twice and have gotten pad Thai tofu both visits. I love it! It is a pretty neat setting if you have the option of sitting in the booths that are set flush with the small pond. The waitstaff is friendly enough, but my boyfriend was shrugged off when he pointed out that his glass was cracked and cut his lip.
4	My family and I had dinner here during the week night, and it wasn't too busy.  We were seated right away at a table near the water fountain and had a nice view of the Buddha statue and with a pretty lotus flower sheer screen backdrop.  The restaurant has a nice tranquil ambiance with romantic dim lighting and modern Asian design. The service was friendly and attentive.  We had the tup tim fritters appetizer which were crispy chicken & shrimp dumplings with a chili sweet-sour sauce for dipping.  For dinner, we had pad thai with chicken and shrimp, brown rice and the tamarind seafood combo with crispy fillet of tilapia, shrimp, scallops and squid in a spciy sweet and sour sauce.  Our Thai appetizers and entrees were delicious but pricey.
5	Awesome food and atmosphere.. Great customer service. I wish i could of stood in the water and took a photo with the buddha statue.. The 3 appetizer was great with satay chicken and thai peanut sauce, dumplings, and duck!!!!
4	Had lunch there this week. I had the Rama the King with chicken. It was spicy from the red curry but not overly so. The peanut sauce was the star of the dish and the veggies were cooked well. It was simple, cooked well, and tasty. It may not be the fanciest place on the strip but the price is good and the food and atmosphere are worth the visit.
4	Quite good. Expensive but so is everything in Vegas so I would definitely recommend it. Got the drunken noodle with chicken and house Red wine.
2	Service 8/10- out server was very attentive ^_^Papaya salad 6/10- it was big and good just not spicy enough(yes we even asked for it to be spicier) Chao Tom 4/10- very bland but big Bun rieu 3/10- this is one of my favorite Vietnamese dishes but I've had better. It's really not great in taste it has more eggs then anything. And wayyyy to much fried onion. Broth didn't taste like it is suppose for bun rieu broth.
5	I came here around 11 pm after a recovery nap from day drinking. As you walk in, you're greeted by a stone buddha on top of a pond with floating lotus flowers. The decor is so cute, and the place is dimly lit. They even play good music - telepopmusik vibes. Super chill atmosphere. I ordered the spicy seafood noodle soup (medium spicy), which was $22. The portion was huge, and it was loaded with seafood - scallops, shrimp, calamari, fish cakes, and baby octopus. It also had rice noodles, bean sprouts, peanuts, and green onions. Super delish.My friend got the northern style shrimp tom yum with a side of jasmine rice, and he loved it. I tasted the soup, and it was very lemongrass-y, just the way I like it. My sister got the duck noodle soup, and she liked it, but thought it was a little too heavy. The service was also excellent. Our water was always refilled and our waitress brought sauces and explained each one. I would definitely come back the next time I find myself in sin city.
3	The environment is awesome, the Tom Yum soup is very good, the salads are all pretty heavily dressed, and the salmon I got is drier than other salmons I had before. You can get the coupon from the coupon place on the street so everything 30% off.
4	I loved the ambiance!! It's a LOT smaller than the SEA in Brooklyn but same theme. Really cute place for date night. Don't let the fact that's in Bally's steer you away!!! It's a classy/trendy little spot. Food was really good. The reason I gave it 4 instead of 5 is the fact that I got extremely sick immediately after leaving there. Even though that happened, I would still go back and give it another shot. I really enjoyed the food/experience.
3	This place is located in Hotel Bally, really high end for a asian joint. I love how the seating which creating an illusion your sitting on the floor like Japanese styleIf you craving Pho, this is the spot.  I had the Pho with Steak & Beef balls however it was so expensive like $18-20 a bowl.The broth was really good however my rare Steak tasted wierd - not in a good way. I was really hungry  so I dipped the meat  with the hosin/sirracha which help cover the funky taste.My friend ordered the Duck Soup and Love it!  He is a lite eater and I couldn't believed he finish the whole bowl (It was that good)I would comeback again only because it's the only pho in this area.
3	There are only two places on the strip with Thai food that I know of. Lemongrass inside Aria and Sea inside Ballys.  Can't knock the quality as I enjoyed meal. For Thai food it is pretty expensive but you are paying for location. No joke on the spicy level. A 4 out of 5 here means business! Next time I think I will go with a 3.
4	We came here to celebrate a birthday. Didn't know it, but there aren't a lot of thai restaurants on the strip. We came in and were at the front for about 10 seconds before a server came up and let us know that someone would be right there to help us.Since we were celebrating, we ordered a bottle of chardonnay to go with our meal. Our server came back to tell us that they were out of bottle we ordered, but would give us the next best wine at the same price of the bottle we ordered. I thought that was really nice of her.Now for the food: Crab miso soup was awesome but came out warm not hot. Still great though. Chicken and shrimp dumplings were amazing. Best food item we ordered. Once again... Dumplings are a must have. For dinner, my wife and I split 2 entrees: the spicy soba noodle and shrimp fried rice. As a precautionary, we went with a level 2 spice. Holy God it was spicy. Just be careful when choosing your spice levels here. For me, I loved it. The wife, not so much. But it was still so good it forced her to power through. The white wine was a nice balance for the spicy dishes.
4	If you are In vegas and really craving some pho or Asian food it's going to cost you $18 for a bowl of pho. The good thing is that it is a large bowl and tasted pretty good! The way I see if you don't have a car to get to Chinatown then this will do!
5	FYI: this restaurant closes at 2pm and opens again at 5pm for dinner. Kind of weird...especially since it's located at Bally's casino level...where everything operates 24 hours. Eh..but whatever floats their boat I guess.Food was delicious. Portions were plentiful. Atmosphere set the mood just right. I really enjoyed sitting next to the pond area with lily pads floating. =) Cute!Wouldn't go out of my way just to eat here, but if you're around the area or if you're staying at Ballys for your Vegas trip, I highly recommend you checking this place out.
5	Wonderful food and drinks!! The atmosphere and seating was fun and service was quick.
3	My husband and I both got curry. He got the red curry and I the panang. The dishes were both very tasty, can't complain about the flavor. However, although the chicken in the center of the dish was hot, the sauce was spread out over a large plate and so was quite cold by the time it reached our table. Also, desert wasn't all that great. We got the golden banana roll, which was somewhat dry. Additionally, it was served with a raspberry sauce, which was incredibly salty! When we asked the server if the raspberry sauce was salted, it turned out she didn't know anything about the dessert at all and went to the kitchen to ask. She returned, saying that the sauce is NOT salted, that the cooks tasted the sauce and said it was fine. This is impossible, as the sauce was saltier than cup-a-noodle soup! I think they may have made a batch with salt instead of sugar. Next time we go, we'll skip dessert!
4	Good food although very spicy.  Good service and ambient.  Good for kids too, a bowl of rice is always a success with them
1	I don't know what was wrong 40 minutes waiting after we order and food never came, and waitress did not show up again neither. Of course we leave.
3	I liked this place just fine, but I think the decor and ambiance out shown the food in my opinion. There were a lot of fantastic items on the menu - in fact so many it was hard to choose! I had heard that the spicy soba noodles were a hit, so I went with that. It was good, but not great. Although there was plenty of shrimp on it, they were all butterflied, and nothing was over cooked. I suppose it was just that explosion of flavor that I love from Thai food that was missing. Combine that with the Strip prices - I spent $40 on an entree and sake, and I left feeling like it was an ok experience for the price.
4	I was worried coming here because there were few people here at 7 and from reading reviews. But the service was great. And the food was awesome. I had the Malay massaman curry. Perfect spiciness. And the mango margarita was more of a martini but it was awesome. I definitely recommend this place. And sit by the lotus pond if you can.
5	First time here.  The food was great.  Have had great Thai in LA, so we were hopeful it would live up to some of the other reviews.  It did.  Will definitely be back.
4	The food was yummy and the decor was very beautiful. I just think the entrees should be $5 cheaper. I think $18 for pho or fried rice is just too much.
4	Love me some great Thai Food...Came here with my hunny we had a great experience. The food was wonderful and very tasty. The seating was so relaxing. This place made my day....Will definitely come back.
5	We come here every time we are in Las Vegas. It is somewhat hidden in the back of Bally's casino but it's a gem. The Thai iced coffee is the best I've ever had (you can even get it for dessert as a float!). Other must-haves are the Caesar salad and the drunken noodles.
1	I take no pleasure in handing out low ratings and reviewing harshly, but in some cases its necessary. From the onset, I felt a certain unease as we, a group of six were seated by the door which I clearly asked not to be. The center piece of design was in the other sitting area and our guests were unable to observe the Buddha even though I asked the host to be seated elsewhere. Vegetable Spring Rolls were low quality and filled with some form of shredded kelp seagrass, nothing else. This item can be more readily accessible in aisle six, the frozen food department at your local grocer. The Vietnamese Shrimp Rolls, only fractionally better as the peanut sauce was good and the Almond Wontons lacked any form of flavor.  The entrees had a peculiar oder, from the spare ribs to the crab fried rice (an horrid upsell by the server, $26.00 for six ounces of rice and low quality, canned crab meat.) The Duck in Orange sauce was skimpy, just one pathetic sized leg and thigh for $26.00. The House Sake was atrocious, the garnish for all dishes was so sloppy and poorly plated. There seemed to be little or no professionalism from front of the house to the back of the house in their entire approach. They tacked on a 20% gratuity which is not uncommon for parties of five or more. Is an automatic tip a good reason to work your tables in such an uncaring and unprofessional manner?  Striving for a higher total bill cost is NOT the emphasis, but it was ay SEA the culinary experience from hell. After two hundred dollars and grumbling bellies I walked out mortified.
4	I was so craving for thai foods one night in vegas.So i found this rest from yelp.Omg, foods were so tasty, friendly staffs and rest interior looked fancy too.But price of menu were expensive than you expected..i think compared to other rest in vegas, this prices were reasonable.I will go back if i had a chance again.
1	Slow, slow, slow service. Sit down ahead of someone else and they get served before you???? Really? 40 minute+ wait for rice and beef? That's a no go!!!
2	Poor service and mediocre food. Due to food allergies and lactose intolerance we had a pretty specific order, and unfortunately our waitress didn't follow through with any of our requests. The pad thai arrived first, covered with peanuts, so that had to be taken back right away since my guest preferred not to make a trip to the hospital. Then the tom yum soup arrived, and surprise, surprise, they still added milk! Luckily my guests had some lactaid pills with them, so they popped those instead of waiting for a new order. This restaurant also charges you for rice- we ordered a large, the waitress brought out a small. We also got pho tai and garlic chicken, but like the other 2 dishes, they were nothing special. Needless to say, I won't be returning.
2	I ordered the duck confit. The duck was a good grade, but was bland and there was lump of cranberry sauce next to it that didnt really compliment the duck at all. The noodles that were served with the duck, were the same exact noodles that came with my wifes dish (very garlicky and salty). It had no buisness being on the same plate as duck with cranberry sauce (wich is sweet). Its kinda like they plop generic noodles on every plate, wich tells me they dont actually THINK about the menu.I could have that kind of dining experience at "Wongs take out" around the corner from my house for the $8.99 dinner special. That means the person in the kitchen is a cook- not a chef (sorry). The reason I rated this restaurant "fair" instead of poor, was because the service was good and it seemed clean. The reason I say "seemed clean" is because it is EXTREMELY DARK in there, and you can't see anything! I'm not kidding - the waitress laughed when we requested a light so we could read our menus - she said "it happens all the time". Also - $4.00 PER GLASS of pepsi, and they will take your half empty glass and bring you a re -fill (cha-ching!). My wife liked her chicken pad thai, but she agreed - way better choices for reataurants in Las Vegas for your money. Sorry SEA, but you wont SEA me again! Hope this helps.....
3	The food was good but I would only rate it as okay compared to other Thai resturants I have eaten at.  The service was very slow.  I do not think they had enough help. Our server was trying hard but had too many tables to wait on.
4	Solid service in this hidden on the strip Thai place. Ambience and quiet are the highlights here. Food was pretty good. I chose the cashew chicken which didn't seem real spicy at level 5. I'll likely come back due to location and room noise isn't high which is rare on the strip. Lol.
3	Techno-clubby music (loud too), smoke from the casino, and high prices are jarring notes to this otherwise decent restaurant in Bally's casino. I've had the red curry and the pho ga. Both were good, the curry having a good amount of heat as requested, but the 18$ for each entree was on the high side of what it should have been.  The pho ga broth seeemed overly salty and oily.  If you have to eat here, its OK, but if you have a car, go visit a real Thai place.
4	Tasty food, but unless you have s death wish, don't order anything spicy over level 3 on their scale of 1-5! I enjoy spicy food, but the level 4 Island Red Curry was a bit too much to really "enjoy". Also, due to the large, unheated plates, the sauce was pretty cool. They need to warm the plates before serving. The  chicken and shrimp dumpling appetizer was delicious. Beware... The Tamarind Bass is a complete fish, so is best if split between a group of diners.
4	Green curry excellent. I asked for Thai hot and it came out pretty hot... That's unusual in many places. Service was fast! Took about ten minutes when NY to go order when it wasn't too busy.
2	There weren't many dining choices in Bally's so we decided to try SEA. Ugh, not good.  Cheap wine is way over priced and the food was not very good. I ordered the Drunken Noodles with Chicken and it was bland and sloppy wet. My wife had a seafood bowl that was just as tasteless and looked more like soup than a noodle dish. And if you want rice, better order a bowl or you won't get it. For What it cost to eat here, I'm not impressed.
2	SEA is simply lovely. The decor is beautiful, simple, and peaceful. Staff members are attentive and gracious.Unfortunately, all of this can't make up for the disappointing food. My dinner companion had the pad thai. I had the jungle curry. Both were some of the most lackluster Thai food we have ever had. If you want to enjoy a peaceful place, SEA will do just fine. If you're looking for good food, I'd probably look elsewhere.
2	Well, yelp nailed this one: "meh" is right. After one too many dinners at a bar, I was craving some Thai, and SEA was close by and reasonably priced. The decor was beautiful, the ambiance was nice, and the glass of Riesling I had was perfect. It went downhill from there. (Speaking of the wine... There is no bar at SEA. So, if you order a drink, be prepared to wait until they fetch it from the abyss.)We started with a shared appetizer of spring rolls, which tasted like... nothing. I mean, I guess it could have been worse and they tasted bad, right?Next, our waiter. I got the distinct impression he was making fun of us, like we've ever eaten Thai before. Not cool, dude, not cool. My friend ordered a dish, but asked that, on a scale of 1 to 5 (with 5 being ridic hot), her meal was between a 2 and a 3. I asked for green curry, with a "4." Apparently, this was hilarious. The meals finally come out, and.... my friend's dish has NO heat, and if my green curry was a "4" on the heat level, then that's just sad, y'all. I can't remember the last time there were peas and portobello mushrooms in a curry, but it didn't taste bad... Just sad. Other than being affordable and pretty, I'd stay away if you're a real fan of Thai.
4	I've got to say, this was one of my favorite meals in Vegas. I've never been to the one in New York, or feel very snobby about Thai food, so I give this two thumbs up, a satisfied tummy and four stars. First of all, the interior design is incredible. It's almost as if you are dining inside a fountain with Buddha. The seats are level with the water feature, and a statue garnishes the very end of the pool. We had a large group, so they accommodated us without a reservation in their back group seating area behind privacy screens. The service was simply amazing. They all treated us like kings. Very attentive and suggestive. The food was phenomenal. They put all kind of good stuff in their dishes like basil and chilies. They've got a great wine selection, and very reasonable prices for what you pay in Vegas.
5	This place turned us on to Thai food. Thank you. Once you have tried Thai you will nevet go back to Chinese!
4	Great food at semi-reasonable prices for Vegas. Generous portion of veggies. Everything freshly prepared. Brown rice available. Great choice for a healthier meal. Eat in or to go.
4	Don't know why the haters hate. The food here was good, and the only thing to criticize is that the heat is a bit weak Order hotter than you normally would. Had the spicy basil chicken. Amazing. Opened with the original Tom Ka soup. Great flavor but ordered medium, it lacked heat. It is relatively peaceful. Not by most standards, but certainly by Vegas standards. Best compliment I can give it is that I'd eat there again.
2	Nothing to write home about! Poor service and the herb fried rice was just ok. Will not recommend this place. There may be other better options...
5	Delicious food. Pork rolls are amazing. Green curry dish with shrimp. Yum. I like it spicy. 5. Too hot for most people. Excellent service.
4	Very good service; nice selection. Had the Pad Thai chicken and it was very good. Nice texture to the rice noodles; tender chicken; spices on request.
2	Needless to say I don't give much 2 stars out there.  I came here with high hopes since it seem like a swanky Thai joint.  My buddy and I wasn't really hungry so we shared some dumplings to start and the Siamese Fried Rice.  Truthfully, in my point of view the dumplings were like Siu Mai from dim sum.  It had a good pork flavor, but the soy sauce it was sitting on was over salty.  I would start by changing the dumplings since it really wasn't in my viewpoint.  As for the sauce place it on the side and some spice needed.  The Fried Rice was nothing spectacular.  Rice that's fried with dried chicken.  I'm surprised they didn't ask me for the spice level!?  Needless to say, I was highly disappointed.  I would say service was good and so was the ambiance.  However, I'll walk to a new Thai joint next time around. - Enjoy!
3	Average thai food. I had the stir fried greens and rice (rice is separate from entree). My friend had the pad thai and it was way too saucy for me, unlike other pad thais i have tried in the past. I liked the decor and overall ambiance and I have to say that service was attentive. The actual restaurant was pretty small but intimate. However, At the end of the day, Its still overpriced thai food.
4	Really good thai food! I had the seafood Rad Na and hubby had grilled chicken and chicken fried rice. Their portions are quite worth the price. Too bad I have to wait a year to try this place again!
1	The worst Thai experience ever. The food is awful and way over priced. You can get better Thai food and cheaper else where. The waitress lost our cc and the management didn't even offer us anything for our inconvenience. I normally don't write reviews but I had to warn others. Dine at your own risk.
4	Crab fried rice was delicious!
3	Noodles and crab Rangoon were good. Service is slow and the staff looked/seemed stressed out. Kind of pricy too.
5	A bit pricey, but I love the ambiance here.  There location is pretty bad and easy to miss but if your on the stip and especially staying at Bally's make this a place to not miss.
4	Great experience!  Friendly, well verse, professional staff. I had lemongrass chicken which was amazing.
3	She sells seashells by the seashorehttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sea-the-thai-experience-las-vegas#72KODOc9wIrLiJCmEbU6Ew30% off via Tix4Tonight deal of $2/personLiving out our inner Katniss & going through our "Hunger Pains", we needed something yummy to fill our tummies.  Not being in the mood for a burger or whatever fried crap available, we thought Thai food sounded good.SEA:The Thai Experience is located back in the boonies of Bally's Hotel & Casino.  The cuisines served are both Thai & Vietnamese.  The ambiance was rather nice, with the center of the restaurant having a fountain pool with a Buddha statue, surrounded by wood tables.  On the periphery, standard tables to dine at, with a private area for large parties.Being Vegas, we knew we shouldn't expect prices similar to the local haunts back home.  I was almost taken aback as to how much things were, but with 30% off, it helped sweeten the sour taste of overpriced food.Fried calamari($12)-http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sea-the-thai-experience-las-vegas#GfhhEFZn2GCeSDFfXlbYiALightly breaded calamari, fried to a nice texture, accompanied with sweet chili sauce.  Nice & chewy, these were really good.  I'm a big squid fan, and I enjoyed each fried piece from the sea.  Pad Thai, with beef ($18)-http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sea-the-thai-experience-las-vegas#yUTLbpFitScqvHh75IGvBQSweet, sour & filling, the pad thai had fair portions & was as good as any that I've had dining at my favorites.  Honey walnut shrimp fried rice ($18)-http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sea-the-thai-experience-las-vegas#dUTI_D4Rxdqi6-iHIxXNUAWinna, winna!  The highlight of our meal, the honey walnut shrimp fried rice  made me want to pop a wheelie in a Tuk-Tuk down Las Vegas Blvd.  Crunchy walnuts & bell peppers, a pleasing amount of deveined shrimp with a medley of vegetables  wok-tossed with seasoned rice.  The portions were great, and I relished this dish, since we only had appetizers for dinner the night before.  Service was on the slow side.  The place wasn't too busy when we arrived, so I didn't understand why our food took longer than necessary.  Our drinks were kept filled & we had a nice meal, enjoying Thai music & the sound of falling water from the Buddha fountain.  In summation, we had a nice Thai lunch at SEA:The Thai Experience.  Would I dine here w/o the Tix4Tonight deal?  Heck no!  Way too expensive for stuff that's 3 times more costly than restaurants I usually go to.  However, the food was good & we were happy.  Furthermore, the ambiance was a nice respite from the frenzy of the Strip.Recommend with the 30% off Tix4Tonight deal
5	We really enjoyed our meal here. We had the crazy pad Thai with duck and the Ginger and broccoli with shrimp. We can't exactly remember the names of the dishes but we do remember that they were delicious. The waiter was very helpful in giving us suggestions and was very attentive. Last time we were in Las Vegas we couldn't find this restaurant as we forgot our cell phones so we had to eat somewhere else. This time we checked to see where it really was before heading out to eat. This restaurant is in the Bally's Casino. The restaurant decor is relaxing and the place was full when we finished our meal. We highly recommend this restaurant and we will return next time we are in Vegas and want some tasty Thai food.
4	Came to Las Vegas for the weekend and after seeing the menu to Sea, I had to try it. We went early on Sunday morning right when it opened. Jessie took care of us and he was polite and awesome. The food . . . awesome as well! It's hard to find a great Thai place. Even in Las Vegas. The ingredients were fresh, the customer service was great, over all, next time I'm in Las Vegas I'm sure I'll stop by and grab a bite here.
3	The ambiance is cool with the water pool and statue, and the pomegranate/mint/vodka drink was fantastic. We had a coconut shrimp appetizer, which was ok (might have been a little over cooked). I had a spicy green curry with shrimp, peas, peppers, and bamboo shoots, and my girlfriend had a special dish with scallops and vegetables. I liked the spiciness of my dish, but the rest of the meal was just "good". Given the prices, I wish it had been a little more special.
3	I had the SEA noodles with the mixed fish. It was good. The noodles were well prepared, the fish were diced nicely. The sauce had a nice tangy flavor.They have a nice drink selection.The ambience of the restaurant is very nice. A fair amount of these restaurants on the strip are way too loud. This place was a nice get away from the noise of the slot machines.
5	Amazing food! Drunken noodles were amazing! Go to a half price tix booth and get 30% off
5	In my humble opinion, this is one of the best Thai restaurants this side of the Rockies... I ordered my favorite dish Pad Kee Mao and was not disappointed.The spicy thin sauce covered the thick egg noodles and just al dente (can you use an Italian word when describing Thai food?) fresh vegetables sang in my mouth.I ordered veggie egg rolls encrusted with toasty coconut as a starter. These little delicacies were served in a sea of sweet, slightly lemon sauce.It is a beautifully decorated place with special touches of design. It is tucked out of the way at the back of the Bally's Casino. Worth the walk through the slot machines!
5	Loved my experience at the Thai experience ! :)This was my last meal before heading out of Vegas and it was fab. Lip smacking spicy food, beautiful ambience and absolutely friendly service. Thumbs up: pretty much everything we ordered :-D Thai iced tea (believe me there are tons of places that mess up something as simple as Thai ice tea), jungle chicken, Thai Basil fried rice.The pad thai was a little below my expectation.  I was missing a hint of flavor. To all the Thai food craving gang you got to visit this place!
4	This place is lovely. The food was wonderful too. Whatever crispy walnut shrimp appetizer we had was amazing. I ordered the spicy bbq chicken- they freaking lit it on fire in front of me!! It was so tender, I can't order thai bbq chicken anymore, it just can't compare.
2	It's located in Bally's. We ordered take out Sunday afternoon Sept. 7. Crab rice- was 3.5/5  okay to good. Tom yum soup-  solid flavor.Seafood noodle soup- spicy. Not very much noodles provided. Mango sticky rice- good.Total $73You can only get away with this kind of overpricing in Vegas.  Many Thai restaurants elsewhere would have much lower prices for exact same items. The restaurant was empty when we pickup the food. Negative- for take out, they put the soups in plastic cylinder containers. It's fine for the tom yum soup but for the noodle soup, it doesn't work very well. They provide the noodles in a separate SQUARE  styrofoam container. You can't throw in the noodles with the soup container because it would be really awkward to eat the noodle soup out of. I had to pour the soup into the square container for the noodles which was a bad noodle eating experience. For a place that charges $20 for noodle soup, you would think they understand from a consumer perspective of the logistics of eating the noodle soup. They don't.Most places have bowl containers so you can put the noodles into the soup and have a proper noodle eating experience. Such containers can be bought bulk with a price of .20 cents a bowl. Maybe they have little experience with take out food and the eating experience with it. Asian noodle soups tend to be around $8-12, for vegas pricing I'd accept $10-15. NOT $18-20. Crab rice was $26--crab is not that luxury of an item in vegas so very over priced. Should be about $18. Overall, really over price for what you are eating. Food is ok. You can get a much better food experience for the same price points at other places. I'll predict they wont survive here. The price point is not in sync with Bally's price point demographic and it would be silly for people from other casinos to come eat there. Will not eat there again unless it was free or they lower their prices to a normal level.
5	I seriously dont know why this restaurant got 3& a half stars.Our thai experience with my family was great.the food was great the service was superb.and the place was so cozy and lovely.we ordered crab fried rice, chicken satay, seafood tomyum white soup, garlic prawns which was my favorite...it was a huge prawn.very very fresh and yummy...it was very very good.bbq ribs sweet and yummy. The cozy cute place was very nice and decors are so ellegantly simple.I love this restaurant.
3	The food has been consistently good over the past few days, as we're staying at Bally's for a "working" trip. We choose to eat here because it's close. The reason for only 3 stars is because the service is slow and you're never sure who your server is. I let it slide on a busy day. Today it's not so busy and the service still is lacking
3	I ordered the Phone.  As a Canadian I am appalled by how much cilantro and mint they add to the vietnamese food in the US. I dislike both. It wasn't stated on the menu so the first time my meal came out , I had to send it back. When it came out correct it was good. Not the best I've had though.  The service was okay as well.
5	Amazing food the prawns where so fresh and delicious and the atmosphere was beautiful. My mouth is watering thinking of the dinner we had! Would recommend to anyone visiting vegas
1	The service was good but their food wasn't. I had the duck dish and it tasted really rubbery and dry. My husband had the seafood combo and it also tasted rubbery. We both ended up feeling sick the next day.Don't eat here, unless you want to get sick.
4	There are a ton of okay restaurants on the Strip but this place is definitely a hidden gem in the back of Bally's. When you walk in most of the tables are around this fountain/small pond in the center of the restaurant that gives a laid back vibe. The food is excellent, with the spring rolls having more flavor than most with some lemongrass and weren't greasy at all. The Panang curry with beef was likewise top notch with lots of meat and string beans in a sauce that has some spice but isn't burning a hole in your tongue.The service is very friendly and fast here and it wasn't too packed on a weekday night but I made online reservations since I wasn't sure.
4	This was definitely a hidden gem.  We had tickets to see Jubilee and wanted to do dinner before hand at Bally's.  Thought SEA would be a great change from what we are schedule to eat during the rest of our trip.  It is way it the back corner of the casino by BLTsteak.  Nice quite and tucked in.  Beautiful interior, with a central water feature.2 minor issues.  This is a pricey restaurant so I would not expect for them to have the cheapest, crappiest chopsticks I've ever used.  My thai restaurant at home has significantly nicer sticks and the dishes are half the price.  Really no excuse for short cheap wood that don't separate.  A place this nice should have beautiful sticks.  The other is that we order a pitcher of tea and the "pitcher" is a tuberwear jug.  With the label on it.  Again where is the class.  I can see beautiful teapots on the other table but I have a $2 plastic jug. Mind you the tea was pored into wine glasses but really.Ok onto the greatness...the food. Before appetizers we did the crab Rangoon and the honey walnut shrimp.  The Rangoon was good, what made it great was the sauce.  At first my dad thought they forgot to bring the sauce because he couldn't see it.  It is a cleanish cucumber sweet sauce.  Totally elevated the Rangoon.  The honey walnut shrimp were tasty with a light batter and lots of crunch.I am addicted to pad Thai and I firmly believe that you can judge a thai restaurant by its pad Thai.  So I was really excited when I saw they had crazy pad Thai- a choice of duck or calamari.  I did the duck. And I have never been happier.  Part way through the meal I told my dad that I felt like a vacuum because I was just sucking it up.  The duck was so tender and succulent.  Just thinking about it again makes me happy.  Plus there were plenty of peanuts.
4	This first time I take dinner at thai rest in Las Vegas ,me and girl friend got 30% disc from tix for tonight counter just only paid $2 as they suggest got dinner before show(jubilee) ,we ordered volcano chicken ,patting green curry and Tom yam soup and dessert ice cream with fried banana  the taste was delicious ,little bit over price but luckily got 30% disc ,service was oke ,clean,nice decor . We love it .we will come back next time
4	The fact that this restaurant seated us just before midnight earns them an extra bonus star-- Great service and really good food make it a solid four-star. We called and tried several restaurants on a friday night and were basically shut out at the eleven-thirty ish hour. When SEA answered and sounded delighted to have us come, we were more than pleasantly surprised. Patty, our server, was kind and friendly and sold the mad russian on a special saki that they had at discount and actually dissuading her from heating it up. This one she said was best served cold. Bonus points added. Nothing special about the beers my sister and I had, but we really enjoyed the pond side seating we had with the floating lotus flowers.What we had:Crab RangoonFrittersGolden Crab RollCrazy Pad ThaiScallop Stir FryAll of the food was very good and we enjoyed a great meal so late at night. As far as we could tell, they made no short cuts on food or service. Well done!
1	Never write any bad review before but I have to for this restaurant. We went to this Thai restaurant yesterday and had really bad experience.The location is the only great thing for this restaurant. The staffs were rude. I didn't even finish eating my food, she took my plate away.  Not many people were there, why did they have to rush? We went there to enjoy eating and talking to friends. Food was ok and the price is too expensive!!! We ordered just 5 orders but it costs us $250!!! We tried to check the price but they were rushing us and cleaning the table and took the bill away with credit card. I saw they already added gratuity but didn't see details of what they charged for the food. Many restaurants have policies of automatically charging a certain percentage for a gratuity, often 18 percent, if you have a group of eight or more. BUT we went there just a group of FOUR!! This is so shady!!!BAD SERVICEPRICEYSHADY ON THE BILLOK FOODWE WILL NEVER GO BACK THERE AGAIN!!
3	The food here was very good, to start with. We had pad Thai and a Penang curry. Both were very well prepared and very tasty.What was disappointing was the service. We expected a wait at the door, given the weekend of the CES conference and that's what we got (despite being near 9pm). But after maybe 20 minutes we were seated next to the pond inside, which was nice.Unfortunately, our waitress seemed disinterested in us, instead paying more attention to other tables while taking our orders. We later had our food come out (bit of a delay, but again expected) but delivered without cutlery, so we had to sit and look at our food until we could finally grab one of the waitstaffs attention to provide us with cutlery.After we had finished our mains and asked for the check, we again waited another 15 minutes for it to be delivered - at this point the restaurant was barely half full.It redeemed itself with the food, otherwise the experience wasn't great, especially considering the price.
