4	When traveling to AZ, I usually stay here. Rooms are clean and spacious, quality is consistent. Best part: the nightly complimentary dinner and beer!
4	We took a little vacation over to AZ and this was home base.  We got a killer deal on Expedia and it was a nice stay.We were greeted by a friendly lady named Amber who checked us in and told us about all the amenities that comes with our stay.  Free dinner and cocktails between 5-7 M-F.  We didn't partake unfortunately but that sure is a nice thing to offer.  They also offer free breakfast which we did use every single day if not just for coffee and juice.  The food wasn't the best nor did they have the widest selection, but it was free so you cant complain.The rooms were nice and spacious.  They had a fridge, dishes etc.  This would be an awesome place for an extended stay.  They had a separate bedroom with a large bath.  The shower was kind of narrow and sloped weird but the rest of the bathroom was nice.  The bed was comfy and they provide you with a shitload of pillows which I love.  The only bad part about the room was the furniture.  The couch wasn't comfy at all, and they had this little old school recliner which wasn't too comfy either.  Dont know what kind of cable they have but it only had about 15-20 channels which was weak.The pool area was nice and we swam pretty much every single night.  Only once was someone else out there.  The pool is small, but its perfect because nobody was in it and they always had a stash of clean towels.This hotel is located about 5 miles up Scottsdale Blvd from all the hipster hangouts/bars in downtown Scottsdale.  Free parking too.  And free internet.  Overall it was an awesome stay and I would definitely come back again next time we venture over to AZ.
4	In Scottsdale for a special family weekend event. Stayed here for 3 nights. We were lucky enough to get a 2 Bedroom/2 Bath Suite. The Bedrooms are pretty big. The living room/kitchen area is small but adequate. Clean and quiet. We were on the ground floor and near an exit close to the parking area. This hotel was located in a central area for us (near Scottsdale Rd. and Shea). Easy access from Scottsdale Rd. and Mountain View. It was close to all our weekend activities.   It's less then 10 mins away from teh 101.They serve a complimentary breakfast. It consisted of the usual toast/bagels/cereal/fruit/danish/orange juice/cranberry juice/milk. You could make your own waffle. They had the batter and you put it in the waffle iron. They had scramble eggs each day we were there along with 2 other items. Either Sausage or Bacon or Canadian Bacon. And one day they had Corned Beef Hash and another day potato pancakes. It wasn't fantastic but it was good. They also had 3 types of coffee and also teas. We really didn't interact with the staff. I did have to ask if anything was dropped off for us after we checked in. I knew my cousins would leave a goodie bag for us. They have a basketball court and a small pool.  But we did not use them.   It was a little pricey but didn't do comparison shopping because we knew we wanted a 2 bdrm suite.   To wrap things up...we would definitely stay here again.
5	My stay was on 1/6/12 and I really wish that it could have been longer.Cost for rooms to quality of stay ratio is very, very high. The rooms were newly decorated, very clean, and very roomy. We had the two-room suite. The bedroom with two queens was very roomy and had a flat screen TV.The bathroom was very roomy, too, with double sinks, curved shower curtain rod, and a great 3-setting shower head that was very generous with water, like at home. The soap, hair products and lotion were Neutrogena brand. Towels were large.Separate room was very nice with hide-away bed sofa, two lounge chairs, table, full small sized fridge (not a mini) including an ice maker, a microwave, stove, and full complement of dishes and utensils. Very nice. This room had its own flat screen TV. Complimentary coffee, teas, microwave popcorn.No noise from other rooms, hallway, or outside. Has a basketball court, outdoor BBQ area with grill, and year-round outdoor swimming pool (not heated), business room with computers etc., free WiFi with a fairly fast connection, small exercise room, and a 24 hour snack shop (ice cream, microwave meals, usual snack items and more at hotel prices).The included breakfast was PHENOMENAL! Hot items: waffles (with various choices of toppings like whipped cream and strawberries or black berries), pre-made omelets, bacon, sausage, delicious hash browns, instant original recipe Quaker oatmeal. Cold items: cereal (brand names, not generic), breads, pastries, sliced strawberries, black berries, yogurt, etc. The food was tasty. Different coffees, milk, orange juice, etc. More that I cannot remember. Your choice of styrofoam and plasticware or REAL CERAMIC DISHES, STAINLESSWARE and GLASSES. Very nice. Definitely something for everyone. Very nice buffet area and plenty of seating with tables as well as a sit-around bar.Mondays through Thursdays, they serve a complimentary dinner!Situated in a very safe and clean part of town. On a main drag close to groceries, pharmacy, restaurants, various merchants. 10 minutes or less from the highway. Upper middle class neighborhood behind it.Staff was very friendly and helpful. On all shifts they were excellent.I HIGHLY recommend this hotel.
1	Don't stay here. Stayed 2 nights. No hot water. Room stunk with a sickly sweet smell. Rust on the bathtub and stains on the lampshade. 6 noisy air conditioner compressors outside the window. They did not care.
1	I am a huge Hilton fan and have stayed at several Homewood Suites across the nation and this one is by far the worst one I have stayed at. First I booked my room requesting a smoke free room and was given a smoking room. When i went to the front desk to switch rooms they told me they were sold out and I requested a smoking room.. so I go and get my itinerary showing I reserved a smoke free room. After finally speaking to the manager they get me a smoke free room. So after walking in and looking around I am just disgusted with how old, dirty and dingy everything is. I mean this place still uses comforters... what hotels still use them especially when your paying over $100 a night. Then the bathroom looks about the same quality as a motel 6 and the dirty green carpet from the 80s definitely needs to be changed and the nice 3" of dust on the ceiling fan wasn't to impressive. If your considering this place do your self a favor and go to the Hampton Inn and Suites over at 16620 North Scottsdale Road. Its a lot cleaner and way better service.
2	We routinely try and book Homewood Suites because of the kitchen and the quality of the accommodations.  I would have to say the Scottsdale Homewood Suites was the worst one we have every stayed in.  The closet was tiny even though it looked large with the double mirrored door.  In fact one door had a wall behind it.  A lot of the dishes were dirty and someone had removed most of the shelves and all of the holding rails for the door shelves from the refrigerator.  The wallpaper had splits and the shower in the bathroom wouldn't shift all to the shower.  Basically it seemed like everything was old and if the breakfast wasn't good I would only have given 1 star.
1	Bow WowThis hotel is like staying in a dog kennel. A dog in the room below us barked all night long. We called the front desk and they said they could not do anything thing about it. Yap Yap Yap. Our couch in the suite had dog hair all over it. And to top things off, the hotel allows dogs in the dinning room and dogs would come to our table and beg for food. So if you don't mind staying in a barn with animals stay here, if not, keep driving.
