5	This place is wonderful!  I had one of the best reflexology massages I've ever had.  Everyone was so kind and made me feel so comfortable.  I had a sensitivity to their scented candle and they took them all away!  So responsive to my every need.  I would recommend them for a wonderful, stress relieving experience.  Very affordable as well!
5	saw the reviews and went to the place two days ago, this place is pretty awesome! For the price I got a 60 min massage. It was relaxing and very comfortable. pretty nice environment too! Ask for Diana, she is the best.
5	First Class receives really high marks from me.  Shopping at  adjacent Whole Foods, I discovered FC by accident.  Inquiring about foot reflexology and looking at their attractive prices , I had nothing to lose by scheduling an appointment, 90 minutes, with Diana (her Western name).  What a pleasant surprise.  The experience was wonderful and really relaxing.  I did not get the pounding beat down that I receive from my regular Massage Envy therapist, but that's not what I asked for.  I will be a regular visitor at FC and that's the best recommendation that I can give.
5	I think I might get addicted to this place! I went 3 times for their reflexology foot massage in he last 2 weeks. For just $10 more u get a whole hr of feet and full body massage, can't beat that! Make sure you bring cash to tip the staff!
5	Just dropped in today for a reflexology massage. The guy at the front was very polite and helpful even though I didn't have an appointment. The price is very affordable: $35 for a 60 minute reflexology massage. I've lived in several different states and been to many spas, but First Class Reflexology & Massage is the best I've experienced - I recommend John as a masseuse.
5	I called last minute, the guy was very nice to accomodate me with 2 massages right away! My masseuse was a guy named John, very strong hands, amazing grip... I loved every second of it. The place was quiet, very serene and peaceful. I will be coming back!!!
5	Wonderful experience overall I highly recommend this place if you enjoy a quality relaxing deep tissue massage. The were were very nice and really accommodating!
5	So I did a review on this back in November, a friend recommended this place to me. The first time I went, I had a massage by Diana. She definitely took her time and did an excellent job. I had two more massage with Diana afterwards. Now I am planning to go there every week. Check this place and Diana out, DEFINITELY WORTH THE MONEY!
5	Went out to sushi nearby and ended up here on a whim.  Open until 10 pm on weekdays and $35 for a 30 min body massage. Amazing.  It was such a productive massage, as in I could literally hear the masseuse work out my kinks and align my back better than my last chiropractor.  Elbows galore, definitely reminded me of massages in Southeast Asia. We will be back for the 60 min reflexology next time!
5	Another great massage. The one hour reflexology is the way to go! John and Amy were great.  I love that I can get a couple's massage and have a place open late enough to accommodate mine and the s.o's busy schedule.  We will be back regularly!
5	I have never had a better massage. This place is amazing!!! It is so reasonably priced and I walk out every single time feeling refreshed. I came here twice a week when I was pregnant and am still a customer. Do yourself a favor and go here.
5	One of my concerns with relocating was finding great places that provide the quality I am used to. Luckily, through yelp I found this place and decided there was no better birthday gift then a reflexology hour. I am pleased to report that they lived up to my expectations! I had made an appointment for the weekend, and I didn't have to wait (which means the world to me). The sessions are given in private rooms and no rush, you get the full hour so you don't have to worry about being "shorted" for the time you pay for. It was worth it and I intend to make it a regular thing. The prices are reasonable and the service is excellent.
5	I am in love with this place!  I got an hour long massage a few weeks ago, and it was wonderful.  I swear I wish I could go there every day, it is that good.
5	I keep writing reviews about this place!! I just love it!!!! due to my job function, I walk around and stand for at least 7 hours a day. Getting a massage here is my favorite thing to do! A friend referred me here at first, now I am a regular customer. My first massage was done by Diana, now she is my go to masseuse!!! She takes her time working my problem areas usually my back and my legs very carefully. She is not giving massages, she makes me feel that she truly cares about my well-being. At times when I need a deep tissue massage after a long week, she is all that I can ask for! She is very petite but I am so surprised that she has amazing strength! I cannot say enough good things about her!anyways, if you are looking for a great and professional massage parlor, this is THE place! I even met a customer at the place that drove all the way here from Chandler. Give it a try, you won't regret it!
5	I gave First Class 5 stars after my initial visit in December of last year.  11 massages later says that my experiences have been consistently excellent. I use an app called Translate to communicate with the masseuse on any give day.  I can speak several languages, but Chinese is not one of them.
5	This place is right between Whole Foods and Trader Joe's on N Tatum Blvd. I need regular massages to keep the knots out of my neck and shoulders and also have some problems in the L4 area. I have come here twice as a drop in appointment and could not have been more pleased with my reflexology massages. No waiting, clean and comfy rooms. My first visit in August was for 60 minutes and for the second visit, just yesterday, I upped it to 90 minutes. I will definitely return when I'm in the area.
