1	There is a problem with the expiration date on their milk. With 4 days until the "sell by date" it was sour. This is not the first time this has happened. I don't buy my mild their anymore.
2	The staff is very nice but compared to other Harris Teeters in Charlotte they literally over price everything from $1-4 extra! Sandwich meat - chicken - eggs- even a Gallon of milk! Just bc were in Btyne doesn't mean to over charge!
4	This HT is not my normal store, but after grabbing brunch at the Big View Diner, I decided to stop in and pick up some of my weekly staples (mainly chicken, brown rice, and broccoli).  The store is clean and fairly easy to navigate.  I found the things I normally buy at the same price that I pay at the other area HT stores I frequent.  I would not drive out of my way to shop at this store, but when I am in the area, I would stop in here again.
2	The manager is rude and should be relieved because she said it her self,  she is stressed because of some renovations, my wife went their to pick up a western union money for the first time and wanted to send the same day but the manager is so rude and did not even explain the procedures, she just said "ITS THE POLICY you cannot recieve and send money the same day" to my wife rudely, so my wife asked if she caught her(the manager) in the bad mood and the manager states she is in a stress due to renovations in the store......as the manager she should be able to handle those stress and not to be rude to my wife who is asking nicely the as a customer, but after my wife got the money the manager said my wife should have sent first before getting the money....... What!!!!!. She did not even gave the option!.. We live close the the area and usually do our groceries their but with managers like her they will lose customers.
3	I like this place but hope they could get rid of their new employees who are arrogant and dont deserve to work with harris teeter like Lucas. The most arrogant cashier i've ever experienced. He feels he is like the boss in the store. Asks "where are you from?" after he got my phone number due to a different area code like insulting if you digest but one thing worst coming out of his mouth is nobody looks good from here. I just hope they could train him or put him on a different department where he could handle. He is not supposed to do a cashier or be exposed to other people if he will just insult people there.
