3	Willow Ridge Apartments are a great value for the money. We have a 2 BR/2BA for $639, including pet fee, water, trash, and sewer. They are in the process of renovating apartments to feature updated kitchens and bathrooms. Although ours is not renovated, we have been happy here. One of the best perks is that every apartment has a full size washer/dryer which is super convenient! From our experience, the part of the complex you live in has a lot to do with your experience. We live toward the front of the complex, where we have found it to be quiet and safe. People that live further in have not been as positive about the apartments, which results in some negative reviews. For the most part, there are families and young people that live in these apartments.  There are several pools on the community, a tennis court, and a soccer court. There is also an exercise facility with a variety of exercise equipment, but it is not the most updated. We had difficulty obtaining a key for the tennis courts, and did not receive one throughout our entire lease- very disappointing! The staff at Willow Ridge are friendly and mostly responsive to issues. We had to have our linoleum replaced in the bathroom, which took about a month for someone to come. However, they are better with "quick fix" repairs. They allow you to paint walls as long as you paint them back before moving out. Overall, this apartment complex is a good place to live, especially considering the prices.
1	My friend leased an apartment at this prison facility in the winter of 2010. Immediately upon moving in he noticed a leak in the bedroom that caused the room to flood every time it rained. It was apparent that the leak had been there for quite some time and that they had leased the apartment knowing about the issue. Requests to be moved to another apartment, be let out of the lease or have the issue repaired have been met with disdain or dismissed by the property manager. He continues to say the repairs have been sent out for bid. TEN MONTHS LATER the bedroom is still flooding every time it rains. Furniture and box springs have been damaged or destroyed including a shelf my friend's grandfather made that can never be replaced. The manager is unwilling to even take money off the rent to compensate for missed time from work and damages. Several days per month my friend is unable to use his apartment and/or bedroom due to flooding, loud fans and dehumidifiers running, etc. There is also MOLD in the kitchen resulting, I am sure, from the constant dampness in the apartment. The entire place smells musty and clothes have to be stored in plastic containers to keep them from getting wet and/or smelling like the damp carpet.  I firmly believe my friend's health is suffering possible long term effects. I know his mental state and financial situation have been compromised as well.
1	Lived there for almost 3 years, at the very back if it matters. I worked 2nd shift so coming home there were ALWAYS Police arresting people in the parking lot.  My car was almost stolen once even with an alarm on it??? Police Officer said it was probably crack heads who usually don't pay attention to alarms, he said they were rather fond of this parking lot...Also had a cereall raplist make a guest appearance one night and try to break down the door of the single lady across from me who had just moved from Vermont or something-Imagine her Yelp story.... He was caught a month or so later which is why I'm privy to his cereal tendencies.When I first got the apt. it did seem like a good deal and figured I could put up with some things for the price. I had the black mold and other various issues as well but I was looking for a house so I was just buying time.The reason for 1 star is the absolutely horrible customer relation skills-or lack there of. Of all the employees and especially management. Don't ever expect to get things taken care of in a timely manner and do expect attitude for even trying to get something fixed. If you ever have a problem you are seriously sol. I would check the be be be site on these guise before even attempting renting from here. Especially for a single lady I would seriously avoid. One last thing, their maintenance guys are f;in creepy!!! I hated the fact these guys actually had a key to my apt. And I'd come home randomly and find them there for no apparent reason.
