4	I love fresh bread  made with all natural ingredients - no yucky chemicals or  corn syrup.  Two of my regular favorites are the Whole Grain Goodness ( Whole Wheat Flour, Millet, Barley, Flax Seeds, Sunflower Seeds, Walnuts, Almonds, & Oat Bran) and the Dakota (with whole wheat flour and pumpkin & sunflower seeds).  On occasion, we also enjoy the Foccacia.  The cookies are a real treat as are the seasonal specialty sweet breads.  You'll have to get your fix Tues - Sat as they are closed on Sun & Mon.  Also, don't wait too late in the day to go or they will be sold out of all the good stuff!
5	Thank goodness Great Harvest is in Charlotte. The quality of their bread is first class. Forget the grocery stores, make a special visit to Great Harvest. As a plus, they believe in corporate philanthropy.
4	Love their bread!
5	The breads, muffins and cookies are amazing at Great Harvest Bread Co. This is the only bread we eat in our house anymore!   We make a trip to the bakery at least once if not twice a week.  Great customer service as well.
5	What a great little place. I visit at least once a week. Great customer service. The staff will always ask if I want a sample of something. Hell yes I want a little taste of something! Thanks for asking!The Cinnamon Chip Bread is TO DIE FOR!!!!! AND thanks to the girl behind the counter I now know that they offer the Cinnamon Chip Bread in Whole Wheat. Yippee! But know this, they only make it on Thursdays. The Dakota Bread is also a favorite in our house. One slice is like a meal.Around Easter, they offer large and small Bunny Breads. Honey Wheat bread in the shape of Bunnies. How cute is that? I ordered one this past Easter. It was a conversation piece for Easter Feast and it was very yummy too.
5	One of our soon to be regular indulgences!!  Can't seem to get past the cinnamon chip bread to try many of the others delectables yet but that's the goal!
2	Based on the bread alone, 5 stars for sure.  The white loaf is delicious. I was pretty disappointed with the customer service.  There were plenty of racks of bread everywhere, but very little product was actually for sale.  The clerk mumbled some type of explanation i didn't really catch, but in the end we could pretty much choose between white and honey wheat.  Then she explains to me that they would not be able to slice my loaves because they were using the equipment to slice the other (custom?) orders.  Really?  I know how the slicing machine works.  It takes about 30 seconds per loaf.  You can't be bothered to slice my loaves?  I'll stick with Breadsmith.
3	Great Harvest is an occasional treat for me.  I live alone, and it's rare I can finish an entire loaf of bread on my own, so every once in a while I will pop in for a Snickerdoodle, a loaf of Cinnamon Chip Bread or a scuffin.  Located right next to Trader Joe's, parking is a NIGHTMARE.  I have lived in the apartment complex behind this shopping center for 11 years and it has gotten almost impossible to find a parking spot on the weekend.  In particular if it's a pretty weekend when the greenway will be busy, so I walk whenever possible to avoid an incident.  (I also get my nails done a few doors down at Best Nails - that is a great little place too).  The good parts:  there are always samples available.  I have always found the staff to be friendly and helpful.  The cinnamon chip bread is delicious - when fresh, I could eat the entire loaf as-is.  Once it has a couple of days on it, I toast it with a smidge of butter or maybe a schmear of cream cheese.  Delish!  I have also had the cheddar garlic bread and it was quite good with a big plate of spaghetti and meatballs.  The garlic was a little strong for my taste, but I am weird like that - I am sure the bread is perfect for people with normal taste buds.  The sweets:  They have giant snickerdoodle cookies, which I am a big fan of.  They are good, nothing phenomenal, but they cure my cinnamon-sugar jones.  Cinnamon rolls are good (especially after being in the microwave for about 10 seconds).  I had some sort of peanut butter chocolate chip scuffin once and it was yum, but I haven't seen that one on the menu online for a while.  Had a sample of a turtle bar, so I got one of those - too rich, too much, and the sample was better than the big ole bar.  Be aware - they are closed on Sunday and Monday, and I believe they close at 6:00 during the week.  Since I have a full time job, unless the traffic gods are with me, I cannot get here during the week, which leaves Saturday when everyone and their mother is trying to cram into Trader Joe's.  While the stuff at Great Harvest is good, it is not worth the TJ/Greenway weekend battle to me.  In my head, the breads and sweets are always better than they are when I actually purchase them - but everything is fresh and flavored well, and I have never been disappointed with a purchase.
4	I like the scone with cheese and tea cake
5	Great Harvest's bread and customer service @ Rea Road is over-the-top!  The staff who work there are always friendly and go the extra mile for the customer.  I stopped by to pick up two gluten free bread loaves they had on hold for me; my wife is gluten intolerant, but not allergic.  While talking with the to person behind the desk (later found out to be one of the owners), they encouraged me to try a loaf of their spelt bread. She explained that it is similar to wheat but has a different protein, and often people who think they are intolerant to gluten, can often eat Great Harvest's spelt loafs because they are made with great, wholesome ingredients.  Wow did the spelt bread taste good!  My wife had no reaction to it either.  Our next step is to try some of their wheat loafs.  We are so excited that my wife may have the option of eating real bread again!  Thank you Great Harvest Bread Company @ Rea Road.
3	Good wholesome baked goods with no added preservatives or fake stuff. Their cookies are very good.
4	What am I addicted to here? What am I addicted to here? What am I addicted to here? What am I addicted to here? OK so I like there bread. Maybe I have a problem. It could be the cinnamon swirl. It might be the Spinach Feta. I'm  not sure. My biggest problem is when they're  closed or when they're menu revolves and then I  have to start a new addiction because the bread I'm currently addicted isn't being made and they say here's a free taste. It's ok. Just try it. It won't hurt you. Then the cycle starts all over again.
