1	Find another company.  Unresponsive and sloppy.I needed some trees planted and sprinkler repair (15 gallons and one 24" box), and  found this company through a Craigslist Ad - first mistake.  At first they were fine on the phone, and were responsive.  They sent a crew out right away to dig holes and plant the trees, and was told someone would be out to estimate the sprinklers.  He said  'I always check on my guys and will check on the sprinklers'  - he was a no-show.  The crew was very polite - I'll give them that.    I bought the compost and told them to blend 50/50 per the tree plantation's instructions and I watched them use handfuls.  They used one bag for 7 or so trees.  They offered to stake the trees for free, so I ran to a nursery, got the supplies and they didn't stake them all, and left after I went to work.  I tried to contact them, but they didn't respond.  The worst part is that they didn't really plant all of the trees.  Two had rootballs sticking out the ground, they put dirt berms around some, but not all trees.  The ground surrounding the trees and inside the berms was still very hard - they just covered and circled it - only planting enough for the root and trunk without breaking up the soil for transplant.  Some were staked but not tied to the trees themselves.  If you need fenceposts planted, they're fine.  They don't know their trees.  I appreciated the 'free staking if you'll get the supplies but I won't hold my guys for this' offer, but if they won't follow through, then they shouldn't say anything.  This place is great until they get your check but  if you need them again, they won't bother.  If you spend a lot of money and time on your trees/plants, go somewhere else or do it yourself.  Still haven't heard back on the sprinklers, but enough on this company - I have digging and mulching to do to save these trees.
1	I was not impressed in general.  I was in contact with Michael Drunasky, company owner, and through our dialog and his location (very close to my house), I thought I found a very good option.  Wish I had that moment to reconsider.Michael did show up as promised, bringing two small catalogs and a visual aid for landscaping.  He surveyed the area, agreed with everything I had told him, and gave me a quote of $350, cash or check -- half payable in advance, the other half day of service.  This was, admittedly, for a fairly long list of things to accomplish.It took two visits to complete everything, and I wrote him a check for balance on the second visit.  I thought his crew was going to complete things on second visit, but it seems that visit was just for clean-up.  He/they did not touch the one of two brick borders he said they were going to repair, but had just done some basic edging and cleanup.  On exit, they left the gate to my backyard open -- not just unsecured/unlocked, but the gate was left wide open.  I e-mailed Michael my concerns about the gate and what seemed to be incomplete work, but never received a response.  Actually, I did get an e-mail from him later that day, asking whether I'd decided yet to set up monthly landscaping services with Druwest.  Ast to any of the concerns I'd raised about his crew's second actual visit -- I never received a response, none of any kind.  He asked me about setting up monthly service in late Nov. 2012, and I've not heard anything since then, whether e-mail, phone call, or anything.The one primary thing I asked to do was to repair/replace a sprinkler head in the back yard.  I even supplied the new head, which they of course used.  The head was repaired, the lawn mowed and edged a little, a few shrubs trimmed, and bricks removed from a border I had around one of the backyard trees.  I had problems with switchgrass growing outside the lawn perimeter borders, and crabrass within part of my lawn, all of which were in my original problems communicated to Michael.  The crabgrass was basically mowed with the rest of the lawn (not treated otherwise), and nothing at all was done about the swichgrass outside the borders.For that -- I paid $350, cash (only).  It wasn't worth half of that for what they did, and I strongly suggest you consider moving on to another provider.
1	The absolute worst customer service experience ever.  I prepaid for three services to be completed and did not receive the services.  My requests to be refunded for the services went unanswered for an extended period of time.  When the request was finally acknowledged I was told that 2 of the 3 services had been completed and they did not complete the back lawn due to an aggressive dog.  Pictures were sent as proof the work was not completed and I was still told the work had been done. The aggressive dog they speak of is a mini dachshund that they kindly left the side gate to my place open and I came home to the dog gone and had to search the neighborhood for the dog.  He had obviously been out for the better part of the afternoon on a hot day with no access to water. Of course when I addressed this I was told that they had closed the gate. My sprinkler heads were supposed to be adjusted, lawn fertilized, and tree's trimmed for the initial service fee all of which were never done.  Do not use these guys unless you're ok with prepaying for services you never receive.  You will also get harassed for payment the very day that the invoice is sent to you and you will be told that you are delinquent in payment prior to even getting an invoice.  The business makes money by getting people to prepay and then they never do the work!!!
1	I would rate less if given chance. I purchased a deal on living social.Com for yard-work. First, I contacted them by email and after 2 days no response. I figured they must be busy, well after 4 days had to call them. I ended speaking with Michael the owner. On first impression he seemed like a good guy.But, from the get go you can tell he is in over his head. He doesn't keep you informed and after first contact you end up chasing him to get anything from info on appt. or what is needed, to just speaking with him. Now after scheduling was made he couldn't make first appt. And had to reschedule, so by that point I figured I could help him out and just leave dogs inside with side gate unlocked while I wasn't home. Fine with me. Anyway asked him to try and see if sprinklers could be replaced. Well for the sake of my thumb I will just end this with saying that when I looked at yard once DruWest was gone. Grass was scalped, whoever had hold of weed-eater needs to chill on caffeine, whomever had hold of trimmer for bushes should have used it, and whomever had weed kill spray should have stood up and used it instead of letting it just try to spray itself! Oh ya!! About those sprinklers I asked about. Never were touched! AND TO TOP IT OFF! NEVER EVEN CONTACTED ME TO TELL ME WHAT HE DID OR DIDNT DO.... PATHETIC! NEVER AGAIN!
1	With a child and another one on the way, I was too busy to do basic landscaping of the front and back yard of my home, after a long term landscaper moved out of the area. I contacted Michael through craigslist, hoping to have another long term guy with the upkeep. He seemed nice at first but his services were not as promised. It was extremely difficult to get a hold of him and he seemed very understaffed. I was not at all impressed with how things were being handled. We paid him $100 to fix a leak in the backyard, which was never fixed and we never got our money back after multiple attempts of trying to reach him. In fact, our neighbor did it for free and it only took him 5 minutes. We were so disappointed and would highly recommend you don't try this company.
1	Terrible experience. Bad work ethic.He was performing regular maintenance on a non-regular schedule.  Some times he would show up every week, some times every second week, and even 3 weeks between stops.  And never on the same day.  One week it would be Monday and the next would be Friday even though it is 'weekly' service.I also requested so sod to be planted and he was all about getting it done right away. 2 months later it was still not done, however he did charge me on the day I requested it.Another time I requested a tree to be removed which should be a simple task. The first time they were there, they dug a huge hole to remove the entire tree roots and all. But then he called and let me know that it was really in there and needed to come back.  I think he forgot to tell me that he cut my irrigation hose because after 2 weeks of him not showing back I went back there and there was a 3 foot pool of water.In the mean time I took 20 mins to rip out the tree. And to top it off, he charged me $50 per visit for the last month and the cost of the tree removal and after I terminated the service I was never refunded.  Text and call after call he finally responded and said it is in the mail... That was 3 weeks ago....
