1	I had a really bad experience here where I was grilled about my health insurance when trying to get a simple eye exam. My insurance company does not print new cards each year, and since my card had last year's printed date on it I was almost refused service by the person at the front desk. I had to call my insurance company myself and put them on the phone with the front desk person in order to verify that my insurance was current. It is frankly not the customer's job to verify their insurance, and even the insurance person I called was surprised and mentioned that they have an online system for businesses to verify coverage online. The excuse I was given is that lately they have given eye exams to people who did not have current insurance coverage. As I stated before, this is not my problem as a customer and most other places simply verify coverage themselves before providing services. I would have just left but I made the appointment ahead of time and didn't want to bother rescheduling. I will certainty never come back since I was treated extremely rudely.
2	Dr. Schanel himself is wonderful, a delight and most excellent at what he does. I give him 5 stars. Unfortunately, the fellow working the reception desk the last few years is what earns the low rating. His customer service skills are a detriment to Dr. Schanel and his business, and doing Dr. Schanel's good reputation and excellence a huge disservice.I've been going to Dr. Schanel for over 17 years and no longer find the struggle of dealing with the office guy worth it. His passive aggressive demeanor, lack of follow through, and ego get in the way of providing acceptable customer service. This has not been just my experience, as I've observed desk dude in action with other customers in person and on the phone, and have come across 3 other folks who have had similar experiences- also former long-time patrons of the establishment.Someone as the face of a business should enjoy or be patient with customer interaction and relations, with a good dose of humility and genuine kindness, or desire to help.The office guy with his derisive, sour attitude would be better suited to work at the D.MV.
