5	Wow, if you need lots of produce, this is THE place for you.  I feed 3 desert tortoises and boy do I save $$ at this place.  I did hear through a friend that during the winter you can't even get in the parking lot....better take advantage of this place while the snowbirds are away.
4	Check out the picture of what we came away with for under 20 bucks.  The picture does not include the plums, flat of blackberries and giant black plum we washed and ate while we were out.  I was stunned when I walked in and saw flats of blackberries 3 for $1.  At Fry's last week they were around $3.49 for 1!If you can live without organic produce, load up here for about 1/3 the cost of any of the grocery chains.  Absolutely worth the drive every couple weeks.
4	yes the parking and crowed is a little much but it's worth it. With me my wife and 4 kids spending $20 to $25 and filling up the fridge with fruits and vegetables it's worth it. Plus the employees are all nice and helpfull
5	Even though it gets really busy, it has everything you need and you never spend more than 20 dollars!  They get some really good deal on fruits and they are never the same.  The staff is also really nice and helpful
5	This place is worth the drive!!!It's crazy there no matter the time or day (more crazy on the weekends!) but it's all about the prices!!! The produce is superb: a full selection of fruits and veggies just ready for you to take home. Prices depend on the age of the produce. They've usually got a smokin' deal on something that week that they've got an overstock of. I've walked out of the market with two carts full of produce for less than $30 (that was for all of my Thanksgiving cooking!). I can't wait for the big summer crops when the tomatoes and peaches come rolling in! I've gotten wicked deals on things like 12 ears of corn for $1 or a huge honeydew for $.33. The stuff their just seems to taste better than the big chains. Maybe because I know my wallet isn't getting raped? Also, thanks to the awesome prices, I've been a little more adventurous with trying different produce.Warning: Watch out for the snowbirds though in the winter months. I've almost gotten plowed down in the parking lot (which needs repaving) a few times by little old ladies trying to maneuver their boats, I mean, giant sedans.
5	Hey there everyone In my past review of this great place I wanted to mention the great honey this place has to offer but was not sure just how many types there were. So I went there yesterday and wrote down all the different kinds they offer. They have clover, orange blossom, cats-claw, mesquite, flagstaff wildflower, and Arizona buckwheat wildflower. They are all bottled by the same company located in Flagstaff, AZ. Don't worry if you never heard of some of these types of honey because neither had I until I started shopping here. But along with the huge selection of hot sauces they offer you have to pick up some honey and fresh made peanut butter. Mmmmmm
4	I am in love with this market.  Amazing selection of fresh produce, local honey, dates, salad dressings, salsas, fruit spreads, beans, nuts, grains.  Shop early to avoid the crowds and really have the best selection of what's offered (before everything is all picked over).  The crowds are insane and it's worth it to get up at 7am to be there when they open.  This morning I bought local made salsa, bulk dried sweet basil, 2lbs of navy beans, 7 apples(honeycrisp and jazz), 4 oranges, 2 red grapefruit, 1# brussel sprouts, 1/2#green beans, 3 tomatoes, 1 cucumber, 1 eggplant, 1 green cabbage, 1# strawberries, packaged organic baby spinach, 2 red bell peppers and 3 onions. $18.54! A lot of the produce seems "fresh from a farm" as it's dirty, roughly packaged and smells like veggies should. There's always something new (for me) to try - All kinds of peppers, greens, apples of every variety and in the summer - well it's like a fruit orgy ;)The only thing stopping me from giving this place 5 stars - sometimes you have to be careful in choosing - especially berries/tomatoes and other softer fruits.  I don't expect perfection, but I expect everything to be fresh, but sometimes what they put out is a little beat up and even starting to turn.  Don't let this stop you, just go here and see.
5	Are you ready to hear about the East Valley's best kept secret?  Once you experience Superstition Ranch Market, you'll be a fan for life!  Here's the story:  They've been around since the 60s.  The building looks like it.  They do no advertising.  There's no Muzak playing in the store.  And because of all that, and because they own their own trucks, and because they have many deals grandfathered in with regional growers, their prices can't be beat for fresh produce!  Whenever I make pepper steak, I could go to WalMart or another grocery store and pay $2.99 for a red bell pepper ... or I could go to Superstition Ranch Market and pay 25 cents, as I did yesterday.  Yesterday I paid $5.75 for two large bags of produce, and when I went to WalMart, I figured out if would have cost me $11.84 for the exact same items!Here's how the comparison stacks up from yesterday, WalMart Neighborhood Grocery Store vs. Superstition Ranch Market:Baking potatoes - WM = 85 cents/lb, SRM = 35 cents/lbGreen bell pepper - WM = 94 cents/ea, CRM = 59 cents/eaRed bell pepper - WM = $1.50 each (on big-time sale), SRM = 25 cents eachRed potatoes - WM = 99 cents/lb, SRM = 20 cents/lbYellow onions - WM = 48 cents/lb, SRM = 39 cents/lbNeed I say more?  You won't be sorry.
5	I found this place on Yelp. Being on a mostly-vegetable diet, I was intrigued by the reviews. After my first visit today, my wife and I have determined that this will be our weekly vegetable shopping place. Awesome prices!
5	I have been referred to go here by 3 different people and I finally went today.  Wow! This place is awesome!  Yes, it is crowded but it didn't bother me a bit.  It was actually a fun way to spend a Saturday afternoon with my boyfriend oohing and aahing at all the choices and the ridiculously low prices!!  It seems like everything was under a dollar or maybe just over... I got 3 heavy bags full of stuff for $15 which included quite a few things that are pricey in the regular grocery stores this time of year....  I'm definitely now inspired to cook up something good from my fully stocked fridge!
4	When you can get rasberries, strawberries or blueberries 2 for $1 you know you're getting a great deal. English cucumbers at the grocery store can run $1.99 each. At SSR market, usually 50 cents. Roma tomatoes for homemade salsa... 50 per pound. That was a few weeks ago. But every week, they have great deals on SOMETHING!! With all the retirement communities around, the license plates are all represented here, and can occasionally be cause for frustration, thus the four stars. I usually visit during the week and avoid the overcrowding on weekends.
4	Talk about saving money and getting great healthy produce in one shot!! The parking is always crazy and some of the produce is sometimes overstayed its welcome but more than not its a great place to go and get a ton for just a little!!
5	We love this place! For the prices and convenient location.  Great deals on strawberries, lettuce, artichokes, asparagus, etc.  They also have great dressings, salsa, cheeses, as well as spices and mixes.  It's worth a visit!
5	I love this place. CHEAP produce and the quality is always great.They are always busy, and the workers at the register are quick and you  dont wait in line long at all.I make a point to go once a week. I dont get produce at the grocery store anymore. I just want to tell everyone about this place.
5	Excellent selection of produce - fresh fruits at great prices!
3	Prices are great, but the quality isn't the best. you have to pick threw on a few items to find something fresh
5	I don't normally get excited about shopping, but I recall the first time I visited the farmers market, I was so excited I did a Facebook post about how amazing the deals were.  Now, when I shop at the chain grocery stores and see strawberries for $2-$3, I cringe, knowing that I can often get the same thing for a quarter at the farmers market.My advice for newbie's is to not overload because the food is fresh and I don't think they use preservatives, meaning that it may not last as long as store bought food.  But, the quality is simply amazing. This is the best place to buy fresh fruits and vegetables in my opinion.  They also have a very nice assortment of breads and local honey/preservatives section.
4	Alright. I gave it a 4 because the prices are truly unbeatable. The minus one star is because you have to dig through the produce to find the good stuff. I don't personally see any problem with that, seeing as I'm more into my nutrition and providing fresh fruits and veggies for my family than I am what it looks like. Also, we go through TONS of produce and I do "cook for the week" style cooking, so it generally isn't an issue. If it rots within a week, I don't feel bad throwing it away since it was SO cheap. I highly recommend it if you live like my family: On a budget and consuming high amounts of produce.
3	When I can't make it to the LOCAL farmer's markets...I always shop at Superstition Ranch markets..both of them in Mesa.  There is always a great selection of fresh fruits and vegetables and the prices are the BEST.Their staff is always helpful and seem to be knowledable on their products.Why only 4 stars?  Their cheese!  It is not always fresh and is often moldy.  I won't by my cheese curds there EVER.
4	I wasn't feeling so fantastic yesterday so I filled myself with fruits and veggies all day. Then I realized I had none left for today so I ventured out to this market. I've heard good things about it, but it's kind of a secret gem of the produce world. Not very appealing from the outside, but once you see the prices you're sold. Watermelon for 15 cents a pound. Not just a weekly sale price, it's a seasonal price. I got a huge bag of fruits and veggies for only $7. For a working mom on a budget, this place is going to save me tons of money. The crowd was a mix of the best budgeters I know: senior citizens and Mormons. Once I saw the crowd and the prices, I knew I'd never buy produce anywhere else again. I'm already spreading the word, and I can't wait to go back on Saturday.
4	I have such a love/hate relationship with this place. Let me just break it down:LOVE: -The prices! AMAZING! WONDERFUL! Cannot be beat, ever!- The surprise selection...they sometimes have such wonderful items that you don't expect to find, in addition to the steady, reliable stock of your typical everyday produce necessities.HATE:- The crowds. Passionately. Do not go on a weekend unless you can be there at the crack o' dawn. This place is teeny tiny and almost always very busy (understandably! They offer great values!) and unfortunately, they are often overrun by very, very cranky elderly people who don't smile, don't want to share space and btw...don't even think of bringing your children here! The looks they will get from the cranky old people might cause permanent damage!- The quality is iffy. Some stuff is beautiful, perfect, better than a high quality grocery would carry. Some is just moldy garbage right on the shelf. You really need to take your time and inspect every piece and plan on using it fairly soon. Considering the prices, this is fair....but you should be warned that some digging will help you!I shop here. It always makes me feel dirty and anxious...but I love getting wonderful fresh fruit and veggies at outrageously great prices. It's worth the strain and stress, for sure!
5	wow!!! amazzzzing prices! fresh food!!! perfect!
5	Fantastic place to shop for fruits and veggies. Coming from the Midwest where fruits & veggies are much more expensive it was a pleasant surprise when I first discovered this store. I actually felt like I was robbing them after shopping there because their prices are so low. Great place, highly recommended.
4	Solid deals on some great Veggies and Fruit. Get there early for prime selection. This place can get busy. .79 cents for Kale???!? Crazy prices like that. 8 Bell Peppers for $1
4	The prices and selection cannot be beat! I don't think i can add much more to this thread... just remember when shopping there to not overbuy! I always buy twice as many fruits and veggies than I can possibly consume before they go bad! :D
5	This is the place to get your fruits and veggies!  My friend Robyn N. had been telling me I should go and check it out so I finally did and I'm sure glad I did!  This reminds me of the vegatable stands I used to go to with my parents growing up in Northern California.  And the prices are amazing!  I walked away with two full bags of produce for $13!!  I got cauliflower, broccoli crowns, zucchini, apples, straberries, corn, croutons, popcorn (the unpopped kind), and mushrooms.  Everything is awesome!  The staff were friendly too.  I hear the cinnamon rolls are to die for and they get them fresh everyday.  I resisted this time but next time I don't think my willpower will be so great.  This is an awesome find!
5	Fresh and Cheap...Cheap and Fresh...  This place is the best.  I just picked up 40 ears of corn for $4.  Yes, can you believe it?  I cut the tops and bottoms off the ears and left the husks on and put in bags and into the freezer.  Had the first batch last night right out of the freezer and it tasted just like FRESH from the field:)  LOL!  So it is a little out of the way, but you cannot beat the produce and the prices.  The older folks just flock to this place and sometimes it is hard to find a parking spot and sometimes the lines are soooooo long it drives you nuts, but it is so worth it!
4	Great value for money. Great variety of produce. I make a point of shopping here any time I am in the east end of Mesa. Sure to be fruits and vegetables worth buying in bulk to freeze.
5	I don't know if I can ever buy produce at my regular grocery store again. Blackberries for 89 cents?? Three pounds of apples for a DOLLAR? Seriously?! I love it! I got a juicer for Christmas so this place has seen a lot of me. I never thought I'd be able to fill an entire cart full of fresh produce for $17. It makes my new juicing habit totally affordable. I've never had so many greens in my diet!I thought about taking a star off for some of the items being either a bit old or a bit unripe... but I couldn't do it. It's not that much work to pick through a few items, and I really haven't had to do it that much at all.Fresh fruit, veg and local items like jam, honey and candy. Really, I'm in love with this place. So absolutely worth the drive to East Mesa.
5	Great place to shop, buy what you will use within a few days.
2	Ehh, it was Okay. I didn't purchase anything. Lots to choose from but I am picky on how my fruit and veggies look. These were bottom of the barrel picks. Love how they may be locally grown but ehh, i'll pass on the flies and dirt floor.
5	this is the first place I go when shopping for produce! I couldn't think of a better way to spend my money then on fresh cheap fruit and veggies!
4	Wow, this place is Mesa's best kept secret.  My hubby drove by and was telling me we have to go there and WOW was I glad that we finally stopped in over the holiday break.  This place is booming with business, it looks like it's been there since the early 1950's not very fancy but I don't care at all since once I got in and saw the prices and fresh produce I was like a kid in the candy store (by the way they do have loose candy sold by the pound, not a large assortment but good enough including taffy, hard candies and other goodies for 2.99 per lb).  I went back a few days later to buy more, I only buy what I can cook or prep for freezing right away since the items are super fresh.  I was blown away by the prices, worth the drive from Gilbert for sure.  I usually pay 1.00 for a red pepper and here I bought 4 for 1.00!! AMAZING !I thought it was a mistake that a 5 lb bag of grapefruits was 1.00 YES 1.00!! unreal! They were sweet and delish, my daughter has been eating one half each day with breakfast and LOVES them.  I'm so happy to find this place, as a stay at home Mom and very savvy shopper I love to find good deals and save money for my family and this place helps me do that, I only hope they keep these amazing prices going.  I used to shop Sprouts but now I'm not sure if I can after seeing these prices, not that they are not a great store too but the price difference is MAJOR!I am excited to plan my menu for next week which will include many fresh veggies (where else can you get a bag of fresh brussel sprouts for 50 cent??) ps bring cash last 2 times I went the credit card machine was down!
4	Well, obviously you get what you pay for. The nice thing about this place is if you end up with half of your strawberries moldy you still didn't pay nearly what you would at the regular supermarket. It's wicked crowded in the evenings and that sucks but it's still worth it to get a great bargain! I get enough produce to last the whole week for under $15!
5	Quite possibly one of the greatest places in the world?! Yes, I think so! Huge selection of fruits and veggies with some of the lowest prices you've ever seen! 50 cents for a package of strawberries, 3 lbs of oranges for a dollar, peppers for 25 cents each! Perfect for anyone who is on a budget or wants to experiment with some veggies that they wouldn't usually use. Sure you can't buy these items and expect them to last several weeks - they are fruits and veggies after all, but at these prices you can just stop by on your way home from work every few days if you wanted! Sometimes you'll have to pick a little through the selection and the prices change almost weekly but that adds to the whole fun, farmers market feel of the place!For example my receipt yesterday:3 packs of strawberries - 50c each1 pack of blueberries - 99cFiji Apples - 59c/lb4 lbs of Navel Oranges - 1.693 leeks - 50c4 bunches of leaf lettuce - $13 lbs broccoli - $1Cauliflower - 50cAs a tip this place gets pretty crowded in the evenings so I'd recommend going a little earlier during the day if you can! I promise you, it will pain you to buy produce from anywhere else!
5	This place is so great. What a hidden gem.  Super cheap produce with a huge selection. What would have cost you $40 at a normal grocery store will cost you $15-$20 here. . You have to be picky and choosey as to what you get because everything is always very ripe. They also have delicious local breads and candies. Staff is always super helpful and nice as well.
5	So much cheaper than the grocery! And such inventory! I'll be going back weekly.
5	We love this place! Best produce around and inexpensive. And lots of locals products like honey, salsa and dried fruits. If you live in the east valley your crazy not to shop here.
5	Fresh fruits and Veggies at a super cheap price. Filled up the trunk of my car and only spend $30 how can it be? Strawberries is 3 for $1. I can't make myself  buy strawberry from the grocery store anymore when I used to think 2 for $3 was cheap enough. This place is amazing. But sometime you will have to take a good look and pick through what you're buying. I ended up with 2 moldy blueberries packs.
5	I was able to find fruit & vegetables at a much cheaper price, and actual produce that the regular supermarket never sells.  Love this place.
4	I love this place. :)the only thing I do NOT love is the fact when I buy things I have learned that you really have to look at things closely and examine very intently, why? because when you go home I can bet at least one thing in your basket molded on the inside like my plums. :(Lots of the strawberries when they have a good deal are mostly molded over also. Does not sound appetizing does it?The prices here are worth the risk and you get what you pay for.
4	The main reason that Ranch Market is great is because of the price.  It's cheap, you almost can't find cheaper produce around town.  However, it comes with a price.  The produce quality is hit and miss.  One week you may find great deals on grapes, but the cauliflower that was on deal starting two weeks earlier is still there and in pretty bad shape.  So you can stock up on the grapes, but you have to pass on the cauliflower.  That's sort of how it is.That said, if you don't mind shopping like that, you can get a ton of fruit and veg, like bags full for $20.  The other thing is they don't really do organic options at all.  I've found that some of their produce (rarely, I should say, does this happen) but I'll examine the label and see that it's actually organic.  But it's just by happenstance, they don't have an organic section or options.  When it does happen though, it's a great deal, you can get it for really cheap.  But more often than not, the produce is not organic and is not local.  The oranges in the spring are almost always from Mesa though, so that's nice.So it's sort of like the dollar store for produce.  You can get some great deals, you just need to be willing to pick through things and figure out what is decent quality.  Beyond the produce, they do also have a nice selection of cheeses and dry goods, along with local honeys, salsas, soup mixes, etc.  Those tend to be a little more pricey, but it's nice to be able to buy local products.Overall, I wish I could give it 3.5 stars.  I'll err on the generous side and do 4.  What makes me want to vote it a little lower is the overall produce quality, the fact that most of the produce is not local, and that there are few, if any, organic options.  But I suppose all that comes at a price, and that's what Ranch Market is really good at is keeping the prices low.
4	A surprise small market with good produce. The blueberries here are great and cheap. You might want to check their chocolate section. ..locally made.
3	Superstition Ranch Market is a great place for people who use produce fast. The last time I went I purchased four different heads of lettuce for under $3, and to purchase a box mixture at the grocery store would be close to $5. The amount of lettuce I purchased yielded double or more what a box mixture would at the grocery store. I also bought a loaf of Sourdough bread from here and it was gone within two days (so good). I recommend this place to lots of people. Five bags stuffed with food for under $25? Totally worth it.
5	Don't come here if you are looking for the waxed, perfectly formed produce.However, if you are used to growing your own produce, or are not fussy about perfection, the product here is amazingly cheap, and incredibly bountiful.Where else can you get a gallon of strawberries of $1, 5 gallons of oranges for $2, 4 heads of lettuce for $1, sweet peppers 6 for $1, 40 pounds of bananas for $5... and the list goes on!Some of the produce is at peak ripeness, so either use it within 24 hours, or put it up.We go once a week, and for $20, can fill the back of the van with produce! Its wonderful to have so much fresh produce in our diet.
1	Saw the crowds as I drove by and stopped in.  Fantastic prices on Mexican grown produce, reasonably good selection, but many of the items such as peppers and berries had already started to turn.  The shopping experience brings this down from a 3-4 star review to a one star; be prepared to get pushed, shoved and elbow checked by the professional shopping senior ladies who will run you down roller derby style under full court press. The check out counter is fast as those guys can sense the desparation of the crowd.Not for the faint of heart but definitely some great values and I did survive.  Open til 7PM and I wonder if those elbowed ladies retreat before then
3	I have a love/hate relationship with this market. If you survive the parking lot, and the millions of people trying to get the goods, then you walk away with great deals. Most of the veggies are fresh and amazing prices. There were some things that are a little more like the breads. They have a good selection of local honey at good prices. It is worth checking out if you are local and are willing to eat whatever they have that is good that week. I got a great deal on red peppers (5 for $1) and they were perfect to roast for my marinara sauce. The zucchini and squash were great as well. However, the yellow and orange peppers were no good.
3	Well priced variety of produce and other odds n ends. Be prepared, many aisles are small, and can get crowded. especially when people are in their own world oblivious to people trying to get around them..checkout was fast..its worth checking this place out..
4	This place can be a zoo!!  However, with the produce they have, at the prices they sell it at, it is worth the hassle.  Be prepared to be pushed and shoved.  This is much the same as in Asia.  My wife (from Vietnam) days that the markets in Asia are even more crowded.  I agree as I have seen Vietnam with my own eyes.
4	This quaint produce market is a gem. If you take a few extra seconds to examine what you pick then you will leave happy. Yes it is true, you will see produce that is less than perfect at times but you should come to expect that with the low prices they are offering. I always walk out of there with plenty for two to satisfy the week's veggie/ fruit needs under $10. The best thingsI've discovered here are the cocktail avocados. They are no larger than a lemon and are absolutely divine. I eat them straight up as a snack because they are so creamy and sweet. YUM!
5	Fantastic prices on produce. All fresh and ripe. 3 boxes of strawberries for a dollar?! WOW!!! This place is a true treasure. Support local businesses and shop here!!!
5	not much I can add. small, super busy. 8 cucumbers for 1.00!!!! you need to go to this place if you like saving money.
5	I don't care what anybody says, you get what you pay for and since the produce here is super cheap sometimes that means it's not going to be top notch BUT who cares?!  You can fill a whole cart with whatever you need for about $30 and I mean your cart is totally filled to the top.  We actually stopped juicing for a while b/c produce is so expensive, since we've found this place we can juice all we want.  It's true that most of the produce won't last longer then a week but when you're paying .15 for 4 onions who cares?  Here's a tip for you Saturday shoppers - don't do it, I've actually seen fights break out in line on Saturday mornings.   If you must then bring a shopping buddy and have them stand in line while you do the shopping - by the time you're done they'll be at check out. Also skip the carts and bring some cloth bags. You'll be able to weave in and out of the crowds easily and get your shopping done super fast.
2	Update my last few trips caused me to stop coming here.  I knew the  produce would have to be used within a day or two but I overbought at cheap prices granted but threw it all away as it was rotting.  I do much better at Winco and sprouts nowadays and of course Costco and Frys. it may not be for me anymore but like other reviewers said u can get a lot for cheap just plan to cook it immediately or perhaps freeze some items if possible. Just do not plan to have that stuff very long. It's a great option for those short on money who need to feed a family it beats fast food just be sure to wash it well and cook it ASAP.
5	I love this place!
4	A bargain shoppers delight! While this is far from the luxury of, say, Whole Foods, in life, you get what you pay for. And, this place is less than dirt cheap. While it's quite a ways away from our home in N. Scottsdale, once a month or so we make the pilgrimage down south to fill a cart of fruits and vegetables, for, like, oh... 12 bucks! Yes- An entire cart full of stuff for around 12 bucks. No kidding. Careful of what you pick, as everything seems to be in ripe form.
2	I really want to love this place. Like someone else said, I have a love/hate relationship with this market. You will not find better prices, but you get what you pay for. The Mesa location is ALWAYS a zoo. I just got back from the AJ location (a little off the beaten path but way less crowded) and I got 3 packets of strawberries for $1. My son eats strawberries everyday, I couldn't pass it up! We get the strawberries home and maybe got a bowl full out of the 3 packets. They were all moldy or about to turn. I'm so disappointed as I love to shop local. I also live in Phoenix, so what it costs in gas to get out there, isn't worth the product I get. We did luck out with some lemons, peaches, watermelon, and carrots. But, its just not worth 2 hours out of my day to make the drive. I'll pay more and shop at Sprouts instead.
4	Not for the faint of heart!  Either go when they first open, or during the week, otherwise Saturday/Sunday it's a zoo.  It's a small place and everyone needs a cart for the deals they have so it becomes congested quickly.  I bring my husband as a cart watcher and I'm the sprinter to get the goodies.  The produce lasts about a week.  Sometimes you do have to pick through the bruised/turning ones to find good ones, but at $1 for 6 orange bell peppers, the time is worth it!  My advice:  Don't shove, but find your spot and then don't move to find exactly what produce you want to get the best ones.  If you overbuy (which I've done in the past) freeze them for smoothies.  You CANNOT go wrong with this market. We go almost weekly and the only reocurring problems I have are that the peaches/nectarines are nearly always brown inside, the broccoli is slightly wilted and my raspberries seem to spoil within a day.  BUT, how long should produce truly last in your fridge?  3 weeks?  One week--10 days, tops!  Go here, go early, and you won't be disappointed.  I fill my cart for 10 days for a family of four for $25.  What would that get me, even at Fry's or Walmart?  Next to nothing!
5	This place is super awesome!This place is also super chaotic because the prices are great and the selection is good so it draws a LOT of customers.  You bump carts almost every 5 to 10 feet, aisles are always full, sometimes you have to wait to pass -unless you used to cocktail waitress and you know how to get through the crowd.  Haha.Not really conveniently located but well worth the drive.If you want to can some produce, have company coming, a big dinner, or something else that requires a bulk purchase, this IS the place to hit.Love it and wish I had come here a long time ago.Oh yeah, good size parking lot to accomodate all of those customers.
5	This place is awesome!  FRESH produce at CHEAP prices.  The produce may not look the best, but it sure tastes like the best!
5	I love this place!You must either cook or freeze the fruits and veggies within a day or two but it's always worth it. A cart full of groceries for under $20. Worth the drive.
4	This place is great for cheap grocery stocking. I've gone on several occasions when the pickings were slim but in general you get A LOT for your money here.  Definitely recommended!
1	I can beat most of the prices at Sprouts, the service sucks, and the fruits and vegetable were beat up and seriously dirty. Bugs on the produce. The cashier and the bag boy were asses. Didn't even say hello.
5	It's the best prices and selection of produce.   Only knock is always busy
3	I love this place's prices - and usually their wide variety - cannot be beat. But 2x now I've discovered ants in my home shortly after shopping there thanks to produce left on the counter.  And I HATE ants.  So I'm just going to be lazy and shop at Safeway :(
5	Great place to get all my fruits and veggies for juicing. It can get a bit crowded at times but that is because it such a great store.
4	This place is crazy busy no matter what time of year it is, so good luck finding a "not busy" day. BUT- it is worth shopping here. I have found the staff here to be friendly and appreciative, which just makes you want to spend more money. That is a good thing, right? When times have been tough for many people, this was the one business many families could rely on, so organic or not- it was food for our families. I think this place needs to expand, maybe one day they can trade places with Fry's and let the REAL shopping begin. NOTE: The cashiers work extremely hard, I am sure the stockers do too, so-please be nice to them- they deserve it.
4	I've been on a super healthy eating kick lately and this place has been a godsend. You can literally fill your entire shopping cart with fresh produce and spend less than $20. Prices vary greatly depending on what they have in stock, but I've seen eggplant selling at 3 for $1, massive blackberry clamshells for $.50, and avocados at 20 for $1.However, it's not the nicest shopping environment. We affectionately call it "Ghetto Market." It's small and crowded. During winter the snowbirds are out in force. Much of the fruit and veg is close to (or past) its peak. You need to look closely at what you're buying. I've brought home moldy strawberries more than once. And don't even think about trying to find anything organic.Regardless, the prices are so good it's worth it if you live anywhere near East Mesa.
5	Bar none this is the cheapest place to get fresh vegetables. As other commenters have suggested you may want to freeze your fruit if you're not going to eat it immediately.
4	great place for produce
5	Try the pastor at the meat counter... it's what made me fall in love w/ this place.
1	Everything is super cheap but it's all almost rotten. Containers of berries have a few moldy ones in it. The apples look like they were all dropped and bruised. The entire place smells like mold as soon as you walk in.. Especially the back room. I wouldn't be surprised if the employees get lung problems. I'm not sure anything in the store is safe to eat just because it's been around so much mold. I'm not even sure it is safe to step foot inside! I have now been twice and both times walked out with nothing. Not sure if it's supposed to be this way but I would avoid it at all costs.
4	Holy crap this place is packed! No wonder, with these prices. Pints of strawberries for 33 cents, huge onions, tons of stuff. Full cart, $13. Even with the mad crowd, checkout is quick and painless.
2	I can't get past how crowded and busy and this place is. I've stopped in a few times and either left empty handed or fought like a Black Friday sale at dawn for produce that wasn't great quality. I'll skip the hectic crowds and buy produce at sprouts which is priced well for quality product
4	Best place for produce ever. I eat fruits and veggies like crazy and shopping here is great on my wallet! I usually leave with a full cart for $20-$30. The choices do change and rotate with the season, so you have to be flexible with what you may be looking for. I stock up on berries and bananas and clean and freeze them when I get home. The place is cozy, so best to go on a weekday afternoon as a Saturday morning can become stressful if you don't handle crowds well.
5	Awesome place.  Today I went there for the first time.  It's a small little place and it was packed with people.I got 8 very large red peppers for $1 and 3 pounds of strawberries for $1 and a whole box of delicious Manila Mangoes for $2.50.  Those were some of the great deals I got today.  My little shopping cart was completely full.  We spent $32, but some of the things we bought were a little more expensive, but that was fine because we got a lot of fruits and veggies for not very much money.This is definitely worth going over there a couple times a month, though, it's way out of the way of where I normally go.  So, if you need a lot of fresh fruits and veggies, definitely the place to go.
5	Fruits and veggies are very fresh.  And seem less expensive then purchasing at the grocery store...  Definitely a fan!!
5	Oh wow, what to say about ranch market.. Now that I've moved from Mesa I miss it so much! Literally I have lived in two major farming states in my life. Northern California originally and now Nebraska and I have never been able to get produce as cheap and fresh as when I lived in the middle of the desert! Go figure. This place is not at all a best kept secret, so if you don't want to fight the crowds, coming in early is ideal. Whatever you do, avoid the after church rush! The market is inside but it's not an air conditioned building, just fans. It can get pretty warm in the summer time. The produce is all laid out in big crates and there is some refrigerated items in refrigerators on the far right side. Some if the most unbelievable buys are the bell peppers, oranges, and berries. Bell peppers commonly 4 for a dollar or better, berries two containers for 3.. Just a few examples. Everything is a fantastic price and quality is more often good than not. Every now and then I've had something spoil the next day or found the stone fruits to not be flavorful, but rarely. The guys restocking are usually really helpful and everyone there is very friendly. If you live in the area and haven't checked out ranch market... You're missing out! Get to it!
4	This place is nice. There are some awesome deals to be had and you can get local stuff, which is nice. Some of the reviews here make it seem like when it gets crowded then you're screwed. We went on a Sunday around noon and it was crowded but manageable. Someone also said there isn't any air conditioning. That's not true. There's an evap unit you can clearly see on the roof and inside its cool.Some things like tortillas are about the same you can get at a chain grocery store.Checking out was ok if you're a guy like myself. They didn't say a word to me except for the total amount. I imagine if you're more into talking at the register then it wouldn't be too inviting. The rows (aisles here) are not so wide.When I was there the deals that I can remember were:-6 little mangoes for $1-2 larger mangoes for $1-Bag of potatoes for about $3-6 things of cilantro for $1-8 things of parsley for $1-Watermelon 15 cents per pound
5	Love love LOVE this place! It's always packed but well worth the stress. The prices are amazing and if you don't mind sifting a bit then you'll find a lot of great produce. I have never paid more than $20 for a cart full of stuff.
4	This place is great!  My husband and I eat a lot of fresh fruits and veggies which can be very pricey. I found this amazing market, very clean great produce and affordable Cheek it out!
5	OMG - so the other reviewers were right - I got a whole basket of fruit for less than $6.  I couldn't believe it.  Strawberries - 2 for $1Kiwi - 4 for $1Apples - 2 lbs for $1Grapes - 2lbs for $1Bananas - 2lbs for $1Definitely on my once or twice a week store to hit for fruit/vegetables.Need to spend $5 or more to use electronic pay (i.e. CC/Debit).
4	This is a great place to buy produce. It's fairly inexpensive, but sometimes produce isn't very fresh. The berries are sometimes growing mold etc.  But, if you take the time to look around and be choosy, you can get some really great deals here, and buy in bulk for canning.
5	Broccoli 3 lbs for a dollar!50 cents for a pint of blueberries!I was able to fill my freezer with fruit and veggies for less than fifty bucks! Almost everything in the store was priced much much lower than any other place in the East Valley. The only exception was the garlic. It was priced about the same as any other grocery store. I'm not complaining, it  wasn't more expensive, it just wasn't an amazing bargain like everything else in the store. It seems to be a lot less crowded if you go on weekdays, but I guess that's true for just about any retail place. Make sure to clean out your fridge before you head to the market. You're going to need every available inch of space to hold all your goodies.
3	The prices here are great. The place is not clean and the staff stocking are not friendly nor did they move out of your way so you can get to somethingBecause the prices are so low you have to be very choosy about what you purchase because it will not last long. The checkout staff rarely speaks with the customer because they are so busy chatting with each other.  You're lucky if you can even get your total out of them
5	Where can you go and spend very little money and get a shopping cart of fruits & vegatable?. Everything is fresh except the employees who are always friendly and helpful. The checkouts are fast and the parking lot large. With their high customer traffic I don't thinkanything can not be fresh. Wide and deep selection.They also have nuts, seeds, cheese and bread. This place is special. If X chain market has chicken lips on sale all the other chains will have the same thing on sale. Superstition will have far more and worth the drive if not close to you. I am probably 15-20 miles from them.
4	It's. A Small place so be ready! I enjoy the bang for your buck! There's always fresh produce here.
5	I enjoy going to this market on main street when I am ready to can ....the prices are great esp for onions..broccoli and bell peppers.....A few times they have had bananas for $3.00 for a huge box like 30 lbs....you can freeze them or cover in chocalate...or make banana bread if they begin to go dark.....and ripe.The employees will talk if you say hello first .....
1	Got some grapes here the other day and when I got home, I opened one container to discover that they were full of mold.  One of the packages was decent quality, but the other was inedible.   I think I'll make sure to open the package to check the freshness the next time I buy grapes from them.
2	I usually like going to this market because they have great deals on the produce. Some of the staff though...*clears throat*... So Friday, I decided to stop in and pick up a few things. I started checking out and the cashier, Virginia was nice, but the sacker, not so much. Quite an a-hole actually.  Ole short Bud Bundy from Married With Children looking guy. I think he may be newer than most of the other people there. So I got different types of apples that were located in the bins specifically saying .89/lb. The 1st set of apples, the cashier rings them up  @ 1.29/lb and I tell her that the bin where I got them said .89/lb. Virginia says, well they're 1.29/lb and then asks me do I still want them. I needed apples so I said fine.  They same thing happened with the 2nd set of different apples.  Why would I pay $1.29/lb for apples when I could get ORGANIC from a store such as Sprouts or Fry's? Like...whet? So the bagger says "Well I can see the sign from here and they say 1.29" I say "I didn't get those there, I got them in the bins by the oranges and strawberries." He then goes off to the section that I just told him that I DIDN'T get the apples, and then proceeds to come back and tell me the 1.29/lb price. Sir, seriously?  I again told him that was not the section where I got the apples and he tells me, "Well  I'm not about to go running around the store." I'm sorry, whet? Are you not at work? Are you not getting paid? I said to him "You act like this store is huge, you only went about 15 steps and didn't even go to where I said I got them."  Hell if he didn't want to be a sacker/runner, he should've applied to be a cashier so that he could just stand there and just have to move his arms!I can't stand when people go into work and act like it kills them to, ya know, WORK. If you don't want to be at work CALL IN. Nobody needs the attitude! Like I said, I like Ranch Market because of their great deals on produce, but some of the male workers they have there...*side eye*. Also make sure the the right items are under the right prices
5	This place is amazing! For $16 today I got1 watermelon, pineapple, butternut squash, spaghetti squash, 3 onions, 5 apples, green beans, 7 cucumbers, 10 bell peppers, 3 eggplants, 6 bananas, and 5 Roma tomatoes.
4	I Love there prices and there fruit is fresh and sweet, and i travel from Fountain hills every sunday.......its worth the drive.....The Employees who work there are friendly, smiley, and professional..
