2	This is like a Panera, has mostly the same menu as Panera, yet I did not like it as well as I like Panera.I had a half shrimp soba noodle salad. Usually the half salads are pretty big, but not the case here. It came in a small cup. The soba noodles were dry and gummy. It came with 4 pieces of shrimp and cost $7.99. Ordering was difficult. If you're getting a sandwich, you have to give your order to a sandwich order taker, who writes it on paper. If you get a salad or soup, you have to go further down the line. This was confusing especially because the woman who took our sandwich order was not clear about what we needed to do, as though this is standard operating procedure at all restaurants. So, I had my son two stations down ordering soup, my daughter and I at another station ordering salad and then trying to get a kids' order and a sandwich order from the sandwich person.
1	How do you run out of all your brewed teas at dinner time (5pm) on a Saturday? Food was as expected, service was so-so. Looks like the other reviews were right on. This location could be better kept to keep up with the rest of the brand. I won't be going to this location again.
5	I've never been unhappy with my service or food! Love the fuji apple chicken salad and the cookies, pastries, and coffee, yum-oh!
4	First timer!! Went here with my sis & friend. Sandwiches were good soup was great and the cookie was moist n melted in my mouth. I would definitely do another girls lunch here.
1	Terrible ordering system.  It is beyond idiotic.Similar to Chipotle where you go down the line, except much, much worse.I simply wanted a sandwich and some soup, but that proved to be too difficult for the superb employees at this Paradise location.I'm not even too upset about the fact that they didn't have the soup I originally wanted.  That's understandable, since I arrived at 8:00 PM after working out at the gym.However, I did have a reasonable expectation that someone would actually make a sandwich for me.  Unfortunately, this did not happen.I stood there at the cash register with a cup of soup and waited and waited.  Seeing as how it appeared as though nobody would be fulfilling my order that night, I decided to cancel it and go somewhere else.I wish my problem with Paradise ended there, but it didn't.After a few days passed, I looked at my checking account and they had only reimbursed me for my sandwich, rather than the entire soup + sandwich order that I was charged for.So, now I need to contact Paradise customer service and try to get $4.40 back.  What a pain in the ass.Do yourself a favor and avoid this location.
3	Update.Even though I had to return to this location to receive a full refund, the manager on duty acquiesced and offered me a free dinner.I did not accept any free food, but I did receive an email from Panera informing me that they would be more than happy to mail me a gift certificate as a "gesture of goodwill."  Even though their initial service is less than stellar, it appears as though Paradise/Panera is committed to improving their customer service.  Their attempts to rectify my issue are admirable.
5	I always receive great service and great food, and the twins that work there are adorable.  :) :)
4	I love love love, Paradise Bakery. I have had problems before with my phone orders but nothing that couldn't be fixed with a FREE box of cookies.  Customer service is always great and the food is also very yummy. Being that I'm pregnant I am obsessed with the Turkey bravo BLT (antibiotic free Turkey, bacon, lettuce, tomatoe, on sourdough bread) and a side if their white cheddar Mac and cheese. So yummy! Be aware that during lunch time it does get very busy and you might be waiting a little while in line.  Take an extra person so they can grab a table before you order.  Also,  since you might be waiting in line get on their free Wi-Fi and check out their menu.
