3	I did the yelp special at this location on Tuesday during CES.  The place got busy and a bit noisy about the time my massage started.  my therapist kept having to leave the room to check the front desk.  i dont feel as though i got the full treatment.  he spent no time on my low back, which is what i needed. His hand smelled of cigarettes which i didnt like on my face. Then, while i waited for a taxi he came over and asked for his tip.  i didnt care for that.  i did go to the other location down the street and had a much better experience.
5	I'm a fan.  I will never get a massage anywhere else.  I mean, come on! $20 for an hour?  It was great.  The staff is knowledgeable and kept me informed on acupuncture points on my body as they focused on them. This is a full body massage with a foot soak for this price.  It's a little different from a traditional full body massage.  You leave your clothes on and they massage through your clothes with the exception of your feet and lower legs. I would definitely recommend this place if you are looking to escape for an hour at a really great price.
5	I have had the great pleasure, no pun intended, to have been able to spend quality time in Vegas and at Zen Foot massage recently and I must admit, it was such a quality experience I had to jump back on Yelp and share with the community in and around Las Vegas. Chris, the owner, is awesome and I had the opportunity to speak with him about this NEW location, and his other location before I went in for my amaaaaaaazing massage and relaxation session. I have had massages all over China, NO NOT THOSE ONES YOU SICK PEOPLE, and around Los Angeles and San Francisco, and must say Chris and his team do great work here in Vegas. Please check it out, they wont let u down.
2	Prior to experience real full body massages I was all about the foot massage parlors."$20/hr, WUTTA STEAL!" I probably would of said, but now its more like "Ugh... I could of saved that $20 and used it towards a real massage". What I like about Zen is that the rooms are actually separated, and a maximum of 4 chairs in each room from what it looks like.The parking is rather easy, as there is not much else going on in the plaza. They also use a hot towel to wipe your feet after they massage your feet, really good to get rid of the greasy feeling from their lotion.Unfortunately during my experience it seemed that my masseuse did not clearly understand me or maybe she forgot. Before the start I had told her about some injuries on my body (cuts) and if she could avoid them that would be great. She nodded to agree, but in the massage she seem to disregard my request. I found strange that she put on gloves when she started massaging my feet, I don't think my feet are that stinky LOL, can't ding them for that though, as it could totally be a personal preference, just strange to me. All in all I felt that I paid her $20 + tip to squeeze my muscles gently and rub me down with lotion. You get what you pay for, lesson learned!
5	I heard about this place from multiple people. Firstly, I want to say that you definitely get more than what you pay for. I felt as if I was walking on clouds afterward. I have neck and back pains from work. It was great how they worked on places you needed the most. They were friendly and pleasantly clean. I would go again and tell my friends about how it was an awesome experience.
5	Peter takes great care to ensure each customer receives a great experience. There are rooms for 2-5 people.  My husband and I take his mother with us. She is 87. She leaves with a glow and energy that we don't see very often. There is a spring in her step and no complaints about aches and pains. I have several nagging injuries that seem to disappear for weeks at a time after massage. I have had the pleasure of several different Practitioners and some are not as strong or knowledgable as the best I have experienced here, but I always feel I have gotten a very good value and that I feel the benefits for weeks.I have a stressful and physical job.  I love that I can afford to treat myself to an acupressure massage once a month.  This is another true find in Las Vegas!!!
5	Try this place from  Yelp review  .This place is so gooood    If you like strong and hard massage  this is the place that you will not disappoint
5	Chris whom is a owner of Zen Foot Massage contacted me after my non optimal visit.  If the owner cares enough about his business to contact a patron then I should definitely give them another try right? Well I'm glad I did because this time it was day and night difference. I had a massage that I guess is $30/hr instead of the $20 and the difference was more attention on the upper body rather than half on the lower. I even receive the same masseuse (I think her name is Demi) from my previous visit and she was on top of her game! The pressure was good! She did a lot of good work for my shoulders and back that have been sore (the reason why I got a massage in the first place) and was explaining to me acupuncture lines, although I don't believe in that kind of stuff, it was interesting! Overall it was a much more satisfying massage. Was it a 5 star massage? Ehhh! 4 star worthy definitely, but because the owner cared enough to contact me, gotta bump it up to 5 for the customer service!
1	Worst foot massage ever.  Never going back.  Why?1.  One of the other employees comes in during the beginning of our massage and gives my sister's masseuse money... he takes it, puts it in his pocket, and goes right back to massaging my sister's face (without washing his hands).2.  The female masseuse that massaged me had no technique... during the head massage, all she pretty much did was tap my temples and scratch my scalp with her fingernails for about 10 minutes.3.  She took too long to go and throw away the water from the bucket... I mean, do you really need 3 minutes to go dump water from a bucket?4.  When she came back, she was wearing vinyl gloves to give me the foot massage.  Trust me, it's not like I had mud on my feet.  I've been to a lot of foot massage places, but I have NEVER had a masseuse put on gloves.  And the feeling of vinyl gloves wet with lotion massaging your feet is not pleasant... and they kept making the squeaky noises when gloves fill with air.5.  Overall, the female masseuse seemed inexperienced and I left without feeling refreshed at all.  On the other hand, my sister said her masseuse was pretty good other than the fact that he continued to massage her face after touching money.6.  After giving them a 25% tip when I really should have given them no tip, the masseuses just snorted and we left the place without hearing any thank you or a goodbye.No, I didn't feel any "zen" at this place.  :(
5	Excellent service and friendly staff plus for the price they offer, its well worth it.
5	Jeff did a great job. The atmosphere was clean and inviting. I would go back in a heartbeat.
3	Pros: -rooms are divided, we got one that had 4 chairs. -fairly clean-at $20 for an hour, it's a dealCons:-the chairs are as hard as butchers blocks-staff talked and giggled constantly-I base how good a foot massage is on their ability to put me to sleep... And I'm doing this review while getting the massage. Wide Awake.
5	$20 for 1 hr massage, def worth it. Felt relaxed afterwards. Will recommend my friends to check this place out.
5	After spending 3 days and  walking 30 plus miles at SEMA, my dogs needed some R&R. Did a quick Yelp search and found Zen... $20.00 an hour was unbelievable so I had to check it out.Turns out they offer a one hour $30.00 full body massage. Yes, including your feet. Well...I went for the full body massage, shoulders, neck,  face, arms,legs, fingers, toe, back & feet, it was the best $30 bucks I ever spent! This is my go to spot every time I'm in Las Vegas.
1	The Foot Spa gave us bad service so the owner Chen wrote to us inviting us to THIS PLACE. No Engrish spoken here. Upscale from "foot massage" for $20 to body for $30. Same thing as "foot massage".We wanted private rooms and two girls Sure sureWait waitOk ok okBut after 10 minutes waiting,,,, no no no the lady waved us away....Curtains separate the "rooms".I like to pay extra and get privacy without hearing all the people grunting moaning and chattering...Very disappointed
1	Went there on 1/3/2014 after purchasing vouchers for myself and 2 friends.  The massage was not the best.  The pressure was inadequate.  After the massages for the 3 of us, they would not let us leave till we left the tips that they wanted $10-15 minimum.  We had to comply in order to leave.  It was very uncomfortable.
5	There are several massage places in the chinatown area of LV but we decided to come here based off other yelpers. So glad we did! I had full body massage $30 for 1hr.  Felt like a $150 massage! No long wait, the lady I had was very strong and had good technique. Forgot her name sorry!
5	There were 4 of us, and we wanted to all be massaged together.  They called in extra people who arrived fairly quickly (minutes) and got started.  $20 for an hour long "foot" massage that included reflexology, head, back, arms, and legs.  Amazingly refreshing, relaxing, and renewing!  We will be back on our next visit to LV!
4	Love this place!! I never got the name of my masseuse but he got rid of all the knots in my entire body! I also love the fact that the masseuses didn't ramble among themselves like other foot massage places. After finding out I also spoke Chinese my masseuse still kept things professional rather than the usual kiss up talk. 4/5 stars because I could still smell the cigarette smoke on his fingers when he massaged my head... I didn't want to hold anything against him since he did such a great job but the smell was bothersome even with the oil. I'd still go back in a heartbeat tho!
4	I had my first one hour deep tissue massage in vegas at this place. I thought it was a pretty good deal. $30 for a full body deep tissue. My Massage therapist name was Ann and she did a great job. Her techniques were different than what I'm used to. She got on top of my back and was using her hands arms and knees which felt great. The foot massage was awesome as well. Although I walked out of here feeling less stressed, I felt she could've worked more on my back by targeting my knots more. Hopefully next time she can target them more.
4	Excellent value, quality and service. I highly recommend this spa! The only awkward element of the spa is the rooms are only separated by curtains and you can easily hear into the other rooms. Aside from that, it's a excellent value, with friendly staff who do a great job!
3	$20, massage you get what you paid for. The massage started at two stars, then I will give it two and a half stars, but after evaluating the price and the service I will give it three and a half stars.The place is clean, there is easy parking. My masseuse full committed English but his foot massage was below par. His body massage was a bit uncomfortable as he put more of his body weight and pressure points.Just a heads up, there is a security camera in the room. If you look in the right-hand corner behind the massage bed, there is a red LED light. I would not advise undressing in that room, should you need to.Overall I will recommend this place to anybody who wants to try a first time foot massage, unfortunately I will have to look for a better four star. Good luck and tip wisely.
1	The absolute worst massage ever!!!! After our massage,  the people demanded more tips!!! Ive never been to any massage place that does that!  Don't go here, its a rip off!!!! It's terrible Ive never been to any massage place that does that!  Don't go here, its a rip off!!!! It's terribleIve never been to any massage place that does that!  Don't go here, its a rip off!!!! It's terrible
4	was eating across the street, couldnt hail a cab so decided to go in for a massage. there were 2 of us and we were able to get our massages in the same room. the chairs were so comfortable and the massage therapists were great. super nice and even charged my phone. helped us take some pictures, gave us water and tea. it was great after a long wkend of partying. i would of gave 5 stars but after paying and giving the therapist $5 for a $20 massage she asked for $10 instead. thats a dam 50% tip but because they were good and super nice we ended up giving it to them anyway.thought it was actually funny.even though a higher tip was demanded we will def go back. we couldnt get a cab and the guy therapist( which was mine) offered to drive us back to ballys for $15. so it was all good!!!
5	The only massage place that I will highly recomend to everyone. They dont waste time every minute of massage counts!
4	We used a groupon for my wife and I and enjoyed the massage/detox. They didn't short us any time and the only comment I would make is to communicate if the masseuse is too strong. They will happily cater to your needs and we left feeling relaxed and refreshed. They massaged our heads, necks, shoulders, arms, feet, and legs. Overall we were very happy.
4	I just had a foot rubbie from Paul and I have to tell you that it was great. I loved every minute of it. We didnt talk at all and I felt relaxed. The only tiny thing that he must be a smoker and I was able to smell it while he was giving me a head massage but overall it was wonderful! Thank you!
5	My friend and I came here because my old foot massage place was closed and boy it was a great thing it was. Zen is AMAZING! Her and I did the $20 1 hour foot massage and it was so much more than what we anticipated! It started off with us soaking out feet in the warm water while they massaged our heads for about 10mins. Then, they massaged neck and shoulders for another 5-10mins and arms too. That followed with a 30min foot massage. We were then pleasantly surprised with them asking us to turn over and giving us a full body massage that was to die for! I could not believe all of that for $20! My friend and I walked out paying $20 and tipped them $10 each for such an amazing job and wonderful experience. We will be coming back every 2 weeks!
5	Awesome service.   Very accommodating.   You feel wonderful after.  Always get the full body deep tissue.
3	Yelp lead me to this last night as I was in need of a foot massage in the worst way and it was 10pm. I have to say the massage itself was fairly good, but unfortunately the chairs/bed that you sit on was extremely hard and uncomfortable. While my feet were refreshed, my lower back was almost in worse shape when I left. I would go back here if they got new chairs since the massage was good and perfect pressure, but unfortunately when laying down for a full hour, my back can't take it. The place was clean and nice.
5	Between the $20/hr foot massage or $30/hr deep tissue, go for the $30/hr one. It will be the best $30 you spend & best hour of your day, guaranteed. And tip the ladies at LEAST $10. They do an incredible job & for the price, they definitely deserve it. We usually tip $20 because here in Hawaii, an hour massage of this quality would cost at least $50/hr & that doesn't even include tip. Also, if you use a credit/debit card they'll charge you a $0.50 transaction fee but compared to all the money you'll blow at the casinos gambling, drinking & eating, it's nothing.My bf & I have come here every time we visit Vegas as we found the employees are friendly, the place is clean & the head to toe massage is the best out of all the places we tried in Chinatown. We always have a room with 2 comfortable massage table/bed with a curtain separating us from the other beds. Never had a problem with hearing other customers or feeling like we didn't have enough privacy. The masseuse always checks how you like the pressure & is very attentive to your problem areas. They even use hot stones on your back. It's pretty great.If you plan on coming back (which you should) they offer a stamp card that gives you your 11th massage free after you buy 10. Definitely a great deal.
1	Easily worst massage of my life, do NOT believe those five stars reviews, they are totally BS! I paid for the 30$ tissue massage, and YES, you might think that's cheap, because I DID, I was checking all around Yelp and finally decided to go there for its reviews and price.    However, I didn't get what I expected for. The massage was just poor, I did NOT feel any strength was used during the massage. And they never ask for how you feel or your special request. Simply, they just DO NOT care much about how you feel. All they care about is money, well, that's pretty understandable since it is a business. BUT, HOWEVER, at least provide a decent massage along with customer service and I would not mind to pay for a few extra bucks. The listing price SHOULD be 40 plus TIPS instead of 30, because if you do NOT pay for 10+ tip you are not going to leave the door happily, I am GUARANTEEING you that. For a 40+ of money I am sure you will find a MUCH better massage in Las Vegas. Don't do what I did, coz I paid for my lesson.
4	Walk-in with a group of four, they accommodated us immediately.The materials they use are clean, the lotions/oils smell good but not overpowering.Has a mom-and-pop feel, very nice.Would definitely return the next time we visit Las Vegas!
5	Had the most best $20 massage for an hour the man I had I didn't get his name but he worked me out so good I don't have no pain it was just the best massage ever
4	Tried this place out on the advice of a Vegas local... One hour massage for only $20 plus tip? Yes please!!!!We were warned that other "massage paroles" in the area were more of a happy ending spot but this is an actual massage place. We were advised by the employees that the deep massage, just $10 more, was a better deal we all decided to go with that. Went in with a party of 5 and we were all taken in right away (they had to spilt us up in two separate rooms). This place is by no means your fancy, spa-type relaxation massage place. I was in a room to accommodate 4 massages- 4 people getting a massage and 4 employees. It was a bit cramped and the employees were talking to each other in Chinese, and they weren't whispering!You do not have to get undressed, they simply move your clothes to the side to get to your shoulder or back or legs. But I would recommend wearing loose pants or shorts, I made the mistake of wearing jeans which probably inhibited the foot/leg massage I got. The deep massage was a bit rough at times, especially when they did my back massage. But overall, I left feeling like all the knots were massaged out and would definitely come back when I'm in the area. Be warned!! They have their own tipping system- it does not go by percentage of your bill, there's a sign at the front desk showing what they think is an appropriate tip. It's still pretty reasonable considering we paid $40/person for an hour massage which included tip. But... if you don't tip correctly, you might hear a complaint!!
