3	I went here for a gel manicure. They were very friendly and helpful, but my nails started cracking the next day and chipped in a week. A gel manicure is supposed to last 2-3 weeks. I'd go back if I wanted a standard manicure, but not again for what I got.
2	Did a rush job because there was an appointment coming in. susan barely put lotion on my feet (completely missed my toes) as, she was too busy looking at the clock. My nails were filed crooked and the polish was streaky. I saw, other customers getting foot massages, which I never got. This place was a mess for me but others seemed to be getting quality service.
5	This salon is great! I have been coming here for years and I wouldn't go anywhere else in the city! The atmosphere is great, the nail techs are personable. Sue, Tam and Tom all get 5 stars from me.  They do excellent work. It is a nice, intimate setting and very relaxing.  This is the go to place if you need a mani/pedi for any events, wedding, birthdays, girls day out.  All that said, I highly recommend this salon.
5	I absolutely love this place!..it's conveniently located right in Oakland which is very close to my house!...the service is always great and affordable...and the nail techs are so nice and friendly!...definitely a great place for some you time or an outing with friends!
1	Just. No. They rushed all of our mani/pedis. Looked like I could have done them. Not worth it. At all.
5	Couldn't have been happier with their work here! The owners are so nice and will remember your face even if its been months between visits. The first time I went, it was around lunch time...they painted both my finger nails and toe nails (beautifully, I might add!) and fed me authentic Vietnamese food. I went back months later in the summer and they remembered me! They welcomed me with such warmth and kindness you would've thought I was going there every week. This time around I asked for nail art. Since it was summer, I figured, " Hey why not! Let's go nautical and get some whales painted on my nails!" Let me tell you, they were the prettiest nails! The whales were ADORABLE and looked exactly like the picture I showed the gentleman. In short, I highly recommend this place. They're incredibly kind, fairly priced, do GREAT work, clean environment, etc, etc, I could go on and on about them! If you're looking for a place to get your mani/pedi done at, I recommend S&T Nail Design!
2	And my never-ending struggle to find the perfect nail salon continues...S&T is conveniently located in Oakland.  It's best to call ahead and make an appt, they absolutely give priority to appts over walk-ins (as they should!).  Parking is available on-street at the meters, but being Oakland, you may not find a spot as close as you'd like.My pedi was standard.  No massage, and the technician kept stopping what he was doing to glance up at the TV.  All in all, he was done in 25 minutes (not including the nail design).  Not great, not totally awful.  The kicker was waiting over 20 minutes for the polish to dry before the design I requested could be applied.  I've never had to wait that long anywhere else before.  The design was great, though!Less than a week and I already have chips in the polish:(  No waxing services offered here, either.  $35 for a half-assed pedi with a cool design....eh my search goes on!
