4	I gotta admit...I had mediocre expectations for Italian Pie...but they were completely put to rest after last night's meal! Hooray for good 'za. Give me a thin, crispy, garlic dusted crust and a tasty pie and I'm hooked. We met some friends here early on a Monday evening and not only had some great food, but really solid and friendly service too. The beer and wine list is decent - although I be they could add a few more local beers on tap in time. The interior hasn't changed too much since Sole - similar layout, yet cozy. Here are a few things I snacked on last night with a table of friends...Fried cheese sticks: 2/5: A bit unremarkable overall. The cheese was *fine* and marinara dipping sauce had a nice flavor to it but it was very thin. And two out the six cheese sticks were without cheese. Yep, just fried fakers. Garlic cheese bread: 5/5: Um, hello lover. This little app came out as a tiny cheese pizza pie drizzled with (what I assume to be) garlic oil. It was hot and cheesy and garlicky and damn delicious. Margherita pizza: 4.5/5: Our server recommended this pie and I ordered it with trepidation...I say it that way because margherita pies tend to be pretty bland. But oh no, not this pie. It was packed full of flavor - plenty of pepper, garlic, two types of cheese, fresh tomato and that really perfect crust. My only tiny ish? It was fairly greasy underneath - but no worries, I'll blot that right off. Go go flavor explosion. Get ye some pizza and try out Italian Pie...delizioso!
4	My wife and I visited this place just days after opening. We sat outside and enjoyed a large peperoni / jalapeno pizza. Talk about delicious...the pie came out steaming hot with a thin crust packed with flavor.The couple next to our was enjoying a salad...which looked amazing, next trip, we plan on ordering one to accompany our meal.
4	Great value - went there for takeout lunch this afternoon.  Received a three item calzone and a huge side salad for $8 and change.  Expect about a ten minute wait between ordering and being served to let the crust bake just right. I loved everything about my calzone and the salad exceeded expectations.Fairly busy inside (Tuesday), so you know they're doing something right.  I wish them well and look forward to returning sometime soon.
4	We went to The Italian Pie Saturday night for dinner.  I've always loved the brick building its in on East Blvd, but I've never been to eat there in any of its dining incarnations.  Unfortunately, the exterior is where the fun, classy atmosphere ends.  It's a facade for the bland interior that looks like it could be a restaurant in the middle of a strip mall.  I'm not sure who designed the layout and decorated the interior, but they should really lose their decorator license (if they even have one, that is).  The table layout looked like it was done by a six-year-old.  The ceiling is very low, the lighting is harsh, and what happened to the brick walls?  They're nowhere to be found.  The bar also took up half the room when the main focus should be on the dining area.  (As you can tell, I'm *all* about atmosphere.)   It's not a "date" place; it's more a place you go out to after you've already moved in together or had three or four kids together.  Despite the dismal surroundings, the service and food were exceptional.  The pricing on items were very affordable, too.  We both started with a small salad for $3.99.  And not just any small salad.  Here, you get your choice of an Italian, Caesar, or Chef (thank you, Italian Pie!) small side salad.  I love variety.  For our entrees, we each ordered a calzone, as a lot of pizza places we've been to don't offer this specialty.  I tried the Shrimp Florentine one, and my partner tried the Chicken Florentine one.  Both were delicious.  The filling was creamy and full of flavor, the crust was crispy and flavorful as well (it wasn't just bland dough).  The marinara dipping sauce had a lot of flavor, too.  It was thick and tasted homemade.  If it wasn't, it's a pretty good imitation of it.  At $2.50 a bottle, the domestic beers were a good price, too.The Italian Pie also has a semi-nice outdoor seating area.  Unfortunately, there was live music playing out there.  I say unfortunately because the area is so small that the band would have been right next to us and we never could have had any sort of conversation.  Plus, as a side note, the band had some groupie there who was taking photos of them when we entered the restaurant, as well as when we left.  She must have an 16GB memory card in her camera.  (You couldn't hear the music inside, though, over the din because of the poorly laid out dining area.)  So, I give Italian Pie five stars for their food and pricing, 2 stars for their very poor atmosphere.  C'mon, guys.  You have an exceptional brick building -- do something with it!
3	The pizza at The Italian Pie is nothing special, but nothing terrible, either. The crust is OK, but seemed par-baked. The toppings are plentiful, but not amazing. The prices aren't outrageous, but this isn't a bargain find, either. I probably wouldn't go there again, because I had to pass better pizza on my way to get there, but if they opened one across the street from me, yeah, I'd probably go.
4	I drive by this place everyday for work and wondered if it was open or not..  I found out finally it was open I went there on my lunch break and was a nice spring crisp day so I sat on thier patio whi ch is awesome great view of the street and you can see the cars  pass by or the ocassional jogger run by as Freedom Park is right next door.   I was gonna try the Pie (Pizza) but decided to go off the beaten path so I asked the waiter what was his favorite he suggested there toasted subs. I asked whoch on he told me the Pastrami it was out of this world. SO I took the mans word and ordered it..  BTW GRETA LUNCH SPECIALS!!  Alot of bang for your buck I think.  I got  a Side Salad and Sanwich special.  Now first of all Side Salad to me means a small salad this thing was the best Side salad I have had in a while. I could pick any salad they had off the menu and they will make you a mini one. Its Aweosme!!   I got the Cobb salad man was it huge and so good. The sandwich came it came with homemade chips which were good they were like Kettle Chips.  The Sandwich was big as well and had all this melted gooey cheeese and fresh warm Pastrami. All in all this place is a two thumbs up and will be going back.  :)
3	I'll start with the good:  Good service, OMB copper on tap, nice patio in Dilworth, and large inexpensive salads.The bad:14" is a "large" pizza here.  The dough has got to be pre-made; it had the consistency of pizza from Chuck E. Cheeses.  Our margarita pizza was covered in way too many spices, which just means they are trying to cover up the lacking flavor.  Plates were still wet and dirty with food particles on them - gross.I agree with one of the previous reviews.  I wouldn't go out of my way to go here, but if it was on the way home or something I might stop.  There are too many way better nearby pizza places.
2	We ordered the Italian combo pizza. The crust had too much oil in it which made the crust heavy and dense. Toppings were fair, nothing special.
1	Awful service. Frozen pizza. Drive a few miles to hawthornes, fuel,  Brixx or Mellow Mushroom before you stop at this place.
3	The only reason TIP gets 3 stars is for the nice chatty server, and the French onion soup. Lemme start by saying, opening a pizza joint just feet away from Brixx is ballsy. I applaud you for trying to take on a Charlotte staple like that. Now show me the goods. I happened to be at TIP on the day after the restaurant offered a Groupon or Living Social or one of those things. The place was packed, so I figured why not try it out. The French onion soup was just like any FOS should be like. Hot and rich, laden with tons of caramelized onions, topped with a bread disc and ooey gooey melted cheese. (theirs is the non traditional provolone, but I'm not picky) I could have, and should have just gotten the soup. It set the stage for some good pizza and salad. The salad, was like a supermarket salad. Nothing to write home bout.The Margherita pizza came recommended by server, so we got it. First off, when I order a Marg pizza, it should be with fresh mozzarella, basil and fresh cherry tomatoes. This one was greasy, overloaded with their house cheese blend, and frankly could have passed for a cardboard chew toy. I felt like an oil slick after eating one slice. The service was also slow but I'll  give TIP a pass since it was the after-Groupon night.
1	We had dinner here on a Sunday night a few weeks back.  Thought we'd try the new place in the neighborhood.  Boy were we dissapointed.  The service was BAD.  The food was actually pretty good.  We had a calzone and a meatball wrap, and both were outstanding.  However, the poor service killed the experience for us.  One of our entrees was completely forgotten.  So, by the time we could flag somebody down (unfortunately longer than it should have been), it took another 15 minutes to get the forgotten food.  No apologies even.  Manager never came by, and even worse, they still charged us for the dish.  The place was NOT busy when we were there, but our waiter seemed to be overwhelmed.  We overheard the manager say to another table that their food was late because the "kitchen staff was watching the NASCAR race in the back".  Despite the good food, we will not be going back.  Life is too short to pay for that kind of service.
4	I've gone to The Italian Pie twice with mediocre expectations and both times have been impressed with the food.  First time we enjoyed a pizza and the last time I had the spinach artichoke calzone...yum!  Service is only so-so otherwise I would have given it 5 stars.
2	Okay, my girlfriend and myself decided to try The Italian Pie despite the reviews that I had read.  The outside of the building and the location I give 5 stars.  As for the environment and food quality .... I mean I can only give 2 stars.  Honestly as soon as you step into the place you think you are walking into an old Pizza Hut!!!  The place is outdated, poorly decorated, and the layout sucks!!!!  The food was just not at all what I expected from an "Italian" restaurant.  The food we received I could have made myself, only it would have tasted a lot better.  Serving size was fine but the taste was bland and probably the cheese ravioli I got had been frozen.  Unless the manager plans on redecorating and giving the back of the house a makeover we won't be going back.  IF you think it's a place you should just give a try because it's cute, DON'T!!!!
4	My buddy and I just ate lunch up at the bar. This was my second time in and this was the way to go.  The food came quickly, the toasted subs were amazing and the beautiful young ladies that were bar tending welcomed us and made us feel right at home.  I'll definitely be back soon to take my seat at the bar.  Thanks!
3	Definitely sad to see Sole no longer occupying this spot (best tres leches of all time) but definitely wanted to give Italian Pie a shot.We ordered a small pizza and a calzone.  The pizza was really good, the calzone was just so-so.  Beer specials were good - decent price - but they didn't have/feature any italian beers, which was a little disappointing.  The decor, honestly, is a step backward from what it was with Sole, and frankly that hurt my overall scoring.  I would definitely go to this place if you live close enough for a pizza run - the pie was good!
2	Heard a lot about the restaurant, finally had a night with the wife no kids. ended up here the Italian Pie. To bad for me ordered a dish that had shrimp, guess what forgot the shrimp. Good job kitchen!!!. to many places in Charlotte with real chefs and kitchen staff not to make a mistake like that. was looking for Chef Ramsey to come out. Will not go back, SORRY, close to my house.
5	I moved here from NYC and for over two years I've lamented the poor pizza options. Then one day after a few hours at Starbucks I got a craving for pizza and thought I'd give The Italian Pie a try. This is amazingly good pizza! The multigrain crust is fantastic and I LOVE that they salt and pepper the rim. The spinach and artichoke and garlic shrimp pies are my favorite, but my husband has tried several others and loved each one. Look, I'm not saying Brixx is bad, but it's an entirely different type of pizza. The Italian Pie is classic American pizza with a twist. That twist being interesting topping combinations and crust. The staff is super friendly and tonight I met Arturo, one of the owners. Great guy and really eager to do what he can to make his guests happy. The decor isn't great, but this is not fine dining Italian, it is a casual pizza spot. Good drink specials every night I've been there and the prices overall are good. One last note, I've had a lot of pizza including in Italy itself and I like these pies a lot. Notice how generous they are with their toppings and the overall consistency of the product. Give it a try and try to keep in mind that it's not intended to be five star dining people. Relax, get a beer and a pie and enjoy the friendly staff and casual atmosphere.
1	This the first time I have taken the time to write a review (I ordinarily have better things to do),  and as you might expect it is motivated by unusually bad experience.  I ate there today for lunch (a Sunday afternoon)  with my wife and some friends.  We have all eaten at Italian Pie several times before and had a good opinion of the place (other than occasional slow service) until today (and had you asked me to review it prior today, i would have given it 3.5 stars).   We came in for lunch when there were maybe three or four other tables occupied.  The waitress was relatively new, which I am making allowances for in this review.   Mu friend and I came for some Four Friends (local brew) on tap, which Italian Pie has carried in the past (I77 IPA -- awesome),  but apparently no more (this may have been a limited production by Four Friends though, I am not sure).  Back to he ordinary stuff you can find anywhere (they do still have Old Meck Copper on tap if you want a local brew).   We settled for the Sam Adams winter lager (good beer, but again you can get that anywhere).  We were disappointed, but more disappointed that it took no less than 20 minutes to get our drinks (including our kids drinks).  The waitress recommended the bloody mary which our wives tried.  They were not impressed.  Only after telling the waitress we were going to leave, did our drinks finally come out.  Again, let me emphasize the place was far from busy, but apparently the bartender was overwhelmed.  Then the wait for the food  . .  and it was not worth the wait, nor the price.  My wife ordered a calzone, my friend the pastrami sandwich.  I ordered a cup of soup with a chicken caesar salad.  The sandwiches (my friend previously had eaten here several times and usually ordered the pastrami sandwich and loved it) looked different than before - like something from Gordon Ramsey;s Kitchen Nightmares.   My grilled chicken ceasar salad (the chicken looked liked prepackaged sliced chicken (Oscar Meyer maybe??) caesar with the chicken on top - but wrapped in a big ball of aluminum foil.  The food that came out was the most unappetizing in appearance/presentation I have seen in a long time.  Maybe presentation isn't everything, but when you charge $9.50 for a salad, maybe you should leave the ball of aluminum foil off of it.  Just a suggestion.  The difference in presentation/taste/quality was so noticeably different, we asked the waitress who told us the prior kitchen  manager had quit the week before.    Anyway, we were not shy about conveying some constructive criticism to our waitress (which is VERY unusual for us), we got not so much as a visit to our table from the manager. instead we we got a bill for the full amount.Needless to say, neither my wife and I nor our friends will be going back.  What a huge disappointment and waste of time and money.  Unless some big changes are made, you would be better off going just about anywhere else in town.
1	We expected to like the food but everything served was less than mediocre.  I had the "classic" lasagna, a "house favorite".  I can't imagine how a dish like this could have been served in a restaurant.  Unappealing, little flavor, no finesse, and more like what you'd expect from a frozen TV dinner.  If it was made by a chef, that person might need to find a new line of work- or find a better place to work as it is probably the chain restaurant's standards that are low. They probably limit the food purchases to that which is the lowest quality food grade. Caesar salad was acceptable but nothing I'd order again. My wife's dish, chicken parm, was not great, but acceptable. Desserts were commercial and average. Service was very pleasant and efficient.  Food prices were not high, but that didn't create a value for me- would rather have well-prepared, higher quality food with portions much smaller. But no left over food to go for me- I didn't want to try that lasagne ever again.This restaurant probably does a good bar business and food for those demanding little. Pizzas did look ok, but we didn't try.
2	Nope! Nothing "Italian" about this place, and it's not even good enough to be American.  Even my pizza-loving starving boy refused his pizza after one bite. Truly, I have had better food on transatlantic flights. Bland, tasteless, and overpriced.
4	We finally found somewhere to go instead of Brixx! Yay!Tonight, spurred on by our about-to-expire purchased coupon from sometime last yearish, we finally tried Italian Pie for the first time.  Now, we're sorry we waited so dang long.Our waiter was really personable and helpful with suggestions. I tried one of the specialty pizzas, the Artichoke, but ordered it with red sauce (instead of the "garlic sauce" base) on multigrain crust. Husband went with the White Pie as described on the menu.  We didn't have to wait too long for our food. When it came out, the waiter (wish I remembered his name...Matt?) said that he realized they made mine with regular crust instead of multigrain, and apologized. No biggie. I'll try it next time.And there will definitely be a next time, because HOLY YUM these are good pizzas. Thin and crisp (and yes, a bit oily - it's like a hybrid of thin crust and deep dish/pan pizza), with tons of cheese so gooey you'd expect to see it in a commercial. I'd have wished for more artichoke (the only thing I like Brixx better for - big chunks of artichoke, whereas here, it was more like shavings or slivers), and I couldn't find any spinach (contrary to my order for both spinach & artichoke) but all of the toppings, from the diced tomato and onion to the crumbled feta and bits of basil scattered around tasted very fresh and flavorful. A couple of bites of Husband's White Pie were also good, with a creamy alfredo sauce base and well-seasoned chicken with red bell pepper. We probably should have stopped at three, but both downed four slices on account of the om-nom-nom factor. NO REGRETS.The beer list is not huge, but they had Bell's Two-Hearted, so Husband was happy.Try it! You'll like it!
1	No so much. Really salty food.
1	Went to this place because of my dad. He wanted something to eat/drink, I wasn't hungry but thought a place with the word "italian" in it, located in Dilworth on East Blvd, would have some decent coffee. I didn't realize it's a chain. We sit down at a table outside on the patio. Waiter comes up and I'm about to ask him about espresso drinks when he cuts me off and says something along the lines "we just have regular American coffee, nothing fancy." First of all, espresso is not fancy. Second of all, when you call yourself anything "Italian" and you don't have espresso you are a fraud. So needless to say after this ignorant waiter managed to piss me off by implying I'm pretentious for wanting "fancy" coffee I didn't get anything, my dad got one drink and we left. Also, some other table near us was just getting their pizza as we were leaving and it looked like awful, medium-thick crust, flavorless, frozen pizza. From the reviews on here that sounds about right. Seriously, just call the place "bad American pizza." The only reason I'm giving this place even 1 star is because it finally went out of business.
