5	Nespresso just opened in Montreal, same concept than in New York.The place is stylish and you can have a coffee at the Bar on the ground floor and then buy your pods at the boutique on the first floor.First the coffee is excellent, it comes from the small pods and you can have some nice food as well.Seconf, you can buy the machine for your home (it is their objective of course) and then buy your pods online or in the location.A good place to have a good espresso, latte or Cappuccino , the only small negative, you can feel from the service that the place is new.
1	The MOST pretentious coffee shop I have ever been to. Unlike most of their newly launched stores around the world Nescafe has decided that they would serve both coffee and some food. The coffee comes in pods, the Nespresso pods. The wait staff snooty. I ordered a Machiatto Latte, and was served a Machiatto. When I mentioned that what they served me did not look at all like what I had ordered, I was told "the menus are printed in Switzerland and the items are not going to be exactly like the menu. I was offered a replacement Machiatto. I drank it to keep the peace, and it was comped. The prices are more than the Cafe de La Paix, but as the waiter proudly exclaimed most of our patrons are Europeans. Overpriced, snooty, and the so called food is nothing other than garbage. Stay away in droves.
1	Why would you go here for Espresso when Caffe Art Java exists in Montreal?  Ya, please serve me some espresso from a pod...good? lol
2	I love my espresso machine and the coffee but the staff in this shopbehave like snobs and it's unnecessary. They aren't selling $4000 hand bags they are selling coffee. These people need a serious attitude adjustment. I'd rather order on-line.
5	I really enjoyed this place.  Sitting at the bar, we got to witness the barista at work and man, did he take the job seriously.  You would think that just pressing a button to make the coffee would make things simple, but the care used and combinations created made for a fine art.You get the full selection of Nespresso coffees for each of the desserts so the possibilities are endless.  I went for the simple espresso, after being guided through which kind would best suit my pallet. My friends went for coffee ice cream blends, and I have to admit I was a little bit jealous. They ambiance was elegant, and the patio was beautiful.  A great place for visitors to the city to take a break from sight seeing, or for regulars to take a classy break from the day.
5	Simply my favorite coffee place in Monteal and I really do enjoy their light original breakfast combinations!!! Ambiance and decor is amazing. As long as you don't mind the staff giving themselves an attitude
4	Everyone is complaining that this place is pretentious...well that just happens to be one of the reasons why I come here!I love the lay out of the store, it's always clean and they let you sample whatever flavours you want downstairs before you buy. The queue is crazy on the weekend so come on a week night if you can to avoid the mayhem. You can bring the capsules back for recycling and they keep all of your info on file so there is no need to remember anything, which is perfect for me.Nespresso has made me a nicer person in the morning so I for one love this store and their product.
4	My review is less about the actual Nespresso bar than the company itself.  I have been drinking Nespresso since 2006, I was on a trip to Paris and the apartement we rented had one, the rest as they say is history.  Now a little about the product, the machines have been hit or miss over the years, (we have purchased mutiple ones to have in different homes 4 in total) D290 is the best one, the others have all broken down at one point or had issues.  I must say that the service in getting these machines replaced has been very efficient and quick.   The delivery services work very well also, my mom lives in a little remote place outside of Quebec (it is so remote they actually do not have an internet provider yet!!!)!, and she can order her nespresso pods online and have they are delivered with 48 hrs, so pretty good.For those of you who travel, I have found that the cheapest place to buy the pods is NY city, I save about 10 Cents per coffee, so it is worth loading up when your there.I figure that it is not cheap but for someone like mtself that has a once a day coffee habit it is worthwhile, the fact that I have not seen a coffee bean or grind laying around, and that fact that it is the perfcet coffee with crema each time is what makes me a huge fan.ValerieAs for the stores employees, I must say I find them all kinda full of hot air, and I can see why people think they are snobbish, but I think that is the image Nespresso wants.  For my part they are always easy to deal with because all I ever  say is gimme 10 sleeves of black,  10yello,10 kaki.....blablabla.
4	Nespresso, you so yummy.Pretentious or not, I dig it. This place is swanky, classy, and sophisticated. Yes, you are going to spend at least $5-6 on a coffee, but take in to consideration the variety, the ambiance, the area, the experience... and it could be worth it. If not, well, there are a bunch of great cheap coffee houses elsewhere, too.Their food is quite good as well, having only tried their Salmon Tartare and Caesar Salad, I must say I have never been disappointed. Their tartare is served with a syringe full of balsamic and olive oil to eject over the salmon, which is a pretty interesting touch I have never experienced elsewhere. Their macaron's are good, and they offer a variety of other sweet goodies to sample and/or order.The place is very sleek and clean, and the servers are attentive and kind. If you happen to buy your espresso capsules from there, then they store your information in their system, making the process quite easy and convenient for future purchases - they recycle the capsules too! Their espresso makers are top of the line, ranging in prices and styles according to your needs. For any fix ups or replacements on machines, they work hard and efficiently at taking care of your needs.
4	A coffee shop for high society (or people trying to play the part)?  Maybe?  A lifestyle that the Swiss Nestle company is selling one small aluminum pod at a time?  Perhaps?This was my second discovery experience at the Nespresso Cafe!  On the main floor is the restaurant/Nespresso bar lounge area. on this day people were enjoying delightful looking breakfast/brunch of different creations while some looked to be enjoying good conversation.  In the back of the first floor is a showroom type area of all the machines you can purchase.  Climb up the stairs into a second showroom area (of their expensive yet sleek-simple) looking accessories and the place to buy your grand cru's.  As I got to the top of the stairs there was a greeter who was asking what I was looking for.  I responded with "buying capsules".   There I was told to go to the counter where a young lad helped answer my questions and allowed me to sample the special 2012 cru (Hazelnut).  The advantage here is you can buy one sleeve (of 10 capsules) or as many as you want yet ordering online you are help to the minimum of (5 sleeves of 10 caps which comes with a $7 delivery fee).  Since I don't plan to be here all the time I bought 6 sleeves.Service was professional and friendly but I can see why some people see this as "hoity toighty".  If you can get over this aspect and enjoy the atmosphere you can really have a nice place to come for a java fix or light meal!  I shall be back to re-fuel in the future!
5	I checked this place out last night for the first time, and was pleasantly surprised. First, the interior decor is stunning - a mixture of contemporary and urban design, with a little sleekness to boot. They also have a small terrace if you prefer to sit outside. Our waiter was extremely attentive and as this was my first visit, he took the time to thoroughly explain the menu and various types of coffee. I took the waiter up on his recommendation and ordered the Macchiato, and was NOT disappointed. I ordered the 'light' version and found it to be a perfect blend of both milk and coffee, without being too coarse. Frankly, it was delicious. My only 'complaint' - if you want to call it that - is that there was too much foam. Since I forgot to request no foam, I don't blame the waiter :)  They have a fairly extensive coffee menu so if you're a fan of coffee, you're sure to find something. They also offer food service, however since I didn't order anything, I can't comment on how good the food might be. An additional perk for me is that they serve Point G macarons - WOOHOO! Great place to chill on your own or with a few friends. Check it!
4	Chilling on the patio
