4	Situated in front of the Showtime Carwash, I had driven by this taco stand several times a week for the last month.  I am not sure exactly when they're open but definitely on Friday and Saturday nights.   After subpar al pastor tacos a few days before, this was a must check out.  You're clearly able to see the gigantic spit of al pastor even going by at 50 mph.  It's almost as if time stands still and you hear voices singing from the heavens!  Not really but it looked pretty fucking good.There were 6 people in front of us with a few waiting for their orders but the cooks churned out the stuff pretty quick.  Most tacos were a $1.50 but we splurged (wink) for another 50 cents and got 2 lengua tacos along with 4 al pastor and 2 carne asada.   I was immediately psyched when the guy taking our order asked if we wanted pineapple with our pastor.  Yes.  Yes we would.  They also offered quesadillas and burritos but we were in total taco mode.  I was impressed with the condiments they offered including 3 salsas (mild green, really spicy dark green and mild red pepper cream), very spicy onions (awesome), chopped raw onions, cilantro and radish.  They also offered grilled onions and whole jalapenos which were also free.  Most customers chose to stand and eat but we bagged everything up and ate at home.The pastor was pretty good but not the best I've had.  The carne asada and lengua were very solid too.  We actually contemplated driving back to get a couple of more tacos. Definitely will be back.  Maybe we'll bring lawn chairs and a six pack of beer next time!  I hope they stick around.
5	Oh my goodness! How am I just discovering this place? One of the guys at Those Guys Pies recommended them to me. Yelpers, they are so good I ate there two days in a row. They offer burritos and gringas and different things but I say go with the tacos. Hubby tried them all and loved them. I as usual chose al pastor, two rancheras (with avocado and crema) and two regular. The meat is SUPER moist and flavorful. Four really wasn't enough, they are extraordinarily light! I could've easily eaten 20! As if super tender, moist meat wasn't enough, holy cow the salsas are amazing. And really, you can have sub-par meat but a good salsa elevates a taco. Oh man the green one was sooo good! Super hot and onion-y. It will give you terrible breath (as I write this I still smell to onions) but that's how good it is! I brought a bunch of containers home and have used the salsa to make huevos rancheros, poured it into a bowl of clam chowder and used it with fish. FYI, they are open thursday-sunday. Go get yourself some great tacos for dinner tonight!
4	This is exactly what I'm looking for in a Street Taco Cart!They have great Pastor Tacos...image that...and from a place called Taqueria La Casa Del Pastor?!?  They give you an option of pineapple with the Pastor as well...the correct response is "Yes please!"They also do really solid Asada and Lengua.  They have other meat options too, but I have not tried them yet...and in addition to tacos, they also offer other selections such as Burritos, Gorditas, etc.One of the true highlights for Taqueria La Casa Del Pastor is the salsa bar!  They have some wonderfully flavorful and spicy salsas.  I like heat, but don't like it when there is only heat without strong flavor...don't have to worry about that here!Thanks to Alison Y. for pointing this place out to me!
5	this is my favorite little taco stand we have gone at least 5 times since i have discovered it.. al pastor tacos with pineapple and their yummy green salsa ... delish
3	This place is conveniently located so that's my favorite part about coming here. They can be found most weekend nights in the Showtime car wash parking lot on Tropicana, just east of Jones. My fella and I come here when we want a quick street taco fix and don't want to travel too far away from home. The meats are a little on the dry side, but still flavorful. The salsa bar is limited to three salsas and some other fixings that didn't looks too appealing so I settled for some salsas and took them to go with us. They packaged the tacos well. They never spill or slide around on the plate during our drive home. My favorite was probably the asada. That's pretty strange for me since I usually prefer el pastor, but this one isn't my favorite. Still a solid choice in the area and the service is pretty friendly and efficient.
5	This has to be the best taco spot we've tried on this side of town. As many of you know, there aren't that many set up in the southwest part of town. We live close by and we pretty much come here EVERY weekend. My favorite is the al pastor, I've tried all the other stuff but nothing compares :) Their sauce has got to be the best also. They're so good that you can't stop eating them!
3	Definitely not bad at all, its the closest stand to a taco stand in Tijuana that you're gonna get here in Vegas. The tacos al pastor had good flavoring as well as the carne asada tacos. Loved that they had a variety of salsa and accompaniments, not too many tacos places offer more than radish so the fact that they have cucumbers is great. Not to mention it was clean (BIG plus in my book).
5	There are 2 of these carts in Vegas that I know of, and oh....my.....there is no better taco in my option. These are simply amazing. $1.50 each for small double corn shelled bites. The pork and pineapple are the best but the beef is great too. I wish I could review more but every time I go all I can do is stuff myself sick on the pork- unbelievably yummy!
4	Awesome pastor tacos! Quick easy and hella good. Chorizo really good too. Wish they were there all week. Not just Thursday - Sunday.  But glad they are there none the less.
3	The taco stand here has leveled up, and is now a full blown trailer!  I don't know if it means different owners, but the menu looked a bit different from when it was just a stand.  The meats also tasted a bit different; when it was a stand I really liked the pastor.  Currently their cabeza is my favorite meat.Tacos are around $1.50 each, orders are served up fast, and there is a full salsa bar.  There are no tables or areas for seating, so you'll be eating outside or in your car.  The only frustrating thing about this place is that the hours don't seem to be consistent.  I've driven past on Friday or Saturday nights expecting them to be open, but either they haven't set up yet or they have already closed.  Still, this is one of the better taco stops that I've had in this part of town.
3	Unless you're looking for a taco stand, it's easy to miss. While on Tropicana Avenue, it's situated in the parking lot of Showtime Car Wash, just east of Jones Boulevard (pass the Albertson's). There's no designated spots to park, so find a space that doesn't disrupt traffic and keep an eye on your vehicle. You won't be there very long anyway.Tacos are just $1.50-2/each. Al Pastor (Pork), Asada (Steak), Cabeza (Head), Chorizo (Sausage), and Pollo (Chicken) are $1.50 and Lengua (Tongue) and Tripa (Tripe) is $2. You can add cheese and sour cream for $0.50/each or guacamole for $1. There is an extensive salsa bar that houses fresh salsas (I really liked the medium orange-colored one) and great toppings like diced white onions and cilantro.There are other menu selections like quesadillas and plates (maybe tortas?). Soda cans, water bottles, and Horchata are offered for $1 (Horchata may be more?), but I would suggest bringing your own beverages.I ordered two Al Pastor tacos, one with pineapple and one without it. I wasn't sure what I'd like since this was my first time trying Pastor. The tacos are small (normal corn tortilla), but piled pretty well with meat. I was surprised how much I liked the pork with the pineapple (I guess I shouldn't be too surprised since I like ham with pineapple), but it added a nice sweetness. The pork wasn't very flavorful and lacked juiciness and tenderness - most likely from being chopped so small and cooked on the flattop a tad too long. The tortilla was also warmed too much resulting in a slightly dry texture. So, overall, just okay. It was still good enough to fulfill a craving, but definitely no sparks.I wouldn't say I would never visit this taco stand again, but I probably wouldn't order the Pastor. It could possibly just not be my favorite taco meat or they may do Asada or Pollo better. I'll give them the benefit of the doubt or just have the salt shaker ready.
3	It's not that Taqueria La Casa Del Pastor has changed--they still do a good job.  It's just that my eyes have been opened to the finer side of Al Pastor after this week's Taco Trek UYE.Taqueria La Casa Del Pastor will still do in a pinch, but if I have the time I will definitely be heading to other parts of the valley for my tacos.Stop by if you're in the area as their tacos are good here!  Otherwise check out Taqueria El Pastorcito or Taqueria El Buen Pastor.
2	I don't drive up and down W. Tropicana Ave that often, so it is not surprising that I have never noticed that a taco truck would be operating in the parking of Showtime Car Wash on selected evenings.  On a recent Saturday, I was here to check out this new to me West side taco truck as part of an organized street taco crawl around Las Vegas with many other Yelpers.The food truck overall looks new and kept clean.  The two man crew making the orders to order are pros and kept up with the Yelp rush like no body's business. Looking over their menu, I noticed that their price is probably tied for being the lowest for their tacos (almost everything is $1.50 except Lengua (Tongue) and Tripa (Tripe) which are $2 a piece).As the event is billed as The Al Pastor Tacolympics, it was a no brainer that I had to order an Al Pastor taco with pineapple.  I also ordered their Cabeza (Cow's Head Meat) taco as I was pretty hungry, just to round it out, but still forced myself to not order any more so I can pace myself for the rest of the pit stops we were expected to make if we kept to the plan.The wait for my order of the tacos was minimal and was ready sooner than I had expected.  The Al Pastor taco looked good, but the pineapple seems like it wasn't grilled at all, the Cabeza taco looked just okay.  But the main test was the taste test, and the Al Pastor seems lacking in flavor and the Cabeza was rather dried.  Their salsa and condiment bar helped but overall I was not impressed at all.Why you should check this place out (assuming it is open at this location on the night you want to check them out)?  The main reasons would have to be your immediate proximity to this location and their pricing.  Otherwise, get in your car and drive NE to other taco stands that offer mucho better tacos for 50 cents more.Besides tacos, they of course also offer burritos, tortas, and quesadillas on their menu. For something to wash it all down, they have your typical bottled water, canned sodas, and their Horchata.Oh, expect to stand and eat or go a bit more upscale and enjoy your tacos in the comfort of your car.  What ever you decide, just be courteous to others and dispose of your trash in the provided trash receptacles. Parking is where you can find a spot, on the street or in the lot, as long as you are not obstructing traffic.2 star-ish.Review #13 of 2014
3	For street tacos, I got the asada... they are good, nothing special. I've had better. The price is good and staff was friendly and fast. Seemed clean enough.It's better than Taco Bell or Del Taco any day!Parking is kind of weird, they are set up in the parking lot of a carwash/detail center, so parking can be at a minimum at times and lot can be busy.Area seems safe, non-seedy...I left my car there for a few hours after the taco stop late at night and it was good when I returned. Yay!
3	I used to live in this area and back then there wasn't a stand. I got 2 tacos : Cabeza - it was ok... mine was greasier than others I think because I somehow got the bottom of the pile or something as others complained it was dry that day. I thought it needed salt though.Pastor - I wasn't a fan of how small the meat was diced as it lost some of the flavor. I got a horchata to wash it down. It was creamy and had a lot of spice, but a bit sweet for my taste, though I can see others liking it as is.I came with a group of Yelpers and their service is fast and the tacos were cheap at $1.50 but overall this was just alright. I wouldn't go out of my way for these tacos...and I'm never in this hood either.
4	Great tacos! Nothing fancy but great food before heading to the strip and fast.. Don't expect to much.. Just good old Mexican food! I've said it before but in Vegas you don't find too many good Mexican places and this place is definitely top 3.. This place reminds me of being in the valley(San Fernando valley) hanging with my cousins after a night at city walk! People need to stop being stuck up with this place! Its not a 5 star or even 4 star restaurant! Its a taco stand! Fast.. Fills you up and can cure a hangover with its salsa!
2	One word review Meh...The meat does not have the same flavors of other places like El Gordo. The tortillas were not fresh and the flavor was not there. I had their pork tacos with papaya and pineapple, it took them 2 minutes to prep them, but the quality was not really there. On a side note, if you have a friend who can't eat pork for religious reasons, then this place is not suitable since they skillet is shared for all meats.
5	I love this taco truck!!! The tortas are the reason we go! Food is great, prices are great, the guys that run it super duper nice, they are open late, & when you're drinking this absolutely hits the spot!!! Check it out you wont be disappointed!!!!Dont forget to try the green sauce! Its freaking amazing!
