4	I really like their tuna salad sandwich. The bread is good and the portions are large. Eat in or take out.
5	I really like Lenny's.  They're such a nice escape from all the other chain sub restaurants, ESPECIALLY Subway, which I'm growing to detest.  This one recently went thru an ownership change but the staff is just as friendly as the original, so no worries there (or w/the quality of food).When you first order a "regular" sub & see the bread they whip out you think, "wow, that's nothing special" (in comparison to other places)...but that's before they start PILING on the meat and toppings!  The good folks at Lenny's do NOT skimp on those.  That underwhelming bread loaf very quickly becomes a heaping mass of goodness that will quench most any appetite.  I took my dad here once & he scoffed at the beginnings of his 'samich until he saw the finished product...and could barely finish it (and he can pack away some food!).  Just came home with a regular turkey on wheat (and they have excellent wheat bread btw), and it was only $6.94 w/tax.  For only about $1.50 or $2 more you can make it a meal - but I'm TRYING to be healthy so I opted for water at home (insert grimace here cuz they have really good sweet tea). Basically the same thing you'd pay at Subway for miniscule toppings on a 6" sandwich. Lenny's reg sub is 7.5" and twice the size of Subway toppings-wise, and their large is twice that at FIFTEEN inches!  They also have a good selection of salads, as well as hot subs like Philly Cheesesteaks.  Oh, and they also have these "grilled footlong hot dogs," BUT BEWARE - they aren't your ordinary hot dogs, they're more like these ENORMOUS sausages & they're rather oily/greasy...not for the faint of heart (and the reason they're like five/six bucks or something like that).  So, in short, if you're in the area of this or any of the other Lenny's, give'em a shot - you're sure to be in for a treat.  And you'll certainly be full when you leave!
5	Awesome deli subs, and very speedy.  Make sure you are hungry if you are going to get a large or expect to have another meal out of it later.
2	Terribly expensive for a sandwich you could have at another restaurant with better atmosphere. Just an expensive Subway.  Shocking that they are still in business with the better options out there.
4	This location specifically made me a fan of Lenny's.  I'd often stop in here before grocery shopping across the plaza to quench the munchies, shopping with the munchies is never a good idea.Service is always prompt, while still being very personable. I got into several interesting conversations the employees. Always love random conversation. The meat is sliced to order. (not sitting between paper, pre-sliced, a la other sandwich shops) Bread is baked fresh. Couldn't ask for more from a sandwich shop, other than slightly lower prices. But then again, if prices get cut quality often gets cut along with it. I'll take a good cold cut sandwich any day when I can watch my meat get sliced and make a new friend.
4	The relish is addictive. Oh my effin' heaven - I can't stop thinking about it. Yeh, it's that good. Not terribly long ago, I was out of town and took a nap on my way home - and had a dream about Lenny's  hot pepper relish sauce. I'm not even kidding - it's that good. Additionally, their "regular" is the same as another chain's "large" - so you get incredible value for what you are spending. It might be a $10 sub, but it's worth every penny. Yeh. I'll take the 20 minute drive to get a Lenny's sub. Yum!
4	Man these are some good subs. Im a big fan of getting your meat sliced right onto your sandwich. They load it up right and have all the good fixens. I always get the club with oil and vinegar which comes with roast beef , turkey, and bacon lettuce tom. and onions. One of the better sub chains.
3	Decent bread and fresh fixings and the staff has been very friendly on my visits.  I would probably rate Lenny's higher overall but the meat is an issue.  First, there is just not enough on it when you get a deli sub.  Not sure about the cheesesteaks as I've not tried them but, they are pretty skimpy on the portions vs. a place like Jersey Mike's.  My other comment on the meat is that the turkey they use is just a weird consistency.  Kind of mushy and watery.  Hard to describe really but, it just has an odd feel as you chew.All that said, and still an A-OK review?  Yes.  If given the choice between Lenny's and Subway 10 times.  I'm choosing Lenny's...
4	Lenny's is turning into my "go-to" sub shop - just overall good stuff, the guys running the shop are funny and seem to be happy to be making sammiches - they might be mentally ill in that regard.  It's a sub shop - no sub shop gets a perfect score.  But Jarod better take his skinny arse to Lenny's for a real sammich!
2	Not really anything special, service was terrible, order was wrong and staff was not helpful at all.
4	Nice, safe, location. Clean restaurant. Great tasting subs and cheesesteaks.
5	This is my new go to sub shop.  The location is clean and bright and it's in a really good location.  In my opinion Lenny's has better subs than all of the other chains, one of the most important things that I have to mention is the meat and toppings that you're given.  When you order a sub for Lenny's prepare to be dazzled as they begin to freshly slice large quantities of meat and cheese for you.You'll be given a huge amount of meat on your sub and the meat and cheese are of good quality and are fresh.  The bread also appears to be freshly baked and makes for a really nice sub.  I've never been able to eat one sub in a single sitting since they're so big.If you're a fan of meat and cheese, I recommend that you give Lenny's a try.
3	The food was fine and the service is friendly, if not the most efficient. Not a place I would go out of my way for a return visit, but wouldn't rule it out if someone else suggested it.
4	I always get tbe philly with pepper relish,  really good! This location overall has a friendly staff,  last two times I went sandwhich maker was great and cashier couldnt even smile. Maybe a bad day, you have the option to make any sub the "lennys way" which is oil, vinegar, mayo, salt, pepper, lettuce, &  tomato. I called last night (Saturday 4-26-14)  wanted my favorite philly! But they lost my business due to having no sub rolls!??  I had to call jersey mikes instead...
5	One of the first sub shops I visited since moving to Charlotte. Food was great, and the prices were decent, actually got a free cookie. That was CLUTCH lol.
4	Yum. This place is awesome. Go Tuesdays for their 2 can dine for 11.99 special. Two subs, 2 drinks, and 2 bags of chips. The cold subs are ready fast. The hot subs take a while but are worth the wait.
5	Love this place. It's small, family-run and inexpensive. The Vietnamese sandwiches are simple, delicious and fresh. Can't ask for much more than that.
4	I really love the subs here, the Italian the buffalo chicken philly are my favorites. The ingredients are always fresh and they slice the meat right before they make the sandwich. Sometimes they skimp on the portions for the buffalo chicken philly, it just depends who is making it. The prices are pretty decent especially for what you get. The service is alright and overall staff is friendly and efficient, again it depends on who you have serving you that day. But I've never had a bad experience and they food is definitely good enough to keep me coming back. Much better than subway.
