4	Good mix of fast food and quality asian. The mac & cheese is a big rip off. I had the Pad Thai and it was very good. When I went no one else was in there so I did not have any problems with the order. I wish we had one of these in Cola-town. The iced tea was also very good (black tea).
4	A suburban strip mall noodle chain may not sound like the makings of a delicious meal, but I have NEVER been disappointed by my order here. It's clear that each dish is made fresh to order and the flavors are well-executed and authentic. My vegetarian husband thinks their pad-thai is actually pretty good, and I have been impressed with all of the Italian inspired pastas. The chicken noodle soup is also extremely tasty. Take-out is a cinch and well packaged for the ride home. My only complaint: they used to have Fresca on tap and took it away! Not that I blame them - I think I might be one of the only people left in America that really drinks it.
4	I really like Noodles & Company.  It is tough to find fresher food than this.  I have been twice now and ordered vegetarian choices and the veggies were fresh and tasty.  You can see the cooks preparing each meal to order. I can see how this would leave lots of room for error, but both times my meals were great.  My kids get the mac n cheese and it is really yummy.Yet, I would caution that if you judge your restaurants based upon quantity, this will not be a good choice for you.  The portions are not large.  I left both times feeling like I had eaten just the right amount of food and I am not a real big eater.  If you prefer big meals you will have to spend quite a bit to get full here I would say.
3	I enjoy eating at this place. Very good Penne Rosa pasta and Bangkok Curry. Fresh ingredients and salads. We usually get the trio, includes a side and a meat added to the pasta. On this visit, 7:15 pm for dinner, the place was a mess. Most tables needed wiping down (did this ourselves) and the floor was gross. macaroni pasta every where
5	This place is super yummy. The penne rosa is my face. Caesar salad is a great side. Nice to sit outside when it's not too hot.
4	Yummy..:-) love everything we have tried.
3	After walking over to Firehouse Subs in the Arboretum, we noticed Noodles and Company. The menu seemed good and healthy, so we gave it a shot. Upon walking in, we were warmly greeted and asked if we had any questions. Just kidding--nobody was at the register. Finally a young man got there, and we ordered. I got the Pad Thai with chicken, and my mom got a BBQ Chicken Salad. After getting my soda from the bad-as-usual Coca Cola Freestyle machine, we sat down at a somewhat dirty table. The whole place wasn't very clean--ugh. My Pad Thai was okay. It really didn't have that Pad Thai-ish taste. It was bland and eh. It needed some peanut sauce or something. My mom's salad was delicious, the chicken was great and the sauce was fantastic. I ended up eating a quarter of it.Overall, Noodles and Co. is an alright place. Would I go again? Probably not, considering there's a Firehouse Subs right next door which I think are great. If you're in the Arboretum searching for some healthy, quick food, maybe give this place a shot.
4	The truffle Mac and cheese was so good! I also enjoyed the Bombay noodles, great curry flavor and fresh veggies!
3	the restaurant was clean and too cold!!  The food was fresh but plain.  It needed more sauce or some seasoning of some sort.
2	Service is fast and waiters are friendly; however, I would only recommend this place if you like the taste of noodles and nothing more.....very lil' flavor.
1	Tried to eat here tonight.... but it was a mistake!!!!!  The lady wiping down tables was rude because we wanted to sit in a booth.  She finally wiped it down and left us a swimming pool on the table, YUCK!  Then our food finally showed up on a dirty plate! We did not eat here.... I asked for my money back!
4	As a fast casual restaurant it's about on par with what you'd expect. Noodles are great from anywhere so you can mix and match different types of cuisines of you want.Best best is to get a small bowl and add a side salad or soup for a dollar more. Always been more than enough food to hit the spot.
