4	Great location if you're into golfing. Only downside is that it's a little too far from the action of the city.
4	My family and I just became members at the Scottsdale Athletic Club and Resort...and I am NOT disappointed about it at all! What a great place. The work out facility is nice, well equipped, and quiet. No one to stare at you while you work out and no waiting for machines to free up. The facilities to shower and get ready after your workout are awesome! They provide you with hair styling products and everything just in case you forget to bring yours. My sister and my mom tried out the tennis courts, and said that they had a great time doing so. I cant wait to try one of their exercise classes!The Resort side of this place is nothing short of beautiful. I had family in from out of town, and they got a suite for a few days. It was gorgeous! Complete witha kitchen, fireplace, TV area, bedroom and bathroom. The pool is also very nice, and you can even order food to the poolside tables. Overall, we had a great experience at the Scottsdale Athletic Club and Resort, and I still have a lot of things to try-out as a member. Looking forward to the next wine tasting :)
3	We ended up staying here for spring training because there weren't very many other options. It's not really close to anything which is a bummer. The messed up on our reservation so we had a villa the first night, which was nice but definitely not worth whatever they charge for it. Both the villa and our suite were very very dark. Almost no natural light and every room except for the bathrooms is very dark - so dark it is hard to put on makeup, find things in your suitcase, etc. Maybe it was designed for vampires? Ha. The pool was okay but definitely a family hang out area. I don't plan on ever coming back - there are way too many nicer hotels that are more convenient.
1	Very disappointing!  No room cleaning for 2 out of the 6 days.  Very noisy.  I would not recommended nor stay here again.  My husband and I returned one evening around 6:30pm and found the door to our room wide open and no one around!!  Next few days we found a note on the door that said that we had the do not dIstrub sign on which we did not and that our room was not cleaned (liars)!
5	Really beautiful room and facilities. Stayed here when I came to Arizona for spring training games. My family loves the place. The restaurant is great. Wonderful service and food.
1	2+ hours for the maintenance guy to show up and turn on the gas line. Still not here. It's why we booked the room. It's got everything you need, but the service is lacking. Being a facilities manager for a  5 star department store, this place is lacking in the customer service. It is our anniversary getaway and I am sorely disappointed. I just need some needle nose pliers.
