5	I love danish, I love danish, yes I do. Mom's is the quintessential mom & pop spot. In the far corner of a down on its heels strip mall in Mesa, sharing space between a defunct tattoo parlor and an animal clinic.  On the business food chain, Mom's might be even a rung or two below mom and pop. An example of a rung below is the fact they don't take credit cards and their hours are Tues-Sat 6am-12pm...So, do your shopping early. Credit issues and hours aside, Mom's knows baked goods. Especially danish, dangerously tasty danish, food coma danish..Real danish, danish made with real fruit, creamy custard and tons, l-i-t-e-r-a-l-l-y tons of butter... Now, this is not some crummy, flaky palm sized danish that Safeway, or whomever is your local grocer is, trying to pawn off as danish. NO, no, no, no. This is HUGE - intended to be a breakfast for 6 or more. Actually, it is referred to as a twist and it is several danishes tied/braided together. Comes in a few different fruit varieties, cherry, apple, etc and the pastry is heaven. It could have something to do with the butter quantity, it is flaky without being dry or chewy, it melts in your mouth and is the perfect compliment to the custard and fruit. You will be leaving with an enormous plastic bag of several danishes upon purchase.  The brownies, the breakfast breads, the butter cookies are all good but did I mention the danish, you really have to try the danish.
5	AN EXTRAORDINARY PLACEI visit the Phoenix area a few times a year to see my mom, and today we wanted to take some pastries to a cousin who has been ill. I wanted something really tasty - definitely a cut above the usual grocery store bakeries, Dunkin Donuts and the like.I tried various Google searches and came across the previous review for Mom's. It sounded promising and after a bit more searching I incorporated it into the driving directions.The shop is very modest and unassuming. The baked goods are sensational. I'd intended to get just a couple of danish, but left with sticky buns, cinnamon rolls, cookies, turnovers and more. The master baker (my title for him) helped me at the counter and couldn't have been more accommodating, provided great suggestions, and clearly takes pride in the shop's products.Of course, the real test is the quality. Well, we sampled everything and without exception each was far above anything I've had from other bakeries. My Scandinavian family is known for homemade baked goods, and these were as good as I've ever had.This is really a business that deserves local support because they provide something you can't get elsewhere. Fresh, honest-to-goodness, high quality baked goods.Mom's is on my list for my next visit to the area - probably on the way from the airport to pick up treats. You won't be disappointed.
5	If Beef is what you want go to Albertson's on Hillhurst. The Vons beef lacks flavor and for the same price you can get better quality up the road. I don't know the science behind it but take the taste test yourself!
