1	We own a time share in the other HGVC on the strip near Circus Circus and have stayed there very happily several times.  This time we thought we'd check out this one, next to the Las Vegas Hilton.  Big mistake!  This one looks and smells so much older than the other.  Lots of amenities in the good sized rooms, including a huge jacuzzi tub the kids loved, but too many things were broken down or barely functioning.  The pool is too small.  I guess the chirping cricket hanging out in the bathroom can't really be blamed on the hotel, but it creeped me out anyway.  There were less than 20 floors and the views from the rooms are crap.The proximity to the Hilton was important for us, the monorail is there and the restaurants/buffet/casino/sportsbook etc. (since the HGVC's don't have those.)  But I will definitely go back to the one on the strip for our future trips.
4	I have stayed in MANY Hilton timeshares, locations including Hawaii, New York, California, Nevada.... this one is the same as the rest. The accomodations are very nice, the people at the check in and welcome desks are very friendly, and it is a short distance away from the strip.The rooms come with a shower, two sinks, a full kitchen (with dishwasher , fridge, sink, dish detergent, coffee, tea, silverware, plates, glasses, ETC), a flat screen dvd player, a queen sofa bed, a king bed, a dining table, you get the picture, I could go on forever. It's a nice place to go back to after walking around all day/gambling/drinking.I didn't check out the pool, but the other things that they offered were pretty cool. On the first floor, there was a large quiet room, an entertainment room (with a HUGE tv, couches, pool table, chess tables...), a mini mart, and complimentary cucumber water (don't diss it until you try it :D). I didn't have a chance to check out the pool tho...I guess my only eh with this place is that it wasn't as nice as the HGVC just down the street . But that HGVC is much much newer, so it's excusable. There's also an HGVC at the Flamingo which is right in the middle of the strip, whereas this HGVC is on the north end. I would have liked to be in the middle of things rather than the edge.Otherwise, this place was comfortable, clean, and the staff was friendly. I have no huge gripes about this place, it's nice and you should stay here if you can :)
4	A great place to spend with My Xo's family.  His brother has a timeshare in this location & decided to spend his birthday here.  The concierge are pretty friendly.  They have cucumber water before you walk towards the elevators.  In the lobby, there is a Quiet Lounge, Entertainment Lounge where you can shoot pool, a mini-mart/Starbucks.The room that we stayed in connected to another room and we shared the living room & kitchen with the neccessities, washer/dryer for laundry.  Our room had a tv, queen bed with lots of pillows, a full bathroom with 2 sinks & a nice jacuzzi!  My Xo & I tried the jacuzzi and it was soo relaxing.This place is not too far from the strip.  Theres lots of parking.  I think staying here is good with the family but without the family--you all should stay in the middle of the strip.
3	This HGVC is the oldest of the 3 properties in Las Vegas, and I have come here through the years and just stayed here last week.It is a time share property originally, but since so many of the slots and units are unsold, particularly now with the housing/mortgage/loan/economy debacle (thanks Fanny and Freddie and George and Wall Street!), they usually have units available for Hotel customers. With the condo boom of the past 5 years in Vegas, which has now busted big time, there are a lot of hotel chains who were going into the timeshare business, and now are looking to just fill rooms, like Marriott, Hilton, etc.This one is behind the Hilton Hotel's parking garage, on Karen Avenue, right off Paradise Blvd. The Strip is 2 blocks away, and it isn;t far from the LV Convention Center, where you can catch the Monorail all the way to Mandalay Bay Hotel.What is nice about this 17 story property is there is no casino, so you can rest and relax, go to your room, without having to walk 20 minutes through a large casino floor. Also, because of the travel/timshare slowdown, you can get a nice room for pretty cheap. I got a 1 bedroom suite, which is really a small 1 bedroom apartment, with full kitchen, stove, microwave, dishwasher, fridge, coffeemaker, dishes, glasses, flatware, etc for an extended condo stay. Their is a full living room with sleeper sofa, a dining table with 4 chairs, etc. LCD TV and DVD player. The king size bed was plush with 5 pillows. There was a large, deep  spa-tub with jets, mirrors on 3 walls, and jacuzzi jets for those rambunctious tet a tet interludes for couples. (Dang, I was all alone on this trip!) Or you could have 2 couples stay in this place comfortably, and either take turns in the large tub, or get a little freaky and make it a group rub a dub.The property has good size pool, excersize room, and pool table. The only problem is there is little food. There is a Deli which can make sandwiches, salads, and snacks, but they close early and don't offer regular meals or room service. It's a Condo, so think condo amenities. I got my 1 bdr King Suite for $129 weekdays and $169 weekends. Got my Hilton rewards points, too. If I sat through the 90 minute presentation, I could have earned extra Hilton Honors points, but who wants to do that? So 2 young couples could have paid $65 each.The other HGVC properties are "On the Strip" just across the way on Las Vegas Blvd, and "At the Flamingo" just behind the Flamingo hotel,. I have stayed at 2 of these, and they are similar. Good friendly service (the front desk wears names tags that say "Creators of First Impressions"). Bell service, but no valet. Personally I like the HGVC and other non-casino hotels while in Vegas, because I can go to any casino if I want, but I am not forced to walk through one every time I go out of my room.
4	Just stayed here for a few days for business (close to the convention center!), and it was a good experience.With plenty of space in my one-bedroom suite, it was nice to get away from the glitter and glitz of Las Vegas in a hotel that skipped shoving slot machines in the lobby.The suite itself was nice with a very comfortable plush bed, plenty of pillows (each different sizes to accommodate your neck needs), a decadent spa-style tub and lots of closet and drawer space to tuck away your clothes. Service was accommodating (I was able to check out late on short notice) and nice. The downstairs convenience story was handy, if a bit inflated in pricing.Be aware the wireless can be a bit testy and slow, which if you're on a working trip can be a headache. My coworkers were staying on different floors and we all received different levels of service from the cleaning staff--I never received conditioner or lotion but did receive shampoo, one coworker received all three; I never got a refill on my coffee and had to ask for another instant pack for the coffeemaker, all my other coworkers did receive fresh coffee. Not sure what the deal was there.Still, a nice change of pace from the regular routine in Vegas, very homey-feeling, reasonably priced and easily accessible.
4	Just got back today and was very happy to report that I was extremely pleased! I have stayed at places from the Sahara to the Bellagio. Of course my fav is the Bellagio, but I can't always afford that. I personally think that the Sahara needs to be the next Vegas hotel to be imploded. So on a scale of 1-10, The HGVC is an 8! I was very very pleased with the room. It wasn't as modern as some of the newer hotels on the strip, but provided all that was needed while there. My husband and I stayed in a studio and we had a fridge and micro, which was nice. We saved on some drinking costs and also saved on some late night snacks. It had a comfy bed and a couch. The customer service was awesome and everyone was very welcoming. We were never pressured to look into the timeshare, which was pleasing. We were 7 minutes walking distance from either the Hilton monorail or the Sahara monorail stop. We loved the fact that there was no casino on site, because it was a quiet walk to our room and the place didn't smell like smoke. We also had a chance to go to the pool, which was super relaxing!!! I would go back here again and plan on it!
4	Great hotel for a recent business trip. My quiet room had nice amenities, like a fridge, microwave, real dishes, and a DVD player. Furniture was comfortable and practical. No restaurant, but the deli downstairs met my needs.Had the pool to myself almost every time I used it during my stay.Easy to get in and out of and close to the Convention Center.VERY friendly hotel staff.
2	What a disappointment!  We just got back from a 2 night stay. My husband & I are both Hilton Diamond level members and normally get excellent upgrades...not this time.  A few days before our arrival my husband got an excited voicemail from someone at the property  welcoming us and asking for a return call.  My husband returned the call and when they found out that we would be there for business the tone COMPLETELY changed. They realized that a timeshare sale was NOT going to happen.We checked in and were given (what I later discovered) was the smallest floor plan on the property.  The room was OK but definitely nothing special. So here is the good the bad and the ugly!Staff.... helpful and polite, always greeted when passing byPool... nice pool but three bummers, no misters and there was loud construction on the gazebo adjacent the pool. Depite posters in all of the elevators stating that the pool bar was OPEN it was not.  Thank goodness I had diet coke in my room fridge!Food... no real restauant but a nice little take out cafe with salads, sandwiches etc. Again the cafe staff was quite nice. Housekeeping.... very nice and accomodating but forgot to leave a backup roll of TP, thank goodness for kleenex.Decor...Again OK nothing special. I know that this is a small thing but it really bugged me that there was no garbage can in the bedroom area.One other thing that was irritating is that we got our Diamond Club welcome call at 4:30 the evening before check out. This is the call that is made to assure that everything is satisfactory.  NOT much you can do the evening before we check out.The room was worth the price $71 but I wouldn't stay there again.
3	So we are HGVC time share owners and we have stayed at all of the Vegas properties. I would say that as far as the properties themselves, this would rank in the middle between the Flamingo and he one on the strip. The strip being the best of them all. Don't get me wrong, this is a very nice property and relatively new. The staff is very nice and friendly. The biggest plus for us with these properties is the fact that we have a kitchen. We have an infant and boy does the fact that you can just warm up water when you want to warm the milk bottle just make your life easier. I guess you can get similar amenities at other suite type residence but I have always been pretty happy with the Hilton HGVC. I would recommend this place for families but not for bachelor or bachelorette parties. This is a family oriented hotel. Not really meant for single. Remember, there is no casino on the property. There is the Hilton Las Vegas within walking distance.. maybe 1/2 block away.. Overall, I like this place..
4	My girl friend's mother insisted on having us stay there and I must admit I was not too excited about it or even spending a week in Las Vegas. I had been to Las Vegas on vacation the last two years and was tired of all the glitz and no value for your money. I am not a big gambler but I love good food and entertainment. I like being able to have a few drinks and not worry about driving home. Our check in was the easiest of any time share I had ever used and the staff was by far the friendliest and most helpful. The room was comfortable and adequate and had a nice view. The parking was the best I ever had with a hotel or share rental. The place was quiet, had complimentary wifi, and a nice little store downstairs with convenient hours and you did not have to walk ten minutes or fight crowds to get to it. The monorail was conveniently located a short walk away in the Hilton Hotel. Fremont street is only a $15 taxi ride away. I suppose if I was young and wanted to be in the middle of the action that this might not be the place for me but I'm not and don't. Also I loved being able to use the tennis courts and amenities at the Hilton next door. To me it was like having my cake and eating it too.
3	I stayed at this hotel hoping that it would redeem the disappointment I experienced at the HGVC on the strip.  While the overall experience was better, it was still not what I expected.The room was clean, spacious, and comfortable, just as the other HGVC suite.  It has great amenities (full fridge, stove+cooktop, microwave, dishes, dishwasher, and an in-suite washer and dryer) but is slightly dated.  My room was pretty quiet except for a few late-night movie watchers who were either 600+ years old or just really wanted the surrounding guests to "feel the movie experience..."  Service was much better than the HGVC on the Strip, as personnel called me by name, recognized my diamond status upon check-in, and did not pester me with sales calls.  On the downside, the dated room issue is starting to bother me more and more.  THIS IS VEGAS!!!  Dress your rooms up and impress people!!!!  Don't leave frumpy '80s-style decor sitting around in these rooms!!  Also, the downstairs convenience store is, yet again, overpriced.  The gym at this property is GARBAGE.  The only weights were on a universal machine that appeared to have teleported from 1983 into their fitness room.  Although there were 7 cardio machines, 2 were out of order during my stay, making for some friendly exercising.  Finally, I'll admit:  I was lured here by the triple points rate AGAIN.  As of 2 weeks after my stay, the points still haven't been reported to my account.  In case anyone cares, the difference (what they've conveniently left off) would be enough for a stay at all but the top tier of Hilton's hotels...  Somewhat significant.Plainly put - HGVC has to do better.
4	Our stay at Hilton Grand was pleasant. It's a quiet and easy going resort with pleasant staff. After spending so much time on the strip, this is a pleasant place to come back to. The Hilton (hotel and casino) is only on the other side of the parking so you can walk there if you want to play without driving to the strip. The room was spacious and clean. We had a 2 bedroom suite. The large suite had a larger living room, bedroom with jacuzzi tub, nicely decorated kitchen, washer and dryer and a larger bathroom. The guest room had everything but the jacuzzi and the full kitchen. But since the rooms are joined, we all shared the full kitchen. I've been to other fancier resorts where the pool and other activities were important to me. In this case, it's not as lush as some of the ones I like to go to but who really comes to Vegas for that? As we typically come for shows and gambling, Hilton Grand was a nice clean place to return to after having fun on the strip. I will be back.
5	My parents are members of a time share firm. So when I had a vacation all planned out for a trip to Las Vegas, my mom did some research and was offered this resort as an availability. It is a ways away from the main strip. But I felt that would be a good thing since we were looking for a place that wouldn't be in a congestive area. I'm glad we chose this time share club! We had a smooth check in and was treated like royalty. Our room was very nice! It was like staying in a 2 bedroom apartment with a small fully equipped kitchen, dining area, living room, large master bedroom with roomy bathroom, smaller second bathroom, washer & dryer. The jacuzzi was divine. We had TV in the living room & both bedrooms. We had a nice view of the pool. And located next door (within walking distance) to the main Hilton Hotel/Casino that once housed the "Star Trek Experience". (Sniff, too bad it is no longer there). Anyway, we were conveniently located near the monorail or taxis. It was easy to get to the Vegas strip, Fremont Street, local shopping malls, and to a variety of restaurants. I enjoyed how quiet and private this hotel was. All the staff was friendly and helpful. And there was a convenient little store at ground level that we often made use of for snacks and other items of necessity. They offer free WiFi and had daily group activities. I can't say enough of what a memorable vacation I had here. And would love to return here again someday!
5	I stayed here for 9 weeks and the staff made it feel like home!  Very clean, very quiet, nice place to stay.  Great for kids!
3	At the last minute, I had to spend another night in Las Vegas and the Hilton GVC had a room availalbe.  They are a bit on the smaller side compared to the big Resort Hotels but, good service non the less.  Nice pool which is open late (rare in Las Vegas), A nice Deli / Store (open early and until late) and comp wireless internet in the room.  Overall a nice place to stay...
3	okay, so this review is a little on the late side. I went in mid August 2010. But aye, I'm a busy guy. Great concierge service. Pool area not crowded, which is a huge plus. The suite I got was all the way at the end of the hotel...which was a pain especially during those "drunken" nights. The suite was really nice, however we specifically asked for non smoking and the room smelled like Al Pacino smoked 5 cigars in a row. But besides that everything was great. The location is awesome. Basically a walk away from the venetian, caesars, and pink flamingo. Overall I would give the place a B -I would recommend this place for whom needs a relatively cheaper stay and who cares about location.
5	It's Thanksgiving 2010 - I'm still here - I'm full - my review will be kind.I love this Hilton Timshare! So much better than the one on theStrip. Why?PARKING - free! There is ton of parking in front of the place as wellas a free parking structure.SUITES - Bigger. Now some people complained about the decorbeing outdated but I think it's nicer. The bathrooms aren't too special and don't have the glass upgrades of the other one but it'snice just the same. My furniture is pretty cool. I have a chaise lounge,two pullout sofas and more room to move about. The kitchen is small and for safety reasons the stoves are electric. All the amenitiesare here. POOL - Too cold to take a dip but it's really a nice pool area.DELI - meh, same as expected.LOBBY - Not as grand as the one near Sahara but who cares!??LOCATION LOCATION - Behind the Strip. Quiet, not too remote.Free shuttles to the Strip. I love it.WHAT WENT WRONG -  Filled up the sauna, didn't pay attentionto the fill line (too low) and turned on the jets. SPLISH SPLASH Water went everywhere. The jets shot water up and around thebathroom and wet up the bed. LOL. Housekeeping came and made up the bed with dry sheets. The sink/disposal was a littlebacked up. Quickly repaired. Our oven didn't heat properly. That too was quickly replaced by another stove. :)STAFF - So much nicer than HGVC @ Sahara.As owner we will definitely request this property next Thanksgiving.
4	She's old. Outdated. Cost you less points. Far away from the strip, cab ride or monorail ride needed. Practically the same amenities as the other locations, just old. If you're looking for a place that provides you with the essentials, then this location is the way to go! Rooms are clean, they have the recreation room, store downstairs, pool... Practically all the things that the other locations have. BUT if you're looking for a more modernized feel and decor, then you're better off at the locations on the strip. The TVs are old and NOT flat screen plasmas, you kind of feel like you just stepped into the 90's with the floral patterns in the room. Parking is FREE and not hard to find a spot, no valet. As apposed to the other locations, you have to pay for valet or have a hard time finding a spot nearby.
4	This was perfect for my needs this trip. $119 1bdr suite w/full kitchen and free wifi, large jacuzzi tub in the bedroom, and built-in stacked washer and dryer. I saved a lot of money just going to Von's and cooking in the full kitchen several days, leaving more money for things like entertainment and gambling. Plus, I didn't have to wait for room service or wander through large hotels looking for the right food. Actually, a lot like being home, which was nice. Except it was Vegas, which was nicer. Full maid service is available. Can sleep 4 easily in king bed and queen sofabed. There is a deli downstairs, a pool, common rooms, and pool table and ping pong table. Staff was friendly and accomodating.
3	It's ok, but they need more signs, I think they want you to get lost looking for the convention center! But you can find the casino, restaurants, stores....etc no problem. Kinda funny
2	I've stayed in better.  I thought about what I wanted to get across and that's it.  The Hilton brand is good, an old name with value behind many of their properties.I stayed here because of a convention.  My stay was for 4-days.  I work in hospitality and travel abroad and in the US regularly.  I understand excellent customer service and can tell you now which hotel properties delivered, and who did not.  Not a snob here, LOL, just a consumer who appreciates value and excellent customer service.  The room is great.  I stayed in a 1-bedroom (with adjoining living area, full kitchen and master bath).  It looks like around 400 square feet.  There is NO room service here.  There is NO restaurant.  The closest restaurant is a Hilton Hotel next door.  They do NOT deliver room service.  Although this looks like a Hotel and is marketed as one, it really is more of a time share type of property.  The "Front Desk" staff does not have that "touch" which many 4 and 5-star properties do.  The Concierge?  Forget it.  Awful.  My first night I was curious about dinner, so went down to her desk around 6 pm.  She was bending over putting things in a bag and I said, "Hello, Concierge?"  She looked at me and didn't say a word.  I looked a couple of brochures and she said, "Excuse me, I'm trying to leave...my Husband has been waiting for me for 15-minutes, and I need to get out of here."  Just like that!!!!!!  No, "I'm sorry, how can I help you?" or..."I'm on my way out, what can I do for you?"  No Question!!!  I just stood there for about 3-minutes while she packed her bags.  I just wanted to know where I could order dinner from a restaurant who would deliver.  (Side note, I have called the "Front Desk" and spoke with J. who would not give me her name, which is interesting because he interacted with her today).  NIce...Don't stay here.  I was guaranteed a room at 12:30 when I checked in (a month before-hand) and was not able to check in until 4.  The room wasn't ready.  The Front Desk and Concierge have zero customer service skills, IMHO.  They attempt to run the front desk like a hotel, but I felt as though it were a Youth Hostile.  Sure there was a smile, but the genuine customer service you feel?  Non-existent.  I won't be staying at this property again.  As mentioned, there is a Deli on site.  In fact, when I was asking the front desk (because the aforementioned "Concierge" had to leave), they did all they could to sway me over to the "Deli"...saying, "Well, you can find most anything you need there."  I gave it a shot, and ended up spending $58 on one carton of eggs ($6.50), one 8-oz block of cheese, one small bag of chips (2 oz.), 1 package of lunch meat and 3 bottles of wine (which are $3 at my grocery store in my neighborhood).  Wow.  No, I won't be staying here again. Room and Housekeeping:  4-starConcierge & Front Desk: 1.5-starDeli Customer Service:  4-starDeli Prices: 1-star
4	Yes, this hotel is off the Strip and there's no casino on the premise.  But, as long as you have a car, you're SET.First of all, the one bedroom suite was HUGE.  There was a queen bed and also a pullout couch.  It could easily fit four people, no problem.  The room is also stocked with a full sized fridge, oven, microwave, blender, toaster, utensils, cups, dishes...and my favorite....a cheese grater.  Oh....and there's a WASHER/DRYER in the room!  Hellllo, amazing!Since the hotel is located close to Maryland Ave, that means it's pretty close to the grocery + liquor stores.  My friend and I stocked up on some food (Doritos and cereal bars), drinks (Gatorade) and liquor (Smirnoff).  Plus, it was nice to just grab some takeout and enjoy it in the comfort of a hotel room.  Although small, the pool area is pretty nice for lounging.  There's also a little bar down there where you can grab some drinks.  Apparently, you're not supposed to bring liquor into the pool area, but my friends and I were unaware.  Luckily, one of the bartenders took straight up pity on us and let us in anyway.  (Bless her!)Staff was super friendly (as is the case with most HIiltons).  We were able to extend our checkout time to noon, so that was perfect for a rough Sunday morning. The hotel also has a small convenience store, as well as common area (tvs, ping pong, pool).
4	My boyfriend has a timeshare here so we stayed in a one bedroom suite.  It was my first time in Vegas and I liked that this hotel was off the strip.  They do not have a casino but I do not gamble.  I know what you are thinking...why come to Vegas and not gamble?  I decided to visit Vegas for the ambiance.  This hotel was perfect for that.  Our one bedroom suite was comfortable and it had a living room area with a large flat screen TV,  a large kitchen with a microwave and refrigerator, and a huge bathroom.  We also had a nice view of Las Vegas.  I recommend this hotel if you are not a party animal and just want to take in the sights.
1	This is the WORST place I've ever stayed in Vegas!  First of all, the reservation agent who assisted me would've told me that they were doing construction on the Hotel 'BEFORE" I booked the room. Because had I known this up front I would have NEVER booked this hotel.  They are SO money hungry it's just unbelievable.  Who takes the cost of a room off of your card right away as a deposit before you even check-in...who does that really?  When I checked in, I was told about the construction and given a flyer with the details and I was pissed .... that was the reason "why" I had to get away because I am having renovation on my home.  I immediately started looking for "another" hotel for the next night because I could not tolerate the jack hammering and all the debris coming through the vents.  I have allergies but, this dust that was filtrating throughout the hotel and my room was just entirely too much, my eyes and nose just started running like I was a five-year-old.  When I complained, all the front desk clerk said was that oh, someone else has been complaining about this too.  So, in my mind, if it was me I would have done something to accommodate the guest...  nooooo..not "El Cheapo Grand Vacay Suites" all  they said was sorry and if you find another hotel let us know.  This is a "HILTON" and they should have been more accommodating.  I will NEVER stay @ this hotel again in my life!!!!  The lumpy beds need to be tossed out of the window.  It's  a disgrace how lumpy the mattress was and how the sofa when you sat on it it sinked...sheesee...For this Hotel to have such a "Grand" name it does NOT live up to.  I was extremely disappointed and I felt as if I should have been accommodated or refunded because this is totally unacceptable.Lastly, they charged my credit card three times.... so, today  I spent a great portion of it getting my account credited for the proper amount.  All this drama for "TWO DAYS" stay .... just NOT worth it...I'm glad I was able to get a room at the Stratosphere so that I could have one night of peaceful rest...sheeseee...
4	Stayed here for a week before Christmas. Really nice having a stove, microwave, full fridge, and washer and dryer in the kitchenette. It is a nice facility for the most part. There were a couple of issues - beds sagged where many bodies had clearly been laid (haha double meaning, but I mean sleep). We called housekeeping on our 2nd night because we needed additional towels, they did not arrive. An hour and a half later we called again with the same request. We left an hour after that, no towels. But towels were there when we came back that night. Also, they did not refill our coffee supplies. Only 1 out of 2 coffee makers had filters. Workout area is nice. Pool is very nice, at 80 degrees in winter (it was 50 outside). Nice hot tubs too.
2	Close to the Convention Center and fine dining in the Las Vegas Hotel.  Free parking.  Late making up the room the first day so we nipped in and put our lunch leftovers away and went to a movie.  The second day they were not there by 2 pm so we put the DND sign out and were napping.  Housekeeping actually called, woke us up to ask if they could make up the room as the sign was out.  Not clear on the concept.  Both days no vacuuming happened as crumbs were on the floor from a pretzel spill.  I thought I was tracking in dirt from outside as I noticed my feet were dirty so I showered and cleaned them.   I picked up and put clothes out for the next day and sat on the bed with  my feet up and while I had been walking around they had gotten dirty again.  The carpet was the culprit.  I wiped it with a dry napkin and it got dirty.  I got a damp towel and it got really dirty with out even much of a wipe.  I decided to keep my sandals on when in the room.  Gym was good, to cold to use the pool and spa.  I took pictures so I could show the Hilton how icky it was.
2	A safe but uninspiring hotel not up to my expected Hilton standards.  No resturant (small deli snack bar), no bar.  Concierge couldn't tell me the name of a single resturant in the hotel next door.  The rug was very dirty so that our socks turned black in just a very little time.  I would stay again but it would never be in my top 10 choices in this time.
5	Another great HGVC! My parents are owners here so it has become a home away from home. The one bedroom suites are spacious, sleeping 4 people (a king size bed in the bedrooms and a queen size sofa sleeper in the living room). I love the whirlpool bathtubs. Having a fully equipped kitchen is such a perk. Everything you need in a kitchen is provided for you. A small closet even has a washer and dryer  and an ironing board and iron hidden inside! The tvs have dvd players and cable and there is internet access available. This is really a great suite.Downstairs there is a deli/small overpriced store, game rooms, concierge, and a fitness room. There is an expansive parking lot that gets full pretty quickly at night since a lot of families stay here and turn in early. Even though it's not on the strip, it's within walking distance of the north end of the strip and the monorail. I love it!
4	No valet parking - but a very nicely renovated property - friendly staff, lovely rooms
5	This hotel was a god send. We booked it WAY in advance and sight completely unseen. All we had to rely on were old pictures and reviews from previous guests. Well when we got there it was obvious that it had been recently remodeled and it was amazing. The rooms were absolutely perfect and we used every amenity they offered, from the washer and dryer to the oven.The pool was not your normal Vegas pool and YES there was an older crowd but for us it was perfect. By this I mean that we are not rail thin and walking around half naked. The pool felt like a relaxing getaway and not an overcrowded meat market. The front desk was extremely courteous and was very helpful overall.You cannot beat their rates and it is remarkably close to the strip. We had a rental car for a day and there is an Albertsons 5 minutes from the hotel. We loaded up and didn't have to make a second visit to the store. The deli downstairs is above average and the hot sandwiches are divine. I loved that it was a casino free property because you never felt like an idiot trudging through the casino coming back from EDC looking and smelling like sweat and alcohol.Thank you for making our stay so incredibly pleasant, we will see you again next year.
4	I was concerned when I first booked this spot with my Hilton Grand vacation timeshare points ( i usually try and stay at the Flamingo Hilton Grand timeshare location on the center strip) as it seemed away from all the action, and possibly in a not so good neighborhood, but i was pleasantly surprised. The hotel was smaller then most, making it easy to navigate and if the urge hit me then the LVH hotel and casino was only a two minute walk and you could easily head over there to gamble or hop on the monorail to the strip ( get yourself a three day pass if using the monorail option). The pool area is not as small as it looks in the pictures, and is actually a nice size. I also enjoy that it was not overcrowded even though it was 100 degrees outside. At night I felt safe walking when returning at 1:00am with my wife as both the LVH and Hilton Grand parking lots are both very well lit and you do see other people and security walking or riding bikes around. The rooms were very clean and a good size. The deli was friendly and had some good sandwich and quick meal option. At the end of our trip we were going to print out our boarding passes but the computer was down in the business area so the front desk volunteered to look up our reservations and then printed our tickets for us...they also hooked us up with a limousine ride to the airport for the same price as a taxi.   I would consider staying here again without hesitation if I didn't stay at a casino or my home base at the Flamingo location. Thank you Hilton Grand Vacations at the Convention Center for a good experience.
4	I'm a HGVC member this location is very nice, spacious rooms, clean, updated, and quiet, parking is good. Few complaints I have are the thermostat is set at 68 during the winter I guess so when you're cooking with the oven or stove and the room heats up it gets very stuffy I talked with the front desk but their response was "we know and sorry it can't be changed" so if there are a few people in the room it gets no ventilation I would hope it isn't like that during the summer. Also with as big as this location is the gym should be bigger with only a few machines and tons of guests isn't cutting it, expand the gym would be nice. Otherwise excellent property.
5	Do not go here. You probably won't care for the newly renovated (2012) rooms, the lack of casino smoke, enough distance from the strip to actually have a quiet place to return to............ well, you get the idea, right? (I don't want to see you "discover" how great this "off the strip" location actually is.)I'm a Hilton points member, and used to live in Vegas, years ago. I've been back and forth since the 70's, and have no interest in The Strip, gambling, etc. It's usually business for me. So the closer I can get to an apartment accomodation, the "way better."This particular Hilton Grand Vacation location, over the other two in Vegas, is my favorite stay-over. Best and preferred room is the "One Bedroom Suite." I don't recommend a Studio. They're actually adjacent to, and the "add on" bedrooms, with separate smaller baths, for the Suites.This is more a condo-project than a tourist hotel. I wouldn't call it a resort by any means. While it does have a small market-cafe downstairs, with a rec-room and lounge, it's basically my apartment away from home when I'm in Las Vegas. If you actually look forward to sleeping at the end of a long day........ or night........ and appreciate a full kitchen, living room and nice master bedroom with Whirlpool bath and large bathroom....... than this is your place.For any of you that knew Vegas back in the early 2000's, you might remember the  Hawthorn Sts., behind the Tropicana. It was a converted apartment complex, and got my business for the same reasons I stay at the Karen Avenue Hilton property today. It eventually got way busy, then was converted to time shares. The Hilton on Karen already is a timeshare property....... I just hope it doesn't get any more popular!Stay........ Away........ OK?!  :-)
5	If you've got a car, stay here.Sure the other colossal monolith buildings look better (outside) and have all kinds of trappings inside to boggle the mind.  But this Hilton location has comfort.We had a large setup to share with friends.  Common living room/kitchen, separate fully equipped bedrooms either direction for privacy.  Cool flat screen TVs, a come-get-in-here-with-me jacuzzi tub, comfortable-enough beds.  And fairly quiet.  We were very happy to stay here.  And 3 minutes from turning the car ignition to being on the strip.Downstairs were DVDs and games to borrow, computers to handle plane reservations and such, fairly nice decor, a cafe and coffee shop, an (outdoor, ehhh) pool, and (this is cool) covered BBQ pit area.This time when we visited, it was a tad bit cold for pool fun.  Scheduled to go back in July.  Considering I am a huge heat wimp, I expect to eat, sleep and LIVE in the pool.
4	It is a quiet and quaint place. Parking is just in front of the hotel building. Easy in and out. One step away from the previous Hilton Hotel (now Las Vegas Hotel). There is a mono rail stop at the LVH. Easy access to go to other casinos.
5	It's off the beaten path but the savings are tremendous and the property is new and well maintained. Over on the Strip, you're going to pay double or triple what HGV will charge and the rooms aren't quite as nice. On top of all that, you get HHonors points here.Not only are the prices better than the Strip, but HGV doesn't nickel and dime on WiFi. It's free. You should easily be able to pay for a car rental with your savings (and then be able to explore downtown or go to Summerlin for a little more local flavor) but even if not, the monorail stops right next door at the old Hilton.My only complaint is that the air conditioner can't be set below 68. It's not that it is totally unacceptable but I wouldn't mind turning it down just a couple more degrees at night.
4	Location not far from the strip, but you will need a car to travel if you stay here.  Recently remodeled rooms and lobby area.  Solid hotel at a decent price.  Have stayed here twice already would definitely stay there again!
5	I'm a fan of the pool and cabana's; I had people over a few time and being able to grill outside next to the pool was wonderful. The billiards room was nice and I used that and the theater a few times.
5	We recently stayed here and were pleasantly surprised! This location is not far from the Las Vegas strip (less than a 5 minute drive) however a car is really convenient to have here. That being said, if you don't have a car, you can take the monorail at LVH which is about a 10 minute walk from the hotel.This hotel definitely reminded me much more of a nice condo than a hotel. We stayed in a one bedroom suite on the top floor and it was really clean, completely renovated and best of all, quiet! The suite had an open layout with granite counter tops and stainless steel appliances in the kitchen equipped with bowls, utensils, etc. and a really spacious living room, bedroom and bathroom and free WiFi. I joked with my husband that I could happily live here. Had we stayed here longer, we definitely would have gone to the grocery store and made some of our meals here; this would be a great option for a longer stay in Vegas or if you have a large family or kids.There were two large flat screen TVs in the suite, large Jacuzzi tub (if you're into those) and comfortable king size bed. My favorite though was the bathroom: double sinks, a walk-in shower with excellent water pressure, great toiletries and best of all, very clean.Downstairs there is game room, a small coffee shop, and a pool with a BBQ pit area. Unfortunately it was a bit cool for us to hit the pool but I'd love to come back in the warmer months and take advantage of this nice outdoor area.Unlike most hotels in Vegas, you won't find valet parking (although the parking lot is so huge it is not a problem) and one night we had to request a cab from the front desk since there is not usually a large cab stand outside of this hotel. Would love to stay here again - in addition to a great room, friendly service too - highly recommend!
5	Checked here for 2 nights last week! Me and my family felt so comfortable in the one bedroom suite! With a full kitchen, washing & drying machine, and jacuzzi it's like a home away from home. It's about a 10 minute drive to the strip but it's all good! Will come back!
4	I was here the first weekend in November and was extremely impressed with this place.  I had a 1 bedroom and it was very spacious.  Full kitchen, complete with dishes, cutlery, cups and a dishwasher!  Washer-dryer...beautiful view, but the kicker was the jacuzzi in the bedroom! The staff, price and stay were all great!  I highly recommend!
5	Loved my stay! My aunt and my uncle have a timeshare, and the Hiltons on the strip were booked, so we ended up here at the one by the Convention Center. It was only about 5 minute drive to the strip, it was quiet and very comfortable. We were on the 11th floor in adjoining rooms and it was super comfy! One room had a full kitchen, big frig, dishwasher, dining table, washer and dryer, couches and TV, a separate bedroom and restroom. The other room, which i was in, had a huge, very comfortable soft bed, a tv, couch, table, dresser, closet, kitchenette with small fridge and a bathroom. Bathroom had a tub and nice oversized showerhead for shower. The only things that i would note that was negative was the doors inside the rooms got stuck. The bathroom door would not close correctly and would made a horrid loud sound every time you tried to get out. The middle door adjoining the rooms got stuck too. Other than that,  if you are staying for more than a weekend, this place is really clean and comfortable!
1	That's not a Hilton, it's a cheap hotel at best with a Hilton sign. Very unfriendly desk clerks, no restaurant inside. The rooms are just regular and so was the service. If you step inside the hotel, the first thing you will notice is, it doesn't look like a Hilton hotel at all! We payed US$99 the night thinking that this was a bargain for a Hilton. Big mistake. It wasn't worth that much. I would have payed US$ 40-50 for this hotel, not a cent more.If you want tell your friends home, that you have been staying at "Hilton", then do it. Because this is just about the name. The Hotel itself is just regular, sometimes even worst.I have complained about some things that went wrong when I was checking out. She didn't just care. If you must name yourself "Hilton",  I recommend another name for that hotel:"First Cheap Motel ever licenced by Hilton".So people would know what to expect.
3	this place is nice, its a good price. but you pay that price when you pay around 15 bucks to go to the strip everytime you go then another 15 back so keep that in mind if you want to go to the stripdoesnt have that "vegas" feel when your in the "lobby" but you shoudl expect that herehas a nice cafe and market that pretty much has anything you want or need at an overpriced valuethe hotel rooms are nice though, clean and comfortable. slept like a baby. not my favorite hotel, not the worst. would receomend if your not going to the strip 2 or 3 times a day
5	We stayed here for two weeks in late March and early April 2014. We had a timeshare swap, that gave us a two bedroom unit, the second bedroom provided as a lock off or separate room. We had friends of ours staying with us as guests and this gave them plenty of privacy.Facilities here are good with a small but pleasant swimming pool. Room was well equipped with a bath and shower in the main unit and a combined bath shower in the lock off. Kitchen was well equipped and everything worked and in good condition.Location reasonably handy with a car and mono rail is within 5-10 minutes walk within the main LVH hotel. Good parking nothin the parking building and lot in front.
4	Nice hotel, nice room overall...far walk to the strip and no restaurant on site.  Clean and comfy beds, also very quiet property.  Great choice if you want a good place off the strip and don't mind walking.  Also has tons and tons of parking, I was traveling in a f450 with huge trailer and had plenty of room.
4	Very happy with this place. Our room on the 16th floor has a beautiful view of the Stratosphere. King bed, was large and comfortable. Nice wet bar, mini fridge, quiet on our floor. Couch and TV are a welcome bonus for the pre paid internet price.
4	Great hotel in vegas with very reasonable price. Perfect for the non smoking families. Great pool!!
5	We've stayed here several times and not had a bad experience.  My husband has stayed quite a bit for business and we've also stayed here with our 3 year old.  It's a great place that's nice and quiet as well as family friendly.  The pool is nice with a little barbecue area nearby.  There are also other areas that have pool tables and such so you can just hang out.  I've used the gym area and it's always nice and clean.  The staff is extremely friendly and helpful.  As far as dining, there is a deli that has good food and drinks and doubles as a little mart as well in case you forgot certain items or just need something in general.  Surprisingly, their pizzas are really good, too!  And seriously, if you're looking for a restaurant or buffet you can walk next door to LVH casino and they have tons of places to eat there.
5	Excellent property I have stayed here plenty of times clean rooms, spacious, love the bed/pillows/comfy sheets/blankets. A/C working properly for the hot temp 100+ outside. This does not have a casino just a hop to the LVH next door to gamble, eat, or hop the monorail. I do wish the cafe/store and bar stayed open 24 hrs for us late nighters or those they check-in late and also the pool I understand about the lifeguard but would be nice to go swimming after 10pm especially on hot summer nights.
4	We stayed here for the first time this past weekend.  I was very happy with the hotel - the one bedroom suite was very spacious and clean, parking was convenient and easy.  It was our first time staying at a Las Vegas hotel that was not a casino and I really liked it - no need to walk through a large, smoky casino to get to our room.  We just parked right in front of the hotel and was in our room in minutes.  This was very convenient with our two kids.  Also, it wasn't crazy crowded like the casino hotels and I liked the cashiers at the mini-market, super pleasant and nice.  My only issue with the hotel was that shortly after we checked-in, my kids started jumping on the bed and left dirty footprints on the sheets before I could stop them.  I called the front desk and asked if housekeeping could come and change the bed sheets.  The guy at the front desk said that housekeeping could bring me extra sheets but that I would have to change the sheets myself.  He said that changing the sheets would technically be "cleaning" and housekeeping could not do that.  I thought that was strange.  Maybe it was because it was around 9pm?  But if housekeeping is there and can bring me new sheets, why can't they change the sheets?  I know it was my kids' fault for dirtying the sheets, but I would think a hotel with better customer service would just have had housekeeping change the sheets for me.  It was just weird.  But even with that issue, I would stay here again.
1	During my three night stay at the hotel, we had to have the toilet fixed because it ran continuously.  Then the next night at 2:30 am, raw sewage came up through the kitchen sink and spilled onto the floor and some of our belongings.  Needless to say, the hotel manager switched us into a new room. He was very professional and apologetic  In the new room, the refrigerator was not working.  They credited us $50, which barely covered the cost of the food that was contaminated by sewage.  I was disappointed that the management didn't take better care of us considering what all went wrong.  Be prepared for a soft bed.  The pool looked nice. Internet was patchy. I don't think there is a restaurant.
5	Love this place, great for kids, families, and people that already know Vegas. Love the location, just an all around good vibe.  it's off the strip, but just around the corner. Step outside for peace and no drunk people and walk 10 minutes if thats what you're looking for .  Rent a car so you can fully enjoy the experience. It will be cheaper than  renting cabs. If you're coming for a week the casinos and strip gets old but Vegas has many other things to do.  The full kitchen is great, the grill is   awsome and everything is really clean . Do your homework and don't end up in a tourist trap.The staff is awsome and friendly. Shout out to Robert the bartender and Lori in housekeeping. They were both happy and courteous and seemed to like their  jobs, that tells me a lot about a  place. If you know how to travel , you'll love it here.... not for 20 something  drunk people :)
4	The hotel is absolutely beautiful. It's conveniently located in between the strip & the Las Vegas motor speedway (we are here for the electric daisy carnival). No continental breakfast which is lame. Overall great staff, beautiful two bedroom suites, felt pampered the whole week.
3	Location is good although a bit removed from the action of the strip or downtown.  The rooms are small and the bathroom is the size of a closet.  The thermostat didn't allow you to turn the temp below 68 degrees.  The staff was helpful and the room was clean.  The parking was easy and made access to the hotel much quicker than in many other hotels.  All in all, the room is good--especially given that you shouldn't be spending much time in the room in Las Vegas anyway.
5	We stayed at this hotel this weekend and all I can say, it was amazing. I will definitely stay at this location again. Karen at the front desk has that friendly demeanor. She is awesome. If you want that privacy and away from hip crowd from the strip, this should be your place. Highly recommend!
5	I have now stayed here twice and enjoyed it both times.  It's great for business and the staff were friendly.  The room is nice, clean and comfortable.  All staff, especially Leanne and Christine were so helpful with something requested from me 3 week after my stay and I could not ask for better customer service.  I would recommend this place to anyone especially if you are attending the convention center and need something close and not overly priced like you would find on the strip.  I will be back :)
5	This place is fantastic. The rooms are very well appointed, very neat, and feel very new. The bed was very comfortable. The bathrooms are clean, spacious, and well appointed. The Jacuzzi tub is a fantastic touch. For travelers staying for a while, the washer dryer in each room is also fantastic. Kitchen a very big plus.
3	Travelling with kids in Vegas is possible with non-casino hotels like the Hilton Grand Vacations. The two-bedroom suite that we booked could not have been more perfect considering there was a total of two families on this trip. 1st bedroom suite had its own little counter kitchen, a bathroom, king size bed, and a queen size pull out sofa bed. This was adjoined to the next door one bedroom suite with a separate living room area which also had a queen sofa bed, a dining table for 4, and a full kitchen with bar seating. The bedroom was separate with a king bed, a jacuzzi tub inside, and a bathroom which had a clear glass door for the shower area. This bathroom was accessible from the outside living room with the door situated next to the washer and dryer closet. The convenience of having all that I mentioned is really great and very much appropriate for our party. I've also been to establishments similar to this and those places don't offer room cleaning during your stay, much to my pleasant surprise, the HGV offers this daily service. Definitely a plus!However, I do have some complaints. We found lipstick stains on their water pitcher upon checking in and water leaks when you're in the shower out to the bathroom floor where the sinks are. Yes, while the shower door is shut. The rooms are smaller compared to Tahiti Village so it feels a bit cramped especially when the sofa bed is already pulled out. The hallway to the elevators on the ground floor has a foul smell, not sure if it's from the gym next door but I always find myself holding my breath when I'm walking in that area.It's nice that they have a pool but it's visible from the parking lot and for people walking in and out of the hotel. There's a small mini mart for general conveniences just across the elevators while a game room is one of their amenities that's always in use each time we passed by it. Parking is free and never without.
4	Great hotel that's non-casino, quiet and non-smoking. Easy to get to one block off the strip and Sahara. Rooms were nice and well appointed. Fridge and sink good for storing food and drinks. Lots of parking available.
4	My first time here at this location. Hannah the front desk personnel checked us in. She and the maintenance guy( should of asked for his name) was all smiles and welcoming. She did informed us upon checking in that the wifi internet is out of order and being worked on. Thank goodness for the business center its huge, clean and well equipped with the latest tech. I was able to print my Shania Twain Tickets yippee!! ( Her show was Amazing). I like that the elevators only allow access with room key entry to any floors. We were on the 16th fl. King bed suites/ kitchenette microwave and fridge. Kitchen stocked with utensils, plates, cups and mugs. It came in handy when we had to heat leftovers. Our room was perfect, our stay was excellent all the staff ( except the three concierge personnel ) we encountered acknowledge our present with a smile and greetings during our two nights visits. Two of the three concierge carried on with their conversation never once looked to see if any of us who waited in line needed assistance? Overall a great hotel and wonderful friendly staff.
3	Awesome property, bur the first night our room smelled like onions & ketchup.. Tonight it smells like fish sticks. We want to move but nothing is happening. Lame!
4	My first time here at this location. Hannah the front desk personnel checked us in. She and the maintenance guy( should of asked for his name) was all smiles and welcoming. She did informed us upon checking in that the wifi internet is out of order and being worked on. Thank goodness for the business center its huge, clean and well equipped with the latest tech. I was able to print my Shania Twain Tickets yippee!! ( Her show was Amazing). The entertainment room Awesome! We had the room to ourselves its cleaned and well organized with the latest movies DVD selections. I like that the elevators only allow access with room key entry to any floors. We were on the 16th fl. King bed suites/ kitchenette microwave and fridge. Kitchen stocked with utensils, plates, cups and mugs. It came in handy when we had to heat leftovers. Our room was perfect, our stay was excellent all the staff ( except the three concierge personnel ) we encountered did not acknowledge our present with a smile and greetings during our two nights visits. Two of the three concierge carried on with their conversation never once looked to see if any of us who waited in line needed assistance? Overall a great hotel and wonderful friendly staff...
