5	I've enjoyed a few trips to this establishment, picked up a few old family favourites and picked up good quality scottish made gifts (not the cheap tac you find in some shops nearby), for friends visiting from abroad. The owners were very helpful and very knowledgeable about the products they sell
4	A great purveyor or Scottish produce, in their small chilled section they have some of the best things yould hope to find at the farmers market available on a daily basis, including some of my absolute favourites, Great Glen Game, Summer Harvest Mayo and Arran cheese:)Well worth a visit for any foodie :)
5	I love this wee place on the Royal Mile. It's a definite go-to for gifts for foodie lovers/non-Scots or for wee treats. As Jurgen D says, it stocks the quality small supplier/artisan produce you expect to find at a farmer's market & you don't need to wait til the weekend or get up early :)There's now a wee section devoted to gluten free produce which is great to see.The staff are friendly and helpful & they often have events on which you can find out about on their twitter feed.But best of all, they now have an ice cream counter.
4	This is the best place to find high-quality Scottish foodie gifts and produce. Everything they sell is produced in Scotland and of the best quality, and prices reflect that but it's often worth it! They have lovely shortbreads, jams, chutneys, whiskies and even cheeses and refrigerated fresh items. In addition, a great perk for locals is that they pick up fresh breads from the Manna House bakery (for the same price as the Manna House!) and it is so convenient to be able to buy good quality fresh bread on the Royal Mile. I'd highly recommend popping in here for gifts or for things for yourself!
4	Having been in Edinburgh for quite a few years, I don't really check out shops on Royal mile but this is a must-see place if you're looking for a special treat, rather than the standard tourist tat! The staff can help you out making a difficult decision for a gift or treat among a great selection of items - All manufactured in Scotland. I was introduced to award winning products (Great taste 2013) including venison salami (which I had to buy for home consumption!) and smoked almonds, which everyone must try at least once!!You will find a very good selection of craft beers, cheeses, awesome garlic pesto dip, oat bakery, pottery and other high-quality items! As my fellow Yelp friend Jamie said, "It's somewhere you'll find great quality, authentic products, unique gifts and souvenirs all in one place."For sure, I'm going back to Cranachan & Crowdie for more! ;-)
5	We went here on the Eat Walk Edinburgh tour, and went back after to get some Scottish goodies! Anne and Fiona were very informative on the tour. They actually work with local business to create new goods for their stores. On the tour we tried some Venison which is top rated in the UK. We also tried some Sherpa blue cheese and Clava cheese. The best part for me was the oatmeal crisps! They were like crackers but not at crunchy.I ended up buying some Charlotte Flower chocolate. It has smoked sea salt in it! This was an idea one of the owners of the store had. If you are in Edinburgh for a quick trip, make sure to hop on here for some Scottish goodies.
5	I had the pleasure of living across the street from this shop for two glorious September weeks. A day didn't go by when I wasn't in to buy fresh bread, a chutney or marmalade, Scottish tea, some of the best cheeses Scotland produces, oatmeal bars for hiking snacks, frozen ready-meals that tasted home-made for dinner, a bottle of Scotch for a wee dram, or my daily portion of shortbread.The owners are delightful, diehard foodies and know their stuff. This is the only shop I found in Edinburgh that sells all locally sourced products. In addition to giving me daily sustenance, I was able to buy all my presents there for folks back home. My niece is still raving about the handmade shortbread!
