5	Great service and the quality of work is fabulous!
5	Yes im a dude that luvs gettin a pedi. And this place gets 4 thimbs up (ny big toes are the other 2)!! Im a athlete and the bottom of my feet get a lil crusty. Well i leave prestige feelin made over lol
3	Long wait time and the technicians seem to be in a hurry to finish the job. They don't do much of a foot massage in comparison with the other nail salons I have gone to. And yes if you are interested in getting a design done on your nail, most technicians don't know how to do it or are confused about the prices.
4	I have been going here for years!  Love the place.  They know my daughter and I by name.  Always do a fun design on our toes and are very friendly.  I have gotten to know most of them by name and hear about their kids.  Family run place and everyone pitches in.  Going back tomorrow!!
5	Nancy is AH-MAZING for pedicures!!! I am 8+ months pregnant & came here as I was no longer able to see/reach my toes. Nancy took her time to make my toes beautiful, relax me and to make me feel like I was at a resort spa. I will definitely be back to see Nancy!!
4	I've been here twice with no appts. Both times with my mother in-law and they've always done a good job. The techs always made sure we were comfortable.Atmosphere is relaxed and we normally come during the mornings so its not busy or loud in there.
1	The first time I came here I got pretty good service. The second time I came back the guy who did my nails was very nice. He even attempted a design I found on Pinterest. The design came out okay. But when I got home I noticed my thumb had a ridge in it. By the next morning two other fingers had cracks in the gel. I went back the next day to ask to have it fixed. They agreed to fix it. But another guy came over and basically blamed it on me for asking them to do three coats. I had no idea it doing three coats would make it to thicken crap. You would think that something they would tell you when you ask for three coats. Anyhow they fixed it for free but the looks I got from all the people who work there is enough to make me not come back. It wasn't just the looks I got, I had the feeling they were all talking about me even though I can not understand what they were saying.
5	This is my favorite nail salon. They offer a wide variety of cool designs you can pick from, and have even done a few custom designs for me. There is usually no wait, and even if it is, it is worth it. The prices are reasonable and everyone is very friendly. Donny has done my nails the last few times, and he always does an excellent job. My sister wanted to treat me to get my nails done at her favorite place, and they did a horrible job, my gel manicure had bumps in it... I immediately came to Prestige and they fixed my nails no problem! I should know better than to go to anywhere else.
5	This is my favorite nail salon. They always do such a nice job and I always get complements on my nails. I think they use higher quality materials than some of the other salons I've tried because the product never lifts or discolors. For me this last one is a biggie because I like the pink and white french look and my nails always look great whether it's been two weeks or almost four!
