4	I always stop at Walgreens at least once on every trip to Vegas.  This location is the closest to the north end of the Strip and is convenient if you are staying at the Wynn, Treasure Island, or Venetian.  It's on the Wynn side of the street if you are headed downtown, probably about a 10 minute walk from that hotel.  It's a great place to pick up snacks, drinks, sunscreen, etc. or anything else you need without paying the inflated hotel gift shop prices.  It's never that crowded and there are some cheap souvenir shops and liquor stores right around it.  There's also a big parking lot right out front if you are driving.
4	I remembered Walgreens from 2005. This place has everything including vegas souvenirs. Liquids are market price instead of hotel prices @$3. We were going to stock up except we were on foot on our way to Bally's for a show. Minus 1 star for the route there. We were on the construction side for awhile and it was single file and dusty. Once we crossed the street, we were accosted with sounds of flapping cards advertising nude girls. There was a parking lot of stalls selling crap and car rentals...or was it a picture op with some cars? On the way back on that same side, we came upon this tent thing selling more crap. They have one by Wynn and another one may be opening up elsewhere on the strip.
4	A must stop before staying at the surrounding hotels for necessities such as water, soda, snacks, sunscreen etc.  In addition they have a whole section for souvenirs.  They don't have the normal Walgreen sales but beats sundry store prices.I suggest planning a pit stop around this store for a cold drink or even an Icee in 6 flavors.They also had a whole section for photo developing.We stopped twice over 2 days and both times although they were busy it was still quick.
4	I have to say aside from the hotels and casino's, Walgreens has scored themselves some prime real estate. Plus open for business 24 hours, smart move!They have everything (except alcohol) you need that you forgot to pack and everything, while still vegas priced, listed less than hotel prices.
5	Photo Center has exceptional Customer Service!During my visit to Las Vegas I made several trips to Walgreens Photo Center near our hotel, to clear my memory card. Each visit was nothing short of the best. Mike offered GREAT service and showed an interest in answering any questions. His level of performance exceeded my expectations.I'm sure I'll get a reality check, once I return to Chicago Walgreens, especially the Stoney Island location. Back to the lazy workers, who walk by, as not to see me waiting at the Photo Counter.
4	Clean and convenient public restroom on the strip, you don't have to walk through 9 miles of mall or casino to find it.  Just sayin', keep it in mind...
1	AVOID ALL the Walgreens on the Strip!! They are nothing but TOURIST GOUGING BUSINESS'S & not your neighborhood store you may be accustomed to. For Example: I went into this store & brought my Arizona Iced Tea & pack of .99 cashews to the register & told the clerk "The Iced tea is on sale this week". She then asked if I had the coupon. I told her NO & asked her dont you have a Sales paper for this week?" She answered "NO."WTF?!! I then pulled out a reciept I just happened to have from a store I was at on Maryland blvd & showed it to her explaining that I DID NOT have a coupon then either and the store had a sales paper to accomodate me. She said she couldnt help me. I told her get the mgr.The mgr came and explained that I needed to have a coupon. I showed her my reciept and told her I've NEVER heard of a Walgreens that didnt have a sales paper to accomodate customers and went on to say QUITE LOUDLY that all they were doing was "gouging tourist" by not honoring their weekly sales paper or making it available.I left and will NEVER solicite any of these STRIP stores ever again & I will be venting with Walgreens mgmt via the 1800-763-0547 number.Avoid these STRIP stores at all cost!!
2	Just your average Walgreens store, with much higher prices.On a Las Vegas business trip, this was near my hotel. After sleeping, watching TV, and eating "all you can eat sushi" for the most of the afternoon and evening, I quickly ran over here to ensure I had breakfast and snacks for the week. Actually, I didn't run. I sort of walked and stopped every once in a while when I was short of breath. Anyway, I purchased premade turkey sandwiches, Little Debbie Swiss Cake Rolls, Pringles, bottled water, Gatorade, chocolate covered pretzels, and yogurt covered raisins. Clearly, I am training hard to make millions as a football player. I am on the JaMarcus Russell diet.In the end, I don't understand how this Walgreens feel it can sell certain items at ridiculously high prices that border on criminal. Seriously, why is prostitution is against the law in Las Vegas, while rape is so clearly legal.
4	Prices are pretty high but it is on the strip. A good relief from the sun.
1	Extremely high prices, shop at Target or Costco versus these rip offs!
1	This Walgreens is on a power trip.  I've never had any problem in Nevada or Vegas for that matter buying alcohol with just one ID but for some reason this Walgreens requires two.  Don't tell me it's state law when NO ONE else has EVER required it.  I am well over the age of 21 and am appalled at the way I was treated.  Regardless of whether I had an ID or not, I could have very easily just relined up and made another purchase of alcohol without the second person in line and Walgreens would have had to sell me the liquor.  Seems like some rude ass behavior for Walgreens.  I can buy hookers in nevada but I cant buy alcohol? Yea. GET OFF YOUR POWER TRIP WALGREENS
1	Very rude people.  My son picked up a snow globe which then broke in his hand. The assistant manager then asked to pay and refused to write an incident report.  Didn't care that we had glass on him.
3	Convenient location for us since we were staying at Encore. Stopped by because we realized we forgot to pack our Allegra! Other than the location it's just your regular Walgreens.
3	Cleanliest Walgreens bathroom out of all VEGAS on the strip at least.
3	Daaaaayum, everything is expensive. The only things that weren't were the souvenir shot glasses in the middle aisle for .99 haha. Sigh haha.
4	I prefer Walgreens for shopping on the strip, rather than CVS.
1	Terrible service, waited 10 - 15 minutes for someone to show up at pharmacy and she was the most disgusting, nasty and inhospitable person I have ever encountered in my life.  Also bums hanging out at front door asking for money and when you do not give them money they curse at you, what a disgusting, nasty, awful place!
4	prefer Walgreens for shopping on the strip, rather than CVS.
3	I had to just double check my receipts to make sure we're all talking about the same Walgreens. Yes, this is the one. This store is just north of all the hustle from the busy Strip itself. I drove here from The Quad almost every other day for my cigarette fix. Until I realized a few days later there is a very nice larger Walgreens right next to The Venetian which was closer to me. I don't know really, it's a Walgreens which came in very handy on my first day in Vegas after realizing I forgot some things back home. I wouldn't walk to this location from where I was staying though. There are also other shops surrounding it which are more affordable than your usual tourist traps down the street, e.g., Dennys, Ross, Liquor Store, Souvenir Stores.
1	Worst management ever!  Prices at the items don't match at the registers, and management wont adjust or honor ticket price. The store manager didn't even bother to come out of his office to talk to me even after I requested to talk to him, zero customer service! Avoid this place if you can! They will cheat the tourists and ignore the locals!
