5	We had excellent service, was very impressed with the organization our server showed. The food was wonderful, very fresh and cooked to perfection. Our Son loved it and said he will be going back with his friends.
4	If you see my rating do not be under the impression that I disagree with Renee P. However, I must say that there were quite a few good experiences at this place that compensated for the broccoli side-dish that never arrived.The 20 minute wait during the peak dinner hour was spent in observing the flurry of activity in the kitchen. They have an open kitchen floor-plan that keeps the restaurant abuzz. I have to mention Keith in this review, the recent import from New York who is still getting used to the lack of public transport in Phoenix. He along with his fellow waiting-staff members seemed to be full of good cheer. In fact one even sang a little Italian opera for the birthday girl at the next table.They started us off with Tuscan bread and Italian butter (olive oil, ground pepper and parmesan cheese). The Penne Rustica was average but the Chianti Steak was absolutely delectable. For dessert the Italian sorbetto is a must try. I'm certainly going back for the other stuff that looked interesting on the menu. I hope I get my broccoli side the next time I am around.
5	I could just eat the bread and that would be enough to give this place 5 stars. Yumm. Typically we end up with the "Make your own pasta" option. Its pretty cool. Their garlic and olive oil sauce is really awesome. They call it Italian butter. This is not the most authentic italian food you will eat but it is a pretty close and darn good option for us Amreekans. The service...aahh the service.  Service is always average at any Macaroni Grill that I have been to. Well its great sometimes which prompts us to give the waiter/waitress a 30% tip...whereas most other times it is average...when they end up with maybe a 7% tip. If you go on your birtday, they will bring you out a free slice of cake with a lit candle in it and then sing you "Happy B'day" in opera style. It is a cool experience. After you are done eating at Macaroni Grill...one thing is for sure. You will be full and satisfied. Just my kinda dinner.
4	I come here often, I love the food and most of the people who work here. I did go recently with my family for my sisters birthday and the waiter (who was super cute and friendly so I could forgive him) kept leaning over my mother to pass the plates, which is; in this respect irritating. Also our food did not come out for a full half hour and when we finally got it, the food was super cold and I don't mean just the edges of it. we had the management come over and he apologized and prepared the meals all over again. He also much to our surprise gave us the whole meal free and a gift certificate to come back. That was a little much I think he didn't really need to do all that, but the effort was much appreciated. Please keep in mind this is a busy and popular place. You are best off going when it's a casual date and you have time to spare. I usually go for business meetings that require more talking than eating.. or with my family.
3	Second Macaroni Grill visit in less than two weeks... can't get enough of a good thing or glutton for punishment?Somewhere in the middle.This place always sounds good when you're starving, and last night was no exception. It's average as usual. The service was great, and that makes a big difference to us. The food was adequate. I did note that they rebranded their menu since last time I was there to indicate that they've updated their recipes on many dishes. So, if you have written off Macaroni Grill based on the recipes, it might be worth giving them another try.
2	The new menu offerers a some interesting choices that are not the standard fair at a chain Italian reastraunt. This location usually has a short wait to get seated. On my last trip to this location I had a fairly typical experience. I ordered the Parmesan crusted sole, that comes with a risioto. I get the lemon butter sauce on the side as it can be quite heavy. The dish is a fairly decent dish however my food was only warm when it made it to the table and each fillet was not fully crisp on both sides. Service at this location seems to be a frequent issue. again we were st at a table that had no assigned waitress. They were out of table cloths, some other server had already written their name on the table and the olive oil for bread dipping was pre-poured and collecting dust. Drink refills were slow and we had to ask to get pepper on our salads. Again service for bread drinks and the check was slow.
5	If I wasn't in public th my wife giving me the eye I would have licked the plate!!!!! A little pricey but awesome sauce!
4	Macaroni grill is great for to go ordering.  They are fast and always ready with my order when I get there.  Also a great atmosphere in the restaurant.
3	So, i went to this place and i gotta tell you now that i love italian food i had a very good waiter who was very nice and ambient so i ordered a ceaser salad and Chicken Cannaloni. before our food came we specifically said to not bring our food until we had finished our salads...and they still made that mistake so we sent it back until we finished. that was the only downside as far as service goes...my chicken cannaloni was good but i expected more food for the price but it was scrumptous.
2	Things took a turn for the worse.The evolving menu means that even the few veggie options like the mushroom ravioli even have meat broth in the sauce. The couscous that comes with the sole is flavorless compared to the old orso, and the other grilled fish dishes are just small.I wanted to have a creaser salad with my meal at 6pm  but they were out of salad, and they were not even busy.New menus and poor ordering by management mean I wont be back here too soon.
3	09/09/102.5 stars!I'd acquired a gift card, so we decided to have an early dinner here before catching a show at AMC.  I asked if complimentary bread was available.  The server said it was, and would we like some olives w/ it?  "Sure!," we chimed.  Rosemary focaccia w/ olives tasted wonderful, although the olives were, naturally, very salty.  Were we told that the olives would cost extra, we probably would've passed on the suggestion (since my Mom isn't gaga over olives due to their saltiness).  I'd recently added eggplant to my diet, so I was on an eggplant kick.  We therefore had to try the eggplant parmigiana, which came w/ capellini pasta and a side salad.  I also wanted to try their spinach salad w/ blue cheese.  I don't know, but whenever I read "candied walnuts" in an entree's description, I just have to order it!The side salad was a lot bigger than any side salad I've ever encountered before; it was big enough to satisfy us until the main entree arrived, but there was the extra insalata blu to contend w/.  It was good, but we both favored the side Caesar salad.  The dressing was just perfect for the amount of greens present.  The eggplant parmigiana was a big disappointment!  My first two bites were a mix of eggplant, pasta, and cheese, and I found the combo to be very bland.  I then tried the eggplant and the cheese on its own, and I was dumbstruck to find that the eggplant tasted like the cheese, and vice-versa!  Even the pasta tasted the same as the veggie and the cheese.  I tried the part where the server added parmesan cheese, and there was no added flavor there, either!  Since I did not find satisfaction w/ the entree, I started craving for something sweet-- the vanilla gelato w/ strawberries was the answer :)  Mom didn't care for this dish, but no worries!  More for me!!The best thing out of our experience at Macaroni Grill that afternoon was that when the main entree was delivered, our server had automatically split the entree onto two plates WITHOUT OUR HAVING TO ASK!  This simple act impressed us both and garnered this review an extra star :)I'd like to give MG another chance, but w/ so many great non-chain Italian restaurants in the valley, I'll find it hard to justify going back so soon.
3	took my daughter for her bday. to start off the bread wasnt sliced and was salty, rigatonys bread is way better.  the appetizer was very good stuffed mushrooms with crab.  the food is very pricey but worth it compared to the portions they serve you, one portion can serve my entirely family. the pasta is imported which makes a big difference to me. I got a pasta with mushroom chicken and garlic sauce which was excellent. I would go back.
1	I don't if there is way to give 0 start to this particular macarono grill location, before ordering Mushroom Ravioli, I asked waitress if this is totally vegetarian, she said yes. When she served, there was a big peice of chicken on top of it, i asked her what is it ? she say's it's just a big piece of rvaioli, i looked carefully with a fork, and it was chichken, she took it back, and brought a fresh one, and it tasted horrible.I saw manager roaming around here and there, but he looked totally useless, no one came to apologize to us....Waitress asked if we wanted more bread, we said yes, and that bread never came.....I WILL NEVER EVER GO TO THIS MACARONI GRILL LOCATION, TOTAL RIP OFF
2	I really like the Macaroni Grill in San Mateo, CA.  Thinking that a Macaroni Grill is a Macaroni Grill, I went to this location with my wife soon after we moved out to the Phoenix area.Uh, ok.  Looks like a Macaroni Grill is NOT a Macaroni Grill.  This one didn't impress me.  I liked the bread, but the pasta was pretty well the pits.  It wasn't inedible, but it really wasn't very enjoyable either.I grew up on pasta and have had pastas from the finest homemade style, to jarred store-bought sauces and cheap noodles.  This was getting towards the bottom.It's hard to ruin pasta.  This MG comes pretty close.  With so many other pasta places to visit around the Valley, it's unlikely we'll be back.
5	I know, I know, this is a chain but it's good and they got it right!Great food, they have some lighter options for ya'll that are interested in the calories. Great bread and olive oil. Service has been consistently good.  It's spot is a family favorite.
3	Macaroni Grill is a nice casual place.  We've been here a few times.  Today they had a coupon special for the "Choose 2 Combination", so we went.The service was really good.  Waitress was attentive, and the manager stopped by twice.Their bread is very good.  Much better than Olive Garden's bread sticks, for example.  And they serve it with olive oil and pepper (optional).We both got the "Choose 2".  It was a good portion for lunch.  I had a soup that was basically a very good tomato soup, and the pomodoro pasta (no meat).  Plus I ordered a side of meatballs.  Very good stuff.  My wife had a special salad (had a balsalmic), and the chicken option in the "choose 2".  She really liked them.I'd say they're a tad pricey, but not bad.  And the food is very good for a chain restaurant.  Better than most similar places.
5	this macaroni grill location has been closed down. i worked for the company for a few years and most of the staff knew it was coming. a menu overhaul and an AWESOME new general manager came in a few months before the close, which made me have a little hope; however it seems that word had gotten out that the ahwatukee location wasn't particularly great.there are plenty of other valley locations that seem to have quite a high volume of customers; arrowhead, mesa, and golddust (scottsdale). i would have loved to transfer but too much of a drive for me!the spaghetti bolognese will always be my favorite. if they ever bring back the panna cotta, be sure to try it!
