4	We came here today for a bubble tea and I really enjoyed the whole place. The atmosphere was nice - a nice mix of cafe & lounge, with lots of tables, some couches, a foosball table, computers and other video games. There were lots of people sitting around chatting or playing cards. There was pop music playing in the background at a good volume. I ordered a large almond green milk tea with tapioca ($4.50), a stewed egg (tea egg)($1) and fried buns (2 for $2). My friend got a large mango creme ($3.50).Okay first, a large drink is freaking huge. My bubble tea came in this gigantic glass mug that felt comically large. A small would have been more than enough for me. It was a damned good bubble tea though. Well blended, very little ice (so many bubble tea places fill their glasses to the top with ice, and give you so little actual drink, which drives me crazy) and very tasty. You get lots of tapioca. I had a sip of my friend's drink and it was also really good - fruity and creamy.The food was fabulous. The tea egg came sliced up with hoisin sauce for dipping. I've never had tea eggs with dipping sauce before but it was a really good combination. The egg itself was flavourful and well made. No pretty marbled pattern like I'm used to, but the flavour was perfect. I wasn't sure what to expect with the fried buns, since there was no description on the menu. They're sweet dough which is rolled into a spiral, like a small cinnamon bun, then deep fried. The buns were delicious - sweet and crispy and not too greasy and they were served with evaporated milk as a dipping sauce, which seems a bit odd but really works perfectly. Service was pretty good. The guy who served us was pretty quick and food arrived in good time. He forgot my water the first time around but brought it shortly after and was quite apologetic about how long it took, which really wasn't very long at all. Definitely a nice place to chill with friends and have a bite to eat.
4	I randomly came across L2 Lounge in the summer of 2008.  It's located in Chinatown on a 2nd floor.  We were surprised to see how many kiddos were hanging out there.  They're even there on school days!  It has a rec room / game center atmosphere combined with a bubble tea cafe.  The teas are decent, but my friends & I simply go there for the Naked Photo Hunt.  We can play that game all day long.
4	This lounge is definitely the place to be any night of the week.  The teas and snacks here are great and the service is fast. You get to see the latest and greatest crazy Asian hairstyles and there are almost 100 different types of teas to choose from.  My favorite are their shaken frothy teas, because many places do not have them.  I love all of the different kinds, but still go back to the black milk shaken tea most often.When walking around Montreal Chinatown at night, look up on the upper floors to see which places would be the most fun to go to.  You will quickly see that this teahouse is the busiest of all.  I should have taken more photos, maybe next year.For some reason the Foosball table here is quite popular.
4	Given the fact that I used to work there, now that I know the behind-the-scenes of the BBT making, I know why people keep coming back.For the slushies, they use fresh fruits, and they have a huge selection of them. You can always ask them if they can make a particular Asian drink (i.e. "red bean ice"), they'll tell you they'd try, and voila! A new drink just for you. The people there are always friendly and extremely efficient. Definitely worth your time.
5	Best bubble tea. Very sweet though so I would recommend less syrup. Bring your friends and play Foosball here too!SO GOOD
4	Their bubble tea is AMAZING. 5 star for the bubble tea! I have been to so many bubble tea places over the years and this is simply the best. The large size (if you sit-in) comes in these gigantic beer cup-like glasses filled with the most refreshing drink. They offer fresh fruit options (e.g. Taro, Mango) which are so refreshing and yummy (not as sweet and artificial as powder based ones). All of the ones I have tried so far are very very good, green apple, lychee, pineapple, honeydew, strawberry, taro. They also have an extensive variety of other drinks including tapioca, smoothies, etc. They also offer hot bubble tea - great enjoyment even in the winter. The staff is just very efficient, they are always swamped with tons of customers (both sit-in and take-out) and the speed of them making bubble tea is just amazing, never had to wait for more than a few minutes. If you sit in, you can sit there for as long as you want after ordering. Their food (although not anywhere near authentic) are actually pretty tasty. Definitely an excellent hangout place for friends, the lounge is sizable with many tables and chairs and filled with young, vibrant people (I'm in my 20s and sometimes I feel like I'm the oldest there), although it could get crowded when the weather is not freezing. My only complaint is that the music is way too loud after a while and you can't hear yourself talk when crowded, but I think that's expected of lounges.They open around 1:30 pm prompt, being there early = wait.
4	I always go for a Mango bubble tea! Pay about $4.25 after tax! One of my favourite places for bubble tea! I also often get the fried banana! it's really good!
4	Even the bubbles are made to perfection! Chewy, soft and sweet, they are the perfect size and gummy consistency. Get a bubble tea (with juice) on the sour side (pineapple, green apple) and the contrast in flavor between the tea and bubbles is delicious.
5	After years of trying out their different bubble tea flavors and styles, I decided to give their banana tapioca a try. And wow, it is just as good if not better than their already perfect bubble tea. The tapioca is soft and chewy while the flavor of the banana is soothing, light and gives off this heavenly scent at the same time. Ah, perfection. They truly deserve a 5 star just for their mastery of these delicious wonderful drinks.
2	I have been to this place twice and both times I have had the avocado bubble tea smoothie, which is very good. The bubble tea here is tasty and reasonably priced. The service on the other hand is horrendous. So my rating:Drinks 4/5 starsService 0/5 starsI went to L2 tonight and I can honestly say, this is the worst service I have experienced ever in my entire life. I cannot comprehend how anyone can treat a costumer that way. I was with a group of 4 other people and L2 was packed. We went to the cashier and ordered 5 drinks (they were out of pearls/bubbles) and sat down at an open table. We were there for about 5 minutes when a waitress came up to us and this is how the conversation went:Waitress: "You have to leave. You got your drinks take-out so you can't stay here."Us: "Oh, sorry we didn't know that was a rule."Waitress: "You guys need to go, I need to seat other people."Us: "When we went to order our drinks we weren't given the option of take out or staying here though."Waitress: "If you order your drinks at the cashier it has to be take out. You guys need to leave now."Us: "There are other tables here with take-out drinks..."Waitress: "Okay, you want me to tell them to leave as well? (turns to table of other people with take-out drinks) You guys need to go, you can't stay here."WHO DOES THAT. She said everything in the RUDEST and MEANEST tone possible. If she came up to us and explained nicely why we had to leave, we would have understood, but she literally stormed to our table and told us to get out. Based on this service, I would never never go back here again. Once again, WHO DOES THAT.
4	Two days in a row now.  I'm from Orange County where boba drinks infest the Asian communities. What we call boba, Canadians call bubbles.  The drinks were decent.  Not bad,  but not the best.  I've tried the matcha slushie and almond milk tea.  They got our add-on wrong yesterday,  but we'll live.  Customer service could be improved here.  Both visits here lacked any kind of enthusiasm.  Although, the man who took our order today was nice to let the minimum $10 purchase CC rule slide.  Ours was $9.??. Good location to rest our aching feet after being extreme tourists. Free WiFi,  a lot of seating. Appears to be a local hangout spot. They also have two MegaTouch screens to play games on amd a Foosball table.  Best arcade machine though,  the ATM. NoYou put in your card,  enter your pin,  and I take your money.  Who wants to play?
5	Very nice place. I think from all the places I've been for bubble tea, this is the best.They also have computers for gamers, and foosball as well. I recommend it for anyone who wants bubble tea for the first time. Will not be disappointed.
