5	OUTSTANDING!!! Jessica has been my stylist for years now and she even styled me for my wedding (that's me with the red hair and the peacock star). I can't put into words how amazing a stylist and a person Jess is and I'm thrilled to be able to let everyone here know. I know for a fact that she will go above and beyond for you. She'll make sure you're comfortable and happy with your cut/style/color/drink/whatever! Even though we were running short on time at my wedding she helped out my other bridesmaids and checked with me about things to make sure they were okay. She helped my little sister feel comfortable with hair stylists again. After one bad experience after another, my sister had given up and let her hair grow down past her hips! After one very good calm haircut from Jessica, she was back on the style train and now she has a BOB!!!Everyone that goes to Lucky Hue LV will walk away satisfied! I can confidently say that Jessica can give you what you need in the best possible way!
5	I'm very picky on who does my hair and how people color it. Jessica and Jake knew their stuff and colored it and gave it some new personality. I would definitely trust them to change the looks any time.
5	Today was my second time getting my hair done at Lucky Hue. The first time Jessica was my stylist, today it was Jake. I have to say, they are both amazing!!! What an eye for color. I love a good mix of reds, browns, & blondes and they both got it exactly how I like it. It turned out AMAZING!!!! My hair is happy. :)
5	Jake and Jess are amazing at what they do! I usually just cut my own hair (by shaving it) mainly because:1.  I rarely fix my hair unless I have something formal that I am attending. 2. My hair is pretty stubborn and would require a tub of wax just to get it to do what I want it to.The first time I went in I had them try something new and was surprised with the results. I had never been able to achieve a fohawk but somehow they managed to make it possible (no tub of wax needed).I have also taken my gf to Lucky Hue and she was really happy with the hair coloring and cut that she got. The compliments that she got afterwards were an added bonus.
5	When I moved to Vegas, I was dreading having to find a hairdresser and didn't want to have to go back to a Supercuts or something similar. Jake contacted me from a post that I made on twitter about how I needed a haircut and needed to find a hairdresser. I went to see Jake the next day and he did an amazing job. I trusted him fully to do whatever he thought was the best hairstyle for me. I may even trust them enough to color my hair for the first time in my life.... eeekkk. Anyways, Jake was great and a cool guy to talk to! Definitely will be going back from now on for my hair needs. I will also definitely recommend them to all my friends too! :)
5	I found Jake and Lucky Hue LV after winning a prize for a free haircut at Yvette Brown's Cosmopolitan Connections networking event. I have been attending her events for three years now and all the businesses she deals with are very reputable. Jake made me feel right at home the minute I walked through the door. Don't let the modest surroundings fool you. Yes, he works out of his home near the airport, but he made me feel comfortable and was a complete professional. If you prefer for him to travel to you, he also has mobile beauty services as well. He entertained with me with great stories about his life and how he came to start his hair styling business in Vegas. I was long overdue for a haircut and Jake styled my hair exactly how I wanted it for a pageant I'm competing in this weekend. The lady who wrote a negative review didn't know what she missed out on! He was even kind enough to take me to the bus stop afterward. I will definitely use his services again in the future and recommend him to others. He also rents out his condo to visitors, so if you're looking for a place to stay in Vegas that's close to the Strip, but without the crazy Strip prices, tell Jake "Ms. Henderson" sent you! :-)
5	I bought the wedding package as a groupon special for my trip to LV to get married.  After purchasing I did a little research and was a little leery based on what I read.  I was able to get in touch with the number on the website (a cell phone), and schedule my appointment for about 4 hours prior to the wedding.  I was surprised that they offered to come to me at my hotel room.  I booked it and was a little anxious with the setup.  The time and day came, and I'll be honest, my anxiety about the arrangement was increasing up until the point that they knocked on the door.  I am a midwestern gal who is quite trusting, but also very cautious and cognizant that people do steal/mug/rape, etc.When I opened the door I felt awful for not keeping an open mind.  I wanted to write about my hesitation because some of the reviews I read talked about the sketchiness, and I felt that way at first too.But opening the door, Jessica was there with her suitcase of makeup/hair supplies, and her other half Jake, who was pushing a stroller with their daughter in tow.  I think he came to make sure I was normal and not going to harm Jessica, which was refreshing, as my other half was there for the same purpose! She came in and got started right away.  She did a FANTASTIC job.  I was looking for vintage and she gave me Monroe/Hepburn perfection within a couple hours.  Do not hesitate to use this couple's services.  I highly recommend them!  Very friendly and personable, and definitely great at what they do!!!
5	Jake and Lucky Hue LV are so awesome. First, he knew me when I first walked in the door since he took the time to read about me on Social Media (which is why I have those profiles). Because of this knowledge, he was able to suggest a color that totally personifies me.  He is warm, caring and friendly and can even travel to me. I am so thrilled I found them and looking forward to having him do his magic on my hair for a long time.
5	Jake has done it again - I admit it - I let my hair go and it was a flat, colorless mess with broken ends. It looks SO fab again and I promise in 2014 to keep my hair up - NO EXCUSES (from me)
5	I'm here just visiting sin city and decided I needed my locks chopped and when I get in the mood it's gotta be done now. I read the reviews here and I gotta say "wow" jake is so amazing as a hairdresser and all around person  I've paid double what he charged me for the most fabulous cut I've ever gotten. The salon doubles as a condo rental. If you want a spa high end salon experience this isn't the place for you, it's nothing fancy but if you want a cut like no other come see jake and you won't regret it. Thank you so much again I hope to be back for color too
5	Basically- Jessica cut my hair so well  that the lady below me copied my cut..  (O: joking but, for real- Jake n Jessica are super cool people. They genuinely want you to look and feel good about your hair and that's all you can really ask for from a stylist. Thank you guys! i will be coming back !
5	I was here in LV for my wedding on 4-20-14 and found this place on groupon . I was really excited because they would come to my room to do my hair and make-up but also a little nervous that i was doing this with out seeing there work only review.  Jake was very nice over the phone and prompt with answering my e-mails, both he and his wife showed up right on time and got to work . I was looking for 50's style or rock a billy style and let me tell you they did not disappoint , they made me look and feel BEAUTIFUL!!!. They are super friendly and very helpful if you would like some suggestions on where to eat both on and off the strip ect.  Im not one to write reviews but with such great service I had to . I would recommend them to anyone great price but better yet great work and great people .
