5	I cannot say enough things about the staff and food quality at Blue Plate Catering! They catered our recent wedding and we were absolutely thrilled with the results. We had a small wedding in Olin Park and we really wanted the food to be the center of the day. We wanted local, seasonal food and were on a tight budget. Originally, Underground Food Collective seemed to be the most logical place for us, but after meeting with them and feeling like we had to change what we wanted to be "hipster" enough to fit their vision and seeing the outrageous price tag that comes with their catering, we knew we had to look elsewhere. Blue Plate listened to what we wanted and was so accommodating. I suggested some recipes and they whipped them right up. They worked with other local businesses, like Batch Bakehouse, and also didn't bat an eye when I suggested two craft cocktails for our bar, one that required the orange peels to be smoked. I wanted to do a lot of the wedding myself and they were happy to allow me to drop off the drink mixes store before the wedding, as well as using my DIY place settings. I have a recipe that my dad has been making since I was a toddler that I wanted for the main dish and they were able to recreate it for us without a problem.The day of, the service staff was friendly and professional. The food tasted amazing, and there were lots of local foods highlighted. My dad's featured dish was delicious. We had a great bartender who made our fancy drinks taste just like I had imagined. I highly recommend this awesome catering service!If you want to see our wedding photos and some food pics, you can see them here: http://runningblonde.com/tag/wedding-photos/
4	Blue Plate has a cafe in both of the buildings that I work in, and while I don't visit very often, I can share a few observations.+ Pizzas are excellent. If you're looking to cater an event, ask if you can get some of the pizza - it's quite tasty and they have a great variety of pies available.+ Breakfast fare is outstanding. It's tough to goof-up a breakfast, but BPC breakfast fare is well above average.+ Staff are generally very friendly and chipper. Some of the chefs are a little less approachable, but if you're using them for catering, you'll likely get great service.+ The coffee is excellent. Try the Velvet Hammer - it's one of my all-time favorites.
5	I hired Blue Plate Catering to cater my wedding in October of 2013.  If you are looking to hire a caterer for an event, I hope that this review is helpful for you.  I first want to say that it was a pleasure to work with everyone!  From calling in to request some info, to meeting in person, I could tell that Blue Plate was full-service in every aspect of the word.  If Tim was out for the day, I was able to speak with David or Marcia, and everyone was on the same page:  it felt like I had an entire team dedicated to help me every step of the way.  Not only that, but by having Blue Plate do the food, bar, and even chair and table rentals, I was able to save A LOT of money.  The room was set up early, so we were able to arrive and decorate without having to wait for any tables to be set up, linens to be put on tables, etc.  The room looked exactly like we had discussed in our meetings.  Blue Plate even coordinated with the DJ, florist, photographer, and videographer so that I wouldn't be bothered that day.  Tim had mentioned that Blue Plate was full service, but I had no idea how much they really would do for us.We had 265 guests, and my wife was a little nervous about running out of food, but Blue Plate, again, hit it out of the park!!  The roast beef was phenomenal (I had tons of guests say it was the most tender beef they had ever eaten), and the executive chef even went out of his way to order in our special food requests just for us.  He even made the entire menu gluten free (many family members have celiac's or are gluten intolerant, myself included).  As a food service worker for my entire life, I was more focused on the level of service...Right on cue, everything was taken care of.  We were even ready to eat 30 minutes early, and the staff got the buffet fully set up within minutes of being informed.  I didn't hear a single complaint the entire night about any of the staff.  To make it better, I didn't even notice that they were there: and that's a great thing!Overall, my wife and I are so happy with the choice that we made:  if I could go back, I'd do it all over again.  A huge thank you goes out to everyone at Blue Plate Catering who made the biggest and most important day of my life flawless.
5	My husband and I chose Blue Plate for our Wedding and we absolutely LOVED IT! We went with a burger bar and were able to customize the toppings and use entirely local beef and bacon as well as non-high fructose corn syrup ketchup. Tim was great to work with for our sampling and then through email from there on out. The day-of they grilled on site, so when everyone arrived to the reception it smelled like grilled burgers--so delicious.As for price, we were shocked at what they could do with our budget. Another place was quoting us the same price for the burgers only--no toppings or sides. We were thrilled with Blue Plate.Highly recommend!
5	Just did a tasting for my daughter's wedding.  The menu is very unique and expansive.  The appetizers and entrees were excellent, comparable to fine dining.  The food definitely sold us.David was phenomenal, very friendly, professional and extremely helpful in helping us plan the event.  He made everything so easy and was very flexible to accommodate our wishes.  David was definitely icing on the cake.While we are from Milwaukee and the wedding will be at Old World Wisconsin it was well worth the drive to Madison.  Skip Milwaukee caterers and go with Blue Plate based on quality, service and price.I'll update after the wedding.
5	Austin and Rick from Blue Plate did an outstanding job at our recent Grand Re-opening.  Delicious food, excellent presentation, and comfortable hospitality for our guests!  Great job Blue Plate
5	Catering service review (my previous review was for their local cafes).I had to host a breakfast meeting for one of my project teams, and had approximately 25 people attending. The original plan involved me making breakfast for the team... but, due to a last minute change of venue, I realized I wouldn't have access to an appropriate cooking environment (stove/ovens/counter space/etc).In a panic, I contacted Blue Plate via their website. I filled-out a catering request, and within a few hours, they replied to say, "No problem - we can take care of this."+ Great website+ Excellent communication+ Very prompt assistanceThey called to confirm the order and then e-mailed me a contract. I approved both, and the very next morning, they were onsite, exactly on-time, with an amazing breakfast spread.+ Scrambled eggs: real, fluffy, not over-cooked, not watery, and very flavorful+ Bacon: outstanding. Perfectly roasted. Not fatty. Delicious.+ Skillet potatoes: cubed potatoes, perfectly fried and seasoned.+ Silver-dollar pancakes: perfectly griddled+ Assorted pastries: larger than bite-sized, but not so big as to overwhelm+ Hot syrup and butter pats+ Fresh fruit tray was delicious - everything was perfectly ripe+ Coffee and beverages were excellent as wellThey supplied all of the flatware, disposable plates, napkins, cups, condiments, chaffing dishes, etc. They set-up and tore-down promptly and exactly as expected.+ Superb staff - very helpful, friendly, and professionalThings couldn't have been any easier or better. Truly top-notch in every respect.
