4	This is, I believe, the "Mother Church" in Charlotte for the UHoP.  I was working at a client site nearby and decided to run over to pick up some lunch for take-out.  I am not sure if they take checks or debit cards, so I stopped at an ATM on the way over just to be on the safe side.I am not exactly sure what their hours are for the cafeteria, but I have only been during the week and at lunch time.  (I think I saw a sign posted that said 11 am - 2 pm, but can't swear by it...) They have pretty much the same type of foods as the UHoP Cafeteria at Mint Street - your standard southern cafeteria style place with a choice of  meat,  2 or 3 veggies, and bread or cornbread - only it is WAYYYYY better than the typical chain cafeteria! Most of the time, I could take or leave fried chicken, but theirs is delish. They also have wonderful mac & cheese and an assortment of other southern style veggies.  Along with a sweet tea, this will run just around $10. However, if you feel like splurging and having dessert, they have a delectable assortment of cakes and pies that look like the ones grandma used to make. Yum, yum!This location is larger than the Mint Street location so, finding a place to park or sit is not a problem.
4	OK....I am sitting at my desk....debating....where should I eat today!?  Well...as it turns out....it was a no-brainer.  I just jumped in my car...drove 5 minutes to HOP....and got my normal plate of wings and 2 veggies.  Since I am trying to eat healthy.... I added a baked wing to offset to 2 fried wings!  It should be against the law to have such great food.  As I ordered my wings...I looked back at the many slices of cake and pies!  OK...no sweet potato pie today....the pound cake looked great...but...that is one less pound I will work off tomorrow!!  So I got my cabbage and mac and cheese....grabbed some lemonade....and sat down for the best priced lunch just north of Hwy 16!  gotta love it.  well....ate that ....with plenty of hot sauce on the wings...and headed back.  Exiting the restaurant....I took just one more look at that strawberry cake!!!! MMMMmmmmm next time!!
5	I consider myself a soul food connoisseur and when I tell you this place was the best, it was really the best.  I have tried every soul food joint in Charlotte and around the united states and consider this one to be at the top of my list.  Where should I begin?  We took our family of five here after church.  The children all ordered the fried wings and loved them.  My husband ordered the meat loaf, loved it!  I ordered the smoked pork chops, loved it.  Between the five of us we had green beans, sweet potatoes, mac and cheese, turnips, rice and gravy and corn muffins.  They were all extra great with a special asterisk by the mac and cheese and sweet potatoes.  We continued on with the sweet potato pie and the cherry cheesecake.  Excellent, Excellent!  Extra "woo woo" that they do accept credit cards.  The price was reasonable because it included everything.  Our bill for five came up to $52.00.  That averages to $10.40 per person that included our wonderful sweet tea and dessert.  I will continue to return here.  Menu varies from day to day so call before you go.  I can't wait to see if they fry fish or serve liver and onions!!
5	I can't complain when I arrive early for lunch. My fav sweet potatoes are soooooo good as ifs the cabbage. However, if I arrive after 12:30/1:00, the sweet potatoes are gone. Needless to say, I've learned that lesion the hard way. Suffice it to say, your choices are better for meats and  veggies with early arrival. I an a happy camper today!
