1	On September 19,2013 I brought my truck to Royalty Auto Service 2, 6740 W. Cheyenne Ave Las Vegas NV 89108. I had them service my truck and add new fluids, I took my car and thinking everything was done properly, I paid $249.18. A little over a week my car would die in the middle of the road so I took it back to them on October 3, 2013 and had them preform a diagnostic test which cost $40, they had told me that the problem is electrical problems and wiring and would cost another $1200 to fix. I decided to wait because I did not have that kind of money right away. On November 8,2013 my mom brought a mechanic to look at my car, her mechanic said I had no fluids in my car and the electrical and wiring is fine. I went in today, December 11, 2013 and confront them about their services and that I want a refund. I had told them that they even preformed a diagnostic test and they didn't even notice their was no fluids. Royalty Auto then proceeded to tell us their diagnostics was wrong, and they had looked at the car on November 8, 2013. I did not know he was the same mechanic my mom brought to look at the car again, I found out today. He told me he was wrong about the electrical problem and that IF the lines are blocked the fluids would not be able to... which I stopped him and told him I paid for a service which I did not get so I want my money back, if not I will report you to business bureau. He told me to go ahead and report them and game me my receipts.The same mechanic admitted that the diagnostic was wrong which is why I wanted a refund, and I paid them to add fluids to my car and they did not, if they would have put the fluids in, maybe my car wouldn't have broken down again and wouldn't have to pay for the diagnostics.
5	I took my 2009 Dodge charger in because it wall stalling out.. They took a look at it and found the issue.. I got a tune up,oil change $14:)) and they replaced a coil that was bad and threw in a fuel injection cleaning for FREE!!  I am very HAPPY with the service I received and the price was GREAT!! I have found my neighborhood mechanic!! I will be returning and sending anyone I know to Royalty Auto Services!!!Thank you,Lance P.
5	After 10 years of living in Vegas I have found a reliable and HONEST shop. Since a bad experience last year with Pepboys, i've been coming here for anything and everything. They don't care how tedious the job is or how big. They take care of it. Great prices on oil changes and alignments. They charged me not even half the price that pepboys quoted me to put on lift supports.  I've recommended friends  here and they always taken care of them. Their prices are fair and cheaper than other shops, esp since they don't try to add on all these other BS problems. If youre looking for an honest shop that isnt out to take all your money, go here. I've had my car in several times for repairs and maintenance and I don't have anything but respect for these folks. Tammy at the desk knows her stuff in and out and she will do anything to get your car to you running safely without making have to cry over your bill.
5	I been to a lot of shops where the workers get over on me since I am a woman. I've spend hundreds of dollars previously on my car to have work done. Since I have been to Royalty auto services I have experienced nothing but genuine honest people. Tammy she is the best she truly tries to help you in EVERY way possible. I wouldn't go anywhere else because they are like a family.  The prices are affordable, and they give the honest truth on what is going on with your car.  I 've had alot of issues with me car the past few months. Since I have been with them it has not stopped running. I truly recommend Royalty auto services if you want the best deal and honest work done in Town.!!!!
1	I like how employees, co workers, and friends of this business are creating yelp accounts and writing how great of a service they get.This all happens after my post. It's all fake, it's all bs, don't believe them.This is exactly the kind of reaction I expect from this place!!
1	I give royalty auto a 0 they robbed me of almost $500.00,  and not only that has the worst customer service I've ever came across!  I have an older honda accord one day it just wouldn't start I took it to royalty they told me it was my fuel pump along with adding some additional things the very next day not even 24 hr later my car shut off in the middle of traffic with my child in the car! I called them complaining at first they refused to help me then once I made a bigger deal they came and towed my vehicle. I was out of a car another day they then called and told me it was electrical when they had already ran a diagnostic saying it was the fuel pump nothing else!  They suposivley fixed I left there business once again thinking they did there job for the very next day my car wouldn't start!  All this is within 5 days of me paying them I called again complaining they refused a refund of any sort and refused to towe my vehicle to them now I'm out if a car and 500.00. PLEASE DO NOT TAKE YOUR BUSINESS HERE THEY ARE LYING TO PEOPLE AND TAKING THERE MONEY,  perfect auto had the same issues and the employees from perfect auto are now at royalty auto.
5	I recently purchased a VERY used 2006 Nissan Altima 2.5s. After purchasing the vehicle and realizing more was wrong with the vehicle than expected, Royalty Auto has been the best. If there is ever a way to save you some money or make YOU and your VEHICLE safer, they will be sure to let you know. I am a young man just starting out and there have definitely been countless times I could have been ripped and haven't been. (They even help me with my little DIY projects sometimes!) I would definitely recommend this service shop to anyone I meet!
