5	I have to say that this community was one of the best places I have ever lived (and I am pretty picky about where I live). First, the office manager and staff are some of the nicest, most genuine people I have ever met. They always greeted me with a smile and always took care of everything that I needed taken care of. The maintenance guys are amazing. They fix whatever needs to be fixed within one day (two tops) and leave you a super nice note letting you know what they had done and when. By the way, you can very conveniently place a maintenance order and pay your rent online! The grounds are beautiful: a large pool, a hot tub, a fitness room, and a lot of space to walk the dogs (doggie bags are available at at least two locations, and for as long as I lived there the community never ran out of them!).My one bedroom apartment was ridiculously cute: light, airy, with a balcony (downstairs neighbor had a patio), and a fireplace. The kitchen was smallish, but full with microwave, refrigerator, a dishwasher, tons of kitchen storage space (and a pantry), and a stove. It was enough for me! I also had a washer and dryer in the unit. The apartment had tons of storage space for other stuff including an outside storage area and a walk-in closet plus another closet for my clothes!! The bathroom was spacious with a giant mirror (very important for a girl!). I had my own entrance up the stairs. I felt that whoever designed the apartment layout did an excellent job to ensure that all space is used wisely. You get your own covered, well-lit parking spot as a resident. Your guests will need to look for a guest spot. My boyfriend never had an issue with not finding a parking spot in the community, and usually was able to park near my car.Now, a little about the area. Across the street from the apartments is a huge park (Scottsdale Ranch community) and apparently the apartment community members may use all amenities that that park has to offer because they have an agreement with Scottsdale Ranch. I can't go into detail about that because I did not use any of their amenities, however I did enjoy walking my dog in the park. East of the complex there is a beautiful winding street lined with desert flowers, cacti, and trees (it also has a bike path!) called Mountainview. Oh, I loved walking my dog while watching sunrise on that street so much! Everyone was super nice in the community and outside of the community and I always chatted with tons of people on the street. The entire area is full of condos and pretty nice housing communities. As a young woman, I felt incredibly safe there.Within walking or driving distance there are AJ's, Sprouts, Fry's, and Trader Joe's. (TJ is a bit of a drive on Shea, but the other three are really close by with AJ's being within walking distance (a 5 minute walk)). Now I was never a fan of Fry's, but that particular one is apparently Fry's Signature and it is hands down the best Fry's (and grocery store in general) I have ever been to. It has a sushi bar where they make fresh sushi daily, a Chinese food bar, an olive bar, and an antipasti bar. Oh, and they have a wine bar. Yes, a wine bar where you can seat and enjoy a glass of wine being all tired from walking in that huge and beautiful Fry's. (I will miss that Fry's dearly). Within walking distance (near AJ's) there is a Walgreens, a two-story bar with shuffleboard, darts (I think I saw those there), and billiards, a fitness center, a few stores including a Mom-and-Pop natural pet store, and a couple of restaurants (Egg I Am, Dragonfly cafe (which may be closed), an Italian place, and something else).Honestly, I could write more good stuff about this apartment complex, but I doubt anyone will read all that. Kudos to all that got this far. Bottom line is that I absolutely loved living in that apartment, I loved the management and maintenance, I loved the grounds, and I loved the area. My boyfriend who did not live in that apartment loved it too. He called it his little vacation house. Unfortunately I had to move for work. However, this place had forever changed my view of Scottsdale as a snooty place. I simply loved everything and everyone there.  I will literally be posting the same review everywhere to get more people to experience the wonderful community called Morningside!
5	MORNINGSIDE APARTMENTS has been undergoing an EXTENSIVE REMODEL and still more to come! The new 'owners' and our NEW MANAGEMENT on site have been doing a GREAT JOB at trying to get us into the 'new age' by coloriizing in new tones, starting renovations to enhance and renew major areas BUT the BEST THING about the 'new status' is our MANAGER, BRITNEY!! SHE is one terrific lady with a LOT on the BALL! She is GENUINE, she is truthful and she if very affable to ALL her tenants AND she lives on site and KNOWS what's going on!  A welcome from the old owners/management! You'll LOVE IT HERE..come see! EAHS
