4	Marche Lobo is one of my all-time favourite local green-grocers, and not just because I lived a few blocks away for nearly four years. It's almost literally on top of a Metro, and only up the street from a Provigo, and still managed to do enough business to enable a massive expansion, taking over an adjacent storefront.The reason? Like most of these places, it's cheap produce that undercuts the chain supermarkets, and Marche Lobo is also relatively clean and orderly. They started out with the usual fruits and vegetables, but the expansion allowed them to stock a more diverse range of stuff, like middle eastern imports (dates, etc.), and jumbo bags of rice, also at better prices.
5	4Freres, Provigo, and Metro = terrible produce. Marche Lobo = excellent (and cheaper) produce. I am the pickiest apple eater (only Fujis) and Marche Lobo always has a fresh pick of them. Also, DELICIOUS fresh hummus in several different flavors, Middle Eastern treats, and a very sweet staff.
2	Good prices, good-quality produce and a wide variety of Middle-Eastern and Latin American groceries, if you are looking for meats you'll have to go somewhere else. The Middle- Eastern guys who run the business could learn a bit of Western politeness (they are in the West, after all) and quit that aggressive attitude, more than once I have felt as I am picking groceries from a food bank rather than a place where I am paying for them.
2	They have good produce and a lot cheaper than Provigo or Metro, but that is it...if you need canned food or meats you'll have to go somewhere else...some of the employees seem to have a problem with waiting on customers. They also need a lot more space, its really difficult to walk around without bumping into something or someone...so if you want comfort...go somewhere else instead.
3	Do not forget to check your change...for the third time they made a mistake...always on their side.
4	This is one of my favourite places to shop for produce, dairy, organics, dried goods (rice, beans) and Indian/Mediterranean/middle eastern goods (taramosalata and canned hummus anyone?)  Very inexpensive compared to the Metro just north of here and the Provigo just south of here.  The staff are really quick at the checkout and tend to remember you if you are a regular.  For the Asians, try not to get too irritated with the guy who is always trying to practice his Mandarin on you (even if you aren't Chinese, or Mandarin speaking for that matter.)
5	If you're looking for produce, this is the place to go.  I've been going once a week since someone told me about Lobos, and I've never managed to spend more than $21 though I usually walk out with 2-3 huge bags of produce.  They also have some interesting canned goods, so check those out while you're there.  You probably won't be able to do all of your shopping here unless you're a vegetarian, and even then I'm not sure you would.  Nevertheless, the produce alone is worth the trip.
