4	If you want to do your bit for your neighbourhood, forget about Blockbuster and other such DVD chains. Vogue Video may be small, but it's mighty. In a time of movie piracy and big chains I am surprised and relieved that this place has survived and thrived.My friends and I usually  come here for our movie needs and it's up to date with what's out and popular, and the staff has always been friendly and quite chatty. Unlike their large competitor up the street they won't spent an age tapping away on the computer so you can get your movie. The only thing I can hold against it is it's early closing time in winter. But the selection is great, at affordable prices as well. Be warned though it's not all in alphabetical order so don't be shy to ask if you can't find what you are after!
4	Vogue Video does well to do so much business when there is a Blockbusters right across the road from it.  A lot of locals support this place due its friendly owner and comforting environment.  It's not quite as well organised as some other video rental shops, but it makes up for this by its range and quality of films.  They have a great selection of contemporary as well as classic films, all of which are of excellent quality.  Many are also deluxe editions which not only give you the main feature, but also behind the scenes documentaries.  For genuine film lovers this is definitely the place to go for great service and interesting films.
4	In a world where even the best rental chain stores are going slowly down, Vogue Video is doing a great job at not only staying open, but offering great video rental services.I should really stop saying "video" - it's all DVD's these days, eh? For a very reasonable price you can rent out DVD's per night - think it's under two pounds per evening to do so. There are heaps of movies to choose from in here, and although you have to occasionally root through loads of movies to find what you want, that's part of the fun. Big entertainment stores have become too clinical, and often don't  have much more to offer than (expensive) new releases. Vogue Video, on the other hand, has a ton of choice and really friendly customer service to boot.I wish more rental stores existed like this - maybe the personalised service that Vogue Video offers would save against the likes of video piracy.
4	I prefer this place to the Blockbuster around the corner. The selection is just as good, it is a hell of a lot cheaper and the owner is a really nice guy with a good sense of humour. It made me chuckle to see that he has added a photo of his own face onto a cardboard cutout of Bruce Willis in Die Hard 4. He is really helpful and shows you exactly where the films are you want (no mean feat) and gives you recommendations to other similar movies.The selection is extensive; for a little store it is impressive. They have all the major genres (horror / drama / comedy etc) with a good breadth of films in each one. Although some are a bit dubious, the store generally has the classics, especially cult ones (like Twelve Monkeys) that are almost impossible to find in Blockbuster. They also have boxsets of series like Scrubs and the Sopranos. The prices are cheaper than Blockbuster as well, and also the DVDs are properly cleaned, and not scratched. If you, like me, are fed up of having to take a DVD back because it is unwatchable then come here, you'll be pleasantly surprised.
5	Great dvd rental shop. The prices are good and the choice is also very reasonable. They have all the new releases and many older titles. The owner is also a very nice guy and very knowledgable about movies - which definitely helps.
