4	I'm the type of girl that really just loves food of all kinds. I can eat (and appreciate!) Joel Robuchon & Alex one day and be content to eat Little Caesars the next. I honestly think the $5 (ALWAYS hot and ready) pizzas are an insane value. They are pretty damn tasty, easy for me to pick up on a whim, and service is always great too. For $2.75 or so I can add on a crazy pack of tasty crazy bread + sauce. For $7.75 I have tasty food to feed the husband and I for 2 days! This is one of those cases where you do NOT get what you pay for. This pizza transcends its' $5 price tag. No, it's not Settebello, but sometimes when you want cheap food RIGHT NOW this is the perfect fix. PS - I think this place is infinitely better than Sbarro/Villa Pizza and those sorts of places.
3	$5 pizza... What do you expect? I'm giving it 3 stars because the ladies are always friendly, the pizza is always fresh and there is always some kind of special going on. It's a cheap lunch for 2 people and there are always left overs so it's a great value. When we want really great pizza we go somewhere else... When we are in a hurry this works just fine!
3	Nothing says come get food from here like employes sitting right out frt. on the rocks smoking. Then one runs in as you pull up and stands behind the counter after tossing her cigarette butt in the big pile of them in the rocks. Oh and no hand washing was done, she just ran to the counter to help me. The pizza is good but they obviously need a manager to control the employees so that they front of the establishment looks inviting.
5	the only reason I'm leaving a review is because the young man who took my order and gave me my food is the most polite worker I've ever encountered at a little ceasars haha.  This was last night around 1030. Kid deserves a raise. I don't typically eat pizza these days but someone else asked for it so I got it and was surprised by how great the service, speed and accuracy were. Great location.
3	The service is fast. The staff is friendly. The pizza is good for something fast. It's cheap and you get what you pay for...but do you guys always have to burn the pizza?
1	This place has the WORST service of any pizza place that we've ever tried in Henderson. AVIOD AT ALL COSTS, frozen pizza from your house will be a more pleasurable experience. They outright lie that it's a 20 minute wait, it was an hour. That have four POS terminals with only ONE person working. The staff is all untrained kids, no seasoned supervision.
5	Under new management. No more kids smoking on rocks lol. Seems a lot more professional, and the deep dish what?!?! Was amazing, can't wait to go back.
