4	Good for uptown to have a course so close.  It's not gonna blow u away but you can get in a quick 9 holes and get back to life... 4 stars for the remodeling and it keeps me from driving 20 mins to a course in pineville or birkdale.  Also prices are fair.  You don't pay a whole lot but ur not getting a arnold palmer designed course either.  Go have fun with it
4	Fore (har har) only $20 and some change, Revolution is a good buy. Many munis are a joke, with poorly maintained greens, faster then Usain Bolt. Revolution though, recently remodeled with a modern clubhouse great fairways is always a good time.While the course is only 9 holes, it's well worth the price. It might not be Quail Hollow, but its rarely crowded, well maintained and has more than enough character. A gem if I do say so myself.
3	Course didn't seem well-maintained as others speak about.  Some fairways are overgrown with weed-like plants and perhaps, due to rain, the fairgrounds are really soggy and does not enhance the golfing experience.That said, it costs $23 for a 9 holes of golf with a cart on Saturday morning which is nice price.  I wouldn't mind playing the course again.  For those true golf afficianados, it plays like an executive course with the longest hole being approximate 450 yards, par 5.  Greens upkeep seemed reasonable.  I wish they had more distance markers on the floor--the few that I found were hard to spot on the sprinker heads.Meh, it's nice to get out in the sun, enjoy the weather, and play a (half) round.  dmo out.
4	Great little 9 hole, no frills golf course.  It's especially convenient for me as I live near Uptown and there aren't many other municipal options close by.  I used to drive to Leatherman down S. Tryon for the range, but this one is closer to me and it's the same price.  You always get to hit from the grass, which I'm a fan of because I feel like hitting from mats screws up my swing (making me think I'm hitting the ball better than I really am!).It's a really short course, but I still pull out the driver on 4-5 holes.  I believe they did some renovations recently, but I wouldn't be able to tell because I just started going there.  That's just what I've heard.  All in all, $15 to walk 9 holes during the week is what keeps me coming back.  A cart is only like 4 bucks more, but I'd rather walk a short course for the exercise.
4	Good little track.  Holes vary, conditions are decent.  Best of all, you can get on, and get around pretty fast.  Very close to Uptown, and you get a good view of 77 while playing.
5	I never played "Revolution" before it bacame Charles Sifford. From what I hear, they've done an excellent job with the course. The other facilities have been upgraded and look really good. I've played the newly renovated course many times and it's great. The greens are looking good and the course is pretty well manicured. I played one tournament there but most people go there for practice. The driving range (which used to be the 1st tee) is long and there are great putting and chipping greens. It's a 9 hole course and it gets a little backed up during the week after 5pm. A lot of people come out to play. If you live or work near uptown it's the perfect little course. You don't have to drive far to hit some balls. You can see the city from #9!
