5	After having many many issues with competitors, I reached out to Desert Sands, and they were able to replace my Compressor the same day that I called. Even better than that, the price that I was quoted, $1,480, was the price that they charged! Mark was exceptionally professional, friendly and courteous. Mark was very knowledgeable and was able to even point out mistakes that the competitors had made in previous repairs, and fixed them without additional charge. Mark stayed until 8pm on a Monday night to fix our A/C unit in the dark, and was kind enough to let us sit around and chat with him about what he was doing the whole time. He was thorough, and exacting. If we have any problems in the future, we will definitely be going to them!
5	I would highly recommend this company for their great service.   They had the best price and were very fast at coming out to fix my ac.  Mark and Mike are very professional and had my ac up and running in no time.   I will be using them in the future.
5	There are so many choices out there when it comes to air conditioning.  I was referred to Desert Sands AC from a friend and they were great.   They came right out and quickly found my problem.   Very professional and straight forward.   I agreed to the repairs, which was far less than I was expecting.  These guys were great and I recommend them.
5	This company installed our new unit a few years ago and it has been perfect.  They are very honest and we never have to worry about who to call if/when we need service.  Mark does the maintenance on schedule and is a real pleasure to have in your home.  And my wife retired as a Service Manager for an A/C company, learned a lot about other companies and uses Desert Sands and not her old company so that should tell you something.  We cannot recommend them highly enough.  Would give 10 stars if we could.
5	We just recently sold our home and the house inspector found a few small a/c issues that the buyers wanted fixed before closing.  We only had a week to get the repairs done.  Mike was able to give me a quote right away using the inspector's report via email.  He then came out the next business day and did all the repairs for us.  Great service!
