5	Chad and Darci are the best! They Provide a great service and are very knowledgable. You won't find anything but the best at Reptiles N Reefs!
5	Excellent customer service.  Owner can answer all your questions.  Lots of different types of species.  You need it this store has it or can you help you find it!
5	My fiancee and I had the best experience yesterday at Reptiles-N-Reefs!  We stopped in because I have been wanting to add a bearded dragon to our family for quite awhile.  The service at Reptiles-N-Reefs was incredible!  Chad and Darci were super friendly and extremely confident in their knowledge regarding reptiles.  I am so happy with our new bearded dragon and it is great to know where he was bred and that if I have a question or concern, they will be able to provide an answer that I will feel comfortable with.  They price the gear very competitively as well, so I plan on stopping in whenever I need anything!  I wouldn't hesitate for a second to recommend this great new shop to anyone that has an interest and passion in reptiles or aquariums!
5	Chad and Darci are the most knowledgeable, accommodating and friendly people you will encounter. They make everything more fun and interesting! The store is beautiful, the customer service is unbeatable; I guarantee you will not be disappointed if you choose to make this store your one stop shop for all your reptile needs!
5	I went all over looking for a gift when I should have just come here first! Great place and owner was super chill and helpful.
5	WITH OUT A DOUBT THE BEST FISH STORE IN HENDERSON/VEGAS for one reason EXCELLENT CUSTOMER SERVICE!!!! Knowledgeable friendly staff that genuinely want to help. The store is small but has an excellent selection of coral and salt water fish (no freshwater fish). Also if there is a particular fish you want that they don't have, they will find it for you. They personally drive to California once a week and pick out each individual fish that enters their store, thus all of their fish are healthy with amazing colors. I have bought several fish and coral from them that are all healthy and still doing great months later!They have a modest selection of tanks for sale, but offer custom built tanks to any size and dimension.Whether you are an expert in fish or never owned a fish tank they have the means to help you. No question to big or too small.The reptile selection is of equal quality. I STRONGLY RECOMMEND YOU CHECK THEM OUT!
5	I absolutely love these guys.  The staff is VERY friendly, helpful, and knowledgeable.  They always go the extra mile to make sure that I'm happy and to help educate me when I have questions.  I will continue to shop here, and would recommend them to anyone!
5	Ok. Let's talk. I've been dealing with fish stores in this town for years. Frauds on Trop is the biggest rip off in price and quality. We've been lucky enough that F.I.S.H (or maybe properly named FIST) closed as well as that maniac in Henderson. These owners are honest, responsible, and knowledgable. So easy to deal with. Prices are fair and quality is high. Visit and you'll see. We need to support this place. They've managed to keep decent prices in our crappy economy. Aside from that, if you live on this side of town, we need a great vendor like this. Steve
5	Excellent store with great selection and deals. The store is bright and vibrant. It's always a pleasure dealing with Chad and Darcy. They are very helpful and knowledgeable.
2	I went in recently looking for Aquarium supplies and fish. This store is really small. They dont carry hardly anything for freshwater fish. They have a decent selection of saltwater fish. Dont waste your time going there expecting a lot of stuff. Customer service is ok. Young kids working there who didnt seem too knowledgeable. They only give you store credit if you wanna return something. There are better stores to shop.
4	Small place and not a whole lot of room to move around and look at things but our ball python needs to eat and they have live mice we need to feed him.
1	Since my last update I have had the chance to interact with the owner more. Turns out, the owner isn't as great as I thought. I watched as he bashed another store owner with others on a Facebook page. I will never set foot in his store again because I am a firm believer that you shouldn't bad mouth your competition. I'm sure that if he makes his opinions that public about another owner there is s great chance that he probably bad mouths his customers as well.
3	If you're a beginner like me and are trying to get into a reef aquarium reptiles n reefs isn't too helpful. The selection of fish wasn't all that much maybe 15 different species that I saw but what they lack in selection they make up for in quality! I went in trying to learn more about what all I needed and I stated to the guy that I was just starting my first tank but I didn't leave with much more knowledge and he didn't really help me understand everything! They have a pretty good selection of reptiles and I was impressed by that! I would return to buy some of their nice quality coral, fish, and reptiles but not so helpful for me! I was hoping to get more from them as they were the highest rated on yelp!
3	Haven't been here in over 11 months because of working out of town. Stopped by today and the salt water fish area has to be half of what it was before. Looks like a good supply of reptiles but not sure because I'm more into the salt water side of it. Customer service is not even close to what it was. Would have been two stars but the fact that 18 months ago the fish/live rock I bought are still thriving.
1	The owner is an A hole. the people  that work there are cool, the dude with the long hair and the younger girl are nice I think she is part owner but the guy Chad is a smart ass. if you have any questions don't ask him! I used to drive across town just to drop in and buy something since I'm a believer in supporting local fish stores but I won't go back to this one that's for sure. Luckily we have choices in VEGAS. I happen to live in between  two of the better fish stores in Town! I won't mention  any names but if there were a list I'd put this one last. humble yourself or lose good customers...!
4	Just checked it out under the new owners. Very helpful and friendly. We will come back when they get more stuff. Come in and give them a try. They are nothing like the old owners.
