3	Called for delivery, said it would take 45 min but showed up in 25. Reasonable price for what you get but VERY greasy!!
4	This is a surprisingly good pizza restaurant.  Try their large 24 inch pizza, you almost need a truck to get it home.
3	1 star = Terrible. Multiple things went wrong. Never going back.2 star = Not good. I will not go back, but it wasnt absolutely awful.3 star = Good, not great. I wouldnt go out of my way, but I *would* go back.4 star = Excellent food. I really liked it. I could be a regular here.5 star = Phenomenal food. Something truly special here.Meetings all day nearby, and I was looking for someplace close by to eat lunch. This place got good reviews, so myself and 4 colleagues decided to try it out. Overall, its is good not great -- I would give it a 3.5 stars.Prices are really good -- meatball sub and a 20 oz drink for $7.75. Coworkers got a large pizza, 2 liter, and wings for $25.I had the meatball sub. Nothing seemed to be made fresh (frozen meatballs, sauce from a can, etc.) but it was a good sub.The fries were not good -- not horrible, but not good.Coworkers got pizza and wings. They said the wings were really good. I tried the pizza, it was decent.Overall, dont go out of your way to eat here but if you are in the neighborhood it isnt a bad option.
2	Meh. I've experienced better.The worst part is that the pizza here was recommended as God's gift to Las Vegas.  In fact, while I was eating, I can't remember exactly how many people drooled over me like hungry puppies and asked where it came from.  Confused yet?  Me too, because I didn't get the pizza.Oh, but I dearly wanted to.  Unfortunately this establishment had something else in mind and sent me a calzone instead.  All I wanted was a Hawai'ian pizza to have an even playing field for comparison, but it was a pick-up order and not by me -- so I ate it.  As far as a Hawai'ian calzone goes, it was a first for me.  The all too uniformly, finely diced ham would probably be from a bag somewhere, and the pineapple from a can somewhere.  Actually, the pineapple I wouldn't have issues with if it had some of the caramelization typical of cooking atop a pizza pie.  Double-whammy for a mixed up order.For a calzone as a whole, I've had some awesome ones.  This did not rank among them, but it was good enough to want to finish in one sitting.  It wasn't small either; quite a bonus.  Also considering that directions to this establishment were given out about half a dozen times just because of how good it looked should garner some respect.
4	My family really likes this place.  We are a large family and we like to get the big 24 inch Pizza and drive it home in the back of the suburban to feed our 6 kids.  It is our usual.  I've been treated a few times to a few of their sandwiches and I liked them.   Service was nice and friendly too.
5	LOVE IT! We eat here a bunch. Daily specials are awesome. Their pizzas are good but I LOVE their meatballs! Yum! I wish they would carry cannolis. Salads are always fresh. Pizzas are tasty and very light on grease! Sounds weird to say but most woman understand the whole greasy pizza comment. lol
4	new to Vegas...got two kids...needed something fast...Manhattan pizza was awesome...delivered faster than expected...kids loved it!
5	I love this place. I have a family of 6. My children and husband love the pizza here. We usually get a giant, and it feeds everyone + gives us enough for leftovers for lunch the next day. I usually get their traditional Gyro for myself, which is great.  The service is wonderful and they always take care of us. They mixed up our order once, but were great about quickly fixing it for us. They even insisted we keep the stuff we didn't order, at no cost to us.
3	All in all, not a bad spot for pizza, especially if you want to feed a lot of people, or just me.The staff has always been a delight. The pizza is a-ok indeed. Not much room inside, and the location is nowhere I'd want to be after the sun goes down. So my suggestion is call in and take out your order. If you're feeding a lot of people, get one of their 24" pies, or two if you want leftovers for the rest of the week.Credit cards not accepted.
3	After hearing such rave reviews we decided to try this place out.  It is a small restaurant in a not so great area.  I would suggest eating food to go or delivered.  When we were there, an angry crackhead hassled us in the parking lot.  So on to the food.  The first time we picked up food to go.  We ordered fried mushrooms, chicken wings and pizza.  The mushrooms were delicious.  The wings were kind of dry.  My husband loved his pizza.  Next week, we got it delivered.  Any place that delivers to the base gets a bonus point.  This time we ordered spicy buffalo pizza, bacon cheeseburger, and baklava.  Once again the pizza was delicious.  The burger was huge but didn't have a lot of seasoning to it and was kind of dry.  The baklava just tasted really greasy and bitter.  Over all, the place is decent for the price and the portions are pretty big.
1	If we could rate lower we would.... horrible customer service. Stay away from this place... So we "were" loyal patrons however we ordered for delivery our favorite pizza and some wings which we were told would take 35 minutes for delivery.  At about an hour after our order was placed my wife decides to call to find out how much longer it would be and was told about 10 minutes.  We suspected the usual which was they tried to deliver it 2 streets over like they had in the past no big deal.  Besides the store is about 4 minutes away.  After more time had elapsed my wife calls back to find out where the delivery driver was and she was directed to another employee named Roger.  Roger was less than helpful and frankly very apathetic, even stating "if your so close then why don't you just pick it up".  He also said "tell your military if they don't like it then they can just come pick it up".  Needless to say this was very upsetting and my wife asked to speak with a manager who conveniently was not there.  After the food finally arrived surprise surprise it was cold and the wings were overcooked.  So since we were so close we decided to return the food and get a refund.  Upon arriving we spoke with Roger.. who immediately refunded our money and could care less about the lack of customer service or that we were less than satisfied with the service.  We confronted him about the circumstances and he just didn't care even shrugged his shoulders as to say oh well.  He even stated "you military think your special or something".  We've been delivering to the base for years we don't care if we lose the business.  I instructed him the issue was merely we were told the delivery would arrive in 35 minutes and it took more than double the time.  We also told him we provided our address clearly and it was 3 minutes away from the mistaken address which didn't justify the lateness.  Needless to say the "special" comment was upsetting to me so tensions were high... As were going back and forth he continued to antagonize by saying "why are your yelling?  are you happy...you feel better".  Frankly I am normally a very patient person however someone who doesn't value their customers doesn't deserve to be in business.  Stay away from this place... go to Burger King were you get it your way.
3	Ten bucks for a 14" pepperoni pizza, had almost no sauce and about one pepperoni per slice. Staff was pretty rude. It was fast and filled my buddy and I up though.
5	If your looking for pizza in Vegas on your way to EDC stop here cuz it's the best! Pizza taste homemade and for a good price.
5	Awesome pizza and fantastic customer service...highly recommended
