5	Best coffee place in Charlotte! Owners are awesome and spend a lot of time there, so much they know most of the patrons. Coffee is delicious, much cheaper than chain coffee shops. They also have coffee icecubes for the iced coffee! Try macadamia nut coffee, usually the Friday coffee of the day.
3	I got lost trying to find this place... GPS was out of wack!The coffee wasn't too special, I like my coffee with a KICK and that JACKED UP feeling after consumption. Theres didn't do it for me... Don't get me wrong there were some positives coming from this place. The quaint shop was cozy and warm. The people were very friendly. My suggestion, independent establishments like these should encourage their customers to buy reusable sleeve or RECYCLE they ones they use by placing a  "sleeve reuse" stash next to the cash register. I mean take Starbucks for example, they waist sooooo much sleeves on a given day and people don't even think twice to reuse their own. If people were more aware of this, it would definitely help people become more conscious about their contribution to waste. HAHA! now I'm just sounding like a hippie.Another complaint I had was the slow internet connection. It was very annoying trying to get some work done when the connection kept timing-out. Increase the bandwidth please for those who are willing to sit down and do some studying in your establishment. :)
5	Cool coffee shop with great coffee and tasty sweet treats
5	Such a great local coffee shop! Delicious pastries and great coffee selections. (They have coffee ice cubes in their iced coffee!) The staff is friendly and there is never a long wait. I uses to live in a city where there was a Starbucks on every corner. When I moved here, I grieved that loss until I found Mountain Island coffee!
4	I love this place and its location to my parents house in Charlotte! The building is quaint albeit in a strip mall area and the decor is relaxing typical coffee house style. I liked that they have pictures of their regulars on the wall and comfortable seating areas. It is a bit skinny but that adds to the character of the place. Also although I try not to go to businesses on Sundays it was great to be able to surprise my mom with a cup of joe before church the last time I was in town. I had my two year old with me and the staff even helped carry out my order to the car without me asking. She saw I was overloaded and just grabbed the cup and came with me! Make sure to check out Mountain Island Coffee anytime your in the area!
5	My local coffee shop owned by other mountain island residents. They will remember you!Everyone is super nice. Wonderful pastry selection. Great coffee.
4	Great spot to grab a great cup of coffee and delicious snack.  If you're looking a for a place to sit, work, or gather, options at Mountain Island are limited as are the hours.  This local coffee house isn't street front, so be patient if it's your first time trying to find the storefront - it's there, though your GPS may disagree.  Good coffee, good people.
4	A new store in this great location.Independently owned & operated.You pay for your coffeee and then they have them all set up in individual carafe's.They also have muffins and buns.
5	Awesome local coffee shop! Wish I could visit daily...you should! Definitely recommend trying them out, you'll love them! Espresso Shakes are a special treat, yummy strawberry and cream cheese muffins, and any other coffee options is fab too! Enjoy it!
5	Great locally owned coffeehouse. Owners are great and it has a Cheers feel to it where everyone knows your name.
5	This has nothing to do with there tea or coffee, this is about the two people that run the store. Charles and Diane , to me these to people could run any type of business , weather a coffee house or IBM. they are just two of the best people around, so any time your in the area of mount Holly Huntersville road and highway 16, go ahead and stop by Mountain Island Coffee House  and you see what I mean:-) the phone number on yelp is wrong ,the phone number is 704-971-1600             Michael Justice               a very satisfied customer....
5	Stop in this morning to get some tea and apple fritter , said hi to Charles and Diane , after that experience , I'm going to have a great day!!! Thanksxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxd
5	I bought my wife a apple fritter today from here, she said the best fritter she ever had. Charles and Diane are the best!!!
5	I haven't had any pastries yet, but do enjoy the excellent service and espresso. I usually stop in here after getting a haircut.
3	THE COFFEE IS WAY TO EXPENSIVE! $5 for a latte!!?? I mean it was good but not great, nice employees.
4	First time stopping in today and won't be my last. Nice, extensive flavor offerings and quaint feel to it, but definitely overpriced. Thoroughly enjoyed my latte though :)
4	My father, visiting from out of town, and on the hunt for an apple fritter, struck out on his own to find Mt. Island Coffee while I was at work. A self-professes connoisseur of apple fritters, he readily agreed that the fritters at Mt. Island are most definitely "as big as your head," and although probably meant for two, had no trouble eating the entire pastry by himself. Me? I dream of their chai, and there's no return now that they have shown me the beauty of an espresso shot in my chai!! No more difficult drink decisions!
5	How can I say this . Amazing tasty fresh and hand made coffee great environment. It's very close and all the employees and regulars are very friendly and open to suggesting and taste testing. I will be back for more
