3	Allergy Cleaning Specialists came to clean my vents and furnace as well.  Total bill for 13 vents and furnace was $250.  Which is a great price.  They told me that my vents weren't too dirty, but I had terrible allergies and wanted to get it cleaned anyhow.  It's too soon to tell if it has helped me or not.  They did an alright job, however, on their website they claim that they cover up the vents so dust doesn't go flying everywhere, but that didn't happen at my house. They covered a couple vents, but not all, there is dust and dirt everywhere, in every room.  I am surprised, especially since I thought that would be a benefit of having them, it's promised on their site.  Silly me.  Just a heads up, at my house, it didn't happen.I am giving them a 3 star because it's the first duct cleaning company I have used and have nothing else to compare to, also the employees that came out to clean my vent were very nice.
1	I would not recommend these guys to anyone!  Had them out to clean my air vents - not even sure if they actually made a difference or not - he said the color of my vents prevented us from seeing a difference.  Hmmm...I had already purchased new air filters - he put them in after he was done cleaning - came downstairs to tell me they were the wrong size and they just "sucked up into the vent".  I was like wtf?  Went upstairs to take a look and it was as if he just shoved them up there.  My husband took them out, and put them back in the right way, and they were fine.  The guy does NOT STOP TALKING! - always trying to up-sell you (even after I told him I wouldn't be buying anything extra from him so could he please stop) - just so annoying.  Also his hands are so dirty that they left black marks on the attic door - going to require touch up paint.  He talks so much that he forgot to clean the dryer vent.  I left 4 messages with the answering service (you can NEVER get through to them directly - the answering service takes all of their calls and you can only leave a message in hopes they'll call you back) - didn't receive a callback over a two week period.  Finally messaged the owner on Yelp and he called back right away.  He was very nice - sent the people back that day to clean the dryer vent.  They used a LEAF BLOWER - literally - a leaf blower.  Wow.  Today I started a load of laundry - smelled something burning - had my husband check on it and they didn't even hook the dryer vent back up at all!  Once again, my husband had to fix.  I'm wondering, what did I pay for here??Seriously the worst service call experience I've ever had.  If I were the owner, I'd find a new guy for my house calls.
