3	The times I've been here they mainly play hip-hop and reggae. The cover price varies, but if you're interested, come early because the lines get loooong. They also have a nice lounge (smoking) area with a view of the Forums and drunk couples making out.Update: I went here again recently and I guess some clubs do have their dry spells. Came here and it was a sausage fest. When you see bouncers dancing on the dancefloor, you know it's not the place to be. Not only that, but they overpriced the drinks. Paid $30 for a cocktail and a beer. You'd think they'd lower the cover and drinks since the place was DEAD.
3	I like the kind of music the play here (Hip-hop with a little house), however, the crowd and location are a little annoying. However, there is almost never a line, so if you couldn't get into light then come here.
4	Hmm, compared to the other reviews, I thought this place was rather cool.
4	The line wasn't as long as Pure so we decided to go here. i liked the music they played- hip hop/r&b/reggae here. The crowd was good- diverse. I liked it because it had more of a ghetto feeling ...reminds me of home. ha! I'll go back again.
4	I had a great time back in August. Franzen was DJ'ing (former radio personality of KMEL here in the bay) and he was playing all MY HYPHY isshhh. Small place, but big fun. The girl attendant in the bathroom was the sweetest. Lighting my cigarettes for me, handing me paper towels after washing my hands, and letting me sit in her chair when my feet were killing me!
2	Not the same OPM since I was last here. The table reservation was cheat though. $350/bottle for a minimum purchase of 1 bottle. For a party of 8 - no lines, VIP seating , mix for your bottle of choice, server to attend to your needs, no cover charge - it was worth it.I knocked out 3 stars since I wasn't feeling the tunes
4	This place is pretty well-hidden in Caesar's, it's the 2nd floor above Wolfgang Puck's. My girls and I had passes, so we got in right away, and were treated to the VIP section (which wasn't much, but hey, a place to sit). Wednesday nights is free champaigne for the ladies, which was enough to get me buzzed. The venue isn't too decorated or anything, and it's kind of small, but it never gets overly crowded enough where it matters. The bouncers were all nice guys, and the DJs were open to music requests. Hiphop plays in the main room, and reggae/house in the smaller one, but after a while the music seems to just repeat itself. If you don't mind some of the weird and sketchy guys who seem to come in packs and stand on the outskirts of the dance floor gawking, this place is definitely fun!
1	A bunch of my girlfriends and I headed up to Las Vegas on a Friday night a few weeks ago and wanted to have our first moment of setting foot in Vegas at 2am to be at a good club that plays good Hip-Hop to dance to.  Maybe it was the time we came in or it was a bad night, but I definitely thought the vibe was not great.  It was a total meat market.  The crowd of people had truthfully really "ghetto" men with grillz and gangsta leans.  I think my girlfriends and I were the only chicks dancing, excluding the two nasty hoochie hookers who were trying to get laid.   They spun first dirty south rap music and then crossed over to a DJ that played slow R&B slow jams, and then ended it with Reggae.  I would highly recommend going to another club.
2	Overrated club.  Yes it was nice to pass up a couple hundred people in line...and greeted with big smiles from oversized door guys...but, no thanks. I like to dance and this place was more about hooking up.  Not my kind of placed.  It was laced with dudes looking for the next girl to fall over.  They just let too many  people in.  I was getting hit left and right by avid dancers making room for themselves on the dance floor.Maybe if I was drunk it would have been more fun, but I had a hard time smiling here.
3	Someone PLEASE explain the trend of guys wearing oversized round sunglasses indoors at night.  You look like bugs.  And let me tell you something, just a little secret...Idonotwant to dancewitha BUG.OPM was absolutely full of human bugs.  And simulated anal sex on the dance floor.  And really, really bad champagne.  The saving graces were the pleasant staff (all the bouncers smile at you and the bartendresses were pleasant) and the I-wanna-dance-crowd.  I don't know if those two things would ever bring me back - maybe with some Raid...(And I was not writhing on the floor as Ms Annie D. suggests.  I was doing deep knee bends.)
4	Oh Suzanne B. you didn't mind the club when you were writhing on the floor with the touchy feely gangster boy.... in sun glasses. To be fair it was a Sunday night, which has pros and cons. On an off peak night, only a smaller club can fill up, it felt like a Friday night there, and the hotels are much cheaper during the week. The bouncers gave us free use of a VIP table, and the DJ played our requests in the reggae room even though our friend was requesting the wrong type of music. The dance floor was full and it was no problem finding a partner. The swat team convention didn't hurt either. The DJ was great with energy, transitions, and music choices. I would suggest skipping the free champagne though, just hit yourself in the head with a hammer it's quicker and has the same result.
3	This club was pretty cool especially when you are on the guest list and can get in for $10 (or free if we had gotten there earlier).  If you go to the website they have a VIP sign up.  The DJ was average - nothing to write home about and I've heard way worse.We tried to go back the night of the fight (mayweather and de la hoya) and they were trying to charge $100 cover or $200 if you wanted to jump the line.  We were like no thanks - This place is not worth that at all.
3	Instead of re-writing everything, please see Shelley S's review, then come back and I'll fill in what she left out..................God, you really read slow, don't you........Are you done yet????  How 'bout now?.....now?OK. So, the ladies also got free champagne for a few hours on the night we were there.  The worst thing about this club is the whole "reserved" area.  On a night when there clearly were not that many people who had shelled out the money for bottle service, why not adjust the ropes and let some of the ladies in stilettos sit down during the crappy songs.One of the funniest parts of the night was when I decided to dance with a skinny little white guy who was probably for Iowa.  As I was bumping and grinding my Oakland booty I looked over my shoulder and saw a look of pure ecstasy on his face.  Here's my summary of the night:Tix to Vegas with rapid rewards:  $10 airport security feeDrinks: FREE!  Boys were buying b/c I was rocking the killer shoes and sexy halter topCutting to the front of the line: $10Giving a guy from Iowa 10 minutes he'll never forget, with my clothes on, while also making Shelley S laugh:  priceless.
3	The club was fun, but it wasn't anything out of the ordinary.  Line to get in was ridiculous.I was on one that night.  I ACCIDENTLY pushed a man in a wheelchair out the way and by the end of the night, I was in a stranger's hot tub (again, if we meet in person and I trust you...I will tell you the WHOLE story).  Damn, Vegas!  You might be a little too much for me...
