4	I took a pair of suit pants there to be hemmed. He had them done in a few days and I felt the price was fair. The proprietor was friendly and helpful. Parking can be a pain in the area, but that's not the businesses fault.
4	I've taken 2 bridesmaid dresses here to be altered and both have been done very well.  The dresses took about a month each, which I think is standard.  If I had needed something sooner, I'm sure he could accommodate it.His store hours are pretty good: 6AM - 4PM (M-F) and 6AM -12PM (Saturday).Only con is that it's cash only, so make sure to swing by the ATM before you pick up your garment!
4	Probably the best tailor in the East End. His prices are affordable, and he was able to 2 different alteration projects for me: taking up the lacy fabric for the sleeves on a dress and to shorten the hem on some high-rise bell-bottoms I got for cheapies at a Gap sale. Each of these alterations took between 4-7 days, which is typical. Both of the hems for each of these altered clothes turned out very well, and was professionally finished. The only reason I did not give this place five stars was that his business is cash only. The plus side to a cash-only business is that I'm supporting a locally-owned small business that provides great service to its customers!
5	Five star tailor. Things usually take about a week, but he is very accommodating and does good work. He had fixed my suit skirt prior, but it wouldn't lay flat. I took it back in, he fixed it for free in two hours. I'm going to use him to hem and fix my pants for as long as I am in Pittsburgh. Only con is its cash only and parking is moderately difficult. The owner is just the nicest man. I was four dollars short one time in cash, and he told me he'd add it to my next bill. Nicest man and my pants fit! What more do you want in a tailor?
5	Not only is he super nice, he also does great work. I took my bridesmaid dress to get altered and he did a great job. I could not even see any evidence that it was taken in. Fits perfectly and it only cost $30 bucks. I highly recommend! PS:Don't forget that he's cash only
5	Ive brought a bunch of pants and jeans I bought from Nordstrom here to be hemmed and couldn't tell that they weren't factory hems. He also patched a pair of jeans I'd worn through the seat all for a very reasonable price. I work in Oakland but even if I didn't I would still make the trip!
5	Gino (the New Oakland Tailor) does fantastic work and he is such a pleasure to be around. I have brought everything from bridesmaid dresses, pants, vests and leather jackets to him since I moved to Pittsburgh 5 years ago.  He has been doing this trade for 50 years and the experience shows. He gives you honest quotes and timelines for when the item(s) will be done. Also, you can get items dry cleaned.In addition, I enjoy going to see him as he has a fun-loving personality that is so kind and genuine. I feel like he is my pseudo grandfather. Also, it is a family owned business reiterated by the pictures of his family lining the walls. The New Oakland Tailor is such a treasure of Pittsburgh. I think Gino deserves way more than 5 stars. He is spot on the best in the business.As a note to new customers: Gino only takes cash and he doesn't stay open late into the evening. ( I wouldn't either if I was like Gino and showed up to work at 3-4am!)
5	Very good tailor!  I had a dress made for me in Nigeria and it was a TAD tight.  Also bought some jeans that were supposed to be skinny, but weren't, and were a bit long.  He handled both very well.He is also quite friendly, which makes it even better.
5	I've been coming to Gino's for almost 10 years for all of my dry cleaning and tailoring needs. He is fantastic. Will continue for as long as he is there. One of the best insider tips to save lots of money on buying a custom suit, is to get a suit off the rack at a Macy's or comparable place, then bring to Gino and let him tailor it to you. His cost for tailoring, plus the cost of the suit, is hundreds of dollars less than buying a 'custom fitted' suit. Try it and you will see. I've bought over 2 dozen suits over my career and people think I've got all custom suits.  It is custom by have saved thousands in the process. My little secret. Also, sent my gf there to get some more detailed tailoring and fixing things--she was amazingly impressed with the quality and the price.
1	I have never used this tailor and can't speak to his work. But he *did* tell my sister-in-law to "go back to Mexico," so if you want a rude racist to be your tailor, go for it!
