1	Q~What kind of experience begins with what a customer thought was one of the best new car buying experiences they've yet had, quickly sours and turns into a HORRENDOUS display of 'customer service' devoid of all rational logic when the dealership is called out on their attempts to swindle customers in a scandalous RIP-OFFof a 'tire warranty/un-needed overpriced service' scheme, rancifies to a disgusting attempt to belittle and humiliate a customer and blame the customer for not being able to understand the terms of the warranty contract (which was understood completely, just understood by an intelligent customer to be an attempt to rip off those not willing to do the math and see what a scam it is), causing the customer to spend 2 hours in a parking lot of a nearby Target with a poster board and markers creating a PROTEST SIGN to stand on busy Bell Rd on a Saturday and try to let as many people as possible know about the SHEISTERS at Biddulph Mazda and the NASTY EXPERIENCE with their sales, service, and management,causing dealership to attempt (*unsuccessfully*) to stop the customer's protest by CALLING THE COPS ON THE CUSTOMER,  and the cops, after interviewing many parties, including other customers on the lot who interacted with the protestor by asking questions about what the backstory was, etc, did not, in fact, tell the protestor to stop, but simply left instructions about proper protest technique with which the protestor was already familiar and was already following ??????????????????A~an experience with Biddulph Mazda, that's what kind.
1	Last weekend I decided to go on a hunt to see if I could find a deal worthy of trading in my current car for a newer model. I went to two dealerships because one I was familiar with and closer to my home, and the other had the exact car I wanted. I should have never made that second trip.I already put car salesman at a lower bar than other people in my mind, but this was a whole new level of low. If you don't want to end your day wanting to staple things to people's heads, I would stay away from this dealership.I walked into the dealership knowing what I wanted. I still wanted to browse first, but I had researched. This is also not my first car buying experience, and not my first Mazda. I am well aware of the line. Oh yeah, and I'm also a car fanatic. I didn't mind being hunted down by a salesman right away because I had really already knew what I wanted. It was coincidental that without saying what I wanted, the first car he decided to show me was the one I had seen in their online inventory. Soon enough I was on a test drive. Great car as expected. I asked some simple questions such as if I could have more details on the specifics of the particular perimeter alarm that was installed on that car to which the salesman did not have an answer. Makes me think it would have been fun to ask him what was under the hood.We all know that what comes next is the fun part. And by fun, I mean extremely annoying process that takes 10 times longer than it should - the negotiating process. The first part was estimating the trade in value of my car though he decided to wrap this up in the first round of pricing negotiations. Right off the bat I was undercut by a couple grand at least on my trade in. Not cool. I told him that the trade in value wasn't acceptable and asked if I could find out the specific price plan I was eligible for to which I received a blank look. I would expect a dealership employee to know the various standard pricing plans. I also let him know I wanted to know what other offers were available. After waiting awhile, he came back with no change in the trade in, but did give me the pricing plan I was eligible for.Since it was still not where it needed to be, I explained to him what I was looking for. I told him my situation and that I did not need to buy a new car. I told him that my car was perfectly fine and in amazing condition and that I wasn't desperate. I let him know the price I had gotten down to at another dealership and where I ideally wanted to be. I said I didn't want to play negotiation games and I wanted to know how close he could get me.Things quickly got out of line. I was treated with great disrespect as I was given excuse after excuse and attack after attack. At one point he recommended I lease and when I explained to him I did not want to lease I was given a rant of how I don't put enough miles on my car and it's stupid for me to buy. Really? Okay. I'm out then. If that wasn't enough I was also attacked for asking what the lowest price was. I was asked if I wanted the company to lose money all while he kept informing me that he gets paid on commission, which goes by the number of cars he sells. I guess maybe I looked like I didn't know how car dealerships worked and how the car buying process goes. At one point he asked again where I wanted to be payment wise, to which I told him. He then put a range down on a scrap piece of paper with an x and a line below it and told me to sign. When I said I wasn't comfortable signing a scrap piece of paper below a payment price range without any detail or further information, he became very agitated.In the end I let him know that this wasn't going anywhere and that I didn't think the price was going to be where I needed it to be. I told him that with the economy the way it is, that I figured the price would be lower. When I purchased my other car in a much better economy I was able to get a better deal. I asked if I could have my pricing plan certificate back and was given a very sarcastic, "You can have whatever you want."I was so repulsed by the way I was treated. I emailed customer service at the dealership and never received a response. I cannot believe they would ignore a situation like this, though with the only other review being a 1, I am not that surprised anymore. Slightly more detail is available on my blog, but I didn't want to write a novel here unless it was wanted. Oops I guess I already did :)
1	Since they've created fresh biz profiles under 3 name variations, I'll post my original review in them, as well.   http://www.yelp.com/biz/biddulph-arrowhead-peoria#hrid:HjRi5Zq1Nj2rP9PTqe9VSg*******************************************Q~What kind of experience begins with what a customer thought was one of the best new car buying experiences they've yet had, quickly sours and turns into a HORRENDOUS display of 'customer service' devoid of all rational logic when the dealership is called out on their attempts to swindle customers in a scandalous RIP-OFFof a 'tire warranty/un-needed overpriced service' scheme, rancifies to a disgusting attempt to belittle and humiliate a customer and blame the customer for not being able to understand the terms of the warranty contract (which was understood completely, just understood by an intelligent customer to be an attempt to rip off those not willing to do the math and see what a scam it is), causing the customer to spend 2 hours in a parking lot of a nearby Target with a poster board and markers creating a PROTEST SIGN to stand on busy Bell Rd on a Saturday and try to let as many people as possible know about the SHEISTERS at Biddulph Mazda and the NASTY EXPERIENCE with their sales, service, and management,causing dealership to attempt (*unsuccessfully*) to stop the customer's protest by CALLING THE COPS ON THE CUSTOMER,  and the cops, after interviewing many parties, including other customers on the lot who interacted with the protestor by asking questions about what the backstory was, etc, did not, in fact, tell the protestor to stop, but simply left instructions about proper protest technique with which the protestor was already familiar and was already following ??????????????????A~an experience with Biddulph Mazda, that's what kind.
1	Seriously to be avoided at all costs. The folks at this dealership are the stereo type of sleazy car dealers. My husband and I stopped by early in the afternoon, we were greeted by a saleswoman named Dee, who was courteous. We said we would return later that day, no problem. Unfortunately when we returned Dee was busy with another customer, apparently she is the only person at this dealership that works. We were instead handed over to a hefty man who did not introduce himself. We asked for the price on a blue Mazda sitting right out front to which he replied "Well which one, we've got a ton of blue Mazda's". Wrong my friend, you have one, its that bright beacon of blue in front of these big glass doors, but OK whatever. We walk over to the car where he tells me that the 96 ford Taurus on the lot would be a better match for me. Great, well, I'm asking about this car, not that beater. Finally he agrees to tell us the price of the Mazda, and we ask to talk prices about it and a truck for my husband. When we go inside he walks into the fishbowl with his sleazy manager and they both come out and tell us they wont tell us prices on the cars until they run our credit. We say we wont give them our information until we know whether or not we can afford the price of the cars, and they proceed to tell us its federal law. BS. We told them bye, and I called 2 other dealerships to confirm the crazy story they were telling us. I called back and asked to speak to a manager. I got the sleazeball, and told him that I was very upset by the poor service and the lies I was being told. He said he really didn't care, because that's how they run their dealership. Well, my friend, if that's how you run it I'm sorry to tell you, you wont be running it long. And he refused to give me his supervisors number, but don't worry, ill find it.
1	***FIRST AND FOREMOST: ONLY THE GOOD REVIEWS ARE POSTED ON BIDDULPH MAZDA'S WEBSITE - I POSTED THIS SAME REVIEW ON THEIR SITE AND IT NEVER WENT LIVE***Less than a year and a half ago (Jan 2011) I purchased a certified pre-owned vehicle from Biddulph Mazda. I felt good about purchasing a car that had been through the claimed 150 point inspection. My salesman Bill was very personable - I have to give him that. He did pull the whole &quot;The guy who put the price on this car made a mistake, it should not be this low...but we have to honor it. Lucky you!&quot; Yeah right. I made them print out the car fax and all of that (which I still have the exact copy they gave me). Everything looked reasonable and good. The car had pin stripes on it that I didn't like, so Bill said I could take the car to a place in Tucson and have the pin stripes removed and then send Biddulph the bill. So the next day I took the car to a place in Tucson to have them removed and the mechanic said, &quot;I can't remove those because the car has been painted. I see paint on top of the stripes, so if I pull those off I have no idea what it's going to look like underneath!&quot; Then we proceeded to remove the bra that had been on the car when I purchased it the day before just to find out that the paint was completely damaged underneath! I called Biddulph and was upset. They told me not to worry and that bras can damage the paint and they will fix it. So I drove the car back and they lent me a car while it was being fixed. When I went back to pick it up, Stephen, who dealt with all of my financing paperwork told me that they couldn't give me the same interest rate because my car was a Mazda RX-8 and the rate couldn't be honored with that model car. He then said, "But don't worry! If we extend your finance tearm to longer than 60 months you're payments will actually be less!!"; Steve...I'm insulted. I told him that I absolutely wanted the monthly payment that I had established when I first signed the paperwork, and I wanted my 60 month term and he had to work his number magic to get my that monthly payment back and I was not going to take the car unless I got that. So Steve apparently worked his magic. At this point I am exhausted with the entire car purchasing process at Biddulph Mazda. Now to get to the main issue. Just recently I was involved in a minor accident that made me take my car into a shop to be fixed through my insurance. The guys at the shop call me and tell me that it is very apparent my car had been in a major accident. They said there is bondo all over the car, it is apparent that the whole roof of the car, the side of the car and the front of the car had been repainted. They also said that my bumber didn't even have the shock absorber...my vehicle was missing an entire part. I went to the shop and took photos of all of their claims. It is very clear to me that had my car gone through the claimed "150 Point Inspection - 150 Reasons to Relax"; the mechanic at the dealership would have noticed these very obvious issues...and shouldn't they have noticed that the paint under the bra was damaged as well?! Anyway, I called Biddulph the very next day and left a message for Bill and never heard back. Then I called back later the same day and asked to speak to the sales manager. After explaining everything to him, there was quite a moment of silence, and he said that he would be more than happy for me to come trade the car in. Great, however, in August I moved to Houston so I could not bring the car back to the Phoenix area. Out of the question. He then pulled up my paperwork and said that he doesn't see the car was sold as a certified pre-owned vehicle. WHAT! Thank God I kept all of my paperwork. I have a letter from Ron Stettner the Vice President of North American Operations that begins, "Dear Megan: Thank you for purchasing a Mazda Certified Pre-Owned Vehicle from Biddulph Mazda. We're confident that your Certified Pre-Owned Mazda will bring you satisfaction and peace of mind on the road ahead..." included with a card that has my vehicles VIN number and everything. Another moment of silence from the sales manager. It was Friday and I told him that he had Monday to come up with a solution. It's now Tuesday and I haven't heard back. Bottom line is, I paid money for a car that is NOT the same car I purchased. I believe the dealership is adverstising and misrepresenting cars as certified pre-owned. Please be wary of doing your business there and anywhere for that matter. Always hold on to every piece of paper you get from the dealership, while you're there shopping and after the fact. I am not keeping quiet about this and I am not doing business with Biddulph Mazda ever again.
1	Worst service dept on the face of the earth even when it got sold DON'T TAKE YOUR MAZDA there ever and the star is because I have to
5	I can't believe (not to say the aren't true) some of the other reviews on here. I went there just window shopping yesterday and I would have to say that they were the nicest and most helpful of the many dealerships we went to yesterday. Maybe it is under new management because the name is not Biddulph anymore. But they gave me a great estimate on my trade in, better than any other dealer we went to. When we said we weren't ready to buy, they didn't pressure us at all, just told us to come back or call anytime we have any questions. Seriously the best experience I've ever had at a car lot. It is worth mentioning that we worked with Bob the salesman, and that the manager/owner also talked with us for a bit. They were both great and I would honestly feel bad if I didn't leave a good review for them. If you've had a bad experience in the past here, I would recommend trying again, because I can't imagine them being as horrible as some of these reviews.
1	If No Stars was an option that is what I would choose..I purchased my Mazda from this Location when It was still Biddulph. Zenus has always been my service adviser, My car is 3 years old and when I purchased it (brand new)  it had a couple issues, a few weeks after I got it I took it in for the brakes to be looked at, while there I tell them that my car makes a weird winding type noise on the front passenger side and that there is something in the back that sounds like two pieces of Styrofoam being rubbed against each other, since they had already typed up and printed out my service ticket I was told "i will just tell him to check it out" I bought this car in January, I only heard the noise in the back of the car when it was cold out. It was loud and is ungodly to have to listen to. Over the course of 3 years I had my car serviced at this location, not being treated exactly politely, I think since I am female they think they talk to me like im stupid and I wont know the difference. 3 years I am complaining about this noise in the back of my car, I am getting ready to move out of state and I take the car in and I tell them " I cannot listen to this noise for the 3 days it will take me to drive this car to where I am moving to" They tell me they will take the car for a drive to see what the noise is. Again this is in January, it's cold out the noise is so loud you can't even drown it out with headphones. They service tech who went on the the test drive with me tells me. "I don't know what is making that noise, I get paid by the hour and if you want me to take apart the back of your car to figure it out it is going to cost you" ARE YOU KIDDING ME?? Who let this guy deal with customers??  The service techs were to lazy to even try to figure out what the noise was. They tell me that they cannot help me. I deal with the horrible nail's on a chalk board noise and drive my car to my new home 2000 miles away. I take it in to another Mazda dealership to have the oil changed, transmission flushed and asked them if they can PLEASE look at my car to see what this noise is.. It took them less than 5 minutes to figure out that the Seal on my back windshield is broken and that the noise I am hearing is the glass etching the metal. Well NOW my car is our of Warranty and I am stuck footing the bill of a 460.00 Window that has to be replaced. I call this Dealership and leave a message to speak with Donald Mortier the General Manager regarding my very large issue with the lack of "Service" that the Service department supplied to me. A hour or so later some extremely tool-tastic man calls me I think his name was Rick Acoudis, he is the Service Manager and wants to know "What my problem is" I tell him my issue and explain that I have complained about this issue several times over the course of the 3 years and that when I was on the phone with Mazda customer care they informed me that an entire YEAR worth of my services was not even in their system that from the end of 2011 to the beginning of 2013 they didn't even show I had been to the dealership (which I found to be interesting since they have done every oil change on my car every 3500 miles, up until I moved out of state.) I relay that to this "Service Manager" and he actually has enough gall to tell me to "Prove it" Are you kidding? You are missing my records, your techs lack of knowledge and actual service provided is going to cost me 460.00 (not to mention when I bought the car they had tinted the windows, (its a Arizona thing) to it so I will have to also pay to have the back window re-tinted!) and you want to get smart? When I told Rick I wanted to talk to Donnie that's who I called to speak with he tells me, He's with customers, OH So since I am an OLD customer and I'm not buying anything new I don't have the right to talk to him to make him aware of what a SHOTTY job your have been doing on my car? I am furious and I think I have every right to be. I don't recommend doing any kind of service with this location. When I told Rick I didn't want to talk to him I wanted to talk to Donald he asked me "Why not?" Um because you are a egotistical douche bag, He refused to transfer me to him and said, "When he's not Busy I'll tell him to call you" Oh, Thanks.. Don't hurt yourself doing your job or anything..This place cheats you by not telling you whats wrong with your car until it's out of warranty since that's when they can charge you for it. The nerve of this so called "Service Manager".. I am very disappointed and will be relaying my **Absolutely Horrible Experience** with this place every where I can write about them on. Shame on this place!
