2	No Shamrock Shakes!!!!! This was stop number 2 on our hunt to find shamrock shakes well before they should stop carrying them (1 week before St Pattys day). They claim to be "out of the mix today". Right, we have heard of that before. In any other business someone would get fired for not buying enough to meet demand. What is McDonalds problem???
5	When I first moved to Phoenix in 2006 I was so moved by the exemplary service and high quality of McDonald's food at this location that I wrote an email letting them know how I feel. I felt this was the best served, freshest tasting McDonald's food I had experienced and the staff was always great and professional. Because of my praising email, they mailed me two free extra value meal coupons. Very nice. All McDonald's should be like this one. I recognize it is weird reviewing chains (especially a McDonald's), but this one I feel deserved it. Still don't like it? Tough.
1	I wanted to give this McDonalds NO STARS, but I didn't know if I could.  Anyway, if you want your order WRONG, this is the place to be!! I have gone here on many occasions and out of 10 orders, 8 have been wrong. Be careful when Ordering a Sausage McMuffin, you will GET EGG PUT ON IT THERE.  I even took my order back and they gave me the same thing again WITH EGG, when I specifically said SAUSAGE MCMUFFIN!!!  I love all people and I am not racist but, if you gonna work in AMERICA you gotta not only SPEAK English, but UNDERSTAND it too!!!
1	I have been to this particular McDonald's location twice now. Each time they have forgotten to give me my sauce for my McNuggets. Of course this was after I left that I noticed, and eating nuggets without any sauce just isn't the same.
3	Not really sure why everyone are giving this place a bad review.  I don't usually rate chain stores, but since they offer a lot of choices under the $1 menu for people on the move, I usually just get those items.  I get fast services every time I go there, it's hot cheap food for less.  Always the correct orders unlike most of the people giving bad reviews here.
4	I wanted to share an update about this McDonalds because the Manager Obviously cares about what folks are saying. I was presented with a number of Coupons and a letter apologizing for the bad service. Since then I've there a couple times and my order has been taken and provided without ANY FLAWS!!Great job and KUDOS to the Mangers for fixing all issues.
