1	Are you kidding me?!  This was the worst KFC ever.  I was forced into eating here bc it's relatively close to CLT where I was picking someone up.  I bought the $5 KFC meal, 3 boneless chicken meal.  First of all, you'd think how cool, it's a $5 meal, what a steal!  The chicken is much smaller, the side dish is like 8 macaroni and the biscuit was a pebble.But the absolute worst part about it was the fact that the chicken was incredibly salty.  No, like really salty.   After the meal, the sides of my tongue still felt like they had a lot of salt on it.  It's like they dropped the chicken into a salt vat after dousing it in soysauce, and THEN marinated in the Dead Sea (for you worldly knowledgeable peepz!)Service was incredibly slow. Sister was flying in from Cedar Rapids, I'm pretty sure I placed the order before she took off and she still arrived before my meal.  She had a layover in Chicago too because of Barry.Terrible.dmo out.
3	The wait was a little long, but it was around lunch time, so that was to be expected...  The sanitation grade was up to par which made me happy, but apparently I have not eaten at a KFC for a while because they don't sell the little parfait things anymore...  I have to admit, I was kind of sad about that... lol  I picked up one of their new boneless original chicken pieces because I had all the sides already and I have to say I was a little nonplussed by it... I mean, it was okay, but that was the best I could give it... The workers were a bright spot, though... They worked quickly with great perky personalities to get the line moving as expeditiously as possible...  It was a little hard to make it back to my office in half an hour, but I pulled it off... Next time I'll probably go earlier than 12:00 or later than 1:30, though...
2	I went to this location after flying in after a late night arrival. We went through the drive through at nearly 11 p.m and there were a few other cars in the drive through. Service was ok, and we moved through the line pretty quickly, but man... Is it me or is KFC going down the wayside for taste?? The taco bell was still the same horrible for me style that I love, and I'd come back for it, but the last couple times of KFC have been downright disappointing. The biscuit was hard and tasted funky, and the chicken itself was very gristly and just not that familiar flavor that kept me coming back. The prices seemed to be a bit higher too... I think I'll venture elsewhere for my late night cravings.
