5	SO glad a friend recommended this place! I don't have vision insurance, and I've scoped out a few eye centers for prices on eye exams and contacts (contacts are pretty much the same price wherever you go, but it's the eye exams that vary..a lot) I purchased the 3 year EyeCare Club...which means...for $99, I got a eye exam that day, and free eye exams for the next three years. Tell me where else you can get that screaming deal. The other two places charged anywhere from $118-$160 for the eye exam. And that's just for ONE. I am so pleased with America's Best. The doctor was so nice and sweet, and she got me in and out in no time. I would recommend this place to everyone!
3	Got glasses.  It was as good as getting glasses could be
4	As good as the high-priced place we used to go when we had vision insurance. With all the add-ons the other place got us for, I actually think we spend less at America's Best, even without insurance.
5	Fantastic service by Dustyn and Judic, Judith with a 'c' and Dustyn with a 'y'.....a hard-working, nice group of people that you don't expect to find when you first arrive.  From beginning to end, a good experience.  Easy check in, smooth sailing through Judic's tech meeting.  The optometrist was friendly and efficient.  After looking at virtually every pair of frames in the  place, Dustyn found a pair that was perfect for me.  The total price was so good that I also decided to buy the Ray Ban sunglasses!  Thanks for making it easy!Will definitely send friends and family here.
3	Well, an update.  10 days later and still no glasses.  When I call in they just say to keep calling back.  Today I called and they said 'we're looking through the shipment'....not feeling very confident, but we'll see what happens today.
3	Well, good news...they did have my glasses (not sure when they finally arrived). Turns out they had switched a couple of numbers of my cell phone, so 'couldn't reach me.'  But after all the times I called in, you'd think they'd have figured this out sooner????Anyway, picked up my glasses and sunglasses and the prescription seems good on both.  I'd go back to ABC, but would double check all of their work to make sure they have all the info correct.   The staff is all very young and nice, but not sure they have the very best supervision there.
1	This review is based ONLY on the incredibly RUDE receptionist. She was rude from the minute we walked in the door and had it not been for other employees would have lost our business instantly! She was only concerned on closing the store within the minute of it's reported closing time. She didn't even want to show us to a salesperson so that she could close exactly on time.
4	After my less than wonderful review I was contacted by their customer service in hours and spoke with their manager the next morning, in which they apologized and informed me that it would never happen again. We worked with Johnny who was very helpful and personable, worth the experience if the corrective action is taken. Errors continued once the glasses arrived from the lab... However Angela, the general manger, was very kind and receptive to the mistakes made and a possible correction. I was assured this entire situation was a fluke and not traditional practice.
1	I would not recommend America's Best simply as a matter of time.  While they do charge cheap prices, they do not care about nor value their customers time. The Doctors at this and other locations are consistently late.  I have waited 1+ hours past my appointment time to be seen. Even when I went for my follow up visit the doctor was late, even though I was the first appointment of the day.  America's Best needs to focus on the timeliness of there doctors, and compensate there customers for waiting such long extended periods of time.
5	Dr Jennifer is amazing! Her staff is professional and courteous! I am impressed how well everyone did with my 3 wee ones! I highly recommend anyone to get their glasses here!
3	Three stars for the wonderful doctor, great selection of cute frames, and reasonable prices. As mentioned by others, they are consistently running behind.  I am in today with my daughter and she just got in the chair-- 30 minutes past her appointment time.  We have been going here for at least 4 years and will continue, but I usually leave grouchy.  Luckily, Sweet Daddy's is around the corner so I can go there for a pick-me-up!
5	I had a great experience at America's Best! Margaret, Judic and John and the doctor Jennifer were really professional & courteous. Judic even took the time and helped me try on like 20 paid of glasses and made me feel really comfortable with my choices(what fit good and looked good for my face) The selection was good, I got designer frames and they were ready within a week. Cost wise for designer eye glasses I  know I got a good deal just comparing to other eye places in the valley, even cheaper then using my insurance.   I've recommend America's Best to a few friends and they have also had good experiences and no problems.
