1	They cleaned my carpet and they were unprofessional...cursing and using slang. They promise to clean the carpet in my closet for free and they didn't...they were in and out in 20 minutes. When I called and complained the woman told me that they did they best that they can do. If you have 60.00 to throw away call A One Carpet cleaning.
5	I hired A One for a move out and they did a great job for me.  Certainly it looked better now than when I moved in.  I will use again.  Recommended for Las Vegas and Henderson.
1	I was cursed at, yelled at and hung up on. My carpet looked the same as it did before they did the job. I discovered later that they didn't use shampoo.
1	I called to have them stretch my carpet.  They talked me into a cleaning first because I wouldn't I want to do that after I had it stretched.  They rushed through a half-assed cleaning and then the guys that came to stretch it said that it was too difficult of a job after gouging the wood-work.  Do NOT use this company.
1	Where to even begin.... We called to schedule an appointment and explained to them we wanted five rooms (one of which had heavy traffic), stairs, and our sofa. They quoted us 170 and we scheduled an appointment. When they came out, they walked through the house, we explained we no longer wanted our couch cleaned and instead of the $110 it should've been, they told us $200. Their reasoning was that because of traffic in one room they had to charge us an additional $30 per room to use their chemicals. Apparently their carpet cleaning is ONLY steam- no soap unless you pay additional. My husband called the owner at which point the owner started yelling at my husband. We asked them to leave based upon their rude customer service and lack of professionalism. Ten minutes later, owner calls again and says they will do it for $150 but calls my husband a rude person. I have never in my life seen such a lack of professionalism and service. I wouldn't recommend this company to anyone.
1	what i ordered: carpet basic steaming, carpet shampooing, carpet conditioning, and carpet sanitizer for THREE rooms.-1 star : the receptionist informed me that a carpet technician would be servicing my apartment between 3 - 6pm. day of, the receptionist calls me at 3:20pm to let me know that the technician just left and will be at my apartment within the hour. the technician arrives at 4:30pm without any word of his tardiness.-1 star : the technician used a steam cleaner that left water marks all over my walls and tile floors.-1 star : he didn't get started cleaning my carpets (setting up and texting on his phone outside) until 7:15pm and finished at 8:15pm.-1 star : i had some raised suspicion as to why i ordered such a large package for three rooms and the job only took one hour. so i called the following day and a male with a heavy accent answered the phone and i asked him how long the job usually takes. he informed me that it's about 1 hour per room. he promised to return my call and investigate our case. i have yet to receive a call.not to mention the stains still left in my carpet and his lack of vacuuming prior to steam cleaning... while observing him, i didn't even see scrubbing or "deep cleaning" anything besides rubbing the carpet with his shoes. my technician's name was Luis...  i wish he would have done his job 100% and covered the Texas-sized hickie on his neck as well.
3	just had a call back from the receptionist today. +1 : she was beyond helpful and eager to come to a solution. she suggested that a supervisor watch over a re-cleaning of our carpets to use their professional equipment and promised it would be done to our satisfaction.+1 : also offered the alternative of a 100% money back refund and mail the refund to us.+1 : continued to call me despite me missing her calls from my hectic schedulethank you A One Carpet Cleaning for attempting to fix what was wrong and showing perfect customer service in a horrendous situation.
2	Had these guys clean my grout and tile. The website said grout and tile cleaning from .25 to .49 per sq ft. When the guy came out he said .60 per sq foot since he had to do more scrubbing. Why doesn't the website say .25 to .60 per sq foot then. The man used so much water against the walls that my baseboards sucked up the water and they expanded and bubbled up in places. They did an ok job on the tile and grout but I have some baseboards to replace now. I do not recommend them due to the baseboard problem and the up charge when they got here.
1	Was trying to get quotes over the phone. The owner was very rude, hung up on my husband, and called him stupid.
1	I don't even know where to begin, they said they would come between 12&2 p.m. & then they called to say they were running behind & would be there by 3. Well 3 came & went & when I called them to see what was going on the owner was very rude telling me I could either wait & get it done today or reschedule. He then said they would be there within a half hour needless to say they weren't so I called again & they said they were around the corner finally showing up at 4:20pm the guy who cleaned the carpets did such a poor job he was done in 30 minutes that in itself should explain a lot considering I got 4 rooms done. I would definitely not recommend them. No discount was offered for making us waste our entire day waiting.
5	Fast Carpet RepairI had some substantial damage to the bottom step of my stairs related to my dog.  I called A One for an estimate, and they dispatched a technician for next day service.  Thereafter, I received a phone call from their office letting me know that the technician (Freddie) was on the way the following morning.  Freddie was pleasant and professional, and he quoted me $100 to do the repair.  His assistant was able to use my left over carpet to repair the damage.  Although he needed to use two separate pieces to cover the area, the seam was unnoticeable.  I would definitely use Freddie again.
1	If you  like hidden charges on your tile and grout cleaning for sure give them a call. I had a coupon for 24 cents a square foot to get my tile and grout cleaned should have cost $50 it came out to $150 because apparently I have stone floors. The floors look okay but could have been better. Also when they say $59 for four rooms that's only for steam cleaning not shampoo and conditioner and treatment that's when they jack up the price 300% I give this company 0 stars
