5	Our family has been attending the Gilbert campus of Sun Valley Community Church for three years now.  Things we love about SVCC Gilbert:The worship experience is uplifting, empowering, modern and eclectic.The teaching is BIBLE based and thematic which is very appealing we learn something new every series, offers fresh insight into some "oldies but goodies" that are frequently taught and introduces us to unfamiliar passages in a relate-able way. Great children's ministry and youth ministry programs including special needs programs.  Host to the a fantastic Celebrate Recovery Program, MOPS programming and a strong women's ministry team.If you are looking for a church home, come try out Sun Valley.  It is 1 church is three locations (Gilbert- the former Bethany Community Campus in Tempe and Casa Grande) collectively there are eight service times to choose from.www.sunvalleycc.com
2	We have been going here to the Gilbert campus about a year and a half. Children's section is fantastic...have had no problems. They give you a card/keyring tag so you can use the scanner yourself and check your child in if need be, and they make you show the matching sticker when you pick your child up. I do not know if the child care or other kids' workers have to go thru background checks.Pastor Chads sermons ( they call them talks) are usually well-delivered, when he is there. It seems about half the time he is not and there is another pastor preaching, though. The student ministry has a lot of fun things to do before and after service in their section, plus they have a juice bar where you can buy smoothies, etc, but the camps are pricey (both winter and summer camp) and my child didn't seem to get much out of camp either time, plus there are bullies at the camps, I guess like everywhere, but they didn't take enough precautions to prevent it even after knowing it had been happening.The church likes to do a lot of various outreaches to the community,  like collect food for the shelters, etc, but sometimes, it seems they have their hands out just a bit too much asking for $$ for the various things so they can meet lofty goals that they set based on previous experience.There are tons of small groups to get involved with. There are also ample opportunities to serve in quite a few areas and it's NOT overwhelming, like "we need u every week!". Both of these things will help you feel like you know people/have friends in such a big church if you participate.Lastly, and this is one of the big disappointments of mine besides the bullying at camp...the music during worship is only so-so. They often sing songs that I have no clue what the song is (I thought maybe it was because I was new at first...but I am not new now and still happening). They rarely sing any older contemporary songs or hymns. And, to top it off...after every single song, the band does not transition naturally to the next song. They stop and wait for clapping!  Soo offensive, bordering on either disorganization/can't figure out how to transition (doubtful) or arrogance.  The current worship pastor at least applauds with ppl like he is clapping to the Lord and not looking for his own pat on the back,  but I got the scoop from an insider...they want it to feel like a concert environment.  To me, worship is for the Lord and shouldn't be concert-esque. Should be worshipful and upward-focused. Fyi current service times: Sat 430 amd 6pm. Sun 9, 1030, 1159am. I do not believe they have all the teen groups' programs during all the services, though.
5	This is an amazing church with great teaching. I have 2 daughters that both go to their student ministries and they love it. My wife and I lead a small group that is not only a great way to connect with other couples socially we are able to go deeper with the teaching from the weekend. We love Sun Valley because their mission is clear: Helping people Meet, Know and Follow Jesus. Great church!
