4	Nestled on rue St-Denis, Bar Passeport has been catering to the city's vibrant underground club scene since 1982. Once you step inside and walk down the stairs, the atmosphere is cozy. You don't feel like you're in a club at all, until you find yourself on the dancefloor, moving your body to The Sisters of Mercy. Depending on which night you go, you can hear anything from industrial-goth, techno, trance and house. I was there for Rebirth, which plays industrial, goth to EBM music, and for a Wednesday night, it was busy. They also organize special guest DJ nights too, just check their website for any line-up changes.
5	I visited Montreal from the U.S. in Oct 2013 and wanted to go somewhere a bit "underground" where the locals go to hear and dance to good music and someone told me about Bar Passport.. apparently it's been around for a long time and plays amazing music so I checked it out. I was by myself and one of the first to arrive at 10pm on Friday for their Extoek night and was immediately welcomed into the place by one of the owners Hugo who actually put me on the guest list as I arrived! Once I went in, I had a chance to talk to Hugo and his awesome, friendly staff who like everyone in Montreal speak fluent French and English. The whole staff made me feel really welcome and the music was absolutely AWESOME!!  There's a bar and a few tables and space in one room and the dance floor is in the next room with a side area of small tables and chairs and standing space. Within about an hour the place filled up with a really fun and nice group of friendly happy locals. It was Halloween weekend so lots of fun costumes.  I pretty much danced right up till the end when the lights came on. It was my best and most fun night in the 5 days I spent in Montreal.  If you're into good trance, house, techno, progressive stuff in a more intimate setting with cool locals this is your place. They also have goth and new wave nights too! THANK YOU HUGO!!  You and your crew ROCK.. AMAZING!! I hope to be back over the summer.
5	Once upon a time, Montreal had an insane club scene. Bars like Le Business, Le Lezard, Thunderdome, La Nausee, places  where the locals were usually dressed in head-to-toe black and bumping, grinding and slam-dancing to underground/alternative heavyweights like Depeche Mode, Nitzer Ebb, KMFDM, Front 242, Meat Beat Manifesto, Soft Cell, Love and Rockets and The Cure and so much more. When you actually grew up in that era, when that music first came out, you get spoiled. Music afterwards just does no justice to those days and judging from the comments I see at Youtube underneath the videos of some of these aforementioned bands, I know I'm not the only one who is feeling the same nostalgia.So if you were into 80's alternative, old skool industrial dance, can't stand listening to Beyonce or Lady Gaga,  Bar Passeport is the place for you.  Sure you'll see old-timers whose waists are a little thicker, hair is a little greyer and yes, Passeport doesn't have the size of the old K.O.X/Station C club but if you're itching to dance to Nitzer Ebb's "Hearts and Minds" and want to automatically feel like 20 years has magically vanished, seriously come here, make a request to the DJ and dance your ass off.
5	best underground bar/club known to me
