5	While I haven't been a regular customer, I've tried several different classes here over the past year or so and enjoyed all of them. Each instructor opens and manages the studio for his/her particular class. It gives it a laid back feel--with relaxed and stress-free management. I love that about this place. They make it as affordable as yoga can be, too, at $10/session. The classes range from a few people to about 12-15 (?), and my instructors have tried to personalize the classes when the classes are on the smaller side. The Web site has course descriptions, and I have been to ones that are appropriate for beginning to intermediate levels (and they were appropriate for these levels). I recommend trying this place--even if just for the laid-back "Madison" experience of it.
5	This is my favorite yoga studio of all times. I went to several classes a week while I was living in Madison for the summer. This was a few years ago but I still remember it clearly because that's how much I love this place!I forgot my teacher's name but she was pure awesome. The class was challenging...actually it was really challenging...but that's what I love about it. We did kirtan before every class, which really helped us to relax and be present for our practice.  I suggest going to this place and then eating at the weary traveler (after a shower of cause).
4	Wednesday morning, after the St.Patrick's Day festivities, my husband and I craved some Bikram yoga. After a quick search, we saw that Perfect Knot offered Bikram on a limited basis. Note: The studio teaches many forms of yoga, Bikram is one. We arrived for the 9:00 am class and the instructor was super-chill. The drop-in classes were only $10, which evened out for the 90 degree room. Typical Bikram classes are 105 degrees and can run you $15-$18/class, so it was like cutting a deal with money and heat. Fair enough, I'm open-minded. Class was slightly different, but it satisfied our craving. They offer comp mats that can be cleaned with tea tree oil after class. Small groups, nice lighting, quiet location...check them out!
5	My favorite yoga in town. Beautiful space- natural light, wood floors, very calming. Also conveniently located in the heart of the happening Willy St. Neighborhood. Fave teachers: Lisa and Kristen. Lisa incorporates kirtan and African dance and is a goddess. Kristen is grounded and expertly guides you deep into your practice- either way you'll come out feeling like a new person!
5	Wow. just wow! Awesome classes, great energy.This is yoga for the big leagues! By this I mean: this is real. If you are only doing yoga for the health benefits, you probably won't like it here. (it will be overwhelming) The teachers lead you in chanting, meditation, and dancing through poses. Amazing dancing! I loooooove to dance through the poses, which is fun and difficult. The teachers truly stress a flow that really compliments the body, and not a series.This is the way yoga should be.
5	Great, diverse classes and teachers in a beautiful space. Definitely the best studio I've ever practiced in.
5	Oh the perfect knot is such a zen place. It is my happy place! I used to go to the perfect knot when I was a student here and enjoyed classes particularly with Lisa a lot. After graduation I moved to a few different places and continued to practice yoga. It was then I discovered what a special place the perfect knot really was! ( just like the songs say, you don't know how good you have it until it is gone )After moving back to madison I went to revisit the perfect knot and sure enough it was as good as I remembered it to be. So here are the logistics of the place. It is a hot yoga studio. It's in the cool funky neighborhood of willy. You can drop in or sign up for a pass. This is not your cookie cutter hot yoga studio full of skinny girls trying to tone. As I said in the beginning of this review, this place is zen.
