5	This place is a must for going out and watching a football game, or two or three. Great food, fun atmosphere, and a cozy Chicago feel. Definitely a new fave:)
2	I was happy to see a new place open in the neighborhood where I could get dinner and a beer when I work late.  One night I called about 8:50 to ask if they were still open to have dinner.  A pleasant lady on the phone said, "Yes, our kitchen is open until 10." I arrived about 9:10 and when I walked in the bartender said, "The kitchen is just about to close, but we can make you something." which didn't feel very inviting.  I was by myself and ordered a beer.  When the beer arrived I ordered some wings and a Classic Combo Pizza.  Yes, I failed to specify what size, but I was alone so I assumed the bartender would know I meant a 12" pizza.  When the pizza arrived it was huge!  He entered in a 16" pizza which the menu says serves 4-5!  When I got my bill it was $44 for one person.  I paid and left, but it kept bothering me that this guy entered in a large 16" pizza to up my bill...I was eating pizza for 4 days.  The pizza was delicious! but the service left a bad taste in my mouth.
2	I have been their a few times to grab food and a beer.  They did a great job on the build out amazing bar with televisions everywhere and the food is top notch.  That's where it stops.  The service has a lot to be desired.  Recommend only for takeout.
4	Many TV sets. Feel of a neighborhood place. Very friendly and accommodating. Thin and thick pizza. Menu for children. Owner greets us each time.
5	Absolutely the best customer service and the food is fantastic! This particular Rosati retaurant is a Rosat'is sports bar and the atmosphere is wonderful-the layout is spacious and inviting whether you are with your family or a large group. Exceptional sound acoustics-top quality televisions and they have incredible patio space as well.
5	Great place. Perfect for lunch or dinner or just grabbing a drink. Great sports bar feel, but family friendly.
5	Just had an amazing lunch, and now can't wait to see the cardinals on all these tv's!
