1	Are you a pretentious twit who is desperate to fit in with the Yah crowd at Edinburgh uni? Then Jack Wills is for you! What a ridiculous shop. You really make an arse out of yourself by spending 70 pounds on a hoody declaring you are part of the Rowing team at Cambridge. I think it's time to reexamine your life if this seems like a good idea. The staff are just as ridiculous. The girls obviously jam their fingers into electricity sockets before they leave the house in order to achieve such big, hideous hair. When did wearing tracky bottoms and looking like you have just rolled out of bed become fashionable? Prats.
2	Although ideally I'd like to launch some witty attack on the Jack Wills brand, on second thought it's not really their fault.True, I associate the baggy sweat pants, ridiculous hooded tops and crisp high collared polo shirts with Jack Wills and it's something I'm not fond of. Realistically, it's Edinburgh's toff culture that has elevated the hatred of Jack Wills to new levels and it's this point, namely the combination of Rahs and Jack Wills clothing, that is the crucial point to consider.Still, Jack Wills is a shameless copy of Abercrombie & Fitch and thus has little dignity. Utter crap.
4	I'm not really a fashionista, other than a vicarious interest in it. I wouldn't particularly say I was into big designers, and I certainly hate that preppy, university look that is held in such high regard by tabloids, hype inducing magazines like Heat and fashion blogs. So why did I end up really liking this shop? A world first for me, perhaps, especially if you bear in mind I shop in charity shops. It's expensive enough for it to be outwith my everyday price range, but I wouldn't overlook it if I was looking to dress myself for a special occasion. The floral print dresses weren't old fashioned or contrived - they were actually pretty cool. And they had some nice shirts for guys, along with festival inspired t shirt prints.The staff were equally as cool - I was worried I'd feel like a fish out of water with my frizzy hair and pauper's chic (I wear it well) but the staff were really accomodating, checking on a number of occasions if I was ok. And no, they didn't think I was a shoplifter before you start, or at least I hope they didn't! They were very friendly without being pushy, and didn't patrol the shop the way that some retail assistants are forced to do by their corporate minded managers. It was all very laid back and, believe it or not, quite down to earth! Yes, I know 70 pounds for a rain jacket is a bit much, and certainly I don't know many people at this present moment in time who could afford it. But if you are being a bit over indulgent and can afford it, then you might as well! We live in a society that teaches us that it's ok to splurge, so if you want to it's not your fault (wink wink).I didn't hate it as much as I thought I was going to - I actually liked it for what it is. Just goes to show that even the cynics can be surprised - a good shop is a good shop. And a jolly good shop this is.
3	Jack Willis or "University Outfitters" is really not my bag at all. I'm the least studenty student ever, and people who wear hoodies with their University logo on it just annoy me, quite frankly. If you do wear Uni hoodies then cool, this place is for you.Everything here is very smart; polo shirts, blazers, rain coats, frilled skirts and a range of clothing for guys and girls.I can imagine the guys who shop here are overly fashion conscious, wear friendship bracelets and go sailing in their spare time but maybe it's just because the only guy I know who shops here ticks all of those boxes.Some of the clothes are nice, I guess, but this kind of shop just isn't for me.
1	Bottles of Pimm's, friendship bracelets, salmon pink cardigans, rugby balls and croquet. If there's ever a store that sums up the difference between Glasgow and Edinburgh it's this one. Over there, even among the Glasgow Uni poshos, if you wore a t-shirt with "Oxford Tiddlywinks Champion 2010" emblazoned on the front, they'd assume it was just a windup. Over here, in certain circles at least, it's somewhat of a fashion craze, and epitomises a side to Edinburgh life that thankfully is very easily avoided, but I really wish just wasn't there at all.To sum up, it's a clothing brand aimed solely at public school kids and alumni, and they open up branches in places where these people can be found in great numbers. Some are in London, many are in non-cities such as Bath and York, one is bizzarely in Aberdeen, and sadly we have one here, predictably on George Street. It's notable that they tend to avoid gritty industrial landscapes like Manchester, Liverpool, and of course our neighbours in the West, but a few 1st year rugby boys aside, I doubt they'll be missed.Hated by locals, but loved by the temporary visitors who arrogantly see themselves as the city's elite, it's elitism at it's mosty blatant,  something we may see more of now that Honest Dave is calling the shots.
1	With about as much ethnic diversity in store as you'd find in the Nuremburg rallies, Jack Wills is the clothing you wear if you feel the need to proclaim to the world 'I am a complete, and utter, cock'.Also it's expensive.
4	Jack wills is a chain you also find in London.The store in Edinburgh is very big "alive" and nice, prices are reasonable, In the store they use a similar frangence that  are similar to Abercromie and Fitch(not good), (btw abercrombie is just for geeks). Jack wills is more updated and trendy have nice selection of different clothes from rugby clothes to nice coates.They have a theme in blue/lilac stripes very nice.
3	I so want this to be my shop and style (I do own a few JW shirts and a big college shawl) but every time I am visiting I am going like 'nah, just not me, y'know'? But somehow I am drawn to its style and clothing offerings and every time I am thinking, hoping, wishing - Maybe this time, who knows. Then I look at the clientele, and the prices and set myself up for another disappointment. It is me - to old to look good in college outfits - young enough to care that I don't .. So a 3 star for them being just what they are to me and not for what they are to others.
