4	4 Stars for now, because I have only eaten there once. I had the chicken cordon bleu and chose the sweet potato fries and mushroom and corn risotto. My wife had half a rack of ribs with red beans and the risotto, as well. The sweet potato fries are very good. Very well cooked, crispy and lightly seasoned. My wife enjoyed her food, too. I guess the main issue I have is the risotto. Although very tasty, it is not quite in the consistency of a risotto that I have typically eaten. They could maybe make it in a creamy consistency or change the name to mushroom and corn rice. This is not a complaint, merely a criticism. As for the drinks, I had the Marley's Sweet tea, it's their own version of the Long Island Ice Tea. I enjoyed it very much because of the distinct whiskey taste. I love whiskey. My wife had their version of the Mai Tai called, "The 1944,"  paying tribute to the original Trader Vic's Mai Tai version of 1944. She liked it very much. Our server, Sean, was quite a pleasant fellow. Very proper and attentive. I should have given them a 5 star rating for Sean alone. The owners (mom, daughter and son), were present tonight and we saw them working around making sure to give a helping hand to their staff. Oh, and the cornbread was also good.They also have a bar and their happy hour is from 3-6 p.m. I think they should add another hour to it. Their TV sets are situated very well.
4	Hand patted burgers with in house ground beef, hand breaded tenders. They also have kiltlifter on tap and a decent happy hour. They are right next to Sun city, so it a little laid back, but service is friendly and fast! The blue cheese crubles are so tastey on the burgers but the blue cheese dressing isn't home made, so skip it unless u like the.more sour blue.cheese. the ranch is normal. We will definately be back. Oh, they also had colering books and crayons for the kids!
4	First time visit for dinner. Four people in our party. Nice place. Limited menu. Food very fairly priced. Three of us had the salmon which was moist and tasty. One had a hamburger, which he said was very good, and had similar praise for the sweet potato fries as well.Other friends we saw at another table, said the liver and onions were delicious...and they are hard people to please.Service was excellent. More iced tea delivered even before a glass was empty. Owners help deliver the food, and all servers seemed to be doing a very effective job. The other thing I liked is that the server told us what the special of the evening was, instead of assuming that we saw it on the board, on our way in. Many restaurant servers "assume" that you know what the specials are, and don't bother telling you.The only reason I didn't rate this 5 stars was because we all asked that the garlic butter sauce be left off of the salmon. Two of the 3 dishes came with the sauce on the salmon. The server was very apologetic and offered to take them back, but the 2 people kept it. We'll definitely be back.
5	I have taken my wife there for Sunday brunch and other family members another Sunday, also for brunch. I enjoyed the omelette  bar very much, the chef is a friendly man always smiling even when it's busy. As usual, Sean was tremendous, as well as John, the other server. When John was busy, Sean helps out and vice versa even if it's not their table. Really great people there. I also enjoyed the thin slices of sausage patties with biscuit and gravy. The price is excellent for $9.99.
5	Great food, great service at a reasonable price.Thank you for bring a great business to Surprise that believes in service.
2	Marley's is fairly new and locally owned so my husband and I were looking forward to dining here. I wish I had read the filtered, negative reviews on this site before trying this restaurant for lunch. It would have saved us $23 and we could have had a decent meal somewhere else.We stopped in for lunch around 12:30 on a Wednesday. We were seated immediately and found the hostess to be polite as was our server. The menu has a nice mix of hot and cold items, mostly salads, soups and sandwiches. The restaurant does have nice ambiance--it's warm colors and comfortable seating are very inviting. If only Marley's paid as much attention to their food as they did to the decor.I ordered the Croissant Club sandwich with fries and my husband ordered the grilled fish sandwich with kettle chips. After ten minutes, the waiter reappeared to inform me that they were out of croissants and asked what kind of bread did I want. A more experienced server would have offered to either show me the menu again, or at least offer what other bread choices were available. I had to inquire what my options were, and they were limited to sourdough, rye or wheat. For a restaurant with so many sandwich items, I would have expected more choices but perhaps they were out of those as well.  The food arrived in a timely fashion, but was disappointing. The club sandwich includes smoked turkey, avocado, tomato, lettuce and bacon. The avocado was not just oxidized but rotten. The bacon, which I expected to be cooked fresh, was stone cold, precooked and poorly rendered. The turkey, while fresh, tasted like generic grocery store deli meat infused with fake smoke flavor. The bread was lightly toasted and also tasted like it came from the grocery store. The french fries were warm, but had no seasoning at all. With his first bite of the grilled fish sandwich, my husband bit down on a bone. He pointed it out to the waiter who said to just keep eating it because there probably wouldn't be many more bones in it. Pity about the fish because it was the only thing on either of our plates with any seasoning. The coleslaw was bland and a tiny portion. The sandwich came with kettle fries, many of which were crisp, some of which were soggy and none of which had seasoning.The menu stated that our dishes would come with a cookie. They didn't, but that was okay because they probably would have just come from the grocery store anyway. We really wanted to like this place, but the food just isn't worth it.Sorry, Marley.
2	GENERIC BUT.. Locally owned and operated. I want them to be sucessful but all I could think of was GENERIC, VANILLA, Seen it before, below average quality. Being locally owned I want it to be successful...just not sure the owners really understand the whole idea.  Sparse, and average at best. Marleys needs to find a niche quickly. Also 8 pm closing hour during the week......way too early for his type of business. 10 pm would be fine.
3	Service from our waiter was excellent...Food was pretty goodThe Hostess that worked on March 19, 2012 was the rudest I have run into in a very long time.My co-worker and I had our lunch, she had ordered a Bloody Mary (which she had drank half of it) and we were enjoying ourselves chatting after our lunch. We had been there about an hour and the Hostess came to our table and ask us to leave!!! Yes she ask us to leave because she had people waiting! She didn't come and ask us or try to explain to us that we would really be helping her if we would leave, she just ask us to leave flat and dry, we were appalled.Wow, in 60+ years that has never happen to either one of us. That Hostess needs to go to polishing school and learn some manners before Marley's looses all their costumers!Thank you for listening,P. Munn
2	Last time we ate here I rated it a 5... This time was average. I ordered 2 8oz steaks, a 6oz steak and a Philly cheesesteak. The food was average at best and the service wasn't much better. The server did a great job but I probably will not go back.While we were sitting outside a different waiter had the nerve to pull the heater away to his table without asking us first, very rude...
5	Marley's is a nice change from all the chain restaurants in Surprise. Dinner menu was diverse without having too many items to choose from. Definitely something for everyone. Service was very good from both the host and hostess as well as our waiter. Prices are very reasonable!! Dinner for 2, including wine, was under $30. Peach cornbread was delicious!! My Cobb Salad was very good... All fresh ingredients and a generous portion. Hubby had Chicken Parm. That too was delicious but the sauce was a little less 'traditional' in that it contained mushrooms, celery, green bell peppers, sausage and other seasonings. Like I said, it was delicious, just not the usual marinara some might expect.  Looking forward to going back to try lunch and/or Sunday Brunch.
4	We ate there for lunch a few weeks back.  Had the soup and salad lunch special.  After my wife ate the soup, a large bowl not a cup, she was full.  She took the salad home.  My clam chowder was great and salad was really good.  Salad dressing was very good.  Going back for dinner with 3 other couples in a few days.  I don't usually write reviews but this place is very good for the price.
3	I met a friend for a quick drink here, but decided not to order one once I saw the bar.  I think the restaurant actually looks really nice and the drink prices are actually good, but the bar is so small.  Does not compel me to stay and hang out with friends.  I did order the flat bread, but I didn't love it.  The service was great though.
5	We got there at 5:30pm and were seated right away.  Notice there was a crowd as we were leaving.  So we got there just at the right time.  Our waitress was excellent, friendly with a very nice smile and sparkly eyes.  We ordered their Friday Fish Fry, it was awesome, deep fried cod, 3 large pcs. For each of us, choice of potato.  My hubby had a baked potato, and I had the sweet potato fries,  yummy, and cold slaw.  Also an extra perk, our waitress brought us a fresh baked peach cornbread mini loaf with whipped butter, this was complimentary. Very nice addition to the Surprise eating fair!  By the way food was very good and we got it very quickly.  We were out by 6:15 pm.
3	Food is ok.  Drinks were ok.  But come on, 8 and 9 pm closes?  That's fine, but remove Bar from your name.
5	I have visited here twice and both times I had the chicken Parmesan.  This place serves the best chicken Parmesan that I have ever eaten.  You can tell they use fresh ingredients. My husband had the Salmon, veggies, and baked potato.  He cleaned his plate in less than five minutes.  My sister had the Jambalaya which she loved.  The kids that were with us had spaghetti and chicken fingers and they were so happy.  My nephew had a burger that the bread was dipped in egg I believe and cooked. He loved the burger.  The staff is very friendly. I would not hesitate to visit here again.  Marley's is a very good place to eat.************UPDATE********I don't know what has happened to Marley's.  I have eaten here at least 5 other times and see a constant decline.  I always order the chicken parmesan which I have renamed Chicken surprise.  You never know what  you are getting. The sauces from visit to visit are extremely different and the quality of the chicken varies as well.  The dish taste, smells, and looks different every time  I order.  I went from raving about the chicken parmesan to now knowing that I will never eat it from there again.  I know they are a new business, but I think if they don't get their act together they will go under. I have told lots of people about this place and they were visiting, but now they are complaining that the quality of the food has changed.  If you can't afford to serve quality food maybe they should shut down.  I will give them one more try maybe in a month or so, but if I don't see a change I will not continue to patronage them.
5	Marley's is everything a person is looking for in a casual dining experience. The staff is amazingly upbeat and nice. They are always quick to greet you with a smile. The ambiance is very inviting, there are comfortable booths with high backs for privacy. There are a few flat screens around the perimeter of the restaurant to watch the game on. The is also a small separate bar area that seats about 10 people.The menu is the staple of this dining experience! although the menu is somewhat condensed, the diversity is absolutely superb. there is a hint of southern soul food, all american dishes, some italian influence and by far some of the best desserts i have ever had.The staff, though small, is like a family. every time my girlfriend and I go in everyone from the servers to the owners approach us to welcome us and converse with us. And the prices!!!! every time we go in we  have an appetizer, entrees a couple of drinks and sometimes dessert and we have never spent over $40 there. As much as i would love to suggest a dish to try, I cant pin point just one. i can honestly tell you i have not had a single dish here that was even just ok. everything is on point.This place is a perfect example of a well executed dining establishment and if you are looking for a place to dine in Surprise, you would be doing a disservice to yourself by not trying this place
4	Nice lunch menu selections, and very reasonably priced.  I ordered a sandwich/soup combo and it was more than enough food for lunch!  Service was good, and the atmosphere was nice.  Can't wait to try it for dinner!
4	We tried Marley's last weekend for breakfast.  It is a three meal restaurant & they do have a bar...it doesn't look like your typical breakfast place & most people might miss it.  Our server was extremely friendly & attentive, and the food was very good.  Husband & picky-eater daughter were both happy with their generously portioned breakfast burritos, son had a combo breakfast & I had French toast.  Basic breakfast fare.  Worth a try vs the chain breakfast places, as you won't have the long weekend wait times.  I prefer to support local businesses when I can.
5	We got there at 5:30pm and were seated right away.  Notice there was a crowd as we were leaving.  So we got there just at the right time.  Our waitress was excellent, friendly with a very nice smile and sparkly eyes.  We ordered their Friday Fish Fry, it was awesome, deep fried cod, 3 large pcs. For each of us, choice of potato.  My hubby had a baked potato, and I had the sweet potato fries,  yummy, and cold slaw.  Also an extra perk, our waitress brought us a fresh baked peach cornbread mini loaf with whipped butter, this was complimentary. Very nice addition to the Surprise eating fair!  By the way food was very good and we got it very quickly.  We were out by 6:15 pm.
3	Been here many times, as others have stated one of the few non-chains in Surprise.  Can really only point out a couple things from all the times we have been here.  The servers are outstanding for the most part.  We did have a male waiter once who seemed to be new and was not so great but the ladies who have been there since they opened up are all fantastic.The problem here in my opinion is the food.  It has really started to slide and is at the point now where I really prefer to go on weekends for breakfast because I cannot find  anything on the dinner menu that I want.   The burgers are ok, but I do not always want that as a dinner entree.   When you get into the steaks and such, it is just plain not good.   Breakfast continues to be pretty good.Overall if the food quality doesn't improve I doubt they will make it long, which is too bad because it is a nice atmosphere, and a lot of good people there.
4	Marley's.  What a find.  Friendly, friendly staff.  Rick took good care of us.  Sports bar setting.  But the food....wow.  Some of the best I've had.  My wife loved the steak salad.
5	I've been there only a few times. I was impressed with service right away, greeted very warmly. Prices are decent. I went for lunch both times and loved the food! I had the reuben and it was the best I've ever had. I'm definitely returning and letting everyone I know in the area to give the place a try.
4	We decided to stop off here after church, always have wanted to try this place! I ordered the build it your self skillet, o'briens potatos. bacon, bell peppers, over easy eggs on top! with a side of gravy. I really didn't want to have the gravy, so I ate this with out, this skillet had a lot of flavor! Portions are very large, service was great! Wife had the breakfast burrito, again it was very large! Came with potatos, bacon, cheese, eggs, salsa, and sour cream. She was very happy with her choice. We want to come back for lunch or dinner. Give you and update at that time!
4	Came back for dinner! We ordered the sloppy joe's appetizers! WOW! This was good,  this brought back some memories of how mom made them! On a very soft but toasted roll,  they pile on this great mixture of ground beef and spicy tomato based sauce! I ordered their Pork tenderloin with a caramelized base sauce! This was probably on of my favorite dishes I have every had! Until I took a bite off my wife's steak!! Her steak just melted in my mouth! Not going to lie here! But Marley;s is beginning to be our favorite place to eat now!!
4	Have eaten here several times and always enjoyed the experience.  For some unknown reason, haven't been there in awhil, so we decided to go for dinner last night.  Place was packed (mostly with snowbirds - shorts and tee-shirts in 50 degree weather).  Food was great as always (one eggplant dinner and one liver & onions dinner) but the service was POOR.  Waiter took our order and we never saw him (or anyone else) again until he brought the check.  Large party a few tables away so maybe that was the reason.  Won't stop use from going back.  Much better here then the chain places.
5	My husband and I have been here for lunch & dinner. Great food! Lunch they have specials that are very affordable! Service was great, will definitely be back!
3	Went Friday night for the first time.  Right off when you walked in a strong fish smell.  I have always heard that fresh fish doesn't have a smell. Four of us ordered four different things and we would rate them from mediocre to bad.  We all decided we might go back for lunch but not diner.In my opinion, their menu is all over the place.  Home cooking like liver and Italian dishes and steaks chops and shrimp.  Do less and do it better!
4	We stopped by Marley's for lunch before the Rangers Spring Training Game. Marley's was very clean, had good food, very reasonably priced and the wait staff was very courteous. I got the lunch special. You could pick 2 items from Soup, Salad, Half Sandwich. I got the Turkey Avocado sandwich and Cesar Salad. The Cesar Salad was very good and the Sandwich did the trick. Beer was cold, game was on TV. The lunch crowd seems to be a much older crowd, but what did we care.
5	Had lunch here for the first time today. Staff was terrific!  We were greeted warmly at the door and our waitress, Judy was friendly, helpful and very professional.  The food was excellent. I had the pulled pork sandwich and sweet potato fries and my friend had the vegetable beef soup.  Everything was delicious.  I am so happy to know about the restaurant - we will be coming back often!!!!
5	Wow..New to the area and have found my home away from home! Menu has  something for everyone. Service is attentive and staff is friendly.   Must have:  the homemade peach cornbread!   Everything is fresh and cooked to perfection. Favorite dishes so far are the pork tenderlion and the chicken parmesan.
1	Won't be returning.Came for breakfast because the website said they had waffles.Our server said they discontinued waffles because they were too popular and couldn't keep up with the demand.... Wow.Additionally, I wonder what happened in that parking lot for them to need to put 'Don't park here unless you are a Marley's customer' signs on every spot?  It doesn't appear to be a terribly busy lot.
3	My boyfriend and I went there for dinner after hearing good reviews.  They place had a good atmosphere, there were a lot of order people there but it still had a young feel for it.  Our waitress was amazing!  We had the fried pickles which were so good, they fried the whole pickle!  I had they guacamole burger, which was nothing too special, it had a lot of avocado and not that much flavor otherwise.  The meat on the burger was amazing though.  My boyfriend got the Jalapeno Burger, it was interesting not a spicy as you might think, but really good.
5	Brian was excellent and made wonderful recommendations on what to try. The food was delicious and the split pea soup was the best I have ever had. Yes, even better than Anderson's. try it, you'll live it. And ask for Brian."
4	I was immediately greeted when I walked in and seated within 3 mins if that. The menu was not difficult to navigate. I got the jambalaya and tried the sloppy joe sliders. I also had a margharita to drink. The sliders were amazing. They make the buns fresh in house. The peach cornbread that came with the meal was ok. My server Donna was great and attentive. The jambalaya came with more cornbread. I would have preferred some french bread or garlic bread.  The shrimp was slightly overdone, but was very tasty.overall. I would order it again. But the crowd was about 50+ so I felt a little out of place. Overall a good experience with great service.
2	Not going to to be a returning customer....at least for breakfast. The buffet of Fathers Day was cold and extremely limited. The only saving grace was that the staff was friendly and attentive. I liked the taste of the food, but it would have benn much better if it was warm.
1	First time decided to check a new place. Ordered " Friday special" -Cod fish with cole claw and fried pickles. Pickles were under cooked with tooooo much flour . Cod nor seasoning at ALL!!!! Like eating raw soft potato. Cole slaw did not have ANY seasoning ..... I can make all that meal MUCH better! Will not be back!!!
2	So I am changing my rating from 5 stars to a generous 2.
2	The service was really good, it was very clean but the food was not appetizing at all. I would not recommend or return there again.
3	Average food. Hubby had hamburger but didn't feel it was anything he has had before. I ordered the flatbread, but could not eat it...very bland & oily. The dough was not cooked through & had to send it back. It still wasn't edible when I got it back. They did take it off my check, so I give them kudos for that.The service was excellent, there weren't many people there. After hearing such positive reviews, I was disappointed & won't be going back because the food just wasn't good enough.
2	I had stayed away for about a year for dinner and had lunch twice during the last year.  We had gone in with a group of 12, the first dinner trip we made to Marley's and altho we first first to arrive, another large group arriving after us got seated first...I asked if if the restaurant had took reservations, was told no, and when I asked about the other group, I was told they had reservations (huh??).  Anyway, we given 7 glasses of water for 12 people and of the rest of us who ordered salads, only one appeared. Took 45 min. for our order to be taken.  After all the others got served, turned out they forgot to put in orders for 2 of us.  So we went back last week to see if there was an improvement.  Waited ten minutes to be seated after owner told us it would 3 seconds til they finished clearing off the tables.  Waited a loooong time get a server..requested water without lemon..we all got lemon anyway except for one of us who got no water at all.  Four of the seven of us got bread plates..the rest of us needed to wait for a plate.  Loooong wait for our salads..last time, which was for lunch, I was told I couldn't have my salad first since it was a side dish to the entree..told owner that is unlike any place I had ever gone to before...he got an atitude and asked me if I ever ran a restaurant....at least this time, we the salads before the entree.  One order was not what was ordered..altho we were told we could get the early bird special since we were seated before 6, the server said we hadn't ordered before 6 (maybe cuz we waited about 20 min for him to take our order..we complained about that and it was taken care of.  Bottom line....this place needs to be organized better..nobody knows what they're doing...the food was ok...service dismal..too many other choices.
1	Marleys in Surprise has the worst food ever!  Meatloaf was dry and had no flavor. Pork chops had a weird taste. Hubby ordered coleslaw and got a loaded baked potato. Then he was charged extra for a potato he didn't even order. We had to argue with the server to get her to take it off the bill. Ugh! I hate paying for bad food!!!  Won't go back.
2	Went with a friend for drinks, they close super early (830). Wha they began closing at 815 piling up tvs and electronics in the booth next to us. I won't be back.
4	We have been twice and the food is good and the menu offers a lot of selections.  The service was good the first time and a bit slow the second.  Parking is a bit limited and the sign is hard to see from the road unless you know where it is.  Owners formerly ran Mojos in Sun City.
4	Just a quick update,Marley's is one of our favorite restaurant in the West Valley. On our last visit, I had their BBQ ribs with their new fresh cut fries. First of all, I am not a fan of their new fries. Wished they never changed! Fries were to greasy, and salty. Please go back to the old fries. Their ribs was a huge portion, I thought is was pretty good. I have had better, seen them more tender. Flavor was good, but it seemed to be more from the sauce. Glad I tried them, they have much better option on the menu.
1	Will never return, simply not worth it.  Had a "1/2 lb" burger the other night and it was more like a half oz.  Server was way over his head too.  All in all the place is not a good restaurant.  Won't waste another trip hoping for better.
4	Here on business and wanted to find a good place to go for dinner went to yelp and found Marleys it was a little hard to find but was worth it. Great service, nice atmosphere. My husband had a burger was good, best thing was the flatbread chicken we would go agian.
4	I have been craving a good burger for a few weeks now and living in Surprise, there are slim pickins. However, after a quick yelp search the beau found Marleys just 10 minutes away from us who boasted the best burgers in Surprise. So of course, I had to go.It was pretty quiet on a Thursday night. We were seated right away. Our waiter was nice but service was a tad slow. We both ordered burgers. My beau had the jalapeno burger while I went for the bbq bacon cheeseburger. Their beer menu is pretty small. Mostly domestics, nothing too appealing. However, the rest of their food menu is pretty extensive. Definitely worth a look next time.The burgers came out in about 15 minutes and were very good. Definitely the best I've had in Surprise. It was obvious that the patties were hand crafted and not frozen at all. I highly suggest swapping out fries for onion rings. They were perfectly crisp.Btw - Marley's closes pretty early for a bar and restaurant. They close at 8pm so I'd def get my butt in there early if you're craving a good burger!
5	Today my wife and I were running errands and getting hungry.  As we drove down Bell Road we found Marley's and thought that we would give it a try.  I thought that it was associated with Dan Marley, not so.  It is a local family owned place.  As we walked in it was obvious that we were the only customers in the place which made it a little scary for us but the staff said that we were between the lunch and the happy hour people, it was just after 2:00 in the afternoon on a Wednesday..  Our waiter, Dillon showed us to a booth and supplied us with menus and silverware.  He brought us our drinks and was very patient as we perused the menu.  Finally we both decided to have the Guacamole Burger, mine medium and hers well done. The thing about bacon on a burger is that it must be done right, crispy without being burned and the bacon was perfect.  Great burger made with fresh ground meat, never frozen according to Dillon. The restaurant was clean from the floor to the booth.  Staff was professional and friendly and the food was great. We would not hesitate going back there and recommending this to our friends and family.
5	Well I must saying after moving from a  big city like Detroit I didn't realize how spoiled I actually was (by way of great food) after moving to Arizona. Until I yelped for homemade hambugers  that had awesrome reviews for their hamburgers, So we decided to give it a try and to my  and husbands amazement it was Amazing Best Burgers Around!!! it listed a little bar and grill near my home in surprise, az called Marley's Bar and Grill. Its a must try I ordered the BBC Bacon Burger with pepper jack cheese and let me tell you it was awesome a bit pricey but well worth it!! Specials between 4-6 p.m. $1.00 off the special menu only. The place could do for a bit of a remodeling but other then that food was amazing! !
