4	Can't believe I'm the first to write a review. I love this place and especially Jody! I've been going here a year and I am never disappointed. Jody is patient and listens to what I want in color and style. She is an absolute perfectionist and has cut my bangs very patiently so they are feathered and light and just the way I wanted them. Recently I was stopped in the mall and was asked who cut and colored my hair. That has NEVER happened before. If you want an attentive stylist who is awesome at color, go here and ask for Jody.
5	I followed my stylist (Aimee G.) here from another salon.  She's amazing!  I've been going to her for about 6-7 years and I've never been unhappy with a haircut/color.  The salon itself is very laid back and everyone that works there is friendly and helpful.  Highly recommend!
4	My friend recommended this place to me since I'm EXTREMELY picky when it comes to picking a hair stylist. Every place that I've been to before Santa Fe I was never completely satisfied. So my friend told me you HAVE to ask for Tara when coming here. Boy was she right! She is extremely friendly and very accommodating to your needs. Tara does an amazing job with my hair. I always leave here loving my hair cut. Not only is the hair cut and style important to me, but also the way the hairstylist trims my bangs as well. I'm almost never satisfied with my bangs cut everywhere I go, but Tara has never disappointed me in this area as well. The only thing I haven't gotten to experience yet is getting my hair colored with her. That is something I definitely want to try in the near future and I'm sure my fellow Yelpers will be hearing about that journey as well. =) I absolutely LOVE this place and can't imagine going anywhere else to get my haircut now. I'll be extremely disappointed the day Tara retires. lol. Not to mention it is down the street from my house which is another plus. You definitely won't be disappointed coming here. =)
5	Jody! Go see Jody!  She is the owner of the salon and such a great stylist.  I found her through a co-worker.  An awesome find!  She does a great job and is reasonably priced.  She is super flexible and can get you in fast.  The salon is small and cute.  Skip the fancy salons and go see Jody.
