5	So I got in over  my head with two amazing Belgian Malinois. I'm a strong owner and pack leader, but trial and error was taking far too long and costing me far too much (furniture). Thank God I found Jonny Be Good. I just wanted to be able to walk my dogs on a leash without my shoulders and back aching from them pulling the whole time (pinch/prong collars were only fuel to their fire.) But not only do I not even own leashes now, I have a level of ABSOLUTE control over my dogs. Since working with Juan, I have NEVER been in public with my dogs and not gotten an inquiry as to who trained them and if they could have his number. In fact I've even had several offers for people to buy my dogs thinking they were service dogs! I recently rescued a german shepherd/husky mix to add to the pack and was able to implement all the same training techniques I'd learned. I now have a healthy, happy, much less destructive, and insanely obedient pack of dogs thanks to Juan. It's an investment I can and will enjoy for the rest of their lives.
5	If you are looking for a solid and dependable dog trainer, then yelp no further! Juan is incredible! Not only is he really great to work with, but he has become a close family friend from the whole training process. For over a year, Juan taught me how to patiently train my German Shepherd puppy into an obedient house dog. I'll be honest, training a dog isn't easy and I seriously wish dogs would magically train themselves or stay trained after one session but sadly this is not the case! Yet Juan helps make the training an enjoyable process and I guarantee that you and your dog will share an even greater bond after training together. It took me a while to realize this but Juan wasn't just helping me train my dog; he was actually training me to be a better and more understanding owner as well! I have learned so much from Juan and my family truly appreciates all he has done to give us the means to control our dogs. With Juan's guidance, my dad's Tibetan Mastiff (you know...the breed notorious for being undomesticated and impossibly difficult to train) impresses people all the time because not only does he fully understand basic commands (sit, stay, come, etc.), but he can also "place" himself in a chair, on a rock or anything else that's big enough for him to sit on. My German Shepherd, even though Shepherds are known to be an easier breed to train, knows all basic commands, socializes well with everyone, doesn't pull on the leash during walks and knows how to "speak" and walk in "reverse" on command (as well as many other tricks). So whether it's basic commands or tricks you would like to teach your dog, Juan will assist you in the best, most efficient way.I know Juan's techniques really work because as a law student, I have had nooooo time to independently continue training my dog now that Juan has moved to AZ. Yet my dog is as obedient as ever! Juan's training methods really stick and help you and your dog reach an even greater level of understanding and confidence.
5	I had a lot to learn, and though I found Juan rather accidentally, I am certain the dog gods sent him to gently guide my exuberant Aussie Shepherd girl into the ways of the human world.  As a working dog, she is much happier and secure with a sense of purpose and duty.  I, being a softy and rather weak-willed, wasn't nearly giving her the structure and boundaries she needed to feel safe.  Yes, he was working with me to find the confidence I needed to master her.  Only my mastering her would bring out her best.  Juan is all about RELATIONSHIP.  Whether that is with the pooch or with you.  He is prompt but never watches the clock.  He intuits when the lesson has left its imprint, and doesn't end a session until all parties can disband with solid footing of that imprint.  He always makes the experience joyful -- easy for him as his love for dogs is infectious -- but I could be an emotional wreck sometimes -- especially when at 10 months, I'd introduced my Aussie girl to a new pup in the household.  For two nights I hadn't slept, certain the Aussie was gonna kill the little rescue.  Juan came, and calmly, patiently, and persistently worked with each young pup until they came together and played.  He didn't rush the process; it took as long as it took.  It was magic that day to finally see them play till they lay side by side fast asleep in exhaustion. I'm thrilled to say that today the two are inseparable.I'll say this -- Juan is always right.  The discipline is in the discipline.  Once you learn his technique, five minutes a day is all it takes to reinforce the bond and mastery between you and your dog.  When I am inconsistent, that's when things get skwerly.  It has truly been wonderful, as a chicken-livered newbie to dog ownership, to have a caring and committed and confident partner like Juan in this adventure.  He's a pro!  You better grab him before he gets famous!
5	Couldn't be more satisfied. Our Great Dane went from out of control at times and leash aggressive to always in control and great on a leash (even though a leash isn't really needed anymore!). Juan couldn't be more friendly, professional and, most importantly, effective. His training methods seem to be completely customizable and with few, if any, limitations. I could not recommend his services more strongly or confidently. The only thing you'll be upset about is that you didn't find him sooner! You're welcome!
