4	Does a pretty good job for a totally touch less system. The prices are comparable to other washes in the area. The car I washed was black and did have some spots on it, but it could have been worse. Will definitely return.
5	I've been here a few times and liked it so far. I live far from this location but when on their side of town I tend to make an effort to get my car washed at Bubbles. The have  a no touch car wash machine that works really good.  I went here for my first time when I lived close to the area but I've moved since then. I also ran into some blog they have that has a lot of really cool DIY methods to cleaning or auto detail your vehicle and thought that was cool of them to share some knowledge with the local community. I recommend them and will probably continue to make a stop in their area whenever I'm around.
1	For $10 I can't expect much and from an automatic car wash I know to expect mediocre results but for an auto car wash that has a YouTube video and webpages promoting its excellent results, and after paying for the best possible wash called the Deluxe for $10, I'd at least expect my car to not come out looking worse than it went in. If the dryer worked at all I'd be happy but my car has tiny water spots on every single panel and I now have the pleasure after spending $10 of going home and re-washing my car myself. Not close to my house at all, not worth the drive nor the money, nor the hype. Not coming back again.
2	I don't know why I keep coming here. Nine dollars for a wash isn't worth it. Even the five dollar wash is a waste. I guess I keep coming back because it's close to home, but I forget that it's terrible. Every time I leave I regret it and I come home to spots on my car still. He gets the dirt off don't get me wrong, but as far as spots my car looks like it was just rained on.The trash cans are always full, even first thing in the morning. The vacuums work pretty good, but I can go to Terrible Herbst on Jones and Sahara and use free vacuums. I'm not coming back anymore.
