4	Worth the sushis experience! Considering that I'm very picky for sushis, I'd definitely recommend this place.First of all, ambiance and architecture / interior design are the main highlights. Lighting was warm and dimmed. Comfy seats and tables. This is certainly a sexy and charming spot where you could spend a long evening chatting and sipping a small glass of sake. I would recommend the spicy tuna on crispy rice as a first tapas, followed by some makis : Lotus, Mr Miyagi and Tsunami. Sushis were not too big and not too filled up with rice. Fish was fresh and delectable. Creative ginger-base dressing also came along with the makis. Black cod served with shiitake mushrooms was also delicious. RYU offers a wide wine (red / white) and sake (375ml / 750ml) list. Service was fast and good enough on a wednesday evening, it was during weekdays and the restaurant was almost empty.RYU, you impressed me.
3	Super chic restaurant, but don't expect to have authentic sushi.  Top grade fish, but the rice lacked vinegar.  I asked the chef/owner about the rice. His response was that they cater to the locals, who like their food sweet.  Truly an aha moment for me!! I'm still on a look out for the perfect sushi rice in Montreal...
4	Located on the posh and happening stretch of Laurier Avenue just off of Parc, Ryu features a sleek, glossy and trendy interior.  Ryu describes itself as a Japanese/fusion tapas restaurant, with made-to-share plates.  While not exactly at the Jun I or PARK level, Ryu still seems like a fun place to go with friends and share a light or full meal over drinks.
5	Tagged along for a birthday last week, with a group of 20 girls, owner went above and beyond to make patrons feel welcomed.Great variety of creative Sushi, they were ALL delectable! salmon tower tartar with caviar was nice and firm with no fishy taste, all Makis were rice tender and bursting with flavour with fresh ingredients, Edamame was funky with sesame coating and the surprise caramel beef sauce was astonishing for any sweet potatoes foodie fan! Meticulous presentation by 3 qualified Asian chefs, knowledgeable staff and manager, made some nice suggestions. They also allowed us to slap on our Iphone to hit up some beats for the Birthday cake! Probably the best sushi birthday place in Montreal, well worth every penny but a bit on the peak side, as elegance has a price, casual dimmed comptempo decor, just in time for a new cozy place to check out before the holidays and winter chills! Would def. go again just for the happy smiles and lush atmosphere. Thanks guys, a night in the books to remember ;-)
1	Excellent food but horrible service. The first dishes were brought out after about 15 minutes of ordering, but the second round of dishes were brought out one hour after that. We were still hungry but did not order more as we did not want to wait for another hour. No apologies or explanation was provided for the delay. The wait staff did not seem trained as they removed the plates before we were done without asking us if we were done. Would not come back and would not recommend, even though the food was good.
