5	I finally called Waitress World after spending an hour walking into every shoe store in the South Outlets looking for black close toed pumps appropriate to wear to work as a cocktail server. My life hasn't been the same (since this afternoon).I was hired just 2 days ago, and called my place of employment to find out I start TOMORROW!! As awesome as that may sound, the panic of trying to find my list of must haves is torturous. I knew Waitress World existed, because I've driven past it several times on my way to work (on the strip) but didn't expect them to cater so specifically to cocktail waitresses. They had EVERYTHING I needed, and plenty of other accessories that made things easier; clipboards, SHOES, good quality hosiery, tip cups (embellished and plain), trays, the list goes on..Cindy was especially fabulous; she not only helped me find the things I needed, but had solutions for the problems I was anticipating. She's a cocktail waitress at a strip casino so she has great insight and was genuinely trustworthy- she urged me to try on other shoes after I found some I liked, and really seems to know the products that she's selling. I want to make a point to talk about the hosiery she stocks at the store; no, not the cheap pantyhose you buy at Target, but good quality compression pantyhose for a similar price to the cheap stuff; trust the size that she thinks would fit (even if it sounds larger than you expect), and TRY IT ON if you don't. She's even got a good selection in her section of maternity hosiery. PROS:SELECTION! A whole WALL of shoes to choose from, all reasonably priced; most of them were $45 with the exception of the Clarks branded shoes at about $100. Service and expertise was great. Cindy made sure I got what I needed, and wasn't at all pushy for things I didn't. CONS:None that I can think of. Whether it's your first time serving drinks or you're a seasoned veteran- this is definitely a place to check out when you need legwear. If you disagree and can come up with a place that has a better selection at a better price, you let me know.
5	Cute boutique with all your waitressing needs! Trays, tip cups, clear purses, and more. Owner was very personable and genuinely sweet. Definitely worth stopping by :)
