4	Streamers is supposed to be an Ice Cream Parlor, but in my opinion, the ice cream is their weakest link. It's just average, and more expensive than buying a gallon of Dryers at the grovery store and eating it in your own kitchen. Streamers is a cute, 50's diner-style with checkered floor and swivel stools. The hamburgers are huge, the sandwiches yummy and the fries are thin and skin-on (just the way I like them). The young, smiling servers have always been prompt and helpful. The restaurant and the bathrooms are kept clean. Another plus -- their veggie burgers are actually good!Streamers is located right at the entrance of the Gilbert Stadium Theaters, so why not make a date of it? Just skip the dessert.
4	I really loved Farrell's back in Mira Mesa, CA.  I used to love it in Escondido, too.  But that was 15 years ago!  Streamers doesn't quite fill that void, but it's the closest I've seen.The food was pretty good.  My hamburger didn't have enough salt, but that was easily remedied.The big plus for me, anyway, was the chocolate malt with chopped up cherries in it.  I love cherry-chocolate malts, and their version was the best I've ever had!My wife got the Skookie (skillet-cookie) which was also excellent.  It takes about 10 minutes to cook, so if you're ordering it as a dessert, you might want to place the order before you finish your meal.Our server, Nicole, was positively amazing.  She took our order without writing anything down -- which wasn't too remarkable for a table of two -- but then she also took orders for a table of more than six people without writing anything down!Don't visit the East valley without stopping by Streamers.
4	My family has been frequenting this little shop for several years as we love the atmosphere.  My husband loves the nutter butter peanut butter parfait, which reminds him of a similar treat he used to get as a kid in New Jersey, and I go for the fresh cut french fries which remind me of the "chips" I used to get at a "chip" wagon every summer I would visit  a little town in Canada.  There seems to be alittle something for everyone, with salads, burgers and many desert options...the small town malt shop atmosphere is really something sweet, which might remind you of something you remember as a kid.
5	R.I.P. Streamers. We miss you. Come back if you can. You were part of traditions. We use to travel 20 miles one way to go to Streamers. You will be missed.
