4	Rented kayaks here on a beautiful, sunny afternoon with my husband & brother who was visiting from LA.You get an hour and it costs around $15 per person. They offer a 10% discount with an ASU student discount. Weekends are definitely tough to find parking but we paid $10 at one of the covered garages on Ash.Kayaking is just one rental option, you can rent a boat or a funky water ski thing.The lake itself isn't the cleanest but one a nice day, it's just fun to spend time outside on the water. They don't give you any lessons or much instruction so be prepared to wing it!
4	I love that bike rentals are back. There are kayaks, paddle boats, pontoon boats, and a few other things to rent. I have been out kayaking twice and used the paddle boat once. It's really fun. Kayaking is difficult on a windy day though. Luckily, I'm up for a challenge! They also sell water, Gatorade and snacks at the rental booth.
4	I took a large group of people to the "lake," and rented several of their watercraft (single kayaks, tandem kayak, pedal boat, and hydro bike). Rental prices seemed decent, and the 2 employees that were there were nice to work with. I love kayaking, so it's pretty cool to have the option to get out on the water with a kayak and it doesn't take 45+ minutes to get there. Looking for something different to do in the cooler months? Go rent something for 2 hours.
1	Unfortunately, unless you use the City of Tempe or buy your own paddle boards, this seems to be the only rental for SUPs and kayaks on Tempe Town Lake. Price was good for the service they offer. My issue is the customer service which was rude. I can understand if someone is having a bad day but not when it's through more than one interaction. The female employee that I encountered on the telephone and then in person made me uninterested in returning here in the future.. I would choose one of the other lakes to rent and do water play on. And, encourage others to do the same.I brought a large group of first time paddleboarders and she treated each of us rudely- as if we were a big pain and clearly a waste of her time. It was very uncomfortable, so we didn't say anything at the time. I don't stand for this kind of customer service- it's not worth my time. In this day and age, how you treat your customers is super important in creating a business that is supposed to be a fun experience.
4	I went here for the first time a couple weeks ago to go paddle boarding. So much fun! Who knew you could rent paddle boards, boats, kayaks, etc. at the lake?! Lol. I had never been paddle boarding before and the instructor didn't help much... but once I figured it out it was a lot of fun. It was $20/hr, which I thought was kind of pricey but something fun and new to do! :)
4	Awesome staff. Very helpful. Allowed me to leave personal items @ main office. I rented a kyak and a paddle board. Instructors were very thorough and attentive. I had alot of fun, and definitely heading back very soon. Snack bar items were a bit pricey, but that is to be expected. There is no dress code, but make sure to wear clothes that you expect to get wet in!
5	I can't believe I'm a native and I've never kayaked in Tempe Town Lake.  Put this on your "to do" list if you haven't already done it already, it a great way to get some exercise and take in some fresh air at the same time.  I came here on a date who received major bonus points for being creative.  We kayaked, watched the sunset and then had a little picnic at the Tempe Beach Park.  It's nice to see that they are open until 8 pm because that would be more doable during summer months, I can't imagine being on a lake that is too dirty to jump in when it's super hot but lucky we were there on a perfect Arizona day.  It would be even better if they were open a little earlier so you could hit the lake around 5:00 am and still have the rest of your day.    The kayak was clean, the service was friendly and considering this is a low-cost and unique thing to do in Phoenix, I've gotta give up 5 stars.
5	the wife and I stopped by around noon to rent SUP for an hour. we thought it would be just an easy walk up, but come to find out, this thing is really popular! we were put on a wait list and came back about an hour later to begin our SUP'ing. the girl at the reservation was kind and sweet and was actually apologetic for the long wait. we walked over to the dock and the guy there gave us a quick lesson for the SUP and we were off. it's not hard, well...not on Tempe Town Lake anyway. the rentals were 20 bucks/hour which included the paddle. don't ding or lose the board or paddle...it's expensive to replace! the boards are decent, though not anything wicked cool, but they were fun to just enjoy a day out on the lake. you don't really need shoes or flip flops. they will let you store any gear you brought in their office, but really you just need a sunhat, sunglasses, and swimsuit...return was just as easy as renting. if you have to wait, no biggie....mill ave is 5 minute walk away!
5	I had no idea that there are so many rental options on Tempe Town Lake! Kayaks, large pontoon style boats, floating bicycles, jet skis, etc. Today was our first time trying a rental and we were curious about the stand up paddle boarding. Apparently you can reserve online, which I'd probably recommend as it was way more popular than we expected. We had to wait about an hour as it's first come first serve.Price is $20pp per hour. After a quick lesson we were well on our way. It's surprisingly easy and super fun-highly recommended! Staff was very friendly and helpful.
5	We showed up yesterday morning shortly after they opened to rent stand up paddle boards on Tempe Town Lake.  There was a manager special of rent one board, get one 50% off, plus they gave us a $5 off early bird special too...love that!  We rented the boards for an hour and were off...it was peaceful, good exercise and a great way to start a Sunday morning!We will definitely be back to try the kayaks next.
4	Under any circumstance, this would be fun! It would be a great family activity, birthday excursion, or even an awkward first date would be enjoyable here. Kendall and I were on a mission to do something outdoorsy and adventurous before our conference in AZ. When we saw this place conveniently located just under 15 minutes from the airport it was an easy decision with the glowing Yelp reviews. There are several water 'excursions' to choose from all the way from hydro-bking to kayaking. In an hour Kendall and I kayaked, paddleboarded, and HYRDO-BIKED. There wasn't a wait at all and the staff was as friendly as could be. All of the equipment looked new and was spotless. The river had a great view of some AZ mountains and the ASU campus. Prices were reasonable - about $25 per hour. You can also leave your belongings with the staff in the office. There isn't a tip jar, but tip anyway - these people know what they're doing!
5	Simple simple simple rental procedures. And great prices, too! Come here to rent a paddleboard, kayak, hydrobike, pedal boat, 18' electric surrey, or pontoon boat. Hello, fun! This little rental shop is literally right on Tempe Town Lake, so it's the most convenient location ever. The kayaks, paddleboards, hydro-bikes, and pedal boats all run somewhere between $15 and $25 per hour, which is a killer price. An hour is plenty of time to go out for a rousing little water adventure!My spectacular gal-pal and I opted for the 2 person kayak.... We put her in the back to "steer" since she's a more experienced water-sport-er than I... she was even on a rowing team once!! I sat in the front and acted like I knew what I was doing.... but I didn't. It was fun anyway! Now you aren't supposed to get in the water and swim, and you probably don't want to anyway because yuck-o; but this doesn't stop water from getting onto you. Your rear-end will get wet in the kayak for sure.Next we tried the HYDRO-BIKES. The best invention ever! Riding a bike on water?! It was almost biblical... I felt quite stable and safe up out of the water. You'll never get wet on this thing unless someone rams into you. It's a bit hard to steer and control, but doesn't take long to get used to. Sooooooo fun.Lastly we decided to paddleboard, which is something else I've never done. I stayed on my knees for a bit because I was honestly a bit horrified. I felt like I'd surely tumble into the water and embarrass everyone... plus, I was having a horrendous time trying to steer. No matter what I did, I just kept drifting further out to sea... For about 2 whole minutes I felt very dramatic and like I was probably lost forever. But then I got over it and stood up (easier to paddle for sure, duh), and rowed my way back home!A seriously fun time on Tempe Town Lake was had, and I thank Tempe Town Lake Boat Rentals for providing us with quality equipment, awesome service and staff (they held onto all of our belongings and even took several pictures of us being all sporty), and great prices. Woo!
5	So I never made it down to this place to experience first-hand what it's like. I wanted to rent a boat for my wife's birthday and hang out with some friends on the water. I don't live in town, so I couldn't check it out in person before I made the reservation. I made the reservation online thinking everything was good.I called a few days before my reservation and due to practice for the Ironman competition, I wasn't able to have my rental start at 10am like originally planned. I agreed to go from 11 to noon without checking with everyone else. Unfortunately that didn't work for them, so I contacted the Boats4Rent company and they were eventually willing to refund me due to the circumstances.Overall, I'm sure they've got good stuff as I've rented at their location in Oceanside before, but don't hesitate to go with them. They'll take care of you. I do suggest making reservations over the phone rather than online though.
1	Saw the prices for a paddle boat, $15 on a regular day. Rented one for 4th of July, $75 and $100 for every 15 minutes past 10pm. Absolute rip off. No wonder there was only 5 other boats on the lake. Would NOT rent from them any day simply because of this price hike.
5	So much fun. My boyfriend and I rented a pedal boat. Brandon delivered his safety brief witb the perfect balance of professionalism and humor. The boats are a little slow but it was an all around great time.
4	This is a place I try to frequent when I am looking for a fun and memorable time with someone special. Water in the desert is a sparse commodity, so when you are looking for an oasis in the desert this is a great place to start. It is a great idea for someone who is looking to take a date, as well as a great place for families to have a little family time. This oasis provides you with a little seclusion and helps you forget you are in the city much less the desert. I love to take my wife out here because you feel like you are out on an island where the world seems to slow down and you can take time to relax. I love to paddle out a little ways and sit for the hour and just talk with friends, family or whoever I bring out there. I promise you that it is worth your while as you will be forming memorable memories and having conversations that you can reminisce about in the future. Don't forget this place is just a short stroll from fun Mill Ave. so the night does not have to end here. I have to add to my review that I recently visited here again but had an issue. My boat took on water and my shoes got ruined from the water and grease that was spraying through a seal on the shaft for the peddles. I was pretty upset so I went to address this issue with the staff renting the boats and they quickly disregarded me thinking I was looking for a freebie. I as anyone was seeking some sort of resolution and for someone who would just listen to my frustration, but was only offered some sort of coupon which I denied because who wants to have the same thing happen again. Well to make a bad review good shortly after expressing my frustration in a civil manner I was contacted by a regional manager and apologized to. I did not ask to be contacted but am very pleased he was so kind to reach out to me. He listened to me attentively and really offered to make the issue right above and beyond what any business would normally do. Thank you so much for caring for your customers and trying to make this issue right. I appreciate you spending the time with me on the phone to make sure I was satisfied.
5	Had a great time pedal boating! Would love to try the paddle board next! Great prices & military discounts!
5	The SUP board is great so are the kayaks, we weren't a fan of the paddle boats!! but for the price we rented all three for a very inexpensive price.
2	No equipment upkeep and most of the boats need maintenance.I have been here twice in the past, once for paddle boarding and once for what would have been a very romantic date had the row boat we rented been operational. The paddle boarding equipment was completely fine and not a bad deal at $20 for an hour and a half ride.The row boats however are in serious need of maintenance. The affixed oars are hardly attached and nearly impossible to use. This made moving around in the water extremely difficult, especially when navigating up stream. Upon returning the boat to the dock I informed the docker of the boat's need of repairs. He replied, "They are much more concerned with Greenbacks here than costumer satisfaction..." He didn't seem happy about it either and it was disheartening to see the docker care more about costumer satisfaction that the management.
4	Super nice staff, good equipment. We went by on a hot Sunday afternoon and rented a paddle board, kayak, and peddle boat (is that what it is called?). We switched around between the four of us and they were always happy to help with the transition. Highly recommend for some urban water fun!
4	Went here today to rent a peddle boat. Fast and easy to get everything taken care of. However, our boat kept breaking and not peddling. We fixed it, but the last time I had to call and have them rescue us. They were super nice though and comped it since we were headed to dinner. So even though that happened, we would come back for the atmosphere and the great customer service. Thanks!
2	I've been here a few times, but it is only by default. I love SUP and kayaking, and they are the only company who do rentals in the area (water sources in Phoenix metro are minimal). The customer service is literally always sub-par. From employees arguing with each other in front of customers, misplacing our purses, or just sitting there socializing instead of helping us bring the kayaks back onto the dock... Additionally, this isn't their fault, but Tempe Town Lake smells ratchet. If there was any competition in the area, this place would have to get their act together or they'd be driven out of business fast #capitalism
