4	This place is prettyempty pretty often butthe food is quite good.
3	Ordered a pepperoni pizza to be delivered to our hotel room.  It came quickly.  Cost was around $20 Canadian.  It was hot and good even if a little bland.  The ingredients were fresh and if I am not mistaken the cheese was whole milk mozzarella.
4	Damn good pizza at 2am. The Hotel Omni advertises for them, so I tried them out from inside my hotel room, to which they delivered late late at night. It was very good pizza... awesome cheese, slightly bland sauce, awesome crust. The pepperoni mushroom pepper combo was a good deal too. Thanks Zestos.
3	Just got my pie...ordered a Spicy Mexican pizza, which included hot peppers, ground beef onions and cheese. No hot peppers to be found. Nothing Mexican about this. Crust a bit overcooked, but overall not a bad pie, just not what was advertised.On the plus side, the order was promised in 30 mins, and they delivered on that.
3	My wife and I were looking for delivery pizza kind of food at about 9:30PM while staying that the Marriot Chateau Champlain and found Zestos here on yelp. The woman who took our order was very abrupt, but it's Thanksgiving weekend so they might be really busy.The delivery was surprisingly fast. My wife just got onion soup and some apple pie and I ordered Sous-Marin Deluxe (steak and cheese sub with onions, peppers, pepperoni, mushrooms, and melted cheese). She thought her food was decent while I was underwhelmed. The order may have been mixed up since my sub was missing pepperoni and mushrooms but had lettuce and tomatoes. It was cooked well, but we found the food a little more greasy than we were expecting.Overall they completely met the need we had, the food arrived very fast, and it was good quality. The mistake could be related to the speed at which the order was taken or a slight language slip.
1	I was visiting town, and after reading YELP, decided that this could be a good idea. I was wrong. The pizza showed up cold, with little sauce, and hardly any topings. I paid for spinach to be added to my pizza and saw 4 pieces of spinach on the whole pizza. I could also count the pieces of pineapple on my hawaiian pizza. It was disappointing beyond belief, both for the price, and considering what I read here.
4	Good for late night junk food delivery.  Salad's pretty decent, too.
4	Great pizza after a long day of traveling. Delivery service was not the fastest, but totally worth the wait. I loved the crisp crust.
4	Open late. They deliver. Reasonable prices. What more can you ask for? Oh... It was delicious!!
